632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
lators are passed by? I have to tell them that it is
caused by the legerdemain, so like thimble-rigging,
and the chicanery which is practiced under the
rules of the House. 'An unsophisticated man
comes in here and finds that a bill is before the
House and almost ready to pass; already have two
or three votes been taken upon it, and when he
would naturally suppose that one more vote will
complete the transaction, all at once some gentle-
man, who understands the rules, rises to a point of
order, and the bill drops through the platform, and
gets at the lower end of the Speaker's table. If
you look back at the experience of this session, you
will find that one fourth of the entire time has been
consumed in settling points of order, which, when
settled, are neither rules or precedents, because the
next day the House may settle the point of order
exactly the other way.
A gentleman rises in his place, and says, " I rise
to a point of order." Well, the Speaker decides it.
Nobody can blame him for deciding wrong, be-
cause he must be wiser than Solomon, and of more
experience than Methuselah, if he can understand
the rules which we have adopted, and the prece-
dents which ought to direct the government of the
House. He makes his decision, and an appeal is
taken. The question is taken upon the appeal,
and the House reverses the decision of the Speak-
er. Next day the same question arises, and the
Speaker decides according to the precedent already
laid down. Some one rises and appeals, and the
House overrules the decision of the day before. I
profess to understand something of parliamentary
law, but I acknowledge to this House that I have
frequently undertaken to read and understand these
rules, and at the various times that I have tried to
read them through, I have been utterly filled with
disgust at their conflicting and contradictory char-
acter. I could but see that here were the elements
of delay and obstruction of public business, of
which the country was so justly complaining 
manifest as well in the disregard of those plain
and obvious requirements which are indispensable
to the progress of business* as in the facility and
importance which is bestowed upon parliamentary
maneuvering—the offspring of anything rather
than enlarged and liberal statesmanship; a sys-
tem which substitutes mere adroitness for ability,
cunning for wisdom, and which bestows equal or
superior distinction upon those who, by ingeni-
ous devices, contrive to obstruct the progress of
legislation, as upon others who, pursuing the dic-
tates of common sense, go on to finish the work
which the country has placed before them. One
ol your most prominent rules requires that during
the morning hour of each day committees shall
be called for reports. The country expects this
to be done. Each applicant to Congress for relief 1
looks for action on his case by the House on the
report. His petition has been filed and referred, I
under the rule, and the committee have had the sub- I
ject in charge. The expectation is reasonable and
just. But what are the facts ? Month after month
and session after session passes and their cases
never appear. They ask when, under the rules
of the House, committees shall be called upon for
reports? They are told, that by the rules, every
day; yet no committee has reported for fifteen
months, except the Committee on Public Lands.
This committee was called, and appropriated a
long time to their reports. They would introduce
a bill, have it read, call the previous question upon
its passage, and if it failed, we would have essen-
tially the same bill again from the committee, with
modifications making it a little different, just
enough to be within the rule. Thus, like a'me-
chanical contrivance known as the endless screw
it was ready at every revolution to catch the cogs
and control the wheel which propelled the legisla-
tive action of the House. For months the time
devoted to the calling upon committees for renorts
was occupied upon railroad bills and reports from
the Committee on Public Lands. I refer to the facts
the Journal, and therecords, for the evidence. The
entire business of the country was overslauo-lied
\t House passed the appropriation for
the Collins line, and some other bills with large
appropriations, and the rest of the session, so far as
committees were concerned, with receiving renorts
from the Committee on Public Lands. Do you
wonder that there is public discontent? Do you
wonder that plain and sensible men at home
should be indignant when they find that there is
none but a particular class of individuals who can
receive the benefits of your legislation ? Do you
wonder that men murmur and complain when they
see the widow of the sailor, who has been drowned
upon your coast, sinking into the grave under that
delay which makes the heart sick t How often is
it the case that a bill for the relief of some widow
passes through the Senate, comes here for our
action, but fails to receive a hearing here, and the
poor woman goes home to weep over her impover-
ished children, finding no relief at the hands of that
country which should protect her. These rules
stand out in bold relief upon your book. They j
imperatively direct the order of business, but
make it not only possible, but the practice of J
every day; to place the last first and the first last. , j
The practice of the House is in open repudiation J
of the rules, and none are made to feel the con- I
straint except the minority, or some unlucky wight j
who, not having the fear of their operation before >
his eyes, has obtained, after a long struggle, the
floor, and making headway with his speech, is
brought down by some astute marksman, who
rises and makes a point of order upon him,—points,
many of which are as recondite and learned as
those involved in the case of Straddling vs. Stiles,
so well known in the history of legal decisions.
But the brightest commentary upon the worth-
lessness of the rules, their entire uselessness ex-
cept to oppress minorities and obstruct business,
is to be found in the fact that you never pass any
law without first suspending all rules, relieving the
House from those manacles worn so long that
they are fancied to be ornaments. The children
of my district would be*amused if I were to tell
them that the wise people here, the representa-
tives of the people, have so tied their hands with
a parcel of rules that it is often the case that be-
fore they can either speak or legislate, they have
to cut the strings, throw the rules away, and act
without them. Point to a bill that is passed with-
out suspending the rules, except, perhaps, some
that have been caught up and, by maneuvering,
kept alive for discussion in the morning hour, to the
exclusion of committee reports. Was there ever
such a commentary upon human fatuity? This
is a faithful history of the whole matter. Show j
me a law that has passed without asking the unan-
imous consent of the House, which is the modus \
operandi on all days except Monday, or on that day f
(devoted by the rules to resolutions and petitions
from sovereign States, now scarcely ever called) by [
a motion to suspend the rules, so that we may get
rid of the artificial obstructions thrown around us,
and enable us to act like sensible men, doing the
business of the country. With that fact so prom-
inent, how can you go before the public and say
that these evils should continue without immedi-
ate reform?
Mr. Chairman, gentlemen complain that we
have discursive debates—that in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, gentlemen rise
and discuss subjects that are not legitimately un-
der consideration. This, sir, is true, and it cer-
tainly must appear strange to the country, that
when a post office bill is under consideration, a
speaker here should discuss a territorial bill. But
that practice has arisen from the absurdity of the
rules and their abominable and oppressive work-
ing. A gentleman who has a favorite bill obtains
the consent of the House, and has it read. No
human being has ever heard of it except those
members who happen to be on the same commit-
tee, and perhaps a few other individuals with
whom he may have conversed about its provisions.
He makes a statement of the contents of the bill,
asks to put it on its passage, and forthwith calls
the previous question. A bare majority of a quo-
rum can sustain the previous question and cut off
debate, and the only chance a member has to in-
struct his constituents with regard to that meas-
ure, should he be so fortunate as to know of its
existence, is to discuss it in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. That is the
only opportunity which we have to discuss gen-
eral policy and general subjects without being
gagged by the tyranny of the previous question,
and prevented from informing our constituents
and tne country as to the schemes of legislation
introduced into this Hall. Sir, I am glad that this
sort of general debate takes place in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. Many
things have leaked out to our constituents which
they never would have heard of under any cir-
cumstances, unless gentlemen had discussed them
in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
But permit me to illustrate the oppressive oper-
ation of the previous question. More than two
thirds of the most important measures that have
passed Congress since I have been a member, have
been passed under the tyrannical gag of the pre-
vious question, and the entire suppression of de-
bate. Members have been, required to vote upon
bills which were of great importance, and should
they have been accidentally out of the House when
they were read, of which they are utterly unin-
formed. A single objection may preventthe read-
ing again, and it must be remen#ered that it ia
scarcely possible to hear anything read in this Hall
so that it is understood. In this state of things, we
are forced to the final vote. To add to the absurdity
of the position of affairs, the main question being
ordered, a call of the House cannot be made, and
if no quorum be present, an adjournment is the
only resource. A bare quorum being present, a
minority of Congress pass the most important
measures of the session, with the nominal author-
ity to compel members to attend,* the previous
question paralyzes this arm of the power of the
House, and leaves it in bondage to rules ingeni-
ously contrived to obstruct instead of forwarding
business, effectual only to do mischief, and power-
less for good. Members, however reluctant, are
called upon to vote upon bills that they have never
heard read, and to vote away millions after millions
without even hearing what it was for, and all be-
cause an impatient majority of the House would
call the previous question, and force them to say
yea or nay.
But there is another and more deeply-seated
evil. In many instances the House is dependent
for its information with regard to important bills
upon the individual action of the members of the
committee which reports the bill. They must go
round and give the information, or the House
would have no information at all. Is this the
proper mode of legislation? Is it right and proper,
when all our transactions must come before the
public, that we should be dependent for informa-
tion with regard to important measures, upon pri-
vate reports and private statements, and then be
forced, under the previous question, to vote for or
against them, without understanding them? And
yet such is the result. How often is it the case
that the chairman of a committee rises and says:
" I am instructed by the Committee on Public
Lands, or by the Committee on Commerce, to re-
port the following bill. I ask to have it put upon
j its passage, and demand the previous question."
I And when some gentleman rises and says that he
j does not understand the bill, and would like to
! discuss it, the answer is, " Oh it has been fully
discussed in the Senate, and every one understands
everything about it." Gentlemen take it for
granted that because a measure has been discussed
in the other Chamber, it is understood by every-
body here. Now I have always understood that
I the object in having two Houses was, that meas-
ures should be separately discussed in each. I do
not understand that it was intended that discus-
sion it? the Senate should supersede discussion
here, or that discussion here should supersede dis-
j cussion in the Senate. They have in the Senate
only fifty-four rules; sixteen of those relate to
! their Executive sessions and peculiarorganization.
The balance of those rules relate to the mode in
| which they shall transact business in their legis-
lative sessions. And, Mr. Chairman, the Senate
, does much more business than the House of Rep-
resentatives; they have no hour rule there; no pre-
! vious question; no limitation to discussion except
; the courtesy and will of the Senate; and yet that
body transacts just four times as much business as
this House! What is the reason' I answer, the
i operation of our rules. The whole House here
desires to transact business—the whole House de-
sires to pass a bill, and some gentleman says, " I
j object," and there is an end of it. That eloquent,
that overwhelming, that brilliant expression breaks
| down all barriers, and the House sits powerless
under the electric effect of that resistless word !
[Laughter.] Sir, we have entangled ourselves in
such a way that it is impossible for us to move.
We are running a race for life, in taking care of
the interests of the people, and we have put such
weights upon ourselves that locomotion is impos-
sible, except when we throw them off for a few
I moments for legislative exercise.
