634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
man would suppose that vole would be taken, as the j
first business in the morning, the Speaker stated i|
that no motion to recommit having been made, the I
bill was back to the foot of the calendar. Would j
any plain man comprehend the manner in which
that bill came there? Would he understand why,
after we had spent a whole day in the consideration
of this bill, at a cost of some six or seven thousand 1
dollars, we should have lost the benefit of that con-
sideration, and the bill placed where it could not
be again reached? Would he comprehend it?
You may tell him that you have a rule here, that
when a motion was not made to recommit the
bill under consideration always went to the Speak-
er's table; but what would he say ? Why did you
not take it up from the Speaker's table? You can
only ex >lain, that when the House adjourned, it j
fell through a trap-door to the bottom, and noth- (
ing more can be heard of it. Why, sir, could
you convince any plain man of the propriety or j
necessity of these devices by which so much of
the people's money should be sunk by the in-
genuity of gentlemen who understand the legerde-
main of making these rules so potent in particular
cases? Our people do not understand it. They j
suppose that we come here to conduct the public ;
business, and it is impossible to justify ourselves
before them for this enormous expense incurred in
trickery which they cannot comprehend. They
will, however, comprehend the fact that the bus-
iness of the country is obstructed and a vast ex-
pense incurred.
Now, sir, this whole system of special legisla-
tion is wrong, filsewhere the authority of a judge
expounding a law is at least regarded as creating a
precedent; but here you find the Speaker of this
House makes a decision one day, and the House
sustains him in that decision, and yet the next
day you find precisely the same point arises, and
is decided by the Speaker in the same manner, and
the House, upon an appeal, overrules his decision.
Sir, I feel that I have myself been a sufferer under
this kind of movement. I have been made to feel
that the interests of those whom I represent have
been the sport of these conflicting interpretations,
that they were victims to these revolutionary
movements; the majority, for special purposes,
reversing the decisions of the Chair, when the
Speaker was sustained by the rule, so clearly ex-
pressed that " he that runs may read it." When-
ever a decision of the Speaker is once made, and
that decision is sustained by the rule, whether the
measure to which it relates meets my approbation
or not—whether 1 am friendly or unfriendly to it,
I feel as much bound to sustain him as 1 should
to do right if I were acting upon a jury under oath.
Satisfy my judgment that it is right—satisfy me
that the rules require him to make such a decision,
and f would no more vote to reverse it than 1
would place intentionallyafalseconstructionupon
any other law.
Sir, T always tremble when I find my fortune
and interests, my character and position, under
the control of a mere majority unrestrained by
constitutions or laws. I here declare that if hu-
man ingenuity were exhausted to devise the most
effectual means of producing the most oppressive
Government which was ever conceived, it would
be an unchecked, naked, unbridled governmentof
a majority. There is nothing that the mind of man
can conceive so cruel, there is nothing which has
so deeply dyed the page of history with the blood
of the upright and virtuous as the dominion of
an unbridled majority. I am a Republican, I
am a Democrat, if you please, but I am a Dem-
ocrat who looks to the Constitution of the coun-
try and the laws of the country for my protec-
tion, as those safeguards which are thrown around
me in the beneficence of those who framed the gov-
ernment—ramparts erected around me and mine
to protect me from the dominion of a corrupt,
unchecked majority; so that every American citi-
zen may say, I stand in my own house, with the
shield of the Constitution and laws of the coun-
try around and before me, and the arm that is
raised to assail me, falls powerless before the ma-
jesty of thelaws. Ourown Government is notone
of a majority, but one of constitutional provisions;
and were the alternative presented of living under
a social organization which is controlled by the
mere will of a majority knowing no restraints, and
without any limitations from Constitution or laws,
or seeking the protection of the strong arm of abso-
lute povyer, no discreet man would hesitate in the
choice. The ruler would be a man with a human j j
heart and human sensibilities, approachable by
the usual avenues which lead to the communion of | j
man with his fellow-men. Should he be corrupt,
he may be bought; weak, he rflay be flattered;
malignant, he may be avoided; ignorant, the ex-
tent of his influence may be so decreased as to
disarm him in a great measure from evil; and
should he be all these combined, still flight is a
mode of escape left after all others are cut off.
But the imagination in vain endeavors to conceive
of a calamity comparable to a Government which
emanates from a mere majority, without restraints
of constitution or laws, conscious of power, and
willing to use it, with eyes on every side, and a
concentration of every passion which inflames the
human heart, fierce and unrelenting, everywhere
present and all-powerful, whose watchfulness
never abates, whose wrath never can be soothed,
whose eye marks its victim whichever way he
goes, and whose arms will reach him wherever
he is.
Sir, the object of law is for the protection of
minorities; majorities ask for none. Laws are
made for the protection of the weak; the strong
ask none. Laws are made for the protection of
those who are crushed down by the iron arm of
power; those who wield that arm need no protec-
tion. Minorities here are held by the rule when it
is against them, and the rule is reversed by appeals 1
when in their favor. The rules are made the in-
! struments of oppression. Examine, sir, the pre-
; cedents existing from decisions made under our
rules. We shall discover the utter recklessness
with which this House reverses the decisions of
Speakers made according to these rules. A few
hours' search will disclose the conflicting charac-
ter of the decisions made under those rules. We
shall thus learn the reason for the eighteen months
of inefficiency which has marked the proceedings
of this Congress. If we turn and look to the
claimants who have come here to ask for simple
justice, we find a rule which prescribes that Fri-
days and Saturdays shall be devoted to the in-
terests of these private claimants. We shall see
how few of those days are devoted to their in-
terests. What is the history of our legislation in
this respect? We very properly do not allow a
private claimant to sue the Government. We are '
the court in which they appear by humble petition.
The widow of the soldier who fell in the service of
the country, who has wept over children who are
paupers as well as orphans, has come, year after i
year, to knock at the doors of this House for relief, '
because invited here by our rules. They proclaim
to the world that Friday and Saturday of each
week shall be devoted to hearing and deciding the
Causes of private claimants. Many of those pe-
titions, after long delay, reach us from the Senate.
Many pass through our committees and reach the
calendar. In the face of this rule, absolute and
imperative, the House rarely ever goes into the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar. |
If they should, another rule, making one of the i
days objection day, when the resistless eloquence
of " I object!" whether made by one who under-
stands the claim or not, places the whole matter
beyond the reach of the House until another oc-
casion shall be made for the consideration of such
claims on some remote day.
This course, sir, of objection and delay—these
oppressive and senseless rules, whilst they have
worked grievous wrongs upon the claimants on
this Government, have turned away the prayers
and affections of their victims from us, have been
the fruitful source of the lobby influence—the do-
minion of claim agents and jobbers, which, like a
fungus, has grown upon the administration of the
Government, and is extracting all of wholesome
vitality from its branches and Departments. We
have given those harpies an excuse for their im-
portunities and their combinations. The poor
claimant cannot employ them. The wealthy do.
The poor are neglected, and the rich are satisfied
in their demands. These things are true. Look
at your private calendar. Look at your denial of
justice and delay of claims which are just. Look
at the laws which we throw around ourselves for
our own protection, providing that we cannot be
sued, providing that the Government shall not be-
come the defendant in any suit against itself by a
claimant. With all this abuse, with all these
claims crying for justice, we spend half of our
Fridays and Saturdays in discussing some land
bill, or discussing some measure until we arrive
at the point when we are about to pass it, when,
by some parliamentary chicanery, it falls to the
bottom and cannot again be reached. I have drawn
a true picture of this state of things. I could not
permit this session to close, without relieving my
mind and rriy conscience of the burden which was
upon it. I could not go back to my people and
tell them, that in a Congress of nearly two years,
it has been twelve months since the committees of
the House have been called on to report, or private
claims have been, to any extent, regularly consid-
ered.
Sir, it may be that the House is wrong, and that
the rules are right. If that be so, I call the atten-
tion of this committee to an observance of the
rules, and to the discharge of their duties, and I
shall not have spoken in vain. It may be that
there is a want of capacity on my part to under-
stand the rules. If that be so, and I shall have
succeeded in directing others to look at them, and
understand them better than I do, I shall be
satisfied that I have enlisted in a good cause.
It is a matter of little importance to the world
whether I am esteemed sufficiently astute to un-
derstand the rules or not; but it is a matter of the
first importance to the country that the rules
| should be so observed that the claimants upon the
j Government should have justice done them when
| they come here and ask it at the hands of Con-
gress, and that the business of the country should
i be done, and not delayed.
; Look at your Speaker's table. Look at the
pile of bills sent there from the Senate,—an as-
sembly which has no hour rule; an assembly
which has no previous question; an assembly
whose matters are thoroughly and fully discussed;
an assembly where a member will rise and give
notice three or four days ahead that he desires the
permission of the Senate to speak upon a certain
subject on a certain day, and which consent is
uniformly granted; an assembly which transacts
their business under rules more of courtesy than
of any other kind; an assembly which fully dis-
1 cusses, without an hour rule, all business which
i comes before it. Look, I say, and see the amount
| of business which has come down from that Sen-
ate, and which has accumulated there in defiance
of all that we have done.
i There is something radically wrong; but, as I
[ remarked to the House, it is not philosophical to
speak of an evil without suggesting a remedy. A
i most obvious remedy, to my mind, is, that inas-
much as we have never been able to do any busi-
ness without suspending the rules and coming
back to parliamentary law, perhaps we should do
better by dispensing with the rules as now con-
stituted. The parliamentary law, with some mod-
ifications, especially to adapt it to the peculiarity
orour institutions, and to prevent some ascertained
evils, and a plain and simple order for the trans-
action of business, adopted arftl adhered to, the
country will be satisfied and our time profitably
spent.
Under the operation of the previous question
the most important matters are acted upon in this
Hofise without consideration and without discus-
sion.
Under the committee-of-conference system mil-
lions of appropriation may be crowded into any
, bill, be brought down here and forced upon us,
under the alternative of adopting the action of the
committee of conference, or losing the bill.
Sir, these are obvious evils, and, inasmuch as we
can do nothing without a suspension of the rules
altogether, why not abrogate them altogether?
With the modifications suggested, the experiment
is worth trying, as nothing can be worse than the
; present system.
I trust that by another session of Congress, the
public.mind will be enlightened upon this subject.
Those gentlemen who are here disposed to do
business, and to labor for the public good, should
not bear the responsibility of the delay of that
business. They should show to the country that
it does not rest upon them.
| Sir, your committees have their tables burdened
with reports. There is not a committee in this
, House that is not ready with reports, which they
have not had opportunity to bring before the House
for its action. The committee to which I belong—
; the Committee on the Judiciary—one of the most
| important in the House, has not been called upon
I for reports for fourteen months. We have met,
