636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 15,
tem against one feature of which he has com-
plains so loudly to-day; that is, the mode of act-
ing on reports from committees of conference.
Now, one word as to the reasons why the com-
mittees have not been called. In my opinion, the
reason of this has been because the House has
not sustained the Speaker in the administration of
the rules, in first calling on the committees each
day for reports for one hour, afterwards proceed-
ing to the business on the Speaker's table, and
then going to the regular orders of the day. Had
the Chair been sustained in this, your committees
would have been called almost every day in the
session, and the Speaker's table would not now
bejmrdened with a vast amount of business. It
would have been cleared each day. If the gentle-
man from North Carolina wants to know how the
thing works now, as he has given us some com-
parisons, I will tell him. There are two hundred
and thirty-three members in the House. They
come here, and all want their business dispatched,
and, just like a crowd endeavoring to get out of a
building on fire, all rush together, twenty and
thirty get on the floor at the same time, calling
out "Mr. Speaker!" "Mr. Speaker!" first one
and then another, and not unfrequently all to-
gether. They do not conform to the rules, and
the Chair does not make them conform, and hence
all attempting to rush in their business at once, the
way is blocked up and none is done. You ought
to have a Speaker who would proceed regularly
under the rules with the business, who would
recognize no man out of order, and who would let
each one have a hearing in order when his turn reg-
ularly came. Then the multitude of business, in-
stead of being crowded and mashed in the general
confusion, would all be acted on in a regular and
orderly way. That is the way it used to be done.
You did not hear twenty-five and thirty years
ago, complaints of the rules. They were essen-
tially the same then as now. They were better
administered, that is all. Members conformed to
them; and if they did not, the Speaker required
them to do so.
But I do not desire to prolong this discussion.
I only wished that the gentleman's remarks on the
rules might not go unanswered. I wish the con-
stituents of the gentleman, and all of our constitu-
ents, to know the fact that the rules are essentially
the same now as they have been for half a century.
If the men who have been here within that long pe-
riod could legislate under these rules, and those who
are here now cannot, let the people look out for
others who can. If they will but do this, you will
have wise and proper legislation, and you willnot
have the reports of committees on important bills
put off until near the end of the session, and com-
mittees of conference appointed, and four or five
men constituting these committees, voting heavy
appropriations, and measures which cannot be un-
derstood by the House. I notify this House that, so
far as I am concerned, I do not intend to sustain
a single report from a conference committee, at
the close of this session—I do not care what be
the consequence—unless my judgment approves
of its details. A committee of conference at the
last session made a report of about twenty or thirty
pages of matter, not understood by the House, or
which, if voted on separately by the House, would
never, I think, have got its sanction. The House
did n t understand it, and the question then came
up—take this report of the committee of confer-
ence or lose the appropriation bill. Well, I in-
tend, so far as I am concerned, that they may be
lost before I shall vote under this sort of gag or
duress.
A Member. How are these reports to be un-
derstood when they come in on the last night of
the session ?
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman asks how
can they l^e understood when they come in at the
very end of the session? They cannot be prop- !
erly understood, and that is the evil of putting off
action until so late a period in the session—this
comes from your tardiness and delay. On this
point of reports from conference committees, I
agree with the gentleman from North Carolina as
to my course; I do not intend to turn over legis-
lation by that sort of proceeding, to four or five
men. The House may do as it pleases, but so
far as I am concerned, lam not going to be forced
to sustain such reports from any threat or appre-
hension which may be thrown out that the appro-
priation bills will be lost. Let them be lost, and
let the consequences fall where they justly belong;
and now, sir, let us go to work—I will detain the
House no longer. Proceed according to the rules;
take up the bills, and let us understand them. If
amendments are put on them in the Senate, let
them be returned in time for us to understand
them. Let the House take its position under-
standing^ upon each amendment, and let it stand
by its own judgment. If the bills should be lost
by any of these amendments being adhered to by
the Senate let them be lost. But let no one say-
that such a result, if it should happen, was owing
to the rules .of this House.
Mr. STUART. I desire,Mr.Chairman, to make
a few remarks in regard to the rules of the House
and the evils complained of by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Venable;] but in
doing so, I shall not detain the committee long.
I am not going to contend that the rules are what
they might be; but I will endeavor briefly to
show that they might be much better adminis-
tered than they are if it were the disposition of a
majority of the House to do so. It is a principle
ingrafted, perhaps, on our nature, when there is
an evil existing, to charge it to some source other
than ourselves. I will try to demonstrate, that
if the House will at any time, this or any other
day, undertake to execute the rules in their letter
and in their spirit, there will exist no such evils as
those of which complaint is made. It is contended
by many, perhaps a majority of the members,
that it is not possible to reach the business on the
Speaker's table. If the rules be administered as
they exist, it would be competent for a majority
of the House any and every day to go to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table, and stay there as
long as they chose. Is that understood generally
throughout the country? Not at all. ft has be-
, come the fear of gentlemen who desire to get their
bills through, that by some parliamentary maneu-
ver their bills will go to the Speaker's table.
Why, sir, if you would execute the rules they
might be as well there as any other place, because
they would be reached the very next day in their
'order. But how came the difficulty? It origina-
; ted in this wise: At an early day during the last ses-
' sion, on motion of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Johnson,] the homestead bill was made the
special order. By a rule of the House it is in order
at any time to move a suspension of the rules, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. Now, what
did we do when we reached that special order ?
A majority of this House, regardless of the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table, regardless of the du-
ties incident to the morning hour, to wit: the re-
; ports of committees, would vote to suspend the
rules every day for about four months, and go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union to discuss the homestead bill. What
was done in the mean time? Business came from
the Senate, and bills to the number of one hun-
dred and fifty accumulated on the Speaker's table.
- Were the rules to blame for this? No, sir; it was
J the majority of the House who were to blame,
who determined, rather than transact the business
which was accumulating, they would make i
speeches in the Committee of the Whole. There
began the difficulty. Will gentlemen, therefore,
I repeat, charge it to the rules or to themselves?
The Committee on Public Lands has come
in for its full share of condemnation for retarding
the business of Congress, especially in this House.
Let us look a little to that. I desire, inasmuch as
this matter is to go to the country on the speech
of the gentleman from North Carolina, that we
shall show where the blame does rest. No sooner
was a bill introduced from the •Committee on
Public Lands, than its opponents resorted to
every possible means to prevent a direct vote be-
ing had on it.
Mr. AVERETT. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a single remark ?
Mr. STUART. I will yield to the gentleman
in a moment. I only desire to say before I do it,
that one of the most serious evils which exist in
this House is the constant liability to interruption.
A gentleman is confined to an hour's speech, no
matter how extensive the subject, and he cannot
speak continuously five minutes without some one
desiring to interrupt him. I do not mean to ex-
culpate myself from this practice. I shall yield
the floor to my friend from Virginia [Mr. Aver-
ett] with great pleasure, but I will preface it by
saying, that I shall call the attention of the House
j to this matter as one of the most serious evils
' which exist here.
Mr. AVERETT. The remark which I wish
to make is this: It is a matter of history that the
Committee on Public Lands at the last session of
Congress, monopolized two thirds of the session.
How and why ? By starting out upon the ab-
straction, (as would have been charged to any of
my South Carolina friends if they had pursued
a like course,) that if you refer a matter to the
Committee of the Whole, it would be killed, and
therefore they moved the immediate passage of the
bills without subjecting them to an ordeal which
would give us the right of free discussion—that
would have exposed the iniquity of the thing in
such a manner as would have awakened " Bun-
combe" to a proper sense of the immorality of the
whole scheme. That is what I mean to say.
Mr. STUART. If gentlemen will allow me a
few minutes, they will find that I do not assume
to be the advocate of the Committee on Public
Lands, or any other committee in the House, or
any gentleman in the House; nor am I assuming
to-day to censure the House, or any one in it.
My object is to have, in connection with the
speech .of the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Venable,] a history of the action of the
House go before the country. Rut I will return
to what I was remarking before. It is unfair and
unjust, because it is untrue, to charge the Com-
mittee on Public Lands with throwing any ob-
stacle in the way of the disposition of the busi-
ness before the House at the last and the present
session of Congress. I repeat, the opponents of
these measures resorted to every parliamentary
maneuver to prevent a vote upon the bill. I ask
you, Mr. Chairman,—I ask any gentleman in this
House,—how long it would have taken to have
finished the business of receiving reports from
committees, if you had followed the course which
; the Committee on Public Lands saw fit to adopt?
j I beg to say again, that I neither sanction nor con-
i demn it. I do not intend to pass opinion upon it
at all; but if you had sustained the previous ques-
tion, it would have brought you to a direct vote on
engrossing the bill, and it would have taken but
thirty minutes to determine whether the bill should
pass or not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee.' The question
which I wish to ask the gentleman is this: If
there was ever an opportunity afforded to any
member of this House opposed to the bill to which
; he refers, to get the floor upon it? Did not the
| person who reported any of these railroad bills
j farm out his time for some other gentleman to in-
terrogate him, and before the close of his hour the
previous question would be called ;
Mr. STUART. 1 am surprised that the gen-
tleman from Tennessee has so very short a mem-
ory. Does not he know that every one of these
: bills was drafted upon the same model, and that
j the Missouri land bill, introduced at the com-
I mencement of the session, wa^the model for all
the rest ? Does he not know that the Missouri
land bill was discussed here fully and fairly be-
fore the chairman of the committee who had it in
charge demanded the previous question upon it?
The whole subject was discussed, and I say that
the House was as well informed upon the prin-
ciple involved in these bills, as they could be after
three months' discussion. It is the opponents of
the bill, and not the Committee on Public Lands,
who ought to suffer for the delay of business on
that account.
Mr. CEAN. I understand the gentleman to
make the assertion that the opponents of the land
bill had the opportunity of being heard before the
House. My recollection is, that no man has been
able to obtain the floor in this House who was op-
posed to these bills. Mr. Bennett, who was a
member of the Committee on Public Lands, re-
ported another bill, the design of which was to
embrace all the bills.
Mr. CLARK. Did not the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Jenkins] make a speech? Did
not the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Fuller] make
a speech against the bills ?
Mr. DEAN. Within my own recollection, for
two months after the committee had the floor du-
ring the morning hour, I attempted to get it, but
never could, and no one opposed to the bill could
do it. I recollect, distinctly, that in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union several
