1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
637
individuals made speeches against it, but not one j
before the House. The friends only of the bill .
had the floor there.
Mr. HALL. I am perfectly indifferent about
this matter. It has all gone by, and it is appa-
rently lost time to talk about it; but I wish to call
the attention of the gentleman from New York to
this fact, that his colleague, Mr. Bennett, did,
in this House, while the Missouri land bill was
pending, not only make a speech, but a very able
speech against it.
Mr. DEAN. If he did, I did not hear him, and
I never heard of it before. And Mr. Bennett is
a member of the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. STUART. It is not important whether
the gentleman from New York heard it or not.
We know such a thing occurred here, and we all
know that the truth of the remark I made cannot
be denied. The chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands, when he reported the Missouri land
bill, said he was intending to allow full and fair
discussion upon that bill, inasmuch as it was the
pioneer bill; that subsequent ones would be re-
ported upon the same principle, and that when it
had been fairly discussed, he intended to move the
previous question, and he asked gentlemen to either
vote it down or pass it, but not to refer it to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
If the gentleman from New York [Mr. Dean] did
not hear it, it is not the fault of the House and
country. The gentleman will recollect that he
■went home a great many times during the last
session. Very likely these things occurred when
he was absent. Those who were here heard it.
Mt. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to ask
the gentleman from Michigan a question, for the
purpose of keeping all the facts right in the legis-
lative history of the homestead bill. Does the
gentleman know on what day the special order
commenced, and on what day the bill finally passed
the House?
Mr. STUART. I cannot answer that precisely,
nor is the length of time important to my argument.
Mr. JOHNSON. How, then, can the gentle-
man assert so positively in his speech that it was
u about four months," and that, too, to the exclu-
sion of all other business ? If the gentleman is
familiar with all the facts connected with this
special order, he has stated that which he ought
to have known was untrue. If he was not famil-
iar with them, he ought not to have asserted that
which he does not know. The facts do not sustain
the gentleman in his broad assertions in reference
to the homestead bill. It was made the special
order for the first Tuesday in March, and finally
passed the House on the 12th day of May, a few
days over two months instead of four;.and be-
sides, much of this two months was appropriated
to other business—at times passing it over by gen-
eral consent; and never in a single instance, if
memory serves me aright, was the morning hour
cut off by a motion to go into the Committee of
the Whole House on the state of the Union, for
the purpose of considering the homestead bill.
These are the fact? as they occurred, and I desire
them to go to the country with the gentleman's
speech.
Mr. STUART. It is very polite, when a gen- .
tleman asks another to yield the floor, to conclude
his remarks with something of personal disre-
spect.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not intend my remarks i
as personal, but they are stated as facts.
Mr. STUART. If the gentleman has treated
my courtesy satisfactorily to himself, he has treat-
ed it entirely so to me, for I adopt in the 'fullest
sense the maxim of Lord Chesterfield, that " a :
well-bred man will never insult me, and none other
can."
Mr. JOHNSON. If the gentleman intends to
make any personal allusions to me, there are other
places——
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must not
indulge in personalities. j
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not intend to do so. j
My intention was not to make personal allusion
to the gentleman from Michigan,but it was to set
the facts right, and as the record bears me out in
stating.
The gentleman complains that I have abused
the courtesy he extended to me by concluding my
remarks with a personality, and attempts to throw
it back by a quotation of some poetry he attributes
to Lord Chesterfield. The gentleman has fallen
into as great an error in this attempt to throw off
a little crumb of literature, both as to the correct- |
ness of the quotation and the authorship, as he did
in regard to the facts with reference to the special
order. I will now quote from Cowper's Con-
versation, in reply to the gentleman's intended
personality, the correct reading:
" Am I to set my life upon a throw,
Because a bear is rude and surly ? No!
A moral, sensible,and well-bred man,
Will not affront me, and no'otliei can."
[Laughter.]
In conclusion, I repeat what I said in the first
instance, that if the gentleman is familiar with all
the facts connected with the special order referred
to, he has stated what he ought to have known
was untrue; and if he was not familiar with them,
he ought not to have asserted that which he aid
not know; and the gentleman is at liberty to take
that horn of the dilemma which suits him best. I
have made the statement I did, believing that the
truth would be at all times both courteous and re-
spectful.*
Mr. STUART. If the gentleman is as fortu-
nate in his poetry as he isin his etiquette, it would
ill become me to undertake to cope with him in re-
spect to either. Notwithstanding, I think Lord
Chesterfield did use the remark to which I referred.
I have always endeavored on this floor to treat
gentlemen withpersonal respect,but whenagen tie-
man says to me that it is my duty before I rise
and undertake to state facts to the House, to know
that they are facts, and that if I state them with-
out knowledge I am guilty of ignorance, and that
if I state them with knowledge incorrectly, I state
that which I know to be untrue, he must have
more ingenuity than I have in making the appli-
cation, if there is nothing personal in the remarks.
: I shall continue the same course of treatment
•Note.—The resolution of Congress, authorizing its de-
bates to be published, says : " Provided, The report of said
debates shall be subject to the revision of the speakers."
Under this authority, Mr. Johnson revised his remarks
published above. Mr. Stdart insists that in debates which
are personal, the remarks, as written out by the Reporters,
shall be published. They are as follows:
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. J wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Michigan a question, for the purpose of setting
this matter right. The question I ask, is this: What day
the homestead bill was set apart and made the special order ?
Then I wish him to answer what day it passed.
Mr. STUART. I cannot answer that precisely.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understood the gentleman to say that
it was made the special order for four months.
Mr. STUART. No, sir; I said about four months.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 understood the gentleman to say this
I in his speech. The homestead bill was made the special
I order on the first Tuesday of March, and it passed on the
first of May. During the two months in which it was a
special order, the business of the morning hour was regu-
larly disposed of, and a great deal of other business trans-
acted in the time when the homestead bill was not under
! consideration. It was postponed from day to day, and
many speeches were made in the Committee of the Whole,
which would have been made upon other subjects, and
! which are not attributable to the homestead bill at all. I
1 wish to say one thing. That when a gentleman gets up,
states things as facts, and makes round assertions, he ought
to know what he is stating. If the gentleman did not know
when the special order was acted upon, and vftiertfhe bill
was passed by Congress, lie ought not to have stated that
which he did not know. If he knew when it was made a
special order, and when it was passed, he stated that which
was untrue.
Mr. STUART. It is very polite when a gentleman asks
another to yield the floor, to conclude his remarks with
something of personal disrespect.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not intend my remarks as per-
sonal, but they are stated as facts.
Mr. STUART. If the gentleman lias treated my cour-
tesy satisfactorily to himself, he has treated it entirely so to
me for I adopt in the fullest sense the maxim of Lord
Chesterfield that, " A well bred man ne'er will insult me,
and none other can."
Mr. JOHNSON. If the gentleman intends to make any
personal allusions to me, there are other places 
The CHAIRMAtJ. The gentleman must not indulge in
^Mr^JOIOJSON. I did not intend to do so. My inten-
tion was not to make personal allusion to the gentleman
from Michigan, but it was to set the facts right, and as the
record bears me out in stating. I state another fact: that no
gentleman ought to state a thing which he does not know,
and ifhe does know it, he ought not to state it different from
what it is. Can the gentleman consider that as anything
nersonal' I wish to correct him again, by his permis-
sion. The gentleman, by way of showing off a little
literature makes a quotation which he attributes to Lord
Chesterfield, but the credit of which should be given m fact
! toCowper. [Laughter.] And if the gentleman will per-
mit me, I will reply to his remark, not in a personal sense,
but in his language :
i "Am I to set my life upon a throw,
I Because a bear is rude and surly ' No!
A moral, sensible, and well-bred man
' Will not affront tne, and no other can."
| [Laughter.]
which has characterized my conduct since I have
had a seat in this House. I have felt proud in
saying in private conversation, what I now say to
the House and country, that the most agreeable
business portion of my life has been spent here.
I have been proud to be the associate of some
three hundred members of Congress—more or
less—always upon good terms. I have been proud
of their society and grateful for their repeated
kindness, and prouder still of the estimation in
which they have been pleased to hold me. And,
sir, whether I shall live thirty years or thirty -
minutes, I shall ever cherish these feelings, and
there will be no association upon which I shall
have more agreeable reflections in my last moments
than that to which I have referred.
But, sir, we have wandered far from the subject
of my remarks. Let us return to it. I had said
all I desired to say with regard to the Committee
on Public Lands, but I was about to allude to a
fact which is known to the whole country. The
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Bennett,] a
member of that committee, reported a bill which
the committee had directed him to report, with a
recommendation that it do not pass. But that rec-
ommendation was not made known to the House
until the bill had been so far considered that the
Speaker declared, upon my suggestion, that it was
too late to have made it available; and, sir, that
measure was passed, under the pressure of the
previous question, without any gentleman having
an opportunity to utter a word against it.
Mr. BENNETT, (interrupting.) As this seems
to be a general time of explanations and correc-
tions, I must correct an error into which the gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] has no doubt
quite unintentionally fallen. He says the recom-
mendation of the Land Committee, that the land
bill introduced by me at the last session should
not pass, was not stated by me to the House at
the time the bill was first reported, and not until
it was too late to object to it on that account. It
was stated when the bill was first reported, and
objections were made to it on that account, and
overruled by the Speaker, and that decision sus-
tained by the House on appeal. So the gentleman
is mistaken. One other word in reply to a state-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Dean,] that this bill was to make a general distri-
bution of all the public land. It proposed no such
thing. It only proposed to equalize the grants
made to the States—to give to all what a part had
had, and would only take sixty millions out of
one billion four hundred millions of acres, and did
not seek to dispose of the public lands.
Mr. STUART, (continuing.) I beg the gen-
tleman from New York to understand that in the
remark which I made I did not design to cast any
censure upon him; not at all. I am only reciting
the history of this Congress, as-far as the House
of Representatives is concerned; and as the gen-
1 tleman now says that he did, on reporting the bill,
make known to the House the recommendation
of the committee, I must concede that it was so;
though I assure him it was not so understood by
me or the House generally, and I gave to him my
undivided attention during the whole proceeding.
For, when I subsequently made the point myself,
that the report of the committee was the first ques-
tion in order, the Speaker decided that it was too
late to make the question, and the House was
brought to a vote upon that bill, without there be-
jn<r any opportunity to have it discussed at all.
Well, sir, what followed? The friends of that
bill took the ground that no railroad bill should
pass until the Senate passed that bill; and they
resorted to all the powers that astute gentlemen
can exercise, under the rules of this House, to
prevent a direct vote being had upon any railroad
bill. The consequence is, that from that day to
!' this there has not been a direct vote had upon
any railroad bill, except upon the bills granting
1 lands to the States of Missouri and Arkansas for
that purpose. Whenever a bill of that character
has come before the House, there have been mo-
tions for a call of the House, motions to adjourn,
motions to lay the bill upon the table, and every-
thing else that would keep the bill at a point where
the morning hour would expire, and send it to
the table, where, by the very course that was
being pursued, that bill would be past the hope of
resurrection •
Mr. CARTTER, (interrupting.) With the
permission of the gentleman from Michigan, 1 de-
