1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
639
I have allowed in my remarks upon the present
occasion—that of farming out the floor to every-
body to speak disjointedly and disconnectedly for
two or three minutes; allowing a member to say
half he wants to say, and thus rendering most of
our debates incomplete and unsatisfactory, and in
many cases unintelligible also.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. NEWTON. Mr. Chairman, I am much
obliged for the floor, as I have been striving for it
for the last year to make the few remarks I now
have an opportunity of making under very dis-
advantageous circumstances. The committee of
which I am a member have had before them vari-
ous measures for the improvement of agricul-
ture, and have been prepared for a long time to
report, but have had no opportunity.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man to allow me,to say that I have been here a
good while, and have seen a great deal of time
consumed unnecessarily, but I think I have never
seen it more uselessly consumed than it has been
to-day since you, Mr. Chairman, took that chair.
[Laughter.] Now, if the gentleman from Ohio
will yield me the floor for that purpose, being sat-
isfied that there are no speeches to be made upon
the bill before the committee, I will move that the
committee rise, with a view of terminating debate
upon this bill. Then let it go on under the five
minutes rule.
Air. NEWTON. I do not yield the floor for
any such purpose.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I would inquire of
the gentleman from Tennessee at what hour he
proposes to terminate debate?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order, unless the gentleman from Ohio yields the
floor
Mr. GOODENOW. If the gentleman will yield
me the floor, I will move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. NEWTON. I will yield for that purpose,
if the committee desire it.
Mr. GOODENOW. I submit that motion.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. NEWTON then addressed the Senate at
length in favor of the homestead bill. [His speech
will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. BAYLY", of Virginia. I desire to submit
some remarks.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
will yield, I will move that the committee do now
rise, and as he has got the floor, I will move when
we get into the House that debate shall be closed
on the bill under consideration in the Committee
of the Whole in one hour after its consideration
shall be again resumed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. We have shown such a
disposition to work to-day, that it would be a
pity to do it. [Laughter.]
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed* the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Okr) reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had the state of the
Union generally underfconsideration, and partic-
ularly House bill No. 350, making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1854, and had directed him to report the same j
back to the House, with the recommendation that !
it do pass; and also the bill making appropri- i
ations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of !
the Government, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the Post Office
appropriation -bill be put on its passage, and on
that motion call for the previous question.
Mr. OLDS. I trust the gentleman will not
call for the previous question, as I have some
amendments which I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to offer
to it, but which I had not an opportunity to offer,
as the bill was considered in committee, and laid
aside in my absence.
Mr. STANLY. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose that the gentle-
man from North Carolina will be willing that "the
main question shall bp ordered before weadjourn.
Mr. STANLY. There is no quorum present,
and the gentleman from Ohio, the chairman of the
Post Office Committee, wants to offer some amend-
ments.
Mr. OLDS. Yes, sir; amendments with the
recommendation of the Postmaster General, and
the Post Office Committee of this House. •
Mr. HOUSTON. I will withdraw the call for
the previous question, and move to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Ways and Means, if the
gentleman will withdraw his motion to adjourn.
Mr. STANLY. I will withdraw the motion to
adjourn for that purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I submit that motion,
and call for the previous question on it.
Mr. STANLY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to,and the House there-
upon adjourned until to-morrow at eleven o'clock
a. m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. KUIINS : The petition of citizens of Maryland
and Pennsylvania, praying for a mail route from Cumber-
land, Maryland, to Robmsonville, Pennsylvania.
Also, the petition of John J. Houseman, of Westmoreland
county, Pennsylvania, a soldier of the war of 1812, praying
for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Edward Gilchrist, of Westmoreland
county, Pennsylvania, a soldier of the war of 1812, praying
for a pension.
By Mr. IIOLLADAY : The petition of Philip Lightfoot,
heir of Lieutenant Philip Lightfoot, praying for commuta-
tion pay.
By Mr. SABINE : The petition of the clerks in the Patent
Office, praying that the additional compensation allowed
by an act passed at the last session may be continued.
By Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania: A petition for in-
creased quantity of bounty land to the soldiers of 1812.
Also, a petition for the establishment of a post route from
Safe Harbor to Mastic, in Lancaster county.
By Mr. CABLE, of Ohio: The petition of citizens of
Steubenville, Ohio, for a repeal of the fugitive slave law.
By Mr. WALSH : The memorials of Moore N. Falls
and others, praying a modification of the steamboat law.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 16, 1853.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
> The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the War Depart-
ment, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
the 4th of January, submitting a report of the
board of officers recently appointed to make a
survey and examination of the various plans for
canals around the Falls of the Ohio; which was
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
and ordered to be printed.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
On the motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate
postponed all prior orders of business, and pro-
iceeded,as in Committee of the Whole, to the
j consideration of the bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the service of the fiscal year ending the
30th June, 1853, the pending question being on
the motion made by Mr. Walker to amend the
bill by striking out of the appropriation for the
completion of the census the following words:
"Out of which the Superintendent of the Census shall
be allowed a compensation at the rate of $3,000 per an-
num, from the time his salary as Secretary of the Census
Board ceased."
Mr. HUNTER. Before we go into these
amendments, I hope 1 may be allowed to express
the wish that we may push this bill on to a vote
to-day. I hope there will be no debate upon it,
except what may be actually necessary to explain
the bearing and meaning of the amendments which
may be offered. There are some amendments
which have been made which I should have re-
sisted if I had had time to do it; but I did not
wish to occupy the time of the Senate.
Mr. DOWNS. I do not wish to take up time
in debating this amendment, but I wish to state,
as the subject was once before the Committee on
the Judiciary, of which I was then and am yet a
member, that I concur entirely in the views taken
vesterday by the Senator from New Jersey [Mr.
Miller] and the Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Dawson] on this subject.
I have never, during the time I have been in the
Senate of the United States, seen so much fuss
made about so small a matter, as there has been
in regard to this little affair. We have had it up,
I believe, half a dozen times, and people would
suppose from theinterest which some individuals
take in it, that the safety of the Union depended
upon it; whereas the whole matter, from begin-
ning to end, has never been anything else but the
question whether Mr. Kennedy should receive a
salary of §2,500 or $3,000 for his office as Su-
perintendent of the Census. It never did, and
never could amount to anything more. There are
some persons who are unfriendly to this gentle-
man, who contend that he has been claiming a
double salary as Secretary of the Census Board
and Superintendent of the Census. He disavowed
any such purpose before the committee, and he
has disavowed it on all occasions. I do not see,
therefore, how it can properly be brought in here
to prejudice the case.
As stated yesterday by the Senator from Geor-
gia, the salary of theSuperintendent oftheCensua
was fixed originally at $2,500. For a consider-
able length of time after he was appointed to that
office, Mr. Kennedy performed the duties ofSecre-
tary of the Census Board, which had not then been
dissolved, for which a salary of $3,000 was allowed.
He never claimed the two salaries, but the Secre-
tary of the Interior thought, and I believe very
correctly, that under the circumstances he was en-
titled to the hiaher salary of $3,000. The Census
Board has now been dissolved, and it depends on
Congress to say whether the services of Mr. J. C.
G. Kennedy are worth $3,000 or not. That is
the whole question.
It was said by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] yesterday, that the
House had acted on this matter, and had agreed
to the joint resolution passed by the Senate fixing
the salary at $2,500. It is true that they did act
upon it and passed it; but I presume they did it
in the same manner that the Senate did, without
looking particularly into the subject. But when
the deficiency bill was brought before the House
of Representatives, containing an appropriation
for the completion of the census, the matter was.
i explained to the House, and they saw that there was
' justice and propriety in allowing Mr. Kennedy
i the salary of $3,000, and they have accordingly
inserted an appropriation for that purpose. I see
no reason why the Senate should not concur in
that action. I do not go into the question whether
the Superintendent of the Census has performed
his duties properly, or whether his report is to be
adopted or not; but he has been in office, he holds
the office, and this is a fair and reasonable com-
pensation. The question is submitted whether
he shall have it or not. Why should he not have
| it ? I can certainly see no reason why the time of
j Congress should betaken up in debating this mat-
: ter. On every occasion when the question comes
up, the actual expense incurred by the delay of
the business of Congress in debating it will cost
three times as much as the additional $500 that
Mr. Kennedy claims. I hope, therefore, that we
shall not consume further time on it, but that the
provision will be retained as it has come to us
from the House.
Mr. JAMES. I will not occupy the time of
the Senate more than a moment. I merely wish
to state that I accord fully and entirely with the
views of the honorable Senator from Louisiana.
Mr BUTLER. This calls me up very unin-
tentionally. I have said nothing upon this sub-
ject during this debate, and I do not intend to do
so. I make no charge against Mr. Kennedy; for
from his explanation, I presume it was ionrt fide
his intention only to claim the $3,000. Now, I
say, not as a lawyer, but I would say it any way,
that under the law, as prepared and submitted to
the committee, he could have received by any
construction of it a double salary.
Mr. DOWNS. He did not claim it.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not know whether he
claimed it or not, but I say the bill was so drawn
up—and I believe it was drawn up by him—as to
allow htm to receive it.
Mr. WALKER. The Senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Downs] has made some remarks which,
while I believe he did not intend they should be
construed unkindly, yet bear that construction.
He says, that from the interest manifested by cer-
tain persons,—seeming to emphasize the term,—
whenever this matter has been brought before the
Senate, the fair inference is that there is some dis-
like—some enmity entertained by individuals to-
wards Mr. Kennedy, the Superintendent of the
Census.
Mr. DOWNS. I had. not the least reference to
