642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16,
reported to the Senate and passed this body. It
went to the House, and was passed there also.
Nobody discovered that the Treasury was ruined,
or that great frauds were being committed upon
it. The bill was discussed on other points, in the |
House, and perhaps on this point also. But this i
great cause of alarm and danger in the bill was
not discovered until it was passed. After the bill
had passed, it was discovered. I believe it never
would have been discovered in either House of
Congress but a for certain officer of this Govern-
ment, who thought that the payments made by
the Government must depend upon his fiat. The
Comptroller who had had a controversy with the
Secretary of the Interior, and had this question
decided against him, was still obstinate, and came
baok here with a great bug-bear that this was a
great fraud, that Mr. Kennedy would receive a
salary of $2,500 and another of $3,000.
I recollect, with the zeal which he evinces now,
the Senator from Massachusetts came to me as
acting chairman of theCommittee on the Judiciary,
in the absence of the chairman, to explain the
wonderful outrage which was likely to be com-
mitted, and the great oversight which the com-
mittee had made. I looked into the matter, and
told him I thought he was mistaken. Mr. Ken-
nedy disavowed, in the most emphatic terms, any
intention to claim more than $3,000. It satisfied
me at the time that there was nothing in this great
scare-crow, and I refused, and other members of
the committee refused, to take the matter up. I
preferred to let the Senator from Massachusetts,
if he chose to get himself into a controversy with
his Whig brethren, to do so, and that we should
take no part in it. Of so little importance did I
consider it, that when his joint resolution was in-
troduced, I said nothingon the subject. I did not
fee! myself called npon to say anything. I did
not feel myself personally involved in the matter
at that time at all. The resolution therefore passed
without much notice I believe from anybody, ex-
cept the Senator from Massachusetts. Afterwards
some explanation took place, first when I was
absent from the Senate, and then when I was here.
On the latter occasion, I gave the same explana-
tion which I give now, that the bill did not admit
of the construction which the Comptroller of the
Treasury and the Senator from Massachusetts,
•aid it did.
The resolution of the honorable Senator fc. m
Massachusetts passed the Senate, but it did not
pass the House. He says—and he brings that
charge against Mr. Kennedy—that after the reso-
lution passed the Senate, when it did not pass
the House, the Secretary of the Interior allowed
the salary to be paid at $3,000, and because some
officer would nnt pass ft, he turned him out.
Now, Mr. President, the gentleman's arguments
are very inconsistent. They look exactly differ-
ent ways. If the law which was reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary was in force,anu cer-
tainly it was, Mr. Kennedy was entitled to $3,000.
Then it was the law. Mr. Kennedy was per- !
fectly right in claiming the $3,000, and the Secre-
tary of the Interior was perfectly right in allow-
ing it; and if there was a subordinate in the office j
that would not carry out the provision of the law |
made expressly for that purpose, I say the Secre- !
tary of the Interior was perfectly right in turning j
him out; for I do not know how the law was to
be executed in any other way when the officer re-
fused to do it. If there be *anv justification for 1
turning out of office, it is on that very ground. !
That was the law, and the gentleman's resolution j
had never passed. How was the Secretary of the
Treasury to deem it as passed when it had not
passed the House? which amounted to a rejection, !
particularly after the explanation which had been
made in the Senate, which rendered it very prob-
able that if this subject had been pressed before
the Senate, it would not have passed here origin-
ally.
_ I say, then, Mr. President, though I do not con-
sider Mr. Kennedy as having anything to do with
this matter, that the law which was passed by the
two Houses of Congress at the last session, au-
thorizing the payment at the rate of $3,000, made
it perfectly natural that Mr. Kennedy should
claim it, and perfectly natural and justifiable for
the Slbretary to remove the officer who disobeyed
him, because he could not otherwise carry out the
law passed by the Legislature; and I know of no
rule by which an officer of the Government is to
delay the execution of an existing law, because a
proposition is pending before one House of Con-
gress to change it.
That is the true state of things. The Senate
will see how I am drawn into this. I do not ap- 1
pear as the advocate of Mr. Kennedy, the Secre-
tary of the Interior, or anybody else; but to vindi- :
cate my own conduct, and to show that the ob-
ject, so far as I am connected with it, is to settle
a doubtful question as to whether this officer was
entitled to $3,500 or $3,000.
And here I would remark to my friend from |
Texas, that he is mistaken with regard to the !
object of this provision in the appropriation bill. ,
It is not to increase a salary, or to carry the salary j
back in point of time. It is to explain a doubt 1
about the law, to say whether the construction
placed upon it by the Secretary of the Interior was |
right or not. Both Houses of Congress have given ,
their decision in favor of his construction, and one
has sanctioned it twice, by the nassage of the bill
at the last session. It is true, that through inad-
vertency, or from not understanding the subject,
the Senate at the last session passed the resolution
of the honorable Senator from Massachusetts. But
now, when the subject has been brought to the
knowledge of the House of Representatives, they
have come to the same conclusion that the com-
mittee of the Senate originally came to, and have
adopted this provision in the deficiency bill, which
is the same provision that was in the census bill of
the last session. I can see nothing in this which
requires so much animadversion from the Senator
from Massachusetts. I am drawn into this mat-
ter, as the Senate see, by the connection which I
have had with the bill, and not from any other
reason. 1 did the act at first without supposing
there was any design in it. Certainly, so far as
Mr. Kennedy is concerned, he always disavowed
any intention of claiming a double salary, and I
believe the resolution of the last session would
never have passed the Senate, if the impression
had not been made that two salaries might be
drawn. That was disavowed at the time, and is
now disavowed, and is not connected with this,
question. The question is, whether, under the
circumstances, it is fair and proper to pay a salary
of $3,000 instead of one of $2,500. I thought that
under the circumstances it should be paid, and so
I sanctioned the bill, and shall vote against the
amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY. I hope the debate will ter-
minate, and that we shall have the question taken, j
The question raised by the amendment is simoly
whether we will pay a salary of $2,500 or $3,000
to the Superintendent of the Census. It does not
involve properly the question of the great ex-
penditure which has been made in taking the cen-
sus; that grew out of other causes. It would
seem as if we had debated this question about long
enough. It has been said that there has been im-
portunity manifested, and that Congress has al-
ready indicated its purpose in this matter. It is
true Congress passed an act authorizing the pay-
ment of $3,000 in order to settle a doubtful ques-
I tion. At the last session a resolution was intro-
I duced limiting th6 salary to $2,500, and it was
advocated, as I understand, upon the ground that
without it, the Superintendent would be entitled to
two salaries; and it passed this body, and, as I
understand, the House, under the belief that un-
less it was passed the Superintendent would be
entitled to receive two salaries. Since that time
the House has fixed the salary at $3,000 upon this
bill, which has come to us in that shape, and I
submit to the Senator whether it is worth while to
occupy any longer time in attempting to reduce
the salary of that officer.
Mr. RUSK. It is perfectly evident that we
cannot cpme to a vote upon this bill to-day. I
therefore move to postpone its further considera-
tion until to-morrow.
Several Senators . Let us take the vote on this
amendment.
Mr. RUSK. Several Senators desire to discuss
it. I therefore move to postpone the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I have something to say on
that motion. I hope the Senate will not postpone
it. Why should we postpone one 6f the general
appropriation bills to take up any other bill ? Is
it not entitled to the time of the Senate as much
as any other bill ? Is it not one of the bills which,
if we are to have debate, ought to be debated as
much as any other? Are we to lay this aside be-
cause Senators are debating its provisions, and its
provisions are multiform and various, and take up
Hnotherdebutable question—a question upon which
I venture to predict there will be no action at this
session ? Are we now, when we have but twelve
or fourteen days of the session left to transact the
indispensable general business of the country, to
lay the general appropriation bills aside and take
up other debatable questions ? 1 hope it will not
be done. If it is, the result will be that the gen-
eral appropriation bills will be delayed until the
last two or three days of the session, and then
they will have to be passed without knowing any-
thing about them. Amendments of importance
will depend, not upon what may be the will of
the two Houses, or upon their merits, but upon
whether our Secretary will have the physical
ability to get from one House to the other. I
hope the motion of the Senator will be voted
down. •
Mr. RUSK. The honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia availed himself of my aid to get up this bill,
when the special order of the day for twelve o 'clock
was the Pacific railroad bill; and now he turns
round and avails himself of the aid I have rendered
to take up his bill in the morning hour, and uses
that against the getting up of the special order,
and for the postponing of it not only for the ap-
propriation Dills, but for abstract questions. The
further continuance of the debate upon this ques-
tion this morning will decide the fate of the Pa-
cific- railroad bill; and as a test question upon that
subject, if the Senate determine not to consider it,
I ask for the yeas and nays on the motion to post-
pone the deficiency bill for the purpose of taking
up the railroad bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say to the Senator from
Texas that I availed myself of no aid of his, ex-
cept that he voted to take up the deficiency bill.
I suppose he is as much interested in this bill as 1
am. It is indispensable to pass it, for the ma-
chinery of the Government to move at all.
Mr. ADAMS. I would suggest a compromise
between the conflicting claims for the consideration
of the Senate, that this subject be continued until
one o'clock, the usual morning hour, with the un-
derstanding that if it is not then disposed of, the
Senator from Texas shall renew his motion.
Mr. RUSK. At one o'clock there is another
special order, the interminable Tehuantepec matter.
Mr. HOUSTON. Before the postponement of
this subject, I wish to state some facts to the .Sen-
ate, in relation to the motion submitted by the
Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. HUNTER. Let the question be taken on
the motion to postpone first. The Senator from
Texas [Mr. Rusk] calls for the yeas and nays,
and 1 hope the Senate will decide whether they
will go on with the deficiency bill, or with his bill.
I do not desire to be pertinacious. Whatever the
Senate determine upon, I shall submit to its decis-
ion with a good grace.
Mr. MALLORY. As the yeas and nays are
| called, 1 wish to say why I shall vote for continu-
ing the deficiency bill. There is an eminent pro-
priety in what has fallen from the Senator from
I Virginia. At the last session we made on one
j of the appropriation bills some forty amendments,
i which were all stricken out by the House. A
j committee of conference was agreed to, and that
committee, sitting till two o'clock in the morning,
finished the business, and saved the bill barely by
' about two minutes. If discussion is to be had at
all, it is better that it should be had upon those
bills upon which the legislation of the country
must necessarily depend. I want to hear the Pa-
cific railroad bill discussed, and should desire to
! see it taken up; but as the yeas and nays are
' called for, I shall vote to proceed with the defi-
ciency bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I shall vote to continue the de-
bate on this bill until we can get through with it;
and I desire to make a remark in connection with
this subject, and in reference to what took plaee at
the last session. I recollect it was then proclaimed
to the Senate that certain great bills should be dis-
cussed, and passed, with the declaration that the
appropriation bills would take care of themselves,
and no doubt they would be passed whether they
were discussed or not. The fact is, that when the
money of the Government is to be appropriated,
we are to do itupon faith, without discussion, and
these great projects are to be passed, 1 suppose,
either on account of their merits, or the number
