1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
645
that item. I have, upon consultation with the Sen-
ator from Virginia and others, prepared an amend- j
ment, which 1 think will be acquiesced in, and
which will accomplish the purpose I had in view,
not to discontinue the work, but simply to suspend
temporarily the use of the money, and my propo-
sition is to add as an additional proviso to the one
adopted yesterday, the following:
" .hi' provided further, That no part of this appropria-
tioa slialfbe expended for any purpose during the present
quarter ol" the fiscal year.'"
Upon my motion yesterday, the provision was
amended by changing the direction of the disburse-
ment, or rather of the hands by which the money
should be disbursed, and requiring it to be dis-
bursed as other public moneys. The object of
this amendment is to suspend the work until the
commencement of the next quarter, which will be
the first of April. I believe the Senator from Vir-
ginia acquiesces in this.
Mr. HUNTER. I agree to that amendment.
I think it proper to say, however, that, in doing
so, I mean to cast no reflection upon the present
Architect. I know nothing in relation to his con-
duct in this matter; but what little I do know of
him has been in his favor; but I agree to that, in
deference to the committee of inquiry of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not exactly under-
stand this matter, sir. The Architect laid before
the committee appointed to investigate this subject,
the manner in which the accounts were kept; and
according to the communication which he made,
it seems to me that there is the utmost propriety
in transacting that branch of the business. He
stated to us, and other information was communi-
cated corroborating his statement—that there are
time-keepers appointed to ascertain the work per
day which the various hands employed about
these buildings do. These time-keepers keep their
books, and after keeping them in this way, the
books are presented to a clerk in the Architect's
office, and from the books of the time-keepers he
makes out the accounts, showing how much money
each individual workman is entitled to. , These
accounts are the basis upon which what are called
" tickets" are issued. Each individual workman,
when the roll i.3 called, draws his ticTtSt^ and then,
upon the presentation of that ticket, made out
from the book of the time-keeper, the man draws
his pay, and gives a recept in person, sometimes,
but most generally a receipt is given by putting
his hand through a hole where the money is
handed to him, and the workman makes a mark, ;
which is his receipt for the payment of the money, j
That is the way in which the workmen have
been paid; and it seems to me a very good system '
to prevent mistakes. i
Then, in regard to the amount of money, the
Architect stated—and there has been nothing yet to 1
contradict his statement—that he did not draw all i
the money appropriated, and deposit it in bank to
his own credit, so that he could have the control
and use of the appropriations made by Congress, as 1
of his own money, but that he drew periodically.
He drew as the accounts which had been handed
in were required to be paid. When it became ne-
cessary to have some funds on hand to pay the
weekly or monthly accruing accounts, he would
make drafts on the Treasury. He stated the fact,
that every time a large sum was drawn from the
Treasury by him—except the amount of the first
draft to begin with, and his drafts scarcely ever
exceeded $20,000 or $30,000—the vouchers upon
which the previous moneys were paid out, were
surrendered and the accounts settled.
This was a system of doing business which met
my entire approbation, and it showed that the
Architect did not draw the money from the Treas-
ury and deposit it in bank to his own credit, so
that he could use it. He showed that every time
he drew a new sum the vouchers accounting for
the payment of the old sum were surrendered. I
say that system met my entire approbation, for
I saw that no fraud could be committed in it.
What will be the effect of this amendment? Its
effect will be to suspend all operations until the
end of this quarter. I believe the weather has
suspended the work in its progress now, and I
think most of the hands have been discharged,
though there may besome who have been retained.
I do not know exactly how that matter stands.
But in regard to the payment for the materials
which have been furnished, and in regard to the j
] fulfillment of the contracts which have been made, 1
you may, by the adoption of this amendment, for
aught I know, compel the Government to repudi-
ate its contracts. I know my friend from Arkan-
sas does not want anything of that sort. Suppose
the materials are delivered—the granite, the mar-
ble, the stone, or anything else, according to the
contracts which may have been entered into. It
may be a very great inconvenience to the contract-
ors to do without their money; and if we were
not to pay it, that might furnish the foundation of
a claim hereafter for damages; and we know that
wherever the Government refuses to comply punc-
tually with its contracts, contractors are constantly
in the habit of asking damages of the Government.
I would therefore suggest whether it would be good
policy to withhold the payment of the money
which maybe properly due under contracts for
that space of time.
While I am up, allow me to say that my friend
from Arkansas yesterday offered an amendment
which did not attract my attention at the time.
The bill was taken up before I came into the Sen-
ate Chamber yesterday morning, and I am not
certain whether the amendment was not offered
and voted upon while I was not here. I think it
was, for I have no recollection of it. If it was
offered after I came in, my mind was wandering,
so that I paid no attention to it. But if it had at-
tracted my attention at the time, I should have felt
it my duty to object to it, and I shall object to it
when the bill is reported to the Senate. The
amendment to which I allude is the one providing
that hereafter the Architect of the building shall
not be the disbursing agent of the appropriations
to carry on the work, anct it gives the power of
disbursement to the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings. I think the adoption of that proposition
will be a direct censure upon the Architect Al-
though some things have transpired which, if true,
would damn his reputation forever, and justly, I,
for one, as a member of the Committee of Investi-
gation, am not yet willing exactly to subscribe to
their truth. As the committee have given permis-
sion to use all the evidence—although that permis-
sion was given when I was not present—I beg
leave to state to the Senate what some of these
charges are.
It was stated that the Architect had purchased
inferior brick at two or three dollars per thousand
to fill in the haunches of the arches, and that he
had sold the brick to the Government at five or
six dollars per thousand, making a difference of
two or three dollars upon each thousand, and this
for private gain. If that be true—and I do not
j know but what it is—I say the character of the j
Architect cannot be blackened worse than that
: transaction would blacken it. It has been proved
by the late superintendent of the hands, (Mr.
Strong,) that bricks of an inferior quality were ,
' purchased for that purpose, and that he handed
them over to the Architect; but we have not yet
had time to trace the settlement of the accounts
for these bricks to see how the truth really is.
I could multiply various other matters of com- >
plaint brought forward against the Architect. One
inquiry we made was, why this brick was bought? 1
The answer was, for the purpose of filling up the
haunches of the arches. Then the question came
up, why were not the pieces of stone, left after
the cutting of the granite or the blue-stone, and
which, I believe, are generally called "smalls,"
or " spauls," used for that purpose? We traced
some of these " smalls" to Mr. Strong's building >
over the way, and found some on the Architect's
ground. .It occurred to me that if rubbish of that
sort could be used advantageously upon the build-
ing, it would have been a much better material
than salmon, good-for-nothing brick. Therefore,
it seemed to me to be improper to be using it for
other purposes, and hauling it away, instead of
using it to fill up the haunches of the arches, where
solid materials for the foundations of the floors
would be important. On subsequentinformation,
it turned out that Emery, the contractor, who fur- 1
nished the granite, claimed the right, as being the
owner of these " smalls," to give them away to
whoever he pleased. Then the question came up, ,
whether he was the owner or not? That brought
up another inquiry, whether the rock was meas-
ured in the rough, so as by that measurement to
entitle the Government to the whole of the rock, ;
or whether it was measured only when prepared to |
be placed upon the wall, thus leaving the " small*" :
to the man who furnished the stone? It was
proved that some of this rock was measured in the
rough, for the mere purpose of increasing the price
to be paid to the contractor, upon the idea that the
contract did not allow him enough without meas-
uring it in the rough.
These things, however, have not been fully in-
vestigated, and I am not willing to condemn any
one until he has had a full and fair chance to re-
spond to all accusations. But I say that if, upon
a full examination and investigation, the charges
cannot be explained and repelled, degradation and
infamy must visit the who, by his conduct,
has shown that avarice, and the love of money,
have been getting above that sense of honesty and
propriety which should have bound him to serve
the Government faithfully. But at present, when
these things have not been fully investigated, I am
not willing to condemn anybody. I acknowledge
I have had a very high opinion of the Architect,
and I will not surrender that opinion until I see
his guilt manifestly appear, and it has not yet ap-
peared to my satisfaction.
Mr. HUNTER. I stated that I would agree to
this amendment, but I did it with no view to dis-
parage the Architect. I would not vote anything
which was calculated to east censure on him until
something is proved against him, and I regarded
the amendment as intended by the Senator from
Arkansas, to produce a pause until an investiga-
tion could be made. That does not disparage the
Architect, and I believe he is not afraid of investi-
gation. He told me so last evening.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise for the purpose
of stating a fact which has just been communica-
ted to me, and which I think I ought to state. I
did not know it when I addressed the Senate just
now. 1 have learned for the first time, that the
brick which Mr. Walter got for the Government,
was charged to the Government at precisely the
price which he paid for it. If that be so, the inti-
] mation which has been made in the committee
j against him, that he bought the brick at one price
1 and sold it to the Government at another, of
j course fails. Having just learned that fact, I felt
it my duty to state it to the Senate.
; Mr. BORLAND. I am as little disposed to
cast reflections on the character of men as any
one else. I trust I set as high a value upon char-
acter, and I would be among the last of men
groundlessly to cast any rejections upon the char-
acter of any one. But it seems to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, that there is an unnecessary degree of (sen-
sitiveness displayed on the part of those Senators
who have an acquaintance with, and a high appre-
ciation of the individuals who are in the perform-
ance of these public duties. When any purpose
is manifested here to look into and examine their
public conduct, it is construed at once into a per-
sonal attack. I trust that Senators may take steps,
looking to a thorough investigation of the conduct
of the officers of this Government in the disburse-
ment of public money, without those steps being
construed into personal attacks or a desire to blast
the characters of individuals.' Whether Mr. Wal-
ter, in this case, has been guilty of fraud or not,
I do not undertake to say. I do not undertake to
express any opinion that such is the fact, and I
never shall express such an opinion until the tes-
timony is clear and conclusive to my mind; but I
do say that there is testimony enough before the
committee to show that great frauds have been
perpetrated, and are nowin process of perpetration;
and there were allegations in this testimony that
the Architect and his subordinates employed on
the work of the extension of the Capitol were
concerned in it. For that reason,and because these
investigations were not complete, and because I
was satisfied at least that frauds had been perpe-
trated which I wanted time to look into, and the
facts in regard to which I wanted to establish, I
have offered the amendment. I do not think any
more money should be expended upon the work
in which the individuals charged with fraud are
engaged, until there shall be a full investigation.
Now, apart from the fraud as alleged, there is
a higher consideration upon the very face of the
appropriation itself, which, it seems to me, ought
to make us pause for a while at least. At the
last session, when we made an appropriation of
$500,000 for the r^i.tiiiuance of the work, a pro-
vision was expressly made, and I think it was
adopted in all the appropriation bills, that no more
work should be done and no responsibility incurred
