650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. I
Wednesday, February 16, 1853. !
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. R1CHAR.DSON. There is no quorum
present, and 1 therefore move there be a call of the
House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope that
the yeas and nays may not be ordered. They
will take up at least thirty minutes. I trust we
will go into the call, and go through with it. We
never will have members here regularly unless we
do it. Let the doors be closed, and the absentees
Mr. HOUSTON. By the time the yeas and
nays are called most of the members will be here.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think that by the time
the Journal is read there will be a quorum pres-
ent.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the motion that there
be a call of the House, and it was disagreed to—
yeas 23, nays 89; as follows:
YI"A^—Messrs. William Appleton, Joseph Cable, Cald-
well, ('lark, John (J. Davis, Dean, Doty, Eastman, Green,
Haven, Hibbard, John VV. Howe, Hunter, Jenkins. Killing,
MeiVair, Million, Morehend, Richardson, Skelton, Smith,
and Alexander H. Stephens—23.
NAYri—Messrs. Charles Allen, Ashe, Bell, Bennett,
Bihighnus, Brcnton, Briggs, Burrows, Chastain, Cleveland,
Clmgmuii, Cohli, ,onger, Cottman, Daniel, Darny, Geerge
T. Davis, Dawson, Diniimck, Dockery, Duncan, Fay,
Fitch, Floyd, Giddm<*s, Gnodenow, Goodrich. Grow, Hall,
Harper, Sampson VV. Harris, Hart, Haseall, Hebard, Hen-
dricks, Henn, Hillyer, tlolladay, Houston, Thomas M.
Howe, Thonias Y. How, Ingenioll, Ives, Georjse W.Jones,
George G. King. Preston Kmc, Landry, Litlle, Lockhart,
Meaoham, MiMer, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John Moore,
Murphy, Murray, Newton, Olds, Orr, Andrew Parker,
Sarnui'i W. Parker, Pea-dee, Penn, Peuniman, Reed, Rid-
dle, Itobbins, Robinson, Sehoonmaker, Scurry, David L.
Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Benjamin Stanton, Richard j
}I. Staruon, Abraham P. Stephens, Sfoue, Stratton, Stuart,
Sutherland, Sweetser, Taylor, Thurston, Toombs, Town-
shend, WaMi, Watkins, Wells, Alexander Whtte, Wil- .
drick, and Williams—89.
So the House refused to order a call of the
House.
Pending; the above vote,
Mr. MASON asked leave to vote, as he was
transacting business in one of thecommittee rooms
and not within the bar when his name was called;
but objection being made leave was not granted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has counted the
members present, and finds that there are 127,
which number constitutes a quorum. j|
The Journal was then read and approved. l|
The SPEAKER. The business first in order j1
is the consideration of the Post Office appropri- j
ation bill, reported on yesterday from the Com- *
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
On motion by Mr. GROW, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal of the
papers in the case of William White, that tbey may be re- ■ J
ferred to one of the Executive Departments. j j
Mr. HENN. There is a Senate bill on the J|
Speaker's table providing for the holding of an |
additional term of the United'States district courts m
in the several divisions of the State of Iowa, which i
I ask the unanimous consent of the House to take j
up and put on its passage. It passed the Senate the
last and previous session. It involves no appro-
priation nor change of salary. The judge informs
me by letter that they are unable to do the busi- |
ness at one term, on account of conflicting with
the State courts. .!
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think that we
had better proceed regularly with the business.
We spent a whole day yesterday quarreling about
the manner in which it has been conducted.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL. 1
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw the motion to
recommit the Post Office bill, and demand the pre-
vious question on its passage.
Mr. OLDS. I trust the gentleman will with-
draw his call for the previous question. i
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ohio :
has an amendment directed to be offered by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
which he desires to submit to this bill. If there be |
no objection to it i will withdraw the call.
There was no objection, and the call for the pre-
vious question was withdrawn.
Mr. OLDS. I am instructed by the Committee
! on the Post Office and Post Roads to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after the first
day ot April next, in place of the compensation now al-
lowed deputy postmasters, the Postmaster General be, and
is hereby, authorized to allow their commissions at the tol-
lowing rates, on the postage collected ;it their respective
offices in each quarter of the year, and in due proportions
for any period less than a quarter, viz: On any sum not
exceeding one hundred dollars, fifty percent.; but any post-
master at whose office tile mail is to arrive regularly be-
tween the hours of nine o'clock at night and five o'clock
in the morning, may be allowed sixty per cent, ou the first
hundred dollars. On every sum over and above one hundred
dollars, but not exceeding four hundred dollars, forty per
cent. On every sum over and above four hundred dollars,
but not exceeding twenty-four hundred dollars, thirty-five
percent. On every sum exceeding twenty-four hundred dol-
lars, fifteen per cent. And on the amount of postages on
letters and packages received at a distributing office tor dis-
i mbution, the postmaster at such distributing office may be
; allowed ten per cent.
- Every postmaster, whose compensation shall not exceed
five hundred dollars in one quarter, and the postmaster at
New Orleans and Washington city, shall be allowed one
cent for every free letter delivered out of his office, except-
ing such as are for the postmaster himself. But the special
allowance now made by law to the postmasters at New
Orleans and Washington city shall not otherwise be either
increased or diminished.
Each postmaster who shall be required to keep a register
of the arrival and departure of the mails shall be allowed
ten cents for each monthly return which lie mikes to the
Postmaster General.
Each postmaster may be allowed two mills for delivering
from his office to a subscriber each newspaper not charge-
able with postage: Provided, That the commiasions and al-
lowances hereby authorized shall be subject to the provis-
ions of the forty-first section ot the act entitled " An act
to reduce into one the several acts establishing and regula-
ting the Post Office Department," approved March ;id, IC-.25.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now call for the previous
question.
Mr. HALL. I demand tellers on sustaining
the call for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gaylord
i and Bocock were appointed.
j Mr. ORR. I would suggest that it would be
better we should hear an explanation of this im-
portant amendment from the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Olds.]
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit to the
Ghair the question whether the amendment is in
order.
At the request of the Speaker the bill was read.
The SPEAKER. The bill appropriates money
under existing laws to the Post Office Department.
The amendment proposes to change the compen-
sation of postmasters. In the opinion of the Chair,
it is not in order.
Mr. OLDS. I will n6t take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The question was taken on seconding the call
for the previous question, and it was sustained,
the tellers having reported—ayes 66, noes not
counted.
The main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and having been engrossed, it
was, according to order, read the third time and
passed.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECIPROCITY BILL.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs now
on a motion to recommit the reciprocity bill sub-
mitted by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Seymour.]
Mr. SEYMOUR. As the desire has been man-
ifested from some quarters of the House, that the
consideration of this bill should not go on at
the present time, inasmuch as the report accom-
panying which, was laid on our tables but yes-
terday, and as the bill itself is one of considerable
detail, I am willing to accede to that wish, pro-
vided the bill shall not lose its priority in the morn-
ing hour. I am willing, if it be the pleasure of
the House, that the bill shall stand over for con-
nsideration until to-morrow. I have made this
remark on account of a suggestion made in certain
quarters by gentlemen who desire to examine
more fully the details of the bill and report.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I think, consider-
ing the circumstances under which that bill came
before the House, that the gentleman should let
the motion to reconsider be voted down, and let
the bill go into the Committee of the Whole on
the at&te of the Union.
j Mr. SEYMOUR. The gentleman from Ten-
| nessee has alluded to the circumstances under
which this bill got before the House. I believe
these circumstances are well understood by the
House. 1 asked the unanimous consent to report
this bill, and I stated at the time that 1 should
move that the bill be considered at some future
time, if it was the pleasure of the House. I re-
ported the bill, and 1 then made the usual motion
to recommit it to the Committee on Commerce, for
the purpose of keeping it from going upon the
Speaker's table, and at the same time moved that
the consideration of the bill should be postponed
until Thursday. I dtd that for the very purpose
of giving the House an opportunity of examining
the report, which I had assuranees would be laid
upon the table on Tuesday morning. It was ap-
prehended, and so the gentleman from Tennessee
stated at the time, that it would be making it a
special order. I did not desire that it should be
made so.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is the question debatable?
Mr. SEYMOUR. I move that the considera-
tion of this bill be postponed until to-morrow,
without prejudice to its priority in the morning
hour.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. If that sug-
gestion is adopted, would we then go on with the
call of the committees ?
The SPEAKER. Yes; during the morning
hour.
Mr. BROWN. Then I make no objection to it.
Mr. MEACHAM. I wish to ask whether
postponing the bill would make it a special order ?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It does, in effect,
for it comes up in the morning hour.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the consideration of the bill was postponed.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move that the rules of the
House be suspended, for the purpose of going
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I offer a resolution
to close debate upon the civil and diplomatic bill
in one hour after the committee shall again re-
sume its consideration, and I demand the previous
question upon it.
Mr. STANLY. Is it too late to amend that
resolution ?
| The SPEAKER. It is, until the demand for
I the previous question is disposed of.
j Mr. STANLY. I hope the demand for the
: previous question will not be sustained.
! The question was then taken upon seconding
i the demand for the previous question, and there
were—ayes 59, noes not counted.
Mr. JONES demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Davis of Indiana, and Mc-
Nair, were appointed.
I The question being put, the tellers reported—
ayes 76, noes 52.
| So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the resolution, and there were,on a count—
ayes 55, noes not counted.
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 100, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, John Appleton, William
Appleton, Ashe, Bibighaus, Bragg, Breckinridge, Bngga,
Brooks, AlbertG. Brown, Burrows,Caldwell, Cartter, Cas-
kie, Chastain, Churchwell, Clark, Chngman, Cobb, Col-
cock, Cullom, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dnnmick,
Duncan, Dunham, Edgerton, Edinundson, Ficklin, Fitch,
Freeman. Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gaylord, Green, Grow,
Hall, Isham G. Harris, Sampsou W. Harris, Hart, Haseall,
Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Holladai, Horsford, Houston,
Ingersoll, Ives, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Preston King, Kurtz, Letcher, Lockhart,
Mace, Martin, Mason, McCorkle, McDonald, Mi Nair,
McQueen, Millson, Morrison, Murphy, Murray, Nabere,
Old', Orr, Andrew Parker, Peaslee. Penn, Penniman,
Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Price, Reed, Richardson, Robbins,
Robie, Robinson, Ross, Schoolcraft, Scurry, David L.
Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Frederick
P. Stanion, Stone, Stratton, Stuart,Thurston, Townshend,
Addison White, Wildrick, and Woodward—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Barrere, Bartlett, Belly
Bennett, Bowie, Bowne, Brenton, George H. Browo,
Joseph Cable, Cleveland, Conger, Darby, George T. Davis,
Dean, Disney, Dockery, Doty, Eastman, Fay, Floyd,
Gentry, Giddings, Goodenow, Goodrich, Gorman, Grey,
Hammond, Harper, Haven, Hebard, Hillyer, Howard,
JobQ W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y. How,
