652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16,
prevent the very thing they were willing to censure us for
not doing. The following gentlemen thui voted: Messrs.
Allen, Andrews, Ashmun, Bennett, Burrows. Joseph Ca-
ble, Coif, Corvvln, Crowell, Doty, Giddings, Goodenow,
HoJIowsy, Hampton, Henry, Howe, Hunter, William T.
Jackson, James G. King, John A. King, Preston King,
jVelson, Otis, Pitman, Putnam, Risley, Rose, Rumsey,
Sehenck, Silvester, Sprague, Taylor, Tuck, Underbill,
Van D\ke, and Wmthiop.
u It is due to my friend and colleague on the Committee
on Ways and Means from Pennsylvania [Mr. Hampton] to
pay that he has assured me, as several others have, that he
voted to suspend the rules to introduce the resolution of the
member from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] not with the view of
sanctioning, but to enable me to make an explanation; and
that when he voted on yesterday, he was not aware that I
had not had an opportunity heretofore to report the bills
which he knew I had been ready to report for a month. It
seems he did not hear my statement that I bad important
bill? to report.
;*This is still not all. On this morning, after I had ap-
prised the House that I was anxious to report a bill of the
most pressing necessity—the one now before us—and one
for the passage of which the Administration was most
urgent, upon a motion being made to go into Committee of
the Whole the member from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] and
many others who voted with him on the 3d of June, voted
to go into Committee of the Whole!
il The attempt has been made, Mr. Chairman, to create
the impression that the southern members are determined
that no appropriation bills shall pass, or any other legisla-
tion be had, until the slavery question should be settled;
and the object of the movement of the member from Ohio
was tn implicate the Committee on Ways and Means, a
majority of whom are southern men, in such a purpose. Tt
is unnecessary for me to say to this House, that no such
purpose on the part of the Committee on Ways and Means
exists, or has existed. I say this is unnecessary, for our
whole course here ha* disproved it. Nor do I believe that
any such purpose exists with any considerable portion of
the southern members; and to prove this, I can refer to the
vote on yesterday, when every member from the slave
States except one voted with me to proceed with the regu-
lar order of business.
" From the facts I have stated, the country will judge
who is to blame for the delay of the public business—the
Committee on Ways and Means or those who assail them.
" One word as to the bills before us, and I am done. The
appropriation of last year for defraying the judicial expen-
ses of the country has^roved to be insufficient. This fact
was not brought to our attention until it was too late to put j
it in the deficiency bill. The Secretary of the Interior as- j
surew me that there is a pressing necessity for the immediate ;
passage of the bill. I am told that unless it can pass, the
United States courts about to sit, cannot be held. Under
these circumstances, 1 hope it will be the pleasure of this
body to pass it to-day."
* * * * *• * *
" He says that I gave no good reason for the delay in re- !
porting the appropriation bills. Was it no good reason that
our time was much occupied early in the session with an i
unusual and important bill requiring much investigation? ]
Was it not good reason when I showed that the estimates I
which are sent to us from the Departments are a mere sham ;
compliance with the law, and that they are altered and
added to, and added to, and altered from day to day, and
that if a bill was founded upon them as first sent to us it
would be no bill at all ? Was it no excuse when I showed
that circumstances beyond our control had often left our
committee without a quorum ? Was it no excuse when I
showed that the member himself and others acting with
him had thrown factious obstacles in the way of the trans-
action of the public business? Sir, what I have said is be-
fore the House, and it will go before the country, and it will
Judge whether I have given any good reasons for the delay,
which, by the by, has incommoded nobody."
But, sir, the complaint at this time is not that
the committees have not reported. The complaint
now is not so much that thece is not business be-
fore the House, as it is that the business that is
before the House is not transacted. During that
Congress you never saw any such pile of hills
upon the Speaker's table as there is there now.
We kept the Speaker's table clear. I know that
■we did it with a great deal of difficulty; but we
did it, and I know that I made myself odious to a
good many members who had local bills on hand—
as gentlemen who served in that Congress will
recollect—by " dragooning" the House, (that was
the expression frequently applied to me,) to force
on the public business of Congress.
Now, sir, the fault of the delay in the public
business, as was correctly stated by the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] yesterday, is not
in the rules. The rules are good rules. Theyare
easily understood and easily administered. But
the Speaker cannot administer them alone and
unaided. The heads of committees cannot do it.
This House can control the heads of committees
and even the Speaker himself to a great extent.
One great obstacle to the transaction of the public
business here is, that a rule designed for an emer-
gency, is invoked every day for the most ordinary
purposes. Sir, the rule enabling two thirdB of this
House to suspend the rules to take up a subject
out of its turn, was designed for an emergency,
but not for everyday resort. It was designed to
facilitate the passage of bills of pressing import-
ance, a delay in the passage of which, even for a
dayor two, might lead to injury of the public in-
I terests. That was the design of the rule. But how
! is it administered here > Why, sir, it is invoked
upon every occasion, and for the passage of every
ordinary bill that can be brought up. Members
are too impatient to wait their turns in the regular
; order of business, and are continually resorting
to that rule. Now, if members here would turn
a deaf ear to personal importunity, and administer
that rule in its spirit, in a short time the practice
which now prevails would be abandoned
Then, sir, another and leading cause of the de-
lay is that pointed out by the gentleman from
Georgia. Members have each some bill or other
that they have promised their constituents to pass;
' some measure of a local character, upon which
they have electioneered in their districts, and in
place of letting the business take its order on the
calendar, as the business in all well-regulated tri-
bunals does take its order upon the docket—they
endeavor to show their zeal by a constant at-
tempt to get it up out of order, the only effect of
which is to block up the business of the House.
The figure employed by the gentleman from Geor-
gia, comparing it to the delay in emptying a house
on fire, in consequence of the rush and confusion
that takes place, is entirely appropriate. Sir, in
the case of the burning of the Richmond theater,
it is demonstrable that every human being in that
building might have been easily saved if they
could have been prevailed upon to walk out quietly
and without confusion; they might have walked
out even leisurely, and yet, in consequence of the
struggling and scuffling of every one to get ahead,
many were smothered in the flames and many
more came out in a mutilated condition. So it is
•with the business of this House. It is the con-
stant struggling and jostling and maneuvering on
the part of members to get bills in which they feel
, a particular interest, ahead, that cause a great part
of the delay in the public business.
The rules of the House, if properly adminis-
, tered, are good rules. They have proved to be so.
This is the fifth Congress in which I have served.
!*When I first came here, John W. Jones was
Speaker of the House, and everything went on then
as smoothly and as well as possible. Every morn-
ing, the committees were called for reports, and
the Speaker's table was cleared. It is true, the ap-
propriation bills were not passed early in the ses-
sion, and I undertake to Say that they ought not
be passed very early in the session. They ought
I not to be reported too precipitately by the Com-
I mittee on Ways and Means. That committee
I ought to have time to scrutinize the bills thor-
| oughly. They ought to have time to put in all
1 the appropriations that are needed, so as to ob-
viate the necessity of offering amendments in the
House, and of deficiency bills. In this way time
is saved, and the transaction of business facilitated.
Mr. Chairman, as there has seemed to be the
disposition on the part of some gentlemen to at-
1 tribute the delay and obstruction of the public busi-
I ness in part to the Chair, and in part to the com-
, mittees of the House, I have felt it my duty, as
the Committee on Foreign Affairs might by some
be supposed to be implicated, to defend it. We
have never been for one day—we have never been
for a single moment, unprepared for action upon
any subject that belongs to us. The only ques-
tion now upon our docket is that with regard to
the fisheries, which will be decided to-morrow.
The House is well aware that that subject was
brought to our notice only a few days ago; and I
, also felt it my duty, in justice to myself, to the
committee over which 1 presided during the last
Congress, and to the honorable gentleman who
was Speaker at that time and who is absent, to
show that during that Congress there were none
of the difficulties that are now complained of. I
say further, that so far as the complaints made
early in that Congress are concerned, those who
made them retracted them before the close of the
Congress.
Mr. Chairman, I had designed to have gone
more fully into this matter, but I find that I have
alread y overtasked my physical strength, and I am
therefore unable to make this defense as complete
as I had intended.
Mr. NABERS. Mr. Chairman, I had hoped
that this short session of Congress would be ap-
nriated entirely to business, and that members,
.r as lay in their power, would avoid speak-
ing altogether. I have observed that rule, so far
| j as I am concerned. The published proceedings
; I of the House will show, I think, that I have not
occupied five minutes time in debate, from the
commencement of the session up to the present
hour. Sir, I have not refrained from speaking
because 1 did not desire to speak; for I am free to
confess that I am exceedingly fond of speaking.
But I have never yet satisfied myself that it would
be proper to speak, if in doing so, the legitimate
and proper business of the country would be re-
tarded. The particular kind of debate, however,
which sprung up on yesterday, and which wag
introduced by the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Venable,] has led me to a wish to occupy
some twenty or thirty minutes of the time of the
committee.
In the first place, sir, I wish to review my own
short experience as a member of this body. It is
a fact well known, that this is my first Congress,
and hence, if I and other young members like my-
self, should be occasionally found out of order,
particularly when you consider the vast number
of rules which we have, I suppose nothing very
strange would be thought of it.
But I was deeply impressed on yesterday with
the idea that the very first speech I ever heard
made by the gentleman from North Carolina was
notoriously out of order; but by the courtesy of
the committee it was allowed to go on nearly to
the close of his hour, in utter violation of the rules
of order; and allow me to say that the first speech
I ever had the desire to make was in reply to that
made by the distinguished gentleman from North
Carolina, though, as a matter of course, if made
at all it must have been made out of order. It
will be recollected, therefore, that in rising to reply
to the gentleman from North Carolina, on a former
occasion, knowing as I did that I must reply to
him out of order, if at all, I notified the committee
that if they intended to call me to order, I desired
they would do it at the beginning, and not subject
me, young, modest, and inexperienced as I am,
[laughter,] to perpetual embarrassment by points
of order. Well, sir, some gentleman from the
Old Dominion was kind enough to take me at my
word, and call me to order, and thereby saved the
time of the House, and perhaps saved me from
inconvenience in not being allowed to go on and
occupy my hour.
But, sir, do not understand me as taking any
particular exception to the remarks of the gentle-
man from North Carolina on yesterday. I dis-
l agree with him in many respects, but we must dis-
1 j cover the evil before we can apply the remedy;
j, and I trust that the suggestions which are now
going on in the House may lead to thatdiscovery,
and may also lead to the application of the proper
remedy; but I submit to the gentleman himself,
and to the committee, whether a lecture from him
with regard to the rules of the House, and with
regard to the decorum of members, comes with a
good grace? Now, sir, a gentleman should not
lecture his fellow-members upon matters of de-
corum, unless he is well satisfied that he comes
here with clean hands. Sir, I undertake to say
now, that if every member of this House had oc-
cupied as much time in debate during this short
session as the gentleman from North Carolina has,
there never would have been time to have taken
one vote. [Laughter.] The calculation is easily
made. We have but three months in the session
altogether. Now, the gentleman from North
Carolina, some time ago, occupied one hour in
making a speech against stealing Cuba, or against
filibustering. Yesterday he occupied another
hour in speaking against the rules of this House.
There are two hours, aside from his innumer-
, able little incidental speeches every day or two.
[Laughter.] All this time has been occupied by
the gentleman from North Carolina during the
present session of Congress. Now, appropriate
as much time as that to every member upon this
floor, and I say you would not have time to take
a single vote, or transact any business during the
session. You could not pass your deficiency bill,
or any sort of bill. The House will recollect that
we are in session not more than three or four
hours, ordinarily, in any one day, and they can
, in a moment make the calculation of how much
time we should have to transact business if we
all were to occupy as much time in speaking as
the gentleman from North Carolina has dune,
j Well, sir, in noticing, as the gentleman did on
1 yesterday, the useless consumption of tims in this
