1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
653
House, I was surprised that he should pass over j I
one very prolific source by which the valuable
time of the House is destroyed, and that is by
making: precisely such speeches as the gentleman
has been regularly in the habit of making this ses-
sion—I believe the ordinary term is "Buncombe."
Who does not know that the Cuba question has
never been regularly before this House? Who
does not know that no proposition to remodel or
to amend our rules has been submitted to the
House' Yet two hours have been occupied by
one single member during the present session in
the discussion of such questions as these. Well,
sir, it is well enough for a member to make a
speech to inform his constituents that he is " right
side up with care." [Laughter.] But, sir, as I
have accidentally mentioned Cuba, I will say that
I should like very much to make a speech upon
that subject if I had the opportunity; but as it is,
I will only make one remark with regard to the
spee-h of the distinguished gentleman from North
Carolina on that subject. He observed, among
other things, that he had yielded to the wishes of
the people of his State in regard to what are called
the compromise measures. Sir, I recollect very
distinctly that the gentleman from North Carolina
opposed those measures, and chiefly for the reason
then assigned by him, that its effect would be to
restrict the area of slavery. But in his speech the
other day, he opposes the acquisition of Cuba for
the reason that its acquisition would go to extend
the area of slavery, or would draw slaves away
from his and other States.
Mr. VENABLE. Will the gentleman allow
me a word by way of correction ?
Mr. NABERS. The gentleman from North
Carolina made so heavy a speech againt these 
A Member. "Injections."
Mr. NABERS. Yes, "injections," that I
hardly know whether I ought to allow the gentle-
man. I am rather unwilling to submit to the in-
fliction. [Laughter.]
Mr. VENABLE. I only wished to correct the
gentleman in point of fact.
Mr. NABERS. If the gentleman is under the
impression that I have misstated what he has said,
I will allow him time to correct.
Mr. G1DDINGS. I desire to know whether,
■nder the Baltimore platform, these gentlemen
have the right to agitate ? I raise that question of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not a j
legitimate one for the Chair to decide. . |
Mr. VENABLE. I am doubly indebted to the J]
courtesy of my friend from Mississippi, which I
assure him I asked with great reluctance. I ob- j
jected to the compromise measures because they ; i
limited the area of slavery upon our own territory.
But I object to filibustering, and the acquisition of j!
Cuba, because we have no right to extend the >
area of slavery upon the territory belonging to any- '
body else.
Mr. NABERS. Mr. Chairman, it is no part |
of my purpose to speak upon that subject. The
speeches of the gentleman from North Carolina
upon the various subjects to which I have alluded,
are in print, and any one, therefore, who feels
sufficient interest in the subject to ascertain his
opinions, can examine them; but I think the Tea-
tan against the acquisition of Cuba was a very
strange one coming from him—very strange.
There may be, and doubtless are, good reasons
why Cuba should not be annexed; but I ask the
gentleman himself whether this particular reason
does not sound strangely as compared with his
uniform arguments touching the interests of the
slaveholding States of the Union ?
But I desire to confine myself mainly to some
points with regard to our rules. The gentleman
from North Carolina seems solicitous to make the
impression that if every member of the House had
been as anxious to promote the business of the
House as he was himself, these bills for the relief
of injured orphans and suffering widows, and
everything of that sort, would not now be undis- .
posed of, but your entire calendar of private bills
would have been cleared. Every claimant upon
the justice of the Government would be satisfied.
Bat I have already shown you that according to
his modeof advancing the public business, it would
be totally and utterly impossible to transact any
business at all. It will be remembered, that a
short time since a resolution passed providing for !
holding night sessions; and would any member j|
who heard the speech of the distinguished mem-
ber from North Carolina have supposed for a sin-
gle moment that he fought those night sessions to
the death? But he did oppose them. Yet if his
speech of yesterday remains unanswered, the im-
pression will be created throughout the country
that these night sessions were opposed by every
member in the House, except the gentleman from
North Carolina, who desires so much the pas-
sage of every private and public bill before Con-
gress.
There is^inother incident which occurred during
the gentleman's speech, to which I ask the atten-
tion of the House for a moment. He made a
labored argument against the rules of this House;
but at the conclusion of that speech, he wound up
by the candid confession that he knew nothing
about them. In the progress of his remarks, the
gentleman ought to have said that one great reason
why the business of the country is so much re-
tarded, is because we speak so much upon ques-
tions about which we know nothing, or, in other
words, we speak so much upon the " third head."
Several Members. What is that?
Mr. NABERS. I will tell you. Upon a cer-
tain occasion, a speaker got up and said to his
audience, "Gentlemen, in the first place, I will
tell you what I know and you do not know; in
the second place, I will tell you what you know
and I do not know; and, in the third place, I will
tell you what neither you nor I know anything about.''
[Laughter.] Now, the speech of my distinguished
friend from North Carolina against the rules, in
this House, was, by his own confession, a "third-
head" speech; for it was a speech in relation to a
subject of which, by his own acknowledgment, he
knew nothing.
Now, it is a rule of universal application, that
we should never condemn that about which we
are not informed; for if you act upon this principle,
what cannot you condemn? You may condemn
the best system of government the world has ever
seen. You may condemn, if you choose, the very
light which comes from God out of heaven. I
repeat, there is nothing you may not condemn, if
you condemn everything you do not understand.
There was another fancy touch in the speech of
the gentleman from N^rth Carolina, and that is
the foul monster—a majority. I do not know that
the gentleman meant to leave the impression upon
the public mind that our Government or our list
of rules, which can be controlled by a majority, is
the fearful tyrant of which he spoke. But I do
not hesitate to say, if he means to create the im-
pression that our Government, where the will of
a majority rules, is oppressive and tyrannical, that j
he knows as little about the Government as he j
does about our rules. [Laughter.] Every man in I
our Government is conscious that such is not the I
fact. We know that our limbs are unfettered, ;
our minds are free, and that we never have, and j
never will call any man master. The gentleman
refers to the one-man power, and to the will of the >
majority. But is it not a notorious fact that the 1
very rules upon which this assault has been made,
were designed to protect the rights of the minority ?
And has not that gentleman himself resorted to the
privilege given by the rules to stave off what are
believed to be unwholesome measures—to a call for
the yeas and nays, motions to adjourn, and to the
various other stratagems known to the rules by
which you may stave off unwholesome measures?
I have no doubt the gentleman himself has often re-
sorted to those means that are called revolutionary,
'for the purpose of defeating measures to which he
is opposed, and when the gentleman succeeds, ke
puts on as complacent an air as any gentleman I
ever had the pleasure of meeting. [Laughter.]
All right—all perfectly in accordance with law,
the rules, and the Constitution, provided that the
particular taste of the gentleman from North Car-
olina is satisfied, but if not it is all tyranny and
oppression.
Mr. Chairman, I do not know that 1 can notice
all the vulnerable points which I observed in the
geifffeman's speech of yesterday; but there are one
or two others to which I must pay a passing com-
pliment. Among the other subjects of complaint
on yesterday, was one against the hour rule, by
which speeches are limited to that time. In my
humble judgment, it is the most sensible rule this
House everadopted. I do not know, if we would
adopt a rule to limit speeches to one half hour, but
it would be better than the hour rule which we ,
now have. But am I authorized to infer from
the gentleman's complaint against the one-hour
rule, that he measures the value of his speech by
its volume? I hope not, because it is notorious to
almost every individual who hears me to-day,
that the most unmeaning speeches are generally
the most voluminous. Why, a man who is in the
habit of talking any how about little or noth-
ing, can talk a day or two about nothing at all.
I believe either myself, or the gentlemen from
North Carolina, can do it. If we are to have such
members in this or the other branch of Congress,
what will be the result? Why, sir, they will kill
off any measure by speaking against time. But
sir, in a body, embracing so large a number of
members as ours, if the rule as to the time to be
occupied in debate is unlimited, it is notorious
that among talking members like myself, and a
few others I could name, we never should reach
the legitimate and proper business for which we
are assembled here under the Constitution and
laws of the country.
Some gentleman yesterday went back to olden
times, when our rules originated. How rarely,
in the early days of this Republic, did gentlemen
occupy more than one hour upon any one im-
portant question? Rarely, very rarely. These
lengthy speeches seem to be of comparatively
modern date. The great statesmen of Europe, at
the present day, make very short speeches on im-
portant subjects. The greatest men of our times,
as a general thing, are brief in their public speeches,
and if more than one hour is necessary to submit
their remarks, they resort to the pen, and in that
way place before the country matter which the
limited period of a single hour would never allow
them to bring before the country.
I trust, then, sir, that this hour rule will never
be repealed. If any change is to be made, the
time which we occupy in debate should be lim-
ited to even less than one hour.
I presume the whole country will understand
now—not from anything I have said, but from
the speech of the gentleman from North Carolina,
and the reply of other gentlemen—the true cause
which has retarded the progress of business in this
body.
I am as deeply solicitous to have the public and
private business disposed of as the gentleman
from North Carolina can be. I may venture to
say that I am even more so, and I think the Jour-
nal of the House will prove, that up to this morn-
ing, while the gentleman from North Carolina
has consumed more than two hours in debate,
I have not consumed more than five minutes.
The Journal will show that from the beginningof
Congress up to the present time, that gentleman
has consumed two dozen minutes to my one.
And what I claim for myself is more than true in
regard to the great mass of members upon this
floor. Most of them have never uttered a syllable
upon any subject. They have not even sought to
obtain the floor; have not even said so much as
" Mr. Speaker," with the modest wish of partici-
pating in the debates of the House.
If the responsibility of delay is to rest any-
where, let it rest in the proper place, and let not
gentlemen who go into these lengthy Buncombe
speeches, endeavor to shift the responsibility upon
the shoulders of others who sit here from day to
day and cast their votes upon the legitimate busi-
ness before this body. I say, let it rest where it
belongs.
The true rule, as insisted upon yesterday, is,
not to take up the time of the House in a war
uj?on the rules, but by a strict and faithful appli-
cation of them. By that means, and no other
upon the face of the earth, can the public business
be advanced.
Again; it was observed by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] yesterday, that we
have but one or two rules which havs been made
during the last twenty-five years. That, I have
no doubt, is true, and although I do not pretend to
understand the rules of this House as thoroughly
as I desire, yet I am satisfied that they have been
made, from time to time, by the most intelligent
body of men that ever assembled in this city.
Those rules have been adopted from the necessi-
ties of the case, and I presume there are but very
few rules that have not been suggested by some
particular condition of business before the body
which made them.
It is folly, therefor*, to talk about the rules re-
