654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16,
tarthno- business, so long: as gentlemen are unwill-
ing to abide by and execute those rules. Is it not
fairly within 'the range of probabilities that the
fault lies with us, and not with the rules?
1 was astonished that the gentleman from North
Carolina should have acknowledged that there
was anything which he did not understand, and
especially the rules of this House. He has been
here six years. Could not a hundred and forty
or a hundred and fifty rules be understood in that
time? It is certainly a very strange position. I
will venture the assertion, that in his school-boy
days, his teacher compelled him to learn double
that quantity in less than twelvemonths. It seems
that a generous and confiding constituency have
given him a seat upon this floor forsix years, and
yet he is totally uninformed in regard to the rules
which govern this body. Now a great many peo-
ple, who are unsophisticated, would say that if
the gentleman had applied himself with any de-
gree of industry for six years to the study of our
rules, and could not understand them, it would be
time to quit. [Laughter.] A great many would
come to the conclusion, that if a hundred and fifty
rules could not be mastered in six years, it is
rather a failure. That wou'd be only twenty-five
rules a year. Now what an effect is this announce-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina calcu-
lated to have upon young aspiring gentlemen like
myself? It would be as much as to say: " Give
it up at once, and do not try to master these
rules. We are to look on the understanding of
them as a hopeless task." But I am, however,
willing to give them one more trial. I believe
myself, that any member of this body who sin-
cerely desires to be acquainted with the rules can
do so, at least to the extent to be enabled to keep
himself in order; and allow me to say, that when
each member is sufficiently well acquainted with
the rules to keep himself in order, there will be no
danger of a recurrence of those disorganizing
scenes which now happen almost every day on
the floor ofthis House. I promise to keep myself
in order from this time till theadjournment. It is
only fourteen days, and during that time, I think I
can behave myself. T presume that every mem-
ber can keep good behavior during that time, at
least, if Sundays be excepted. (Laughter.]
The session must soon terminate, and a small
question will be submitted to a good many of our
constituents before we again return here, as to our
capability of understanding the rules and doing a
great many other genteel things. [Laughter.]
What will he the result of their decision I am
not prepared to say; but it is the nature of men,
the gentleman from North Carolina and myself
especially, as we have the lump of hope largely
developed, to believe that everything will be most
propitious. [Laughter.] We do not desire the
next Congress thrown into gloom by the ascer-
tained fact that we are not to be here. No, sir;
we love the country too well for anything of that
sort. [Laughter.] And I have not a particle of
doubt that we will go home and tell our people
that we are, to the best of our knowledge and be-
lief, among the cleverest of men.
I would ask the Chairman how many minutes
remain before the expiration of the time fixed for
the closing of the debate on this bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. About two minutes.
Mr. NABERS. I will now follow the exam-
ple of my distinguished friend from North Caro-
lina, who, though he gives what are called down
in my country " scissors," never fails to wind up
by apologizing. No matter how severely he may
have assaulted an antagonist, he generally closes
by a bland smile, and tells him that no harm was
intended. I mean no harm to the gentleman from
North Carolina. The first speech I desired to
make was intended to be in reply to one of that
gentleman's, but I did not get an opportunity to
make it. I trust there never will be any occasion
in the future for the slightest conflict between that
worthy member and myself. 1 think, however,
that he commits some very serious mistakes. I
think, further, that th  entire weight of this Gov-
ernment is noton hisshoulders. [Laughter.] That
is the error my friend labors under. He seems to
be greatly impressed with the fact that the well-
being anti success of this House and this Govern-
ment largely depend on his own individual exer-
tions. If he does not say that he looks it. [Laugh-
ter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The hour for terminating
1 the general debate, under the resolution of the
' House, has expired, and the gentleman from Ala-
bama is entitled to one hour, under the rule, to
address the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON addressed the House an hour,
in reply to the remarks of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] of yesterday, concern-
ing the causes of delay in the transaction of the
public business. He defended his own position as
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means,
and went on to show that so far as he and the
committee of which he was chairman was con-
cerned , the remarks of the gentleman from Georgia
were inapplicable. [His speech will be found in
the Appendix.)
Mr. BOWIE. I would inquire how much of
the hour to which the gentleman from Alabama
is entitled yet remains?
The CHAIRMAN. About seven minutes.
Mr. BOWIE. I desire to occupy a little 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mary-
land can occupy the remaining time of the gentle-
man from Alabama only by unanimous consent.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will proceed to
read the bill by clauses, when amendments will
be in order.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
clauses; when—
Mr. BRENTON offered the following amend-
ment to the clause which provides for the compen-
sation and mileage of members of the House of
I Representatives:
" That from and after the 3d day of March, 1853, there
shall be paid to each Senator, Representative, and Delegate
in Congress, a sularv for his services of two thousand dol-
lars per annum : on« halfthereof to be paid upon his attend
ance at the first session of Congress begun in any year, and
the other half at the end of the same session. A nd the Sec-
retary of Hie Treasury shall deduct from the compensation
to be'paid as aforesaid, at the end of the session, ten dollars
for each day the member or Delegate may have been absent
from his seat during the sitting of the House of which he is
a member, unless such absence was occasioned by his sick-
ne?-s, or the sickness of his family. Each Senator, Repre-
sentative, and Delagate, shall state at the end of each session
how many days he hath so absented himself, and verify his
i statement on oath; and if any Senator, Representative, or
I Delegate, shall refuse to furnish such statement, no payment
J shall then be made to him."
Mr. HOUSTON. I raj|e a point of order upon
that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair then rules the
amendment out of order.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
j Mr. HOUSTON. I move to amend the clause
" for the contingent expenses of the Senate," by
ij striking out the word "contingent."
I The question was taken, and the amendment
j was agreed to.
i The Clerk continued the reading of the bill,
and proceeded as far as the clause " for the con-
tingent expenses of the House of Representa-
tives," when
Mr. HOUSTON moved to amend that clause,
also, by striking out the word " contingent."
The question was taken,and the amendment
agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not know that I shall
have another opportunity to make an inquiry,
and that I may do so now, I move, pro forma, to
strike out the clause last read.
i At the last session of Congress, in the civil and
diplomatic bill, there were appended to the item
for the purchase of books, two provisos, one of
which was, that the account for the purchase of
said books should be audited as usual by the Com-
mittee on Accounts. The second was, that a re- i
port in detail should be made at the commence- [
ment of this session of Congress, of the mode and |
manner of purchase of those books, and whence |
they were obtained. I rise to say, that notwith-
standing the provisions I have referred to, I have !
not seen this session any such report, and I do not
know that the requirements have been in any
form complied with. If they have, I should be
happy to be so informed by any member of the
House. It is a strict and rigid provision of law,
and before we proceed to appropriate for the con- ;
tingent expenses of the House, it is necessary to
ascertain whether these provisions of the law have
been complied with. If any such report has been
j made, I have not been able to find it, or to ascer-
| tain where it is.
! Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 am authorized to
j say that the Clerk did not make the report at
!l the beginning of the session, because there was
nothing that could be reported under the law. The
books had not been obtained, and the accounts
were not in a condition to be rendered. But the
report is now ready to be made, and will be made
in a day or two. The present Clerk has furnished
more books to members of Congress than any
other Clerk up to this period has done heretofore.
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw my amendment,
if there is no objection.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill, when—
Mr. HOUSTON, said: I move to strike out
the clause " for draughtsmen and clerks on maps,
$7,500." The subject-matter of this clause was
discussed at the instance of the gentleman from
Noith Carolina [Mr. Stanly] on the deficiency
bill. I am satisfied that the Land Office, with its
present force of clerks, can discharge that duty,
and that this appropriation is unnecessary. I
will state to the House, in this connection, that
there is an appropriation for this purpose, already
made for this year, which runs to the 30th day
of June next. The appropriation which I propose
to strike out would commence on the first of July
next, and run to the 30th of June, 1854.
Mr. HALL. Will the gentleman from Ala-
bama state whether he has satisfied himself, by
inquiry, whether the Land Office clerks can at-
tend to this business?
Mr. HOUSTON. That is my impression from
conferences I have had with several individuals in
the Land Office.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The next clause was then read as follows:
" For temporary clerks to committees, $4,500."
Mr. STANLY. I move to strike out that
clause. The chairman of the Committee on
Ways and Means knows more about these bills
than all of us do, for, much to his credit, he has
been far more attentive to the business of that
committee, than any other member of it; but I
certainly should like to have him explain this
clause. Why is it, that these temporary clerks
are provided for by an appropriation to the extent
of $4,500?
Mr. HOUSTON. That appropriation is in-
tended to compensate any clerks who may be
ordered by the House for any of the standing
committees of the House. It is not an unusual
appropriation, though it is unusual in its present
form. This item has heretofore been included
under the head of" miscellaneous items."
Mr. STANLY. I would rather put it in the form
of a miscellaneous or contingent item, for the rea-
son that we have then a fund for the payment of
these clerks, and surely we cannot appropriate to
them anything like the amount of $4,500. Now,
I know of but one committee that uniformly has
had a clerk, and that is the Committee on Ways
and Means.
A Voice. The Committee on Claims has a
Mr. HOUSTON. That is provided for in
another place.
Mr. STANLY. We made a special appropri-
ation for that committee the other day. There is
an abuse in this matter, which I wish to see cor-
rected. We are getting into this practice by de-
grees of having clerks for committees, and there
ought to be a stop put to it. We ought not to
make an appropriation of $4,500 for temporary
clerks. Certainly, if that appropriation is made,
it will be expended. I hope the clause will be
striken out.
Mr. HOUSTON. I certainly will go with the
gentleman from North Carolina in favor of stri-
king out from this bill everything which it should
not contain; but it is necessary, I think, that
something should be appropriated, and I would
greatly prefer to see it appropriated under this one
specific head, than under the general head of con-
tingences; for if you put it under this latter head,
it may, by a simple resolution, be appropriated
and applied to any other purpose than the pay-
ment of the clerks. Now, if the House allows
it to stand-as it is, under this head of appropria-
tion, only so much will be absorbed as may be
ordered by the House, and if it is not consumed
in paying clerks of committees, it cannot be ap-
propriated to any other purpose.
