THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1853.
New Series No. 43.
IN SENATE. j
Thursday, February IT, 1853.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of the United States, principally residents of Bos-
ton, praying a reduction of the rates of ocean
postage; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition of inhabitants and legal voters
of Massachusetts, praying a reduction of the rates
of ocean postage; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition of seamen and others of Cape
Cod, Massachusetts, praying the repeal of the tax
on seamen's wages for hospital money, the estab-
lishment of schools for the education of youths
for the mercantile marine, and a repeal of the law
requiring two thirds of the crews of American ves-
sels to be citizens; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of Lansingburg, New York, praying that meas-
ures may be taken to secure religious liberty to
American citizens abroad; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. MORTON presented sundry joint resolu-
tions from the Legislature of Florida; which were
referred as follows, and ordered to be printed:
In favor of the establishment of a tri-weekly
mail between Appalachicola, Florida, and Bain-
bridge, Florida. Referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
In favor of the establishment of a mail route
from Thomasville, in Georgia, to Alligator, in
Florida. Referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
In favor of the establishment of a mail route
across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec to the States
bordering on the Pacific. Referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads
In favor of an appropriation for the removal of
obstructions to navigation in the Yellow river.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
In favor of an appropriation for the removal of
obstructions to the navagation of Shoal river.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce. ,
Asking permission to use the United States ar-
senal, in Gadsden county, as a depository for the
arms belonging to the State. Referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Declaring the intention of that State to enforce
her rights, under the treaty of Payne's Landing,
by expelling the Seminole Indians. Referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a memorial of
steamboat companies and others, of Philadelphia,
interested in carrying passengers and freight by
steamboats, praying that the late act of Congress
to provide for the better security of the lives of
passengers on board of vessels propelled in whole
or in part by steam, may be modified, suspended,
or repealed; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. PRATT presented *a memorial of steam-
boat companies and others, of Baltimore, praying
that the late act of Congress to provide for the
better security of the lives of passengers on board
of vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
may be suspended or modified; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Alanson
Norcutt, praying that a pension may be granted
to the widow of William Norcutt for his services
in the revolutionary war and the last war with
Great Britain; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. CASS presented two memorials of citizens
of the United States, praying that a grant of land
may be made for the construction of a ship canal
around the Falls of Niagara; which were referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FELCH presented a petition of R. Shelden ,
aiid others, praying the erection of a light-house
af the mouth of Portage river; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce. j,
Also, the petition of R. Shelden and others, Jl
42
praying the establishment of a mail route from
Copper Harbor to Ontonagon, Lake Superior;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the following resolu-
tions passed by the Legislature of the State of
Indiana:
Resolution in favar of a liberal appropriation
for the improvement of Michigan City harbor;
Resolutions in favor of a grant of land to indem-
nify the State for loss sustained by the failure of
the title of a portion of the lands granted for a
seminary of learning;
Resolutions in favor of the grant of the right of
way to the New Albany and Salem Railroad Com-
pany, and to other railroad companies; and a
Resolution in favor of the construction of a
carlal around the Falls of the Ohio on the Indiana
side of the river.
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
Mr. DOWNS presented a petition of the Fac-
ulty of the Medical Department of the Georgetown
College, praying an appropriation for the erection
of buildings, and the support of the Washington
Central Infimary; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the District Columbia.
HARBOR AT MILWAUKIE.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. President, when the bill
providing for deficiencies was under consideration,
I had occasion, upon an amendment which I offered
in relation to the harbor of Milwaukie, to submit
some remarks to the Senate in reference to what
was the supposed determination of the Chief of the
Bureau of Topographical Engineers in regard to
that matter. This morning 1 find with my mail
a very large petition, signed by several thousand
persons. The petition is thirty or forty feet in
length, and the names are signed very closely, as
theSenatecan see. The petition is accompanied by
a letter from the citizens of that place, in which it is
stated that they have learned with deep regret that
Colonel Abert declines to carry out the provisions
of the act of Congress of the last session upon the
subject of the harbor at that place, he alleging, as
they learn, as his excuse for not doing so, that
he does not know what point is meant. I repeat
what I said yesterday, that I do not believe that
Colonel Abert has come to any such conclusion;
but I do think, in fact I am assured by the ex-
citement which has been got up in the city of
Milwaukie, that such information has been com-
municated to the people there. It would be ab-
surd for Colonel Abert to pretend that he does
not know where is the point which was fixed by the
bill of the last session for the location of the harbor.
Every boy in the streets of Milwaukie, and every
sailor boy from one end of the lakes to the other,
would hiss this pretense to scorn. The letter to
which I have referred speaks of various other peti-
tions on file, as the writers suppose, in the office of
the Topographical Bureau,from all the vessel-own-
ers, and all the masters of vessels upon the lakes,
asking that the appropriation shall be expended at
the point named in the bill of the last session. I
cannot believe that Colonel Abert has taken any
such position in regard to it, as to authorize this
great excitement in Milwaukie. But as this petition
has been sent to me, I lay it before the Senate, with
the hope, since the matter has been thus publicly
brought forward, that we may hear something
from the Bureau of Topographical Engineers in
regard to it.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I beg leave to pre-
sent the proceedings of a large meeting held in my
town, Memphis, on the subject of the Pacific
railroad. That question has been presented to
the Senate by the report of the special committee
on the subject, and therefore I ask that the paper
be received and laid on the table.
Mr. HALE. I believe it is not the practice of
the Senate to receive the proceedings of public ,
meetings of that sort, unless they are addressed j
to the body, or accompanied with a request that
they should be presented to the body. That has
been the long-established practice, and I hope it
will not be departed from in this case.
Mr. JONES. I hope the Senator from New
Hampshire will investigate this matter a little more
closely, before he comes to his conclusions. These
proceedings were sent to the Senators from Ten-
nessee, with the request that they would make
such a disposition of them as they might think
proper. I presume they could have referred them
to a committee, without presenting them to the
Senate formally. The meeting was a large and
respectable one; it was numerously attended. The
preamble and resolutions set forth the facts con-
nected with the location of the road; and if the
Senator would like to see them, I will ask that they
be printed.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to receiving
these proceedings; but there is a regular order of
business in regard to such subjects, which was es-
tablished long before I came here, and which has
been adhered to ever since; and I therefore sub-
mit the question to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will submit the
question to the Senate, whether or not they will
receive the paper, it being the proceedings of a
public meeting, addressed to the Senators from
Tennessee, with a request that they would make
such a disposition of it as they might think proper.
Mr. BELL. I hope there will be no objection
to merely receiving the petition, and letting it lie
on the table.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from New
Hampshire objects to the reception of the paper.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection.
The paper was ordered to lie on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee'on Commerce be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of the
Relief Steam Tow-Boat Company, and that leave be granted
to withdraw the petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That James D. Cobb have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on the Post
, Office and Post Roads, to which was referred a re-
port of the Solicitor of the Treasury on the sub-
ject, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for
the relief of Joseph Nock; which was read and
passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed,
j He also, from the Committee on Pensions, to
I which were referred the petition of John Carlton,
second, and the petition of Edward S. Meader,
submitted adverse reports thereon; which were
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the petition of Catharine Clarke, praying
a pension, and the petition of citizens of Scituate,
Massachusetts, in favor of a pension to Josiah
Mann, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof; which was agreed to.
He also, from the select commitee to which was
referred the memorial of James S. French, of Vir-
ginia, praying for an appropriation to test his
newly-invented locomotive for overcoming heavy
grades, submitted a report on the subject; which
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was ordered that
two thousand additional copies of the report be
printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
bill from the House of Representatives for the relief
of John Frink, reported it back without amend-
ment.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred resolutions of the
Legislature of Florida, reported a bill to establish
Palatka and Bayport, in Florida, ports of delivery,
respectively; which was read and passed to the
, second reading.
I He also, from the same committee, to which
