660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
the Navy could not have got along without some
Executive regulations in regard to many points,
for a single day. It would have been utterly im-
practicable to do so. There must be certain rules
and regulations from time to time by the President,
as Commander-in-Chief of the Navy and of the
Army. There are other regulations which depend
upon the Legislature, which do not belong to his
prerogative as commander-in-chief, and in those
cases it is necessary to come to Congress.
The objection I have to this resolution is simply
this: it delays the exercise of the President's con-
stitutional power until the next session of Con-
gress, or until whatever time we choose to act
upon the subject. It is presupposing that these
regulations contain matter for Congressional ac-
tion; or, at any rate, that we should look into
them before they go into effect. The operation
of the resolution is to suspend the power, the
constitutional prerogative of the President as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Navy, to make those regu-
lations which, as an Executive officer, it is hii
duty to make, until Congress can look into the
matter. When can that be? Certainly not at
this session. I see constitutional objections to this
course. I have no objection to calling for the
regulations to examine them, and if there should
be any one requiring legislative action, so to de-
clare, and repeal it; but I have no idea of trench-
ing upon the constitutional power of the President
as Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy.
To what are we coming? Day after day we'are
called upon to revise the proceedings of courts-
martial, and now it is announced that certain offi-
cers of the Navy have seen these regulations and
do not like them, and they come and appeal to
Congress. I do not approve of this coume of
proceeding, and 1 will vote against the resolu-
tion.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, this is a reso-
lution of the Senate only. It is a resolution pro-
posed to be acted upon by the Senate only; and
Upon the adoption of it the Secretary of the Navy
is requested not to carry into effect the regulation ,
adopted by the President of the United States un- I
der his general constitutional power as " Com- j
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy," until I
Congress has acted upon the subject. If we adopt '
this resolution, it has no efficacy. We have no
power to interfere with those regulations. If
these regulations are in conformity to the Consti-
tution and the laws of the United States, the Sen-
ate has no power, as a distinct body, to interfere
and suspend their operation. It is not proposed
that there shall be action by law before the sus-
pension takes place; and it is a mere attempt on
the part of this body to suspend, without law, the
existing regulations for the government of the
Navy. I say that if these regulations are accord-
ing to law, and in pursuance of the Constitution
and the laws, we have no power to interfere in
this manner by a vote of this body, and to sus-
pend them. And if we had the power, are we to
interfere with these regulations without knowing
what that action is, and that, too, without author-
ity of law ?
But I will not pursue the subject. If this res-
olution has any operation at all, it suspends the
action of the Executive, acting as Commander-in-
Chief of the Navy of the United States, when
we cannot know what that action is without having
it before us and deliberating upon it. As a test
question, I move to lay the resolution on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
THE TEHUANTEPEC GRANT.
Mr. GWIN. I call for the special order of the
day.
The PRESIDENT. The first special order is
the unfinished business, being the resolutions re-
ported by the Committee on Foreign Relations in
relation to the grant of the right of way across
the Isthmus of Tehuantepec.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Norris] wishes to address the Senate
upon this question. Not knowing it, I yesterday
evening made a motion that the resolutions lie on
the table. I withdraw that motion, and give the
floor to him, as I understand he wishes to speak
on some day next week.
Mr. NORRIS. ' I move that the further consid-
eration of the subject be postponed until Wednes-
day next.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
The PRESIDENT. The next special order is
the bill for^he protection of the emigrant route,
and a telegraphic line, and for an overland mail
between the Missouri river and the settlements in
California and Oregon.
Mr. MASON. "Do I understand that that bill
is before the Senate by the order of the Senate?
Mr. GWIN. 1 have called it up.
Mr. MASON. Has there been an order of the
Senate that we shall take it up to-day ?
Mr. GWIN. It is the first special order.
The PRESIDENT. It was made the special
order for yesterday, at twelve o'clock, and of
course comes up at that hour to-day. At one
o'clock there is another special order.
Mr. MASON. The bill relating to the Texas
debt was made the special order for this day, and
I want to know whether this takes precedence of
that?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of the opin-
ion, that this being the special order for twelve
o'clock, takes precedence of the bill in relation to
the Texas debt, which was made the special order
for one o'clock.
Mr. MASON. Will it not be competent, at one
o'clock, to call up the Texas debt bill?
The PRESIDENT. It will certainly be com-
petent for the Senate to take up that bill at that
time ?
Mr. BRIGHT. We lose a great deal of time
in talking about what is the special order. One
o'clock to-day was appointed to consider the bill
in relation to the Texas debt, and I think we shall
save time now by agreeing to take up that bill and
make it the special order for Monday next, at
twelve o'clock. That will give the residue of the
week to the Pacific railroad bill, and it will give
| sufficient time to dispose of it. I hope there will
be no objection to taking up the Texas debt bill
' for the purpose of making it the special order for
Monday, at twelve o'clock. It is the special order
for to-day at one, and its friends will insist on
calling it up at that hour, unless this order which
I have suggested be made, and/hen we shall have
some more time wasted in considering what shall
have the preference in the order of business.
Mr. ADAMS. If the Texas debt bill be taken
up, I intend to move, as a test question, that it lie
on the table.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that it be taken up for
the purpose of postponing it until Monday.
| The PRESIDENT. One subject being before
I the Senate, that motion cannot be entertained un-
less by unanimous consent.
Mr. GWIN. I insist on the regular order.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then I give notice that at one
o'clock 1 shall call up the Texas debt bill, which
is the special order for that hour.
Mr. BUTLER. I have this to say: that when
one o'clock comes I shall insist, with others, upon
the regular order of the day, which is the Texas
debt bill. Gentlemen must understand that no
one measure is to monopolize the whole attention
of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Ten-
nessee is entitled to the floor on this bill.
Mr. BELL. There is time enough for me be-
tween now and one o'clock; but 1 hardly suppose
that we can come to any conclusion on the bill
now before the Senate at this time. I shall endeav-
or to condense the remarks which I have to make,
in addition to those which I made the other day,
within as small a compass as possible. But really,
after what has been announced by so many Sena-
tors on thefloor for the last two weeks, during which
this measure has been suspended—after having
had our foreign relations, Cuba, Central America,
and Tehuantepec, thrust upon us, I suppose many
Senators do not know at this time what the
question is in relation to this railroad bill. 1 beg
leave, therefore, before I proceed with any remarks
upon the subject, to call their attention to the pend-
ing question, and ask the Chair to state it.
The PRESIDENT. The question pending is
on the amendment of the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Brodhead,] as modified, to the amend-
ment reported from the Select Committee, to strike
out after the word " that," and insert:
"The Secretary of War be, and he is hereby authorized,
under the direction of the President of the United States,
to employ such portion of the Corps of Topographical En-
gineers, and such other persons as he may deem necessary,
to make such explorations and survey as he may deem ad-
visable, to ascertain the most practicable and economical
I route for a railroad from the Mississippi river lo tl.e Pacific
|' ocean; and that the sum of $100,000 be, and the same is
hereby appropriated, out of any money in the Tn isury not
■ otherwise appropriated, to defray the expenses o: sucli ex-
plorations and survey.
" Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in making such
explorations and survey, the engineers and other persons
employed under the authority nf this act, may he directed
to act in concert with any engineers, or other persons em-
ployed by any individual or individuals, association or as-
sociations, for the same general object; and the Secretary
of War is hereby authorized and required to receive propo-
, sals trom individuals, or associations, for the construction
of a railroad between the valley of the Mississippi and the
Pacific ocean, and to lay the same befure Congress at the
next session."
Mr. BELL spoke for some time in defense of
the bill reported by the Select Committee. His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. SMITH next obtained the floor, and said:
I do not know but this subject has been already
sufficiently discussed to enlighten the judgment of
the Senate, and to enable honorable members to
come to such results as shall accord with the pub-
lic interests; and I am free to say, that if I could
see in the body a disposition to bring the sense of
the Senate on the question before us to a test im-
mediately, I would resume my seat.
Mr. GWIN. Let us try it.
Mr. SMITH. I will do so if I can understand
that such is the desire, and such is the purpose of
the Senate; for, Mr. President, there is some dan-
i ger that this important measure may be defeated
in consequence of its being over debated by its
friends; and I am one of the number of the
members of this body who are friends of this
measure, and who believe that it ought, to pass,
and ought to pass now. I have already intimated
to the Senate that I desire that it should be brought
to a test vote.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The immediate question
i is upon an amendment which I proposed, and if
it is the sense of the Senate that a vote be taken
now, I for one will agree to have the vote taken,
although I did desire to offer a very few remarks
upon the question now before us.
Mr. COOPER. If the honorable Senator from
Connecticut surrenders the floor, I suppose he will
be hardly able to get it back again until I am done,
and I have been watching an opportunity to get it
a great while. I want to make a speech, and I
intend to make one. I do not wish to delay the
question, for I think it is due to the honorable
Senators from Texas [Mr. Rusk] and from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Gwin] that a vote should be had soon.
I do not intend to occupy the floor very long, but
I desire to reply to some arguments which were
based upon a few casual remarks which I made a
few days ago, and as soon as the Senator from
Connecticut is through, I design to occupy thefloor
a short time, but I shall endeavor to be brief.
Mr. SMITH. I will endeavor to be as brief as
I possibly can, and I presume that the Senate will
accord to me some indulgence in consideration of
the fact, that during the present session of Con-
gress I have not occupied over ten minutes, cer-
tainly not over a quarter of an hour of the public
time.
The honorable gentleman then proceeded to ad-
dress the Senate in a speech which will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.
" Mr. CHASE next obtained the floor.
Mr. MASON. It is necessary that we should
have an Executive session, and therefore, if the
Senator from Ohio will give way, 1 will move one.
Mr. CHASE. I am willing to give way for
that purpose.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Executive business.
, Mr. ADAMS. I would sujgest that a great
many Senators are disposed to remain to-day until
, this question shall be disposed of.
I Mr. BORLAND. I am really unwilling to
make objection to anything proposed by the Sen-
ator from Virginia; but we have got a subject un-
der consideration which is certainly more import-
ant than any other which can come up, and I
cannot see any reason for discontinuing it to take
up anything else. °
Mr. GWIN. I hope we shall have an Exec-
utive session. It is necessary that one should be
had very shortly. I am as anxious that this bill
should be disposed of as any one else, but I know
that it is indispensable to the public business that
we should have an Executive session.
Mr. CHASE. I am quite willing to go on to-
day, and I do not wish it to be considered that any
