1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
661
postponement of the question is to take place be-
cause of any unwillingness on my part to proceed |
to-day to say all that I have to say.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator desires to go on,
of course I withdraw my motion.
Mr. CHASE. I wish to say to the Senator
from Virginia, in view of what has been said by
the Senator from Mississippi, that if we go into
an Executi\ e session to-day, it certainly cannot be ,
expected, that after the doors are opened and the
Senate shall have become thinned, we shall pro-
ceed with the further consideration of this subject ;
to-day; and for the purpose of ascertaining the
sense of the Senate upon that point, I move that
the further consideration of this bill be postponed
until to-morrow for the purpose of going into Ex-
ecutive session.
The motion was not agreed to, there being, on
a division—ayes 15, noes 21.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, I trust, since
the Senate has manifested its disposition to pro-
ceed with this debate this evening, that we shall
continue in session until we have at least taken
the question upon the amendment now under con-
sideration. I am exceedingly desirous that this
whole subject shall be disposed of. It has already
occupied the attention of the Senate many days;
and it interferes with the consideration of other
bills, certainly of equal if not of greater import-
ance Amongst those is the homestead bill, in
which the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Dodge] takes
so deep an interest. It is a bill upon which several
Senators on this floor are instructed by the Le-
gislatures of their States; and I hope it will be
the pleasure of the Senate, after having passed
upon this measure, to proceed to the consideration
and to the disposal of that.
I am, Mr. President, in some degree responsi-
ble for the amendment which is now under dis-
cussion, since some important provisions have ,
been incorporated in it upon my own suggestion;
and I therefore desire to state briefly the consid-
erations which will govern my vote in favor of it.
The general merits of the bill have been discussed
at great length; elaborate arguments have been
made to satisfy the Senate that a railroad to the
Pacific is necessary, and that the interests of the
country reqnir« its speedy construction. Now,
Mr. President, who upon this floor doubts that?
Who has manifested any indisposition to the con-
struction of this road in' some way and by some
means? It seems to me we might well snare
elaborate discussion upon topics in regard to
which the Senate is nearly unanimous.
But while a large majority of the Senate are
agreed as to the construction of a road, there may
be, and there are, considerable differences of opin-
ion as to the mode in which that object shall be
attained.
Mr. President, I am in favor of this road. No
Senator upon this floor is a warmer friend to it,
or who more fully appreciates the advantages
which will flow to the country from its construc-
tion than I—and yet I desire practical, common-
sense legislation upon the subject. I wish so to le-
gislate as to secure the construction of the road
over the best route, in the shortest time, and with
the least expenditure. .
Now, what does the amendment, which has
been so condemned by the Senator from Connec-
. ticut, [Mr. Smith,] propose? In the first place, it
proposes surveys and explorations. These sur-
veys and explorations, we are told, will consume
years. Who knows that? Who has authorized
any Senator to say that the surveys and explora-
tions contemplated by this amendment will con-
sume more time than the surveys and explorations
contemplated by the bill? Sir, the bill, as much
as the amendment, contemplates previous surveys,
and in order to ascertain the best, the most prac-
ticable, the cheapest route, the route which will
best accommodate the commerce and the travel of
the country, the same preliminary examina-
tions will be necessary to the intelligent decision
of the President, as are necessary to the intelligent
decision o f Congress. No obj ection, then, lies on
the amendment upon that score, which does not
lie to the bill.
But it is said further, that the amendment con-
templates the employment of civil engineers in ad-
dition to the topographical engineers already in
service. Well, sir, the bill contemplates precisely
the same thing. It directs the employment of the
topographical engineers, and it provides that they
shall be aided by the employment of others, at the i
discretion of the President, within certain limits. '
That objection also lies just as strongly against
the bill as against the amendment. It is further
objected that the amendment proposes that pro-
posals for the construction of the road shall be
received until the next session of Congress. That
is true; but will not the effect of the provisions of
the bill be just the same? It authorizes a con-
tract by the President with a corporation or a com-
pany of individuals. Well, sir, will the Presi-
dent enter into this contract without proposals?
Do Senators expect that he will act blindly upon
i a question of this importance? Will he not in-
[ vite proposals for the construction of this road ? .
> Will he not ascertain the best terms upon which 1
it can be constructed for the Government? Un-
doubtedly he will.
Mr. RUSK. It isVequired by the bill.
Mr. CHASE. My friend from Texas says it is
required by the bill; then why object to this amend-
ment if it proposes precisely the same thing which
is required to be done by the bill ? What is the
objection to the amendment?
Mr. RUSK. It does not propose the same
things. .
Mr. CHASE. So far as I have gone, it does
propose the same things. It proposes surveys
and explorations. So does the bill. ^ It proposes
the employment of topographical engineers in con-
nection with the civil engineers employed by the
Government, bycompanies, orprivate individuals.
The bill proposes the employment of both de-
scriptions of engineers. It proposes to receive pro-
posals from a company or corporation. The bill
proposes precisely the same thing; and the only
difference, so far, is, that the bill not merely author-
' izes the President to contract with these individ-
uals, but it proposes also to incorporate them.
; Now, what do we gain by the adoption of the bill
; rather than the amendment?
I can see nothing; for we are told by Sena-
tors who have advocated this measure, that the
explorations, which are required to be made, under
the authority of"the President, before entering
into any contract with the parties to be incorpo-
rated under the provisions of this bill, will con-
sume the whole time between the passage of the
act and the next session. What, then, do we
gain? Nothing at all, except to transfer this
whole question from the discretion of Congress
to the discretion of the Executive.
I know that some Senators, amongst them the
Senator who last addressed us, [Mr. Smith,] think
this a great object. He told us that the Congress
of the United States had become incompetent to
the transaction of business—that the Senate and
the House of Representatives were no longer fit
to be intrusted with the business of the country.
He seemed to think that henceforth every import-
ant question should be referred to the discretion
of the Executive. Sir, I have as much confidence
in the incoming Administration, I dare say, as
other Senators. I look to the Executive, soon to
be inaugurated, for a wise, prudent, beneficent,
skillful conduct of our public affairs; but I am not
one of those who propose to abdicate our consti-
tutional functions in favor of any President. I
believe it is the duty of Congress to make the
laws, and it is the duty of the Executive to exe-
cute the laws. I am not willing to confer upon
the President of the United States, under any
circumstances, and least of all when no end of
great practical importance is to be attained by so
loins, the power of organizing a corporation such
as that provided for by this bill. 1 am not will-
ing to place at his disposal a fund so enormous.
Why, this bill provides for an appropriation of
twenty millions of dollars in the first place, and
then, in addition to that, for the appropriation of
fifteen millions of acres of land, at the lowest es-
timate of money and value, 6ffers to the company
which you propose to incorporate by its provis-
ions, forty millions of dollars. The capital of
the company must be at least one hundred mil-
lions The road cannot be undertaken with less
: than'that. Now, 1 am not disposed to create
such a corporation and furnish two fifths of its
capital, substantially as a bonus to insure the con-
struction of the road.
Mr. RUSK. Will the Senator allow me to
^MnCHASE. Certainly; with pleasure.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator talks of a corpora-
tion. Why, it is limited by the terms of the bill.
He speaks of a bonus of forty millions of dollars
being granted to the company. If he will look at
the bill, he will find that not one dollar is to be
paid until a section of the road is done, and then
not until the company has invested three fourths
more than the Government in the construction of
the road. Besides, in nearly every line of this
bill this enormous corporation, which is such a
bugbear to gentlemen, is controlled and restrained
from mischief.
Mr. CHASE. That is the universal answer to
arguments against these great and powerful cor-
porations. It is always said that the corporation
is so limited and controlled that it can do no mis-
chief.
Mr. RUSK. The gentleman can move to strike
it out, if he does not like it.
Mr. CHASE. But it stands there now, and I
am arguing on this bill as it stands, and comparing
it with the amendment under consideration. It is
said, also, by the honorable Senator from Texas,
that this amount of forty millions is only to be
appropriated as the work proceeds. Grant it; but
still the road is to become the property of this
corporation, and they are to have the forty mil-
lions. It makes no difference, so that the road is
built, whether the forty millions be paid at the
commencement or on the completion of the road.
The only object of withholding payment is to in-
sure the construction of the road.
Now, why should we not avail ^urselves of the
information to be derived from these surveys and
explorations? Why legislate in advance of the
information essential to prudent legislation ? Do
Senators say we cannot legislate, even with full
infownation before us? Every one admits that we
have at present no sufficient information in regard
to the different routes by which a road may be
made to connect the valley of the Mississippi and
the Pacific ocean. That is true. We have no
sufficient information at present. We know very
little as to the New Mexican route, via Albu-
querque, and through Walker's Pass. Weknow
still less, perhaps, as to that other route which
goes up the Arkansas and through the South Park.
We are best acquainted with a third route which
goes through the South Pass. And we know one
thing, that though the New Mexican route seems
to have received the special attention of Govern-
ment, and has had the favor of more extensive
explorations by Government officers than any
other, the voluntary explorations of the people—
the emigrating masses whose travel has made high-
ways to California and Oregon through the heart
of the continent—have been through the South
Pass. What emigrant has ever voluntarily traveled
from the Mississippi river to San Francisco by
Albuquerque, by Zuiii, by the Colorado, and by
Walker's Pass? „
Mr. RUSK. Hundreds have gone by El Paso.
Mr. CHASE. But I ask who has gone by
this route which I have mentioned ? I undertake
to say not one hundred persons ever went orer
that route. . '
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator will permit me
to state, that a very considerable emigration from
the State of Arkansas has passed by choice over
the route via Albuquerque and through Walker s
Pass in the mountains, and successfully.
Mr. GWIN. This route has been known for
seventy-five years. .
Mr. CHASE. I know there is an old Spanish
trail in that direction, and I do not doubt that^the
route has been traveled to some extent from New
Mexico to San Francisco; but I say it is not the
route of emigration, and I appeal to the common
information of the country to sustain me in the
assertion.  
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator will permit me
to state further, that there is certain information,
not only that persons have gone from New Mex-
ico, but that a considerable emigration, starting
from the frontier of Arkansas, went in the direc-
tion of Santa Fe; and, from information which
they there got, and which was satisfactory to
them, a large portion of them turned to the south
and went through Albuquerque and by Walker s
Pass in the mountains; the others went in a more
northerly direction, and through the South Pass.
The result was. that those who went by Albu-
querque hud ilie must expeditious and P'^sant
route, and they wrote back to Aeirfriendsthatit
was not only practicable, but one of the best routes
