662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
that could well be conceivcd of across the conti- I
nent. .
Mr. CHASE. I have not denied that there is a
practicable route for a railroad there. 1 do not
know whether there is or not. My friend from
Arkansas says people have traveled from the Rio
Grande to the Pacific through Walker's Puss, and
found it a good route. I am strongly inclined to
the opinion that if he will examine carefully the
facts he relies on, he will be apt to correct his im-
pression that the route he refers to is the same
with that designated in the bill of the Senator from
California, which is the one I am speaking of.
But however this may be, the fact remains be-
yond question that the great route of emigration
is that through the South Pass. Let it not be
said, however, that I am urging any particular
route. I do not design what I have said as an
argument in favor of the northern route, or of the
middle route, or of the southern route. I am only
stating these facts to show that we have not suf-
ficient information to enable us to determine the
proper route now. And if we have not, the Pres-
ident has not. What then should be done? Ob-
viously, what any prudent, practical man, having
a similar private enterprise in hand would do: as-
certain the best route; settle upon the proper ter-
mini. If it shall be found that those termini are
Memphis on the one side, and San Francisco on
the other, and that the best route is through Walk-
er's Pass, I pledge myself to go heartily and
cheerfully for that route. If, on the other haijd,
it be found thaf-another route and another termi-
nus in the Mississippi valley are demanded by
the public interests, 1 am willing to trust the sense
of public duty, which must govern the decisions
of every Senator, for the right decision in favor of
the best route. I go, and 1 believe the Senate will
go, for the cheapest, safest, most direct, and most
expeditious route, no matter where it is.
Mr. President, this is no sectional question. By
no ingenuity—by no process of torture even, can
it be converted into a sectional question. No man
expects a more northern terminus for this road
than Independence, in Missouri. Well, Missouri I
is identified, by her institutions, with the southern
States; and if you look at the map you will find
that this town of Independence is nearer to the j
Gulf of Mexico than it is to the northern border I
of Minnesota or Michigan.* I repeat, then, this
is no sectional question. The word sectional ought
never to be uttered in connection with this road.
Let us ascertain the proper termini and the proper
route, and make the road where it ought to be I
made. |
Mr. President, this amendment contemplates !
another object, and one, in my judgment, of !
very great importance. That very provision in
it which has been especially denounced by the
Senator from Connecticut, seems to me to be the
one which ought especially to recommend it to the
Senate. The bill of the Select Committee propo- i
ses to give $40,000,000 outright to the corpora-
tion to be created. This amendment provides, on
the contrary, for receiving proposals from indi-
viduals and companies for the construction of the
road. The Senator asks, who will make propo-
sals under the amendment, when they know
nothing about the route ? Let me ask, in return, j
who will make proposals under this bill if they
know nothing about the route? The objection, if
valid at all, is fatal to the bill as well as to the
amendment. But we all know that proposals are
made and works undertaken upon general inform- j
alion only. It is very easy for a company to
determine what amount of money or land will
form a sufficient inducement to embark the neces-
sary capital in the construction of a road between |
certain termini and on a given route without
 -—-—■  —— ,  i
•Note—I annex some measurements made at my re- 1
quest by a friend :
Independence is six hundred and fifty miles from the Gulf
of Menco, our southern boundary. !
Independence is six hundred and seventy five miles from
the northern boundary of Minnesota; and six hundred and I
ninety miles from the northern boundary of Miclnean. on
the south shore of Lake Superior.
San Francisco is distant from Independance 1,530 miles
•' " " Van Buren 1,580 «
" St. Louis 1 755 «
" " " Memphis 1,810 "
_ " a " " Cairo 1,835 «
The above distances were found by straight-tine measure-
ment on the map of the United Stales, m Mitchell's Atlas
Independence is in latitude 39'—a few minates further
north than Washington city.
San Franciscois in latitude 37° 30'.
minute information as to the precise amount of
excavation or embankment required, or the exact
measurement of every curve and grade. What
is wanted is a general exploration and survey,
general information as tn the character of the
route, the obstacles to be overcome and the distance
to be traversed. The fuller the information of
course the better; but the fullest and most exact
information is not necessary to base proposals
upon. The Senator, then, may dismiss his fears
that no proposals can be obtained under this
amendment. Let him consider how they are to
be obtained under the bill.
This amendment, then, is recommended by the
considerations of economy. It will bring into com-
petition the various companiesand individuals who
have thought of embarking in the construction of
this road. It will bring competing proposals from
the Boston company, the New York company,and
various othercompanies organized and to be organ-
ized, and who does not see that among these com- ;
petitors, there is the strongest probability, not only
that the cheapest, but the best and safest plan for
the people will be brought out.
A great many considerations will enter into these
proposals. The character of the gauge will be
one ol them; and that, in the present state of our
railroad system, will be one of very considerable
importance. Then there will be the consideration
of the facilities upon the route for the construction
of the road—the supply of timber, of iron, of
water, and of food. Then there will be consider-
ations pertaining to the working of the road after
it is constructed, and chief among these will be the
supply of coal. The report of Captain Stansbury
shows that there is an inexhaustible bed of coal
upon one of these routes. We do not know what
quantities of fuel there may be on the others.
If, then, we adopt the amendment under con-
sideration, we shall have the advantage of inform-
ation. We shall have also theadvantage of com-
petition. And it is my deliberate judgment that
we shall secure the construction of this road in a
shorter time, upon a better plan, and by a better
route, than we shall if we adopt^the provisions of
the bill of the Select Committee. I am therefore
in favor of this amendment. I do not wish to
consume the time of the Senate by any specula-
tions of mine as to the great importance of this
road. I think I see its advantages as clearly, and !
appreciate them as fully as other Senators; but I
shall not dwell upon them now. I will only say,
that so satisfied am I of the necessity of the road, '
and of its vast importance, that I do not entertain
a doubt that it will be constructed. Commerce
and travel, private enterprise and private capital
will make the road, if Congress shall do nothing.
But Congress ought to do something. Congress,
representing the people, who are proprietors of the
vast districts to be traversed by it, ought to do all
that is necessary to insure not its construction
merely, but its construction upon the best plan,
over the best route in the shortest time. The
adoption of the amendment will, in my judgment,
secure all this without conferring upon the Presi-
dent extraordinary powers, and thus establishing
a precedent which may some day lead to conse-
I quences which patriotism and prudence require us
| to shun.
Mr. COOPER obtained the floor. j
Mr. MASON. If the Senator desires to address
the Senate on this question, 1 will renew the mo-
tion which I made a short time ago to postpone the
further consideration of the subject until to-mor-
row, with the view of going into Executive ses-
sion.
The motion to postpone was agreed to, there \
' being, on a division—ayes 20, noes 18. i
! EXECUTIVE SESSION.
I On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein the doors were
I reopened, and I
| The Senate adjourned. '
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 17, 1853.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. LETCHER. There is manifestly no quo-
rum present. 1 move that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion. We might just as well
have the Journal read. We can do that without
a quorum, and by the time the Journal is read, a
quorum will have appeared. This practice of
having a call of the House before the Journal is
read, is a new order of things altogether. I never
saw it done until the present session. There are
members enough here to amend the Journal if it
needs amending.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It requires a
quorum to have the Journal read.
The SPEAKER. There is an express rule to
that effect.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am aware of that, but I
have never seen it insisted on until the present
session.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I hope the gentleman
from Virginia wilt withdraw his motion for a call
of the House. A quorum will have appeared by
the time the Journal is read.
Mr. STEPHENS. I hope not. We shall
never have a quorum here at eleven o'clock, unless
we have a call of the House and carry it through.
The question was then taken on Mr. Letcher's
motion that there be a call of the House, and on a
division, there were—ayes 27, noes 25.
So the motion was agreed to.
The roll was accordingly called, and 130 mem-
bers answered to their names.
The doors of the House were then closed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has a quorum
appeared ?
The SPEAKER. One hundred and thirty gen-
tlemen have answered to their names.
Mr. JONES. Then I movethatall furtherpro-
ceedings in the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to, and the doors were
accordingly reopened.
Mr. GOODENOW. I desire to say that my
colleague, Mr. Smart, has been confined to the
house for several days 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to this irregular
proceeding.
The Journal of yesterday was th«n read and
approved.
RECIPROCAL TRADE.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of House bill
(No. 360) " establishing reciprocal trade with the
British North American Colonies upon certain
conditions," reported from the Committee on
Commerce, and that there was a motion pending
to refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and alse a motion to
recommit it to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would inquire if the
morning hour has commenced ? I want to ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take up a bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to everything out
of the regular order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Well, I ask if the morn-
ing hour has commenced ?
The SPEAKER. It has commenced.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I will not make
my request now.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, who was en-
titled to the floor, addressed the House in favor
of the passage of the bill, and pointed out the
great advantages which would result to the United
States by the establishment of a reelprocal trade
with the British North American colonies.
[His remarks will bepublishedintheAppendix.l
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, obtained the floor.
Mr. MEACHAM. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave, with the consent of
the gentleman from Maine, to introduce joint res-
olutions of the State of Vermont, instructing her
Representatives on this subject.
There was no objection, and the resolutions
were introduced, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would ask the gentle-
man to yield, that I may offer an amendment to
the first section of the bill. It is not very long.
Mr. TUCK. I object to the amendment,
i Mr. FULLER, t wish to extend the same
j courtesy to the gentleman from North Carolina
j that I did to the gentleman from Vermont. I do
not yield the floor, however, for the submission of
any remarks on the amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire only the intro-
duction of the amendment. If I get the floor on
to-morrow, I Bhall say something in its favor,
