666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
bill it is introduced, but as the House is now full,
I prefer to propose it at this time.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
.iml t>e Uf.trf/ter enacted, That the Gierke, messengers,
watchmen, <md laborers emplo>ed at an annual salary,or
fn temporary positions in the Executive and Legislative De-
partments nl" the Government, in the city of Washington,
whose annual compensation does not exceed twelve hun-
dred dollars, shall, in addition thereto, be allowed an in-
creased coinpeii>atmn of twenty percent.; all whose com-
pensation shall exceed twelve hundred, and shall lie less
than sixteen hundred dollars, shall receive an additional
compensation often per cent upon the amount of their
salaries : Provided, That no snlary shall be increased to more
than sixteen hundred dollars by the per cent, or additional
compensation herein provided for, and that the same shall
be paid out of any money 111 the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated : Provided, That this section shall not extend
to more than one salary of any person receiving a salary
for di-chargmg the duties of more than one office at the
same time, or to anv person who does not actually discharge
the duties of the office lor which he receives such salary,
or to any person engaged in prosecuting any claim other than
his own before any Department or Congress; and that in
case anv pav or accounting officer of the Government shall
pay said additional percenragu to any such person, it shall
be'a iinsdenieaner 111 the person knowingly paying or re-
ceiving such additional percentage, rendering each liable to
indictment and puHishinent by tine and imprisonment: Pro-
vided. further. That the increase of salary given by this
sei't'on shall not extend beyond the present fiscal year, with-
out further legislation.
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise toaquestion of order.
This amendment is not in order, as it proposes an
appropriation which is not provided for by law,
and is in contravention of existing laws. The
fact that this thing has been once done does not
sanctify the law.
Mr. BOWIE. This amendment is a literal
transcript of the second section of the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill passed in September,
1832.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the appropriation was made
last session, contrary to law, 1 hope the House
will reverse it now.
Mr. HIBBARD. It proposes to alter the crim-
inal law of the land, and is most clearly out of
order; and however many times it may have been
done heretofore, it cannot be admissible under any
rule.
The CHAIRMAIjl, The question is not de-
batable; but the Chair would like to hear the sug-
gestions of gentlemen.
Mr BRENTON. There is another question,
and that is, whether it is in order as an additional
section at this stage of the bill? It purports to be
a separate section.
The CHAIRMAN. If it be in order at all,
the Chair is of opinion that it would come in
more properly at the end of the bill, where the
miscellaneous sections are inserted.
Mr. BOWIE. I do not desire to trouble the
House. If it is the desire of the House that the
question of order should be postponed, and the
amendment presented at the end of the bill, I will
give notice that it is my intention to offer it as an
additional section.
Mr. HIBBARD. I hope the gentleman will
offer it now, that we may settle the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland offers an amendment, and a question of
order is raised. The Chair is in some doubt in
deciding the question, for the reason that at the
preceding session the amendment was held to be
in order. The Chair, however, is of the opinion
that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. WALSH. In the civil and diplomatic bill
of the last session we increased the salary of the 1
Minister to China, and increased the amount to ,
be paid to the Minister to Turkey. j
Mr. TOOMBS. Ministers' salaries are not \
fixed by law, and that is an answer to the whole '
case. j
Mr. WALSH. They are fixed by law. I
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; they are never fixed
by law. j
Mr. WALSH. The law fixed the salary at
$6,000, and we increased it to $9,000.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
If the gentleman is out of order, the rules ought
to be enforced upon him; and I understood the
Chair to decide that he was out of order.
Mr. BOWIE. I rise to inquire whether, if I
submit the question of order now, T would be
precluded from offering it as an additional section
at the termination of the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can change
the phraseology, and offer it again.
Mr. BOWIE. If the Chair decides that the
] amendment is out of order, I appeal from the
decision.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Mary-
land has offered an amendment, which has been
read. The Chair decided that it is out of order,
on the ground that it is not embraced within either
of the three classes of amendments competent to
be offered under the 81st rule. From that decision
the gentleman from Maryland appeals, and the
question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the committee ?"
The question was then put, and the decision of
the Chair was sustained.
The following section being under considera-
tion, viz:
" For specimens of ores and coins, to be reserved at the
Mint, three hundred dollars
Mr. DEAN offered the following amendment:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
and directed, to establish at the city of New York, in con-
nection with the office of the Assistant Treasurer of the
United Stales, in the city of New York, an assay office,
for refining, assaying, and casting into bars or ingots, gold
in gram or lump; and the Director of the United States
Mint, at Philadelphia, is hereby authorized and directed to
employ one or more competent assayers, and such other
[ persons as may be necessary to assay, refine, and cast into
bars and ingots, such gold in grain or lump as may b" pre-
sented for that purpose. And it shall be the duty of said
assayers and other persons thus employed, to assay, refine,
and cast into bars or ingots, and mark the value thereof on
each bar, such gold in grain or lump as shall be presented
for that purpose: Provided, That the persons presenting or
owning said gold shall pay the expense of said assaying or
refining, and marking said bars : jind provided further, That
said assay office shall be under the contiol and direction of
the Director of the United States Mint, at Philadelphia.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I make
this point, that the amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment out of order.
Mr, DEAN. I appeal from the decision of the
! Chair. The question is not debatable, but have
j I not the right to state my grounds of appeal?
j 1 he CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has that
right.
Mr. DEAN. I presume the Chair bases his
decision upon the 81st rule of the House, which
is merely that an amendment proposing certain
appropriations, is not in order. But my amend-
ment provides for no appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is debating
; the question and is not stating the grounds of ap-
peal. The Chair hopes he will confine himself to
a statement of the grounds upon which he takes
! the appeal.
! Mr. DEAN. The grounds are these: That
j amendment, as the committee will see if they
J1 examine it, contains no appropriation, and changes
! no existing law.
Mr. FLORENCE. I callthe gentleman to or-
! der. He is debating the question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
, gentleman is debating the amendment.
Mr. DEAN. I am stating what the amend-
ment is.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out of
order.
Mr. DEAN. I ask that the 81st rule may be
read.
Mr. WASHBURN. If I understandjthe gen-
1 tleman, he claims that the amendment is in order
because it provides for no appropriation.
' Mr. DEAN. That is so.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the most conclu-
sive reason why it is not in order. The gentle-
man appeals from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. HIBBARD. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his appeal. lama friend of the New York
Mint and voted for it, but his amendment is clearly
out of order.
1 Mr. DEAN. I wish to state one other fact.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out of
order in stating facts, as gentlemen have objected
to a statement of anything.
Mr. DEAN. I wish to have a law read.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order.
Mr. DEAN. In 1850 a law precisely similar
to this was passed.
The CHAIRMAN. The question on the ap-
peal is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the committee?"
The question was then taken, and the decision
of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 propose at this point to offer
the following amendment:
Provived, That of the gold coinage, there shall be coined
at least two and a half millions of pieces of quarter eagles.
I should have offered some other amendment if
the gentleman front Philadelphia [Mr. Chandler]
had been present, but I am not disposed to take
advantage of his absence. My object in offering
this amendment is, first, because we have passed a
bill making merchandise of gold, by allowing it to
be cast into bars and ingots, which relieves the
Mint from a great deal of labor in casting the
double eagle gold pieces, which are used mainly
for exportation. The second object I have in view
is, to provide the great body of the people with
small coin fit for circulation, which will, in some
degree do away with the immense and unnecessary
quantity of bank paper now in circulation. The
two and a half dollar gold piece is the most desir-
able coin, but it is coin difficult to be got at, and
in the present state of the coinage, is a rara avis in
commercial circulation. Last year $51,500,000
were coined in twenty dollargold pieces, and only
$1,159,381 were coined into quarter eagles.
I propose by that amendment that the Mint
next year shall coin two and a half millions of
quarter eagle pieces, making six and a quarter
millions of dollars, his not right,or just that the
Mint employed by the country, should be devoted
to the coining of twenty dollar pieces for exporta-
tion, when it is desirable on the part of the peo-
ple to have gold coin in .two and a half dollar
pieces, which are not desirable for exportation,
and which, in all probability, will be likely to cir-
culate among the great body of the people. I can
see no objection to it, unless it comes from gentle-
men who desire to have the Mint coin only large
I ingots for the purpose of exportation, ajid not for
the use of the people.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to the gentleman's
proposition for two very obvious reasons. Ac-
cording to existing laws, depositors can place their
gold at the Mint and have it coined into whatever
kind of pieces they please. Is there any hardship
in that? The gentleman says that it is done at the
! public expense. Seigniorage is charged for the
purpose of defraying the expense of coinage; but
the gentleman wants the Government to coin for
nothing. Whether you charge seigniorage or not,
the taking of the bullion deposited in your Mint
and putting it into coin under some fanciful idea
that it will go into circulation is unjust to the de-
positor. Just so much will go abroad as com-
merce demands. I have heard the idea advanced
that if you stopped coining silver dollars, our half
dollars would not be taken abroad. They will be
taken so long as commercially needed, and no
longer. And you very wisely at this session passed
a law thatthe Mintmight,ifwanted,assayandcast
gold bullion into ingots. Depositors, under laws
which have existed since the beginning of the
Mint,can easily have their bullion, if they want it,
coined into one thousand dollar slugs, ten dollar,
' or two and a half dollar pieces. This is an inter-
ference with the rights of citizens, under a fanci-
ful idea of public advantage, which has not the
least foundation. Let the matter alone.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
question of order. This amendment alters the
law in regard to coinage, and makes no appropri-
ation whatever; and is, therefore, out of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will state, in
addition to what the gentleman has stated, that
we passed, a few days since, a bill allowing de-
positors to have their gold coined or cast into bars
and ingots, as they chose.
Mr. BROOKS. Here are four items of appro-
priation. TheamendmentI propose is, that those
appropriations shall not be made, unless on the
condition specified. Now, have we not the right,
in making an appropriation, to stipulate the con-
ditions on which it is made ? That is all I propose
by my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. DUNHAM. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Add, afler the appropriations for the Mint at Philadel-
phia, the following: •
Provided, That hereafter the standard fineness of the
three-cent pieces is hereby raised to nine and one hundred
thousandths, to correspond with the other coinage of the
United States.
Mr. DUNHAM. I presume that when the
committee understands the amendment, there will
be no objection to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will «ay to my friend from
