1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
Indiana, that an amendment involving precisely
the same principle has been ruled out of order by
the Chair, and that, if this one be received as in
order, there are perhaps twenty others behind that
will be put forward. I am compelled to raise the
point of order. I am in favor of the amendment,
and would vote for it, if it were up in order.
Mr. DUNHAM. If the gentleman will with-
draw his objection, I think that the committee, on
undertanding the object and effect of the amend-
ment, will agree to it. If there be no objection, I
will make a brief explanation.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am compelled to insist on
my point of order.
Mr. DUNHAM. If you will withdraw your
objection nobody else will object.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to strike out the lines
under the head of the Mint at Dahlonega, as fol-
lows:
"For incidental and contingent expenses, including
wastage, in addition to other available funds, $1,400."
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment is not in order, because the com-
mittee have passed that portion of the bill pro-
posed to be stricken out.
Mr. BROOKS. Is anything in order with the
gentleman from Alabama ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Factious opposition is not
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment may be
offered by the gentleman from New York in
order.
Mr. BROOKS. Perhaps, then, the gentleman
from Alabama is out of order, and the gentleman
from New York is in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not understand the
Chair as pronouncing such an opinion.
Mr. BROOKS. Tne gentleman from Alabama,
when he undertakes to rebuke the gentleman
from New York, will first procure the sanction of
the rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not undertake to re-
buke the gentleman. If I had, I have grounds
enough to do it, as he well knows.
The CHAIRMAN. Order!
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman from Alabama
being out of order, I will proceed to state the
grounds of my amendment. [Laughter.] 1 indulge
in no feeling against the Mint at Dahlonega.
The CHAIRMAN. If the Chair heard the
gentleman, he proposed to strike out lines 507,
508, and 509.
Mr. BROOKS. I did; and the ground on
which I propose to strike them out is, that until
there is a Mint at New York, where thegold coin-
age of the country goes, I do not see the neces-
sity of keeping up a Mint in the State of Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not either. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman from Georgia
says that he does not see the reason for keeping
up a Mint in Georgia. 1 deeply regret that a
gentleman so well acquainted with the subject of
a Mint in his own State, has left me to introduce
this amendment for the saving of this expenditure
of the public money. I do not feel that it is right
or just on the part of the Government to sustain
Mints in these remote places, when the city of
New York, to which is imported the greater por-
tion of the bullion, is unprovided with a Mint.
The operation of a provision of the act passed the
other day, would be to tax the city of New York,
which I have the honor in part to represent, one
quarter of a million of dollars for seigniorage.
Before that act had.been approved by the Presi-
dent, the provision which received the gentleman's
" ay" has been repealed by the Senate; and when
that proposition of repeal comes here, the gentle-
man, I presume, will vote to nullify his own
affirmative record, and for the repeal.
Mr. TOOMBS. How do you know that?
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman asks me how
I know that. He was guided by the vote he gave
by the wisdom of others in the other branch of
the National Legislature, who framed the bill, and
if he follows the precedent, he will be guided by
the same sort of wisdom in voting for the repeal
, of that which he voted for a few days before.
Mr. TOOMBS. The gentleman has made
rather a curious onslaught on me. He has mixed
in several things besides his amendment. So far
as the Senate repealing a law is concerned, I will
only say that I do not think they ean do it. I
do not know on what ground the gentleman states
that I would vote for any bill passed by the Sen-
ate. That the Senate have repealed a provision
of a bill which passed this body, furnishes the
gentleman with no reason for saying that I will
vote for the proposition to repeal. 1 do look to
committees for information with regard to mat-
ters to which they have directed their attention,
but some matters 1 look into for myself. 1 re-
gret to say, however, that I am in the habit of
getting but little from them, especially with regard
to local questions. [Laughter.] So far as the ap-
propriation for the Mint at Dahlonega is con- |t
cerned, I will tell the gentleman that that portion
of the business of this House is not under my I
charge. 1 will frankly state, that 1 believe the
Mints at Dahlonega and Charlotte'are unneces-
sary, and that a Mint at New York is unnecessary.
I will vote against the establishment of one there,
and for the doing away with the others when the
question is regularly presented. The appropria-
tion proposed to be stricken out is a just one. If
the gentleman's amendment is ruled to be in order,
I will vote for it. I do not desire to continue
abuses one hour in Georgia, any more than I
would in the city of New York. I am willing to
pull up all abuses by the roots. As I have said
already, I think the Mints at Charlotte and Dah-
lonega unnecessary, and that another ought not to
be established at New York. I presume that has
all along been the difficulty with the gentleman.
I have opposed abuses wherever they were at-
tempted to be established.
The free people of Georgia, who live by their own
labor,are no more benefited by an abuse in Georgia
than in New York. The recipients of the public
plunder may be benefited in Georgia, but not the
mass of its people. 1 think that the existing Mint
is adequate to the wants of the country. I am not
willing to support abuses because they are at home,
and I wish that was more generally the case with
members. The general rule seems to be that you
may plunder the Treasury if you can do so for the
benefit of your own constituents. Many gentlemen
think they are sent here for that purpose. My con-
stituents sent me for no such purpose, but to favor
an honest and fair government at home and abroad.
I shall endeavor to do so by my votes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Have I a
right, Mr. Chairman, to move an amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can move
an amendment to the portion proposed to be
stricken out before that question is put.
Mr. STEVENS. I then move to strike out
the word " four" from the portion proposed to be
stricken out by the gentleman from New York. I
should not have thought it worth while to trouble
the committee with a word if the gentleman from j
Georgia had not signified his intention to vote for
the amendment, and I thought that possibly the
amendment of#the gentleman from New York
might pass by the general consent of the commit-
tee. Now, sir, 1 think you cannot adopt that i
amendment, although I am willing to make a re- '
duction, until you repeal the law for the establish-
ment of the Mint. If you are to have a Mint there,
and officers appointed and employed, are you not
to pay all expenses ? It seems to me that th« gen-
tleman was wrong in Baying he would vote for the
amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will vote for the amendment
if it is decided to be in order.
Mr. STEVENS. If it be decided in order I
will vote against it. It app#ars-to me that we are
to be troubled on everyquestion with ghosts. The
ghost of the New York Mint stares us in the face
at every step we take; and the imagination of the
gentleman from New York will, it seems to me,
never get over it. We were troubled with it by
my honorable friend from Philadelphia—now ab-
sent and my honorable friend from New York,
while the Mint question was alive and pending.
They never gave a straightforward vote for fear
it would affect the Mint. They dodged and curled
up until they got almost to look mean. [Laughter.]
I had hoped they would now stand up and straights
'"mtI bRIGGS. I ask the gentleman whether
he means to reflect on my official course since I
have had a seat on this floor? . ..
Mr. STEVENS. Not the least in the world.
I think it was perfectly proper, and I am now in
hopes that he will regain his original shape and
attitude, for that question has gone, and hence it
is I want to lay the ghost, that his official course
may be as straight as ever. It wasall right; there
was no way to get the Mint but to act as he did.
1 do not blame him, therefore, for it. There is
not a man more devoted to a particular question,
or more honorable in carrying it out, or who
would go further, in every honest and fair means
of course. [Laughter.]
I think we must vote against the amendment of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.] I
would be for repealing all these little Mints that
coin the three-cent pieces, for I believe that is all
they are used for down in Georgia. I would re-
peal them all. I would have the Mint in Phila-
delphia, where it isnece88Hry,and, if it should be-
come necessary, in New York too. All 1 mean to
say is, that so long as the Mints exist, pay those
who are employed in them, and not starve them;
for that seems to be the object of the amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not wish to make any
particular fight upon this Dahlonega Mint, and I
withdraw the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. And I mine.
Mr. MEADE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the coinage at the Mint and branches of one million
of quarter eagles, and one million of gold dollars, three
millions five hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the same amend-
ment which has been ruled out of order.
Mr. MEADE. The amendment proposed by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
and ruled out of order, is different from the one I
propose. That purported to change the law. This
provides for a simple appropriation of $3,500,000
out of the Treasury of the United States, to be
coined into quarter eagles and gold dollars.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any law author-
izing such an appropriation out of the Treasury ?
Mr. MEADE. There is no law particularly
in regard to it; but we are upon that subject now.
It is an appropriation in connection with the
Mints for the coinage of certain pieces of coin of
which the country stands greatly in need.
The CHAIRMAN. It is a similar amend-
ment, in effect, to the one offered by the gentleman
j from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] and the Chair
| rules it out of order.
i Mr. MEADE. I take an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Meadb] has proposed an amendment,
! which the Chair rules out of order. The gentle-
man appeals from the decision of the Chair, and
the question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?"
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affimative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The following clause was then read, viz:
" For salaries of governor, superintendent of Indian af-
fairs, three judges, and secretary, nine thousand seven
hundred dollars."
Mr. McLANAHAN. I offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of that clause:
For compensation to Elins P. West, late United States
attorney for the Territory of New Mexico, for extra services
rendered by direction of the courts of New Mexico, the
sum of one thousand and forty dollars.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that to be a private claim.
Mr. McLANAHAN. 1 presume that under
the 81st rule this amendment would be in order.
It reads:
" No appropriation shall be reported in snch general ap-
propriation bills, or be in order as an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not previously authorized by law, un-
less in continuation of appropriations for such public works
and objects as are already in progress, and for the contin-
gencies for carrying on the several Departments of the Gov-
ernment."
I think a word of explanation would enable me
to show that this appropriation would be correct.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Virginia insist upon his point of order ?
Mr. LETCHER. I do.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is oftheopin-
ion that the amendment provides for the payment
of a private claim, and it is not in order; the ser-
vices having been rendered and not to be rendered.
Mr. McLANAHAN. Will the Chair allow
me to make a suggestion ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would be
pleased to hear the suggestion of the gentleman
! from Pennsylvania.
