1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
669
in accordance with the well-defined principles of
common-law. I believe that such has invariably
been the decision in England, when questions of
privilege have been tested. I repeat, if Judge
Crawford has made the decision, I undertake to
say, that lie is sustained by law, and whatever
the gentleman's opinion may be, in regard to the
propriety of the law, it is the law; and the maxim
of every good judge should be "Stare decisis."
Mr. WALSH. I apprehend that this is not an
ordinarv question of privilege, but that the decis-
ion of Judge Crawford has been in reference to the
analogy suggested by the course of the courts.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to amend the amendment:
Mr. WALSH. I move, pro forma, to increase
the appropriation five dollars. The proceedings
of a court of justice, where the attendance of the
clerk is necessary, might be interrupted if a sub-
ptna could come in from another court and take
him from his duties. The court, therefore, have
to protect themselves; and it has been the course
of judicial decisions that the clerk of a court, while
actually engaged in the performance of his duty,
cannot be interrupted by the operation of a sub-
peua from another tribunal. But the case is not
without a remedy. The course with regard to
the courts is for the clerk to apply to the judges for
leave of absence.
Mr. LETCHER. I shall have to call the gen-
tleman from Maryland to order. I cannot see
what his speech has to do with adding five dollars
to the appropriation.
Mr. WALSH. I was about to say that on
application to the tribunal where the clerk is em-
ployed, they have always allowed him to go be-
fore the tribunal that may require his attendance,
and in that way the public suffers no inconve-
nience, and there is no conflict of jurisdiction.
Mr. STANLY. I am opposed to the amend-
ment to the amendment. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary, has too much regard for his repu-
tation as a lawyer to back the decision of the
judge, as I understand him. He says, If the
judge decided so and so. There is much virtue
in an "if." I understand the gentleman dodges
from saying that the judge decided right. If so,
I commend his discretion in evading the point
presented to him, and shielding himself behind
an "if." [Laughter.]
Mr. McLANAHAN. I do not shield myself
behind an "if." But I say this: that if Judge
Crawford made that decision, which the gentleman ,
from North Carolina says he has heard that he
made, I will undertake to assert that he made it
on precedent and according to law. It is the only
decision he could make legally, under the circum-
stances stated by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina.
Mr. STANLY. Well, there is an " if" still.
The gentleman says if Judge Crawford did so
and so.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I say if he made the
decision that you impute to him, it is in accord-
ance with the law of the land. Does the gentle-
man gainsay it?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I must
really call these gentlemen to order. This debate
has nothing to do with the pending amendment.
Mr. STANLY. And I call the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to order, for he has nothing to do
with this question. He informed the House, some
time since, that he was a military character here.
[Laughter.] He is a lawyer at home, but not in
the House of Representatives.
Now, sir, what the British Parliament has de- 1
cided, is not to guide us in this business. Mem-
bers of Parliament may have, and have privileges
that we have not. We are guided by a written
Constitution. It is certainly a new idea, that an
officer of this House—a messenger, for instance—
is to be shielded from going before a public tri-
bunal , because he is employed to carry mails be-
tween the Capitol and one of the Departments.
That is the point presented here, and that is the
point which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. McLanahan] dodges. If Judge Crawford
says it is law, it is law; if Judge Crawford says it
is not law, it id not law. That is the decision of i
the learned chairman of the Judiciary Committee '
of this House! [Laughter.] j
But the gentleman says, suppose all the officers j j
of the House should be arrested, business could il
not go on. Well, sir, members of the House can 11
be arrested for a breach of the peace. The gen-
tleman ought to strike out that feature of the Con-
stitution, because every one of us here might get
into a fight, and all be arrested for a breach of the
peace, and then the public business would be
stopped.
Mr. WALSH. I now withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Meade's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. WALSH. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the section:
And the same amount per diem shall be hereafter paid to
the jurors of the district courts of the United States as is
paid to the circuit courts thereof.
Mr. HOUSTON. I raise a question of order
upon that amendment. It is not in order to regu-
late the fees of jurors and witnesses in this bill.
Mr. WALSH. This bill makes an appropria-
tion of money for the administration of justice. It
is surely in order to provide how a particular por-
tion of it shall be expended.
Mr. HOUSTON. We have already passed a
fee bill. This is a bill to appropriate money for
purposes already sanctioned by law.
Mr. CHAIRMAN. Is there any existing law
providing for the payment of jurors?
Mr. WALSH. Yes, sir; there is.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that this amendment proposes to change that law.
Mr. WALSH. It only proposes to appropri-
ate a portion of this money in a particular man-
ner.
The CHAIRMAN. But it changes the exist-
ing law.
Mr. WALSH. That will be the opes-ation of
it; but the amendment only directs how a portion
of the appropriation shall be expended.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that the
amendment is out of order.
Mr. GOODENOW. I offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the clause
now under consideration:
Provided, That no clerk of any of the courts of the Uni-
ted States shall be permitted to appear and act as attorney
or counsel in any cause in the court of which lee is clerk.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is not in order.
Mr. MEADE. I have an amendmeait to offer
which comes in before that. I move to amend
the clause now under consideration by striking
out the word " six" and inserting " four," so as
to make the sum $472,900, instead of $672,900.
I will state briefly the reason why I offer that
amendment. We have a bill now before us
which has been returned from the Semate, with a
few immaterial amendments, reforming the law
upon the subject of the costs of our judiciary. If
that bill passes, I have no doubt thai it will save
to the country $200,000 per annum, which is the
amount I propose to reduce this appropriation. I
think that if the committee were to Btrike out'' six
hundred thousand," and insert "four hundred 1
thousand," it would create a necessity to have
that bill passed during the present Congress; and
I do think that anything which wrmld compel the
House to take up that bill—by which $200,000
will be saved to the country—and pass it, ought
to meet with the favorable consideration of the
committee. If my amendment is adopted, it will
involve the absolute necessity of passing that bill.
Mr. TUCK. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Maine [M_r. Goodenow]
proposed an amendment. The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Meade] rose, and, without the
leave of the gentleman from Maine who was en-
titled to the floor, offered an amendment to the
amendment upon which he is now speaking.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentl.eman from New
Hampshire is mistaken. The gentleman from
Virginia rose in his place, and staced that he pro-
posed to offer an amendment to tihe section at a
point preceding the amendment of the gentleman
from Maine.
Mr. MEADE. It is clear to rjymiud that this
section provides $200,000 more t.han is necessary,
if the bill now before the Hous<e, with the amend-
ments from the Senate, passes this body. There-
fore, I propose to strike out from the present ap-
propriation $200,000; and that will impose upon
Congress the necessity of passing the bill to which
1 have alluded, at the present session. I am ap-
prehensive that unless some such fire be placed
upon the backs of members, that bill may be over- ,
slaughed. This bill is one of very great import-
ance, not only for the prevention of improper
practices in the judiciary department of the Gov-
ernment, but also as to the matter of curtailing the
expenses of the Government to the amount of
$200,000, and it may be more. I hope, therefore,
my amendment will meet with favor from the com-
mittee, and that this bill to which I have alluded,
will pass the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia proposes, in the first place, a very novel
mode of legislation. He proposes, in advance of
the legislation which he expects upon the part of
the House, to reduce the appropriation which
otherwise will be necessary for the purpose of
carrying on a very important branch of the public
service—the judiciary of the country. Suppose
we reduce this appropriation, and the fee bill to
which he alludes does not pass. Why, sir, the
result will be that it will impose upon the next
Congress the necessity of passing a very large de-
ficiency to meet the reduction.
But again: if the gentleman had sufficiently
looked into the facts, he would have found, that
if that fee bill should pass, it would not reduce
the expenses of the Government to the amount he
now seems to anticipate. When the bill was be-
fore the House at the last session of Congress, I
sent it to the proper Department for the estimates
under it. Estimates were framed upon the bill as
it then stood, and probably as it passed this House,
and there was but a small reduction upon the es-
timates under the existing laws. I understand
the gentleman upon my right from New York
makes the calculation that it will increase the ex-
pense in the State of New York under that bill,
but I know the proper officer of the Government
estimated the expense under this bill, at the last
session, as largely over $500,000.
Mr. McLANAHAN. Just one word. Upon
that point I take issue with the gentleman from
New York. Probably the strongest opposition
to this bill comes from New York. Those inter-
ested alleged that under the fee bill the offices
will not be worth the attention of any competent
man.
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot stop for the gentle-
man to settle that issue. I am only alluding to
its application to this amendment. I say, that by
reference to a communication made from the
Comptroller's Office at the last session, you will
find that the estimates under this bill, as reported
by the chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, were largely over $500,000.
Mr. McLANAHAN. They have been before
as high as $600,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The appropriation proposed
for that session was for $620,000, and if the bill
had passed in that form, we should have saved
less than $100,000 for that session; but if that
bill should not pass, and we should reduce the
appropriation as proposed by the gentleman from
Virginia, it might prove ruinous to the service.
Mr. STUART. I propose to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the word " four," and in-
serting " five."
I offer this amendment simply for the purpose
of saying that there is no such difficulty existing
as the gentleman from Virginia supposes in reach-
ing the fee bill. It is the first thing in order on
the Speaker's table, after disposing of the Execu-
tive communications, and whenever we proceed
to the business on the Speaker's table, will come
up within thirty minutes for action. So there 13
not such a necessity for passing the amendment
reducing the appropriation, as the gentleman from
Virginia seems to indicate, for that purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to inquire if the
gentleman is in order in this kind of remark?
Mr. MEADE. If the fee bill, then, is to be
passed, we certainly should reduce the appropri-
ation here.
Mr. LETCHER. If the bill is passed, and all
this appropriation is not needed, the money will
remain in the Treasury.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart.] It seems to me this matter may be very
easily settled. Suppose the bill to which the gen-
tleman from Virginia alludes does pass, and we
do not need the whole of the $600,000 to carry
on the service, the money would not be paid out
of the Treasury because it had been appropriated,
unless needed. But this amount is necessary
