670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
under the existing; Jaws, and I think it had better i
be appropriated; and if it should turn out not to |
be needed, it will again return to the Treasury. I
hope, therefore, without further oppos.tion, that
the appropriation will be allowed to pass.
Mr. STUART. With the consent of the com-
mittee, I will withdraw my amendment.
The amendment, by geneial consent, was with-
drawn.
Mr. GOODENOW". I move the following i
as an amendment, to come in at the end of the
same clause of the bill:
Provided, That no clerk of any of the courts of the United
States shall be permitted to appear and act as attorney or
counsel in any case in the court of which he is clerk. ,
Mr. CLARK. I rise to a question of order.
The paragraph to which this is offered as an i
amendment is one providing for the compensation j
of the judges, and fees of the officers of the circuit !
courts, and not for regulating their conduct.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point raised by the gentleman from Iowa, and
rules the amendment to be out of order.
Mr. DUNCAN. I move the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the same section:
For increase of the salary of (he district judge of the dis
trict of Massachusetts, $40j; which &alary shall hereafter be
$*,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The Chair has just ruled a similar
proposition out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. DUNCAN. I think the gentleman from
Tennessee rises upon every question.
Mr. JONES. Yes; and the gentleman from
Te nnessee generally rises right, too.
Mr. STUART. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to come in at that point. I move the follow- i
in£:
Be it farther enacted, That from and after the first Mon- j
day in June next, the offices of all the clerks of the district !
and circuit courts of the United State* shall be deemed and
held to he vacant; and that such vacancies «hall be filled
by appointments to be made in the same manner that Uni-
ted States district attorneys! and marshals are now appoint
ed, and each of said clerks shall give a bond for the faith-
ful discharge of his duties, in the game sum required of the
taar&lial ot Ins di-tnct; and all future appointments of
■ueh clerks shall be made in the same manner, and when
appointed, each shall execute and file the aforesaid bond;
and that all acts and parts of acts contravening the provis-
ions of this net be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a point of order.
That amendment is evidently not in order.
Mr. STUART. I will modify it so that itahall
not appear as coming m as an additional section.
Mr. LETCHER. I raise a point of order upon
it in that or any other shape.
Mr. STUART. Well, sir, 1 do not desire to
discuss the point further than to say, that the
clause to which it refers provides for defraying
the expenses of the United Slates courts, and the
object of my amendment is to lessen those expenses
in the most legitimate way in whicn it can be ac-
complished.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to in-
tjuire of the gentleman whether there is any ex-
isting provisions of law for the appointment of
these officers, or the regulation of their duties?
Mr. JONES. Their appointment is now pro-
vided for by law, but this proposes to change that
law ajtogether.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must decide
the amendment to be out of order.
Mr. GORMAN. 1 move the following as an I
amendment to the same clause of the bill:
For erecting at Indianapolis, Indiana, a suitable building
In which to hold the district and circuitcourisof the United 1
Srntes, and for the preservation nf the hooks and records of
■aid courts, fifteen thousand dollars. I
Mr. JOIsES, of Tennessee. I raise the ques-
tion that that amendment is not in order There ,
191 no law authorizing it, and no estimates by anv I
of the Departments tor it. 1
Mr. GORMAN. There are no estimates made
by the Departments for it, nor do I suppose there
IS any need of any. If we could do nothing ,n
relation to tlie woik until we had estimates for the
work, we should do nothing at all. If you can-
not make any appropriation for a new work until
we have estimates, how should we commence'
Where should we commence? Why, an appro-
priation is necessary in order to make a proper
estimate at all. I insist that the amendment is in
order, under the 81st rule.
j Mr. HOUSTON. There is another point. The
law of 1842 provides that whenever the Govern-
ment desires to build a new house, it shall submit
its estimates for the entire cost of the building and
the plans. The law requires that this shall be done
before the work can be commenced.
Mr. GORMAN. I insist that this amendment
is in order, because the estimates can as well be
made before as after the commencement of the
work. The 81st rule provides that—
" No appropriation shall he reported in such general ap-
propriation bills, or be in order as an amendment thereto,
tor any expenditure not previouslyauthorized by law, unless
in conUnuation of appropriations for such public works and
objects as are already in progress, and for the contingen-
cies (or carrying on the several Departments ol" the Govern-
ment "
Now, I say this amendment comes plainly under
this last head. It is a contingency for carrying on
the judicial department of the Government, and
an essential contingency, too.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order. <
Mr. GOODENOW. I move the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the same
clause:
Provided, No clerk of any of the courts of the United
States shall receive any part of the money herein appropri-
ated, who ac*s or shall act as an attorney or counsel in any
ot said courts."
Mr. Chairman, I believe that amendment is in
order. The object which I have in offering it, is
to remedy an abuse which I understand exists in
many parts of the country. I understand there
are cases where the judges of the United States
courts appoint their own sons as clerks, and
while they receive compensation as clerks, still act
as counsel in cases pending before the same courts.
I think that practice is wrong, and may lead to a
great abuse. I think, further, that it ought to be
reformed by legislation, and therefore I have of-
I fered this amendment, which I hope may meet
i the approbation of the committee.
| Mr. SACKETT. I am opposed to that amend-
| ment, and I propose to say a word or two in ref-
erence to the practice of which the gentleman com-
plains.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
question of order. This clause of the bill provides
for the compensation of the clerks and officers of
the courts, and not who shall be the clerks.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has some
doubt in relation to the legitimacy of that amend-
| ment. He however decides it to be out of order,
1 upon the ground that the effect of it, if adopted,
would be to change the existing laws regulating
I the appointment arid dutieB of clerks. That would
be its practical effect.
! Mr. SACKETT. I cannot see how it will
change the existing law in reference to this matter.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair that this amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has ruled the
j amendment out of order, upon the ground that the
effect of it, if adopted, would be to change the
existing laws providing for the appointment and
payment of the officers therein provided for. From
that decision the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Cleveland] takes an appeal.
The question being, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
it was put, and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. STANLY. I desire at this point to offer
the followiag amendment:
"To aid the directors of the Washington Infirmary to
enlarge their accommodations for the benefit of sick and
transient paupeis, twenty thousand dollars."
Mr. CLARK. I shall be compelled to return
the gentleman's compliment, and make a question
of order upon that amendment. It is precisely of
the same nature as the amendment I offered.
Mr. STANLY. I, with other members, raised
a point of order when he was out of order; he
returns the compliment by calling me to order
when I am in order. That is not a fair return.
The gentleman will not object when he hears my
amendment read. But if the Chair will hear me
state the facts, he will see that the amendment is
in order. There is already a law of Congress
appropriating money to aid thatinstitution. There
is an appropriation made every year to enable this
infirmary to support transient paupers. I do not
know in what bill it comes in. This amendment
relates to the same object, and provides for en-
larging the accommodations for those paupers who
are supported every year by that institution.
TheCHAIRMAN. The Chair decides, upon
that state of facts, that the amendment is in order.
Air. STANTON, of Kentucky. The amend-
ment may be in order, but not in this place. It
would properly come in at the 938th line, where
there is a clause in reference to this Washington
Infirmary. The amendment is not germane to the
clause now under consideration.
TheCHAIRMAN. If the gentleman will al-
low the Chair, he would suggest that it would be
better to withhold the amendment until we reach
the 938th line.
Mr. STANLY. I know my friend from Iowa
will not oppose it.
Mr. CLARK. I cannot hear what the gen-
tleman says, but I should be glad to know upon
what ground his amendment is in order and mine
not.
The CHAIRMAN. Upon the ground that
Congress has been in the habit for many years of
making an annual appropriation for the support of
this particular hospital in the city of Washington.
Mr. SKELTON. By the authority of law?
TheCHAIRMAN. I suppose so.
Mr. STANLY. The Washington Infirmary
is a private corporation, supported by gentleman
whose memorial was laid on our table a few days
ago, signed by Thomas Miller, Joshua Riley,
Grafton Tyler, William P. Johnston, J. F. May,
and R. K. Stone. Congress appropriates $2,000
a year to aid in the support of transient paupers
thrown here on the mercy of the Government,
persons who from all parts of the country come
here on business, laborers on public buildings, and
to obtain pensions, &c. The accommodations are
not sufficiently extensive, and this amendment
proposes to enlarge them. It is indispensable for
the interest of the city that this should be done.
The population isfastincreasing,and this excellent
establishment deserves our aid. It is managed
with medical ability and humanity.
The House was divided on the adoption of the
amendment, and there were—ayes 64; when
Mr. STANLY called for tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. McN air and Millson were
. appointed.
| The question was then taken, and the tellers
j reported—ayes 82, noes not counted.
j So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GORMAN. I move that the committee
do now rise..
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speak-
er having resumed the ohair, the chairman of the
committee [Mr. Orr] reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
had the state of the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly House bill No. 337,
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1854, and had come to no reso-
lution thereon.
On motion by Mr. LETCHER, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers of Thomas Massie, for the
purpose of being returned to him.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
deficiency bill, which has been returned to us from
the Senate, with many amendments, may be taken
up, and referred to the Committee on Ways and
Means, and that the amendments of the Senate
I may be ordered to be printed.
I The question was taken, and the motion was
! agreed to.
I Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I am instruct-
! ed l>y the Committee on Printing to offer the fol-
, lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the ffnuse Committee on Printing cause
the maps accompanying the report of the Superintendent
of the Coast tourvey to he bound in quarto form : Provided,
that the cost shall not exceed eighteen cents per volume ;
| and that they also cause to be bound ihe maps accompany-
I i ng the report of the Secretary of the Treasury, on the trade
, of the British North American Colonies, in a separate vol-
j tune, and >>tyle similar to the maps accompanying the re-
ports of Foster and Whitney, as published by the Senate,
■ provided the cost shall not exceed twelve and a half cents
! per volume.
I desire to say, in explanation of this resolu-
i tion, that the maps accompanying the report of
! 'he Superintendent of the Coast Survey are large,
