1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
671
and cannot be bound in the ordinary form, with
the book, which is required to be bound in octavo
form. Under the resolution directing the doc-
uments of the House to be bound, we have no
authority to bind these maps in that form, except
by the authority of the House.
In reference to the maps accompanying the re-
port on the subject of the fisheries, they do not
make a volume large enough to be bound under
the resolution, and they are so large that they
cannot be bound with the book. Hence the neces-
sity of binding them separately. The price to be
paid for each is only twelve and a half cents.
Mr. STANLY. I hope that the House will
not pass upon this resolution at this late hour in
the day. I do not see the necessity of binding
those maps.
Mr. STANTON. The maps have already been
engraved, and are now in the hands of the binder,
who cannot proceed without this authority.
Mr. STANLY. How long have they been in
his hands?
Mr. STANTON. They have been finished
nearly six months.
Mr. STANLY. I have not heard of any Coast
Survey maps ha«inj been bound hitherto. The
survey has been going on for more than fifty years,
if I mistake not, and this is the first time the maps
have been proposed to be bound.
Mr. GORMAN. I will explain. The Coast
Survey has never yet been printed and laid upon
our tables. The maps cannot be put into the
printed volumes. If you want them bound to ac-
company the printed matter, you must order it to
he done. We cannot do it, unless you order it to
be done. The Senate have already done it.
Mr. STANTON. The work has been pro-
gressing constantly, and the maps have conse-
quently been increasing. Now, there is a large
quantity of them, and they will be wasted and of
no use unless they are bound.
Mr. STANLY. Many of them ought never to
be bound, and ought not to have been engraved at
all. But before we get through with this civil and
diplomatic bill we may have a chance to say
something on the management of the Coast Sur-
vey. It has got its friends all over this House
and country. I do not know how much it will
cost to have these maps bound, but my impres-
sion is, it will be several thousand dollars. We
had better have some calculation, and know what
we are about. Of what use will they be to the
constituents of my friend from Kentucky? They
are useful to mariners, and to the mercantile com-
munity on the sea-coast, but they afe of little or
no use to men in the interior. They will be of
but little use in my friend's library. How large
a volume will they make?
Mr. STANTON. The resolution provides that
they shall be bound in quarto form.
Mr. STANLY. In quarto form. Well, that
is about " as big as a piece of chalk." [Laugh-
ter.] There are some abuses connected with this
Coast Purvey to which the attention of the House j
ought to be called. We ought to ascertain the
cost before we pass this resolution.
Mr. GORMAN. I can tell my friend. There
are to be six thousand volumes, and they are not
to exceed in cost eighteen cents.
Mr. HALL. I move that the House now ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to—
And the H6use adjourned until to-morrow at
eleven o'clock.
PETITION, &c.
The following petition and memorials were presented 1
ander the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees: >'
By Mr. JOHN W. HOWE: The petition of William
Nickle and others, citizens of Venango county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying Congress to establish a post route from Ag-
new's mill", via Lamartine and Five Points, to Cass, in
said county.
By Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania: The memorial of
the Pennsylvania Society for the Preventionof Slavery, and ,
for the Relief of Free Negroes unlawfully held in bondage,
and improving the condition of the colored race, setting :
forth the wrongs of the African race, and the injustice and
miconstitutionality of the fugitive slave law oi' 1R50, and
praying for iN immediate repeal or essential modification.
By Mr. KUHNS: The memorial of Elizabeth Hamilton, |i
daughter of Captain Samuel Moorhead, late of VVestmore-
l;md county, Pennsylvania, praying for relief for the ser- |
vices of her late father in the war of the Revolution. : ■
By Mr. SKEI.TON : The memorial of Horace H. Day !
and Henry O'Reilly, praying for a declaratory law whieh
sball protect the right of trial by jury, before the issuing of i!
a perpetual injunction, in cases of patent rights, when the [j
novelty or legality ia denied. I!
! IN SENATE. -
| Friday, February 18, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. DAVIS. I beg permission to send to the
Chair the credentials of my successor in this body.
The credentials of the Hon. Edward Everett,
chosen by the Legislature of Massachusetts as
Senator from that State in place of the Hon. John
Davis, whose term expires on thefourth of March
next, were then read and laid on the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed a resolution requesting the
return of the bill of the Senate entitled " An act to
regulate the terms of the district court of the Uni-
ted Slates for the district of Iowa."
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
of the House of Representatives requesting the re-
turn of the said bill, and it was ordered that it be
returned to the House of Representatives agree-
ably to their request.
ORDER OF BUSINESS—PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I move that all
; prior orders be postponed, and that we take up the
Pacific railroad bill this morning, with the deter-
mination of going through with it. I hope we
^lall have this day for that business alone. I trust
the Senate will take up that bill now, and go on
with it and dispose of it to-day.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not rise to interpose any
objection to this course of proceeding, but t wisn
to give notice to the Senate that to-morrow morn-
ing, or on Monday morning 
Mr. BADGER. Say Monday.
Mr. HAMLIN. On Monday morning I shall
move to proceed to the consideration of the bill of
the House of Representatives, making a grant of
land to the several States and Territories in the
Union, for the benefit of indigent insane persons,
commonly known as Miss Dix's bill, and 1 shall
ask the vote of the Senate on it at that time. I
will not trouble the Senate with a discussion of
the bill to-day; but it having already passed the
House, I shall move to take it up then and ask a
vote on it. I give this notice in order that Sena-
tors may be prepared.
Mr. BUTLER. I call upon the Senator from
Indiana to redeem the pledge which he made yes-
terday, that he would move to make the Texas
debt bill the subject of consideration for Monday.
Mr. BRIGHT. I intend to do so if 1 can get
the floor after the morning hour expires.
The PRESIDENT. The Senate has already
agreed to proceed to the consideration of the Pa-
cific railroad bill, and that is now under consider-
ation.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to this
day being devoted to that bill, and to its being dis-
posed of to-day; but there are some appropriation
bills which will probably be reported next week,
and I do not want them to be shut out.
The PR.ES1DENT. No proposition will be
entertained until this bill is disposed of by the vote
of the Senate in some way.
Mr. ADAMS. As notifications are being given,
I desire to say that I shall insist that some dispo-
sition be made of the homestead bill before these
other bills are taken up, it having the preference
over them.
Mr. CHASE. I wish, in accordance with the
precedent which has been set me by other Sena-
tors, to express the hope that this bill will be dis-
posed of in the briefest possible time; that we
may proceed to vote upon the amendment as
speedily as possible, and then upon the bill, if
the amendment shall not prevail. I desire to say,
I shall second zealously the effort of the Senator
from Iowa [Mr. Dodge] or the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Adams,] to take up the homestead
bill next in order, immediately after this matter
shall be disposed of.
The PRESIDENT. The question before the
Senate is on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Brodhead] to the Pacific rail-
road bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. As other Senators are
giving notices of very important bills, I beg leave
to call the attention of the Senate to an important
bill, which I introduced, giving one hundred and
sixty acres of land to the soldiers who served in
the war of 1812. If the Committee on Public
Lands do not soon report it, I intend to offer it as
an amendment to some of the land or appropri-
ation bills.
The PRESIDENT. The question is upon the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My honorable colleague
[Mr. Cooper] took the floor last evening, and is
entitled to be heard. I do not know why he is
absent. I presume he supposed this bill would
not be taken up until the morning business was
disposed of. 1 do not know whether he is in his
committee room or not, but I shall be pleased if
he can be heard.
Several Senators. Send for him.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It was my own intention
to address the Senate in favor of the amendment
which is now pending, and which is, in'my judg-
ment, a superior proposition to the one of the hon-
orable Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk;] but there
seemed to be a general disposition in the Senate
yesterday to come to a vote upon this question;
and as I am one of those who always endeavor to
make themselves useful as working men, rather
than conspicuous in the way of speech-making,
I agreed to forbear, and postpone any remaiks
that I might have intended to make in favor of the
amendment. I had some data, and I had arranged
some thoughts for the purpose of showing that the
plan which 1 have proposed is the proper way to
commence this great railroad to the Pacific ocean,
if it is to be commenced at all by the General Gov-
ernment. I intended to show, furthermore, that
I shall always be slow in embarking the General
Government in anything looking to an internal
improvement system. But having expressed a
determination not to address the Senate upon the
subject, I have left my papers and facts at home,
supposing that my colleague would he here to pro-
ceed with his remarks this morning, and that then
we should take the vote.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 know of two or three gen-
tlemen who intend to speak upon the subject, and
I am sure it is one whose magnitude demands dis-
cussion. They may decline to do so. I do not
know how that is. The honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cooper] has the floor this
morning, and he did not dream that this bill was
to be precipitated upon us, by a motion of this
kind, at this early hour. If, however, it is a fore-
gone conclusion that this bill is to go through just
as gentlemen have counted the votes, be it so. If
they do not wish to have discussion—and I sup-
pose some do not—let them say so. I assure
gentlemen, however, that it is one of those sub-,
jects that ought to he discussed, and I am sorry
that my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Brod-
head] has intimated a disposition to decline dis-
cussion. I know that the gentleman from Virginia
intends to speak, and the gentleman fiom Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Cooper,] who has the floor also,
desires to speak.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would suggest to my
honorable friend from California the propriety, by
common consent, of Buffering this bill to go over
until my colleague shall come in.
Mr. GWIN. Eleven o'clock is the hour of
meeting of the Senate, and it is understood that
every Senator who has any business here, or who
desires to be present at the proceedings of the Sen-
ate, will then be here. We have been notified by
the honorable Senator from South Carolina that
several speeches are to be made, and I presume
that some of the parties who intend to speak
against the bill are now in the Senate Chamber.
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir; they are not.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Pennsylvania,
it seems to me, has forfeited his right to the floor,
by not being here when the question came up.
Mr. RUSK. I would be the last man to urge
a matter here in a way that would operate as a
discourtesy, or prevent any gentleman from ex-
pressing his views in regard to this, or any other
measure which is to be acted upon by the Senate;
but I cannot see that taking a vote upon this
amendment will have that effect at all. If there is
any right it is on the part of thefriends of the bill,
because they have notified the Senate over and
over again that they were willing that certnin
features which have been objected to should be
amended, but no opportunity has been given to
offer those amendments to perfect the bill itself.
The Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cooper]
opposes the passage of tha bill, and proposes to
