THE C0NGKESSI0NA1 GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1853.
New Series....No. 43.
A remark now upon two things said in the de-
bate on Saturday.
In the course of that debate, the following col-
loquy occurred:
" Mr. Dodge. My purpose was not to interpose any ob-
jection to the bill or the road, but to ascertain whether the
other Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,] now absent,
u as in favor of the bill. I presumed that lie was, or my
friend would hardly have moved to consider it during his
absence.
'• Mr. Sebastian. I will say to my friend from Iowa
that I had conferred with my colleague upon the subject,
and I understood linn that lie would offer no opposition to
this bill. He had declined talcing the paternity of the bill,
but I understood him that he would leave me to take sucli
course with it as my judgment would sanction."
So far as this goes, it is literally true; yet it fails
to give a full and fair view of that position. 1 had
said to my colleague what he stated, and I had
said more; and it was, as I had told him, to say
still more to the Senate, that I wished to be pres-
ent when the bill should be considered. I had
said to my colleague, and wished to say to the
Senate, that this bill, to make its real character
conform to its ostensible purpose of a bill for the
benefit of Arkansas, required amendment, both by
striking out and byinsertion. Those amendments
I had indicated were,first, to strike out " Cairo,"
as the first terminus on the Mississippi, and insert
" Memphis;" and, second, to add to the bill the
road from Gaines's Landing, via Camden, to Ful-
ton. I would also have added Helena; but my
colleague had told me that the Helena company
had abandoned the proposed road from that place,
and the people in that region no longer desired it.
Thus amended, the bill would have conformed to
the two which the Senate passed last session, and
which it was reasonable to believe that the House,
if it would make any grant at all to Arkansas,
would have granted, if it had ever been asked
to do so—especially as they gave very little more
land, and as they were what our people wanted,
and were necessary for their interest. These
amendments, too, I had been requested to propose,
especially that for the Gaines's Landing and Ful-
ton road, by those authorized to speak for that
enlightened and wonderfully energetic company.
I hardly think I should actually have proposed
those amendments, or, if proposing, should not
have pressed their adoptioh. But if I had not, it
would have been only because I was assured by
my colleague here, and my colleague [Mr. John-
son] in the House, also, that any amendment
whatever would prove fatal to the bill, and thus
deprive Arkansas of her last and only chance for
railroad grants. And to avoid that calamity, I
would, as I have before intimated, do violence to
my own feelings—do anything, indeed, short of
dishonor. I should, however, have given my views
in full upon the character of the bill in its several
bearings. For that purpose I wished to be here.
My colleague [Mr. Sebastian] further said:
"And I will say further to my friend from Iowa [Mr.
Dodge J that the difference between the bill of my colleague
in the Senate and my colleague in the House of Represent-
atives was the subject of some discussion in the Arkansas
Legislature, and I am not aware that they have instructed
us in reference to either one. But this much I know: that
the Legislature has passed an act incorporating this very
road which this bill provides for; and I am acting u pon that,
as an indication of the acquiescence of the Legislature in
this scheme."
Now, sir, whether this gives correctly the ac-
tion or indications of our State Legislature, I will
not undertake to say with certainty; and such
seems to be the position of my colleague himself;
for no full and reliable information as to any def-
inite and decided action of that body upon these
questions seems to hare come to either of us. And,
upon inquiry of my colleague in the House, he
seems to be equally uninformed in regard to it.
But, so far as what is known of the action of
our Legislature may be regarded as quasi "in-
structions " on this subject, it strikes me as the
very reverse of what my colleague assumes. As
the reason for my saying this, I give the follow-
ing as what we do know to have taken place in
the House of Representatives of the General As-
sembly of Arkansas, November 12, 1852:
"Mr. Nunn's resolution to request Robert W. Johnson,
43
our member of Congress, to use his best efforts to procure
the passage of the United States Senate bills, to grant cer-
tain lands to Arkansas, was taken up.
" Mr. Coldwell opposed the resolution, as a reflection
upon our members of Congress.
"Mr. Rust moved that it be referred to a committee to in-
quire into any neglect of duty charged to 11. YV. Johnson,
but upon the explanation of Mr. Nunn, offered this amend-
ment :
" Resolved, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued into a reflection upon the Hon. R. W. Johnson.
" The resolution as amended was adopted."
A few days subsequent to this, a resolution was
introduced into the same House, to instruct the
Congressional delegation in favor of "the Cairo
bill, with the avowed purpose of making the di-
rect issue, to test the preference of the Legisla-
ture as between this Cairo project and the series of
roads provided for in the two Senate bills, which,
as I said, were then, and are now, pending or
sleeping in the other end of this Capitol. The re-
sult was, that after full, protracted, and a some-
what exciting discussion, the House did not adopt
this resolution.
But further than this, I am informed by a letter
from a reliable source, received this morning,
though I have not seen the newspaper account of
the proceedings of the Legislature, that a similar
resolution to the one which 1 have read as having
passed the House of Representatives without a
dissenting voice, was subsequently introduced into
the Senate, referred to a committee, reported
back, and adopted in the Senate without opposi-
tion; indorsing, as the House had done, the two
Senate bills of which I have spoken. I state this
with confidence, knowing that it comes from a
source perfectly reliable.
Here, then, in these proceedings, a resolution
was adopted, nem. con., in the most numerous
House of the Legislature, requesting our sole Rep-
resentative [Mr. Johnson] in Congress, to use
his best efforts to procure the passage of the Senate
bills; and this followed by similar, though inde-
pendent action of the other House. Was not
this a declaration of preference for the Senate bills
over the Cairo project, and, pro tanto, an instruc-
tion in favor of the former, and against the lat-
ter? And to make my inference still stronger,
it was, 1 repeat, followed with a negative—ay,
a most pregnant negative—upon the Cairo project!
True, my colleague in the House is not officially
amenable to legislative instructions—and, even if
he were, it is equally true that one House alone of
the Legislature is not competent to instruct even a
Senator. But how far the decided expression of
opinion and wishes by one House—there is good
ground for believing of both—is to be respected,
is for each member to determine for himself, ac-
cording to his sense of duty and the standard by
which he measures it. Yet I must be permitted '
to say, with all respect to my colleague, that I can-
not agree with him that in the very face of such
expression of opinion, even if only by one House,
it is allowable to infer from it instructions to do the
very reverse of what it requests.
Again: whether our Legislature has chartered a
company for this road to Cairo or_not, no one
can regard the fact as of any material conse-
quence; for, if asked for, to make a road to
Cairo, or elsewhere, in one direction, or in a
dozen directions, no charter was, or would have
been refused by the Legislature. Why should
it be? Whatever set of men propose to make a
road, and ask a charter that injures no one else,
why not give it to them and let them make the
trial? If the trial prove a failure, it can injure
no one but themselves; whereas, if it prove sucess-
ful, the community is benefited. For these rea-
sons, our State has upon her statute-book what is
known as the general corporation law, under
which, without further special legislation, any as-
sociation of persons, by the observance of the ]
easiest of conditions, may become " a body-cor-
porate, &c.," for any work of internal improve-
ment; indeed, for almost any purpose, 1 believe,
except banking, which is expressly forbidden by
our constitution. But, however all this may be,
I am very sure that no man, in or out of Arkansas,
with sense enough to know the way to market,
would ever seriously think of building a railroad
from Cairo towards Little Rock; nor would any
one with means enough to build a single mile of
road, ever waste it in such a Serbonian enterprise.
A railroad from Cairo to Little Rock ! Who
conceived it ? Who asked for it ? Who wants
it? Who will make it? and, if made, what would
you do with it? Nobody! Nothing! The idea
did not originate in Arkansas; for, as far as we
may be in the " back woods," I must defend my
constituents against the imputation of such non-
sense as such a scheme as this exemplifies ! I
venture to say there is not a boy in all Arkansas,
fifteen years old, who has not too much practical
intelligence to favor such a scheme. And I have
no belief that my colleague, in either House,
would, upon his conscience, express the opinion^
o  does believe, that this road from Cairo, ever
will, or ever ought to be made.
And what says Missouri ? In the course of the
debate last Saturday, Mr. Geyf.r said:
" I desire to say in regard to this bill that I regard it as
containing no provisions whatever for the benefit of the
State of Missouri. I do not believe that the road wilt ever be
matte from the boundary line of Jlrkansasto the mouth of the
Ohio ; and if it was not for embarrassing thi- bill, presum-
ing that, if it goes back to the House of Representatives with
an amendment, it will not pass at this session, and Arkan-
sas would be defeated in the attempt to obtain an appropri-
ation for roads within that State, I would offer an amend-
ment to the bill striking out all that part of the road. I
suppose the road might be of advantage to Arkansas and to
Missouri, if ' St. Louis' were inserted instead of Cairo, so
that it would read,' from Little Rock to St. Louis.' It
would then be part ofthe Mississippi valley road, of great in-
terest to all the States on the western side of the Mississippi.
I shall not, however, make the amendment. I rose merely
for the purpose of saying that I did not regard I his bill as
making any granttothe State of Missouri."
And the Senator from Missouri was right. It
is no grant, and of no benefit to Missouri; nor
to Arkansas, so far as any connection with the
Mississippi river by that means is concerned.
On that part of the nominal route, from the Ar-
kansas line to Cairo, the road will not be attempted;
and even if it should be, the grant of land in aid of
it is merely nominal, and altogether delusive.
The land, in the gift of the United States, is not
there. Upon the whole route between those
points, which cannot be much short of eighty
miles on a straight line, I venture to say that
1 there are not Jive thousand—I doubt whether there
are more than one thousand—acres legally subject
to the grant.
My colleague said the Arkansas Legislature had
chartered a company to make the road to Cairo.
Had he forgotten that Cairo is not in Arkansas,
and by the proposed route at least eighty mi'es on
a straight line, beyond the limits of Arkarsas?
And does he believe that Missouri will accept the
| grant for herself, or even grant the right of way
over lands which are all her own ? If so, then he
must suppose that State does not understand her
own rights or her own interests, and that her
Senator [Mr. Geyer] who has spoken does not
fairly represent her. And does my colleague not
know, further, that Missouri has adopted a sys-
tem of roads for herself, and, more fortunate than
Arkansas, has been able to get the aid she asked
| for, which, with her own resources, will enable
her to build those roads; thatshehas not, like our
| unfortunate State, when asking for bread, been
forced to swallow a stone? Sir, Missouri wants
no road through her land to Cairo; and she is too
wise to distract her energies, and waste her re-
. sources, upon useless and impracticable schemes.
Nor is it reasonable to suppose, that while she has
the power to prevent it, she will permit any com-
pany or State to pass through her borders, and
upon her land, to interfere with a system which,
: with due regard to her own wants and welfare,
she has wisely adopted, and is now actively carry-
ing into practice.
But, sir, looking at the mere practical question
of constructing the road, and supposing Missouri
either willing to undertake it herself, or to permit
an Arkansas company to do it, I ask what means
does this so-called grant contribute towards doing
the work ? I repeat it contributes nothing. All
! who know any thing of the country, know that a
