678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
the work at an early day. And there is another 1
clause in the bill instigating him to lose no time in j
the commencement of the work. This horde of
contractors, eager for the expenditure of public !
money, will be around him, like vultures, urgng
him on, misleading him, bringing every earthly
influence to bear to induce him to begin the ex-
penditure of the money. Do we not see it here
every day? Are not the halls of legislation be-
seiged by contractors and the solicitors of contract-
ors to get at the Treasury ? Does anybody doubt
that there are not ten thousand reasons, amiable
ones, insidious ones, plausible ones, adduced here
constantly to induce Congress to act upon meas-
ures involving expenditures of money when it is
a little reluctant or a little diffident. Where, then,
will be this army of contractors and the immense
capital which will be at their back, urging the j
President to comply with the terms of the law, and
begin the work at an early day? Yea, sir, to begin
it before it is known that it can be completed.
Who knows that this work can be done? Who
knows that it is physically practicable by a railroad |
to connect the Pacific and Atlantic across the Stony
mountains? Nobody. You may conjecture it.
Some may say it can be done, or it should be done,
but all we have is the most vague conjecture.
What will be done in the mean time? The great
thing with the contractors will be to get at the :
money, to begin to expend it; that is the lever
upon which the whole thing is to turn; it is the
public money. Ten thousand arguments will be
adduced; whether the President will resist them I
or not I know not, but ten thousand arguments
will be adduced to him to commence the work on |
the Mississippi border, and on the Pacific border,
and to push your surveys in the mean time. It
may result, and there is a high degree of proba-
bility that it will result, that they will make two
ends of the road and never join them together.
Mighty as your Treasury is, it may not be in
the power of money to do that. That may be the
result, and you will then have this illimitable ex-
penditure of money without any certainty that |
the ultimate object will be attained. ,'j
Mr. President, who doubts how this bill will J
be construed if it become a law? Who doubts j
how it will be carried into effect? Who can now j
resist, in far smaller matters, the tremendous col- ,,
lateral pressure of capital that is every day at the
doors of the Senate ? Capital is a power so potent i
that we are told monarchs reel before it upon their
thrones. We are told every day that the strongest
monarchs of Europe are powerless before the
Rothschilds and the Barings, and it is true. How
do we stand in this country ? We have no Roths-
childs or Barings, but we nave men who aspire to
be such: men who wield capital potentially, who,
it may be, without actual bribery and corruption, \
bring a thousand influences to operate, which are
not known until they are felt. Yes, sir, pass
this bill into a law, and you will begin the work, i
utterly ignorant whether you will ever be able to I
finish it; and that is to be the character of the 1
legislation of an American Senate at this early '
day of our Republic!
Mr. President, if this bill become a law, the
fear which the Senator from Texas expressed a
few days ago—that it might have the effect of read-
ing him out of the Democratic party—will never
be realized. If this bill become a law, there will |
be no longer parties in this country except the |
party in power and the party in opposition. The |
whole character of the Government will be j
changed. Yes, sir, the whole character of this !
Government will be changed, never to be reclaimed;
and it will have been done by gold, and, worse
than all, by gold out of the public Treasury. Sir,
1r r ii ' no ^en*ocratxc party then. Least
of all will there be that party to which the hon-
orable Senator I know belonged, and to which I
belong—the Republican party—the party under
whose banner you appeal from the people to the
Constitution. The Constitution will be gone.
There will be no appeal to that, and the Govern-
ment will be one of unlimited power.
Sir, this bill, with its appropriation of a hun-
dred millions, will make a breach in the Constitu-
tion through which everything will pass. It will
be perfectly idle, after such a power, to talk about
the tenets of party. After that, the only parties
will be the party in power and the party in oppo-
sition, and the party in power will have no re-
straint or control but the will of a majority. I
would recall to the Senate the vaticinations of one
of our greatest men and most gifted statesmen—
a statesman to whom at his death the honorable
Senator from Texas paid a beautiful tribute of
feeling and sensibility. 1 refer to the illustrious
Calhoun. When the order was given by the
President of the United States to march an army
to the frontier of Mexico, Mr. Calhoun said to his
friends, " It dropped a curtain between me and
futurity; I cannot see beyond that." It was, in
his view, the first aggressive march taken by an
American army; and said that prophetic man, "It
dropped a curtain between me and .the future."
" I told my friends," said he, " that here closed
the first book of the history of this Republic; the
second book is unwritten and unread." Mr.
President, if that man were here now, he would
find the curtain lifted. He would see something
written which is to go into the next book of Amer-
ican history; and it is written on the pages of this
bill. It is a measure forced upon the country.
Honorable Senators may say that it is forced upon
the country because we have these Pacific posses-
sions, and cannot get to them without it.
I have said this is the opening page of the second
book of American history, and if that illustrious
statesman to whom I have referred were now here,
he would find the curtain lifted. Here the Gov-
ernment is now called upon, appealing from the
Constitution to the States, separately, to enlarge
its powers, and the appeal is made backed by gold
from the Treasury. You will have an expend-
iture within your limits which, will be utterly
illimitable. This bill does more. It transfers the
legislative power to the President. It transfers
this duty to the President, not as a part of the
Executive power, but as a part of the legislative
power. It enlarges its patronage by giving him
a band of contractors, to be appointed by him
and to enjoy the powers of a vast corporation.
All this is to be done utterly in the dark. You
are to decree a road from the Mississippi to the
Pacific without information, and the President is
to determine the route.
Sir, I shall deeply deplore the passage of this
bill. I make no factious opposition to it, and I
have made none. Sir, the State of Virginia will
be as deeply interested in access to the Pacific as
any other of the Atlantic States. She is very
deeply interested; but the State of "Virginia, I
trust, never will take it at the expense of the Con-
stitution which she has bound herself to support.
This bill cannot stand with the Constitution. You
must take one or the other; and if you take the
bill, you make a breach in the Constitution through
which everything can pass. I move that the bill
be referred to the Committee on R.oads and Ca-
nals.
Mr. PRATT. I do not know that I should
have said one word in reference to this bill, except
for the position in which it seems to me the speech
of my honorable friend from Virginia [Mr.' Ma-
son] has placed all those who intend to vote for
the measure, and who have not expressed their
opinions on this floor. Now I submit to the Senate,
and to the good judgment of the honorable Senator,
whether, in reference to this measure, the ordinary
rules of parliamentary courtesy have been ob-
served. I have heretofore seen, that instead of
moving that a bill should be laid upon the table,
or should be recommitted, when it has been re-
ported here, particularly to carry out a project so
magnificent as that embraced in the provisions of
this bill, the friends of the bill have been permit- j
ted to amend it—have been permitted to place it J
before the country in that point of view in which <
they desire to present it, and upon which they are j
willing to stand, before speeches are made against 1
it, ana before the measure is denounced, as this
has been by my honorable friend from Virginia.
If the friends of this measure shall be permitted !
to amend it, they will throw down almost all the
arguments which have been made by that honor-
able Senator. I have two amendments myself to
offer; one restricting the President of the United
States in the making of the contract, and obliging
him not to make it unless he is able to do so for
the $20,000,000 and the quantity of land given by
the bill. There is, therefore, to be inserted in the
bill, with the consent of its friends, the express
provision that no contract is to be made unless it
can be made for $20,000,000, and the amount of
land which is appropriated in the bill. I have an-
other amendment to propose, which restricts the
thirteenth section, objected to by the Senator, so
as to give to Congress hereafter at any time the
power to restrict this corporation, to alter it, to
change it, to do what they please with it. That
amendment, therefore, will do away with all the
objections which have been heretofore urged to
this bill on the ground of the supposed unlimited
grant of corporate powers; objections, Mr. Pres-
ident, whieh have been so strenuously urged by
the Senator from Virginia, and made by him the
chief occasion for the wholesale denunciation of
this measure, in which he has been pleased to in-
dulge.
My honorable friend commenced his argument
by saying that this bill is, in effect, to say, "The
king wills it." But who is the king? ThePresi-
dent of the United States, according to his argu-
ment, is made king, to will the prosecution of this
work, or to will that it shall not be prosecuted.
Now I submit, in all candor, to the judgment of
the honorable Senator himself, whether this is so.
Who is the king here? Upon whose will are the
provisions of this bill dependent? It is, Mr.
President, the people of the United States, acting
through their representatives, who will that this
road shall be made. It is the will of the people
of the United States, exercised through us, which
directs the quo modo in which the road is to be
commenced, conducted, and completed. I can see
no specter in it. No king can be conjured up by
my imagination as being created by the measure
which I am advocating.
What are, in sober earnestness, the powers
which are conferred upon the President of the
United States, which are termed kingly powers by
my honorable friend ? Every State Legislature
nearly every day confers the same powers on the
Governors of the respective States. What are
they? The bill incorporates a company for the
purpose of making a railroad for military pur-
poses, connecting the Atlantic and the Pacific sea-
board; and it appropriates from the Treasury of
the United States a part of the funds necessary
for that purpose. It authorizes this company, in-
corporated for that purpose, with money derived
from the United States Treasury to the extent of
$20,000,000, and with the land appropriated by
the bill, to construct the road. It is to be re-
stricted so as to confine the appropriation to be
made by the Government exclusively to the appro-
priations now expressed in the bill, for I have an
amendment to offer to that effect, which, I have
no doubt, will be accepted by the friends of the
bill. It authorizes the President of the United
States, after surveys have been made, after the
practicability and the cost of this road shall have
been established to his satisfaction, to do what?
To appoint these contractors, to appoint these
workmen, who, according to the argument of my
friend from Virginia, are to carry on this road ?
No, sir; but he is authorized to advertise to the
whole people of the United States to come in and
bid for the construction of this road; and he is
obliged to accept the bid which is the lowest. If I
mistake not these are the terms of the bill, and if
I do, my honorable friend from Texas can cor-
rect me.
Mr. RUSK. That is the bill.
Mr. PRATT. Then what is this kingly power
which has been spoken of? It is simply that after
these several routes shall have been ascertained,
the President shall exercise his judgment in de-
termining which is the most practicable and con-
venient route for military purposes; which for the
other purposes of the Government of the United
States will be most useful; and it is madehis duty
to adopt that route. What further? Has he then
any further power? He is then to advertise, and
by that advertisement the people of the country
and the world are called in to bid for the purpose
of constructing this road, and the lowest bidder is
to make it. From this simple power of advertis-
ing, so that all the people of the world may come
in and bid for the construction of the road, my
friend has conjured up the fear that we are making
a king of the President of the United States.
I intend to restrict by express provision this
bill, so that no further money can be given out of
the Treasury of the United States, and no more
land than is proposed in it. My friend says that
this restriction will be entirely nugatory—abso-
lutely inoperative—and he asks us to point out a
single case where the United States, after they
had commenced a work of this sort, did not con-
