1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
681
sort to an issue till the end of time. The deaths
which will occur, the abatements which will take
place in consequence of death, and the revivals
which will be necessary, will postpone the deter-
mination of any stich suit until the end of time,
if you have thousands to enter into it as plaintifFs
or defendants. All that we want is that there shall
be a common name, by which these persons thus
associating for a common purpose, can be reached.
We want something practical. We cannot get
it in any other way than through this common
name.
I think the Bank of the United States was ob-
jected to because there was an object foreign to
the powers embraced by the Constitution brought
forward in the operations of this Government by
that charter. I am as much opposed to enlarging
the objects of the Federal Government as any man
living. But in regard to the execution of the
poweis which wehave—and that isthedistinction—
we may executfe them by a corporation or by any-
thing else; but you have not a right to make a
new object, or to enlarge the powers of the Fed-
eral Government. You cannot get along practi-
cally in this association, for this purpose, without
some common name by which all these persons
may be regulated. It is, however, too late in the
day to make a speech. No doubt every Senator
has his views upon the subject, and therefore I
will simply content myself with asking for the
yeas and the nays on the amendment.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I desire only to
say that the Government of the United States did
not originate the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Com-
pany. That company was incorporated by the
Legislature of Virginia in the first place. Con-
gress, in 1825, ratified and confirmed that act of
incorporation, so far as to allow the company
which might ba formed under its provisions to
carry all the puiposes of that corporation into ef-
fect within the limits of the District of Columbia,
over which Congress had jurisdiction, and no
further. That is the language of the act.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I hope that the
motion of the Senator from California to strike out
the thirteenth section will prevail. I regard the
subject of uniting the valley of the Mississippi
with the Pacific coast by railroad as one of the
very highest interest. Since the ratification of the
unfortunate Clayton-Bulwertreaty, which assures
to Great Britain the ascendency in Central Amer-
ica, I regard it as a measure of vastly increased
importance to unite the Pacific with the Atlantic
States by a railroad across the continent; and
I declare here that I am willing to go to the whole
extent of the powers of this Government to accom-
plish this object; but I can go no further. The
bill, as it now stands, contains two provisions 1
which must meet with my uncompromising oppo- j
sition. It authorizes the construction of a railroad,
as the private property of a company, within the
limits of the States of California, Texas, Louisi-
ana, Arkansas, Missouri, and Iowa, or some one
or more of them, at the discretion of the President.
It assumes j urisdiction over the soil of those States,
authorizes the construction of this road through
them, and it appropriates money from the public
Treasury for that object.
Now, sir, I wish to know if there is a Senator
in this body who entertains the opinion that it is
competent for Congress to construct a road within
the limits of a State? Is there a statesman in this
country who entertains the opinion that Congress
has the power to assume this jurisdiction, and
construct such a road, or any road, within the
limits of a State on any ground—either on the
ground of the public welfare, or to carry out any
of the enumerated purposes of the Constitution ? I
had supposed that that doctrine was entirely ex- j
ploded. I had supposed that it had become "an
obsolete idea," abandoned by those who formerly
entertained it. Has not a State sovereign and
exclusive power over its own soil and over the
roads and canals within its limits ? It has been
said that Congress has power to " establish" post
roads; but will any one say that that grant of
power by the Constitution authorizes Congress to
construct a road, and, as in this case, to assume
jurisdiction over it, to take possession of it, to
control it, and to manage it, to regulate its busi- :
ness, and to protect it by a Federal charter or by
Federal laws? Does any one suppose that the :
power to establish post roads is not only a power j
to establish the existing roads of a State as post [
! roads, according to the uniform course of the Gov-
! ernment, but also to construct new ones, not
already existing or not already opened and estab-
lished by the laws of the State?
It is enough to say, that if Congress possesses
that power, it can take jurisdiction over every
road and canal in the country under color of post
office and military purposes. There is not a high-
way, a canal, a railroad, or a telegraph line in the
whole country over which, upon the samegrounds,
Congress might not assume jurisdiction. If Con-
gress can do that, this Government is a consoli-
dated Government, and the sovereign powers of
the States are utterly annihilated. If that broad
construction is to prevail, there is no limit to the
power of this Government; and a Government of
such unlimited power administered here could not
long exist.
It is said, that by the provisions of this bill the
assent of the States is required before the road can
be constructed within their limits. But can a State
Legislature, under the constitution of the State,
part with its legislative powers to the Federal Gov-
ernment? Is there a State in this Union where
the people, in establishing a constitution, have au-
thorized the legislative body, at their will, to part
with their legislative powers to Congress ? Can
they part with the sovereign legislative powers
with which the people of the State have invested
their Legislature? Who advocates any such doc-
trine as that? Can a Legislature alter the consti-
tution of a State ?—divest itself of its own legis-
lative powers and grant them to another Govern-
ment? Again: can the Federal Government receive
any such powers from the Legislature of a
State? Will any Senator rise in his place and af-
firm the doctrine that a State Legislature can part
with any of its powers to the Federal Govern-
ment, or that the Federal Government can receive
or exercise them except in cases expressly pro-
vided for by the Constitution?
Mr. BELL. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. TOUCEY. Certainly.
Mr. BELL. Can the State of Illinois, in con-
sideration of receiving from the Government of the
United States three million of acres of public land
in aid of the construction of a road from Cairo to
Chicago, stipulate that the company with which
it contracts for the construction of that road shall
carry forever, free of charge, the mails of the United
States, and all the munitions of war, and that the
exactions upon general travel shall not exceed
seven, or eight, or ten, per cent.—no matter what
as to the amount ? If the gentleman admits that,
he admits all we ask in this bill.
Mr. TOUCEY. I do not doubt, sir, that a Le-
gislature in a proper case is authorized to make a
contract; but it is a very different thing that the
Legislature of a State should by one act for thirty
years, or for all time to come, divest themselves
of all legislative power over a road or over a dis-
trict within their limits. The Legislature of a
State cannot stop the public mail, cannot interfere
with the Post Office Department, cannot interfere
with the progress of an army; but it is a widely
different matter to transfer to another government
its legislative power over a road or a district which
has become the private property of a company.
Mr. BELL. Will the honorable gentleman
answer me another question ? Can the Legislature
of Illinois say to a company which may undertake
the construction of that road upon the terms
which I have mentioned, taking this land, " Will
you take it provided the State shall not run an-
other road within a certain distance of it, that no
parallel road shall be constructed ?" Can they say
that ?
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I do not doubt,
I have not doubted, that a State Legislature may
make an exclusive grant within certain limits. It
is a power thathas been exercised by every State
in the Union, a power which I do not propose to
call in question. But this bill does an entirely
different thing. It creates a corporation. It au- ,
thorizes that corporation to construct a road with-
in the limits of a State, and it reserves to Congress
tha power or control over that road, to regulate
the transportation of merchandise and passengers,
and it takes the road entirely out of the hands of
the Legislatures of those States through which it
may pass; and this is what I denounce as an'un-
constitutional exercise of power. !
Mr. President, I had intended to proceed fur- >
ther, but I am not very well able to proceed at this
' time.
Mr. SOULE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, called for the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded with the call, and had
called several names 
Mr. DAWSON. Did not the Senator who wa£
speaking ask that the Senate should adjourn for
his accommodation?
Several Senators. Certainly he did.
Other Senators. He did not.
Other Senators. Order. Proceed with the
call.
The PRESIDENT. The Secretary will pro-
ceed with the call. It is not in order to interrupt
it.
The question being taken, resulted—yeas 23,
nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Bradbury,
Brodhead, Butler, Cass, Charlton, Cooper, Dawson, De
Saussure, Downs, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Hunter,Mason, Nor-
ris, Pearce, Phelps, Shields, SouM, Spruance, and Toucev
—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Borland, Brooke, Chase,
Clarke, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Fish, Geyer, Gwin, Houston, Jones of Iowa, Miller, Pratt,
Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Smith. Sumner, Underwood,
Wade, Walker, and Weller—25.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I ought per-
haps to say that I am not very well able to proceed,
on account of indisposition, at this time; but since
it is the will of the Senate that I shall do so, I will
go on with the remarks that I have to make as
well as I may be able.
Mr. DAWSON. It is the first time a Senator
has l?een forced to proceed under such circum-
st&nccs
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senate force the
gentleman to proceed when he is unwell ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I did not understand
that the gentleman was unwell and wished an ad-
journment, or I certainly should have voted for
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. BUTLER. I never knew such an act of
discourtesy to a gentleman before.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Under the circumstan-
ces, I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senator will withdraw
the motion for a moment in order to allow me to
make an explanation.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Certainly.
Mr. RUSK. I believe that I can safely appeal
to my past experience in this body, and be justi-
fied in uttering the declaration that I am the last
man in it who would extend discourtesy to a single
member; therefore, I felt awkwardly situated in
voting against an adjournment while the honorable
Senator from Connecticut, for whom I have the
very highest respect as a statesman and as a man,
was desirous that we should adjourn, in order that
he might have an opportunity to-morrow of ad-
dressing the Senate. I felt great reluctance in
being called upon to vote without explaining my
reasons, and 1 wish now to give them.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to a question of order.
Is a motion to adjourn debatable?
The PRESIDENT. A motion to adjourn is
not debatable, but that motion is not before the
Senate. The Senator from Kentucky withdrew
the motion.
Mr. RUSK. Then I am in order.
Mr. TOUCEY. I must interrupt my honorable
friend from Texas, to proceed with what 1 have
to say as far as I may be able.
Mr. RUSK. I have not got through with my
explanation.
Mr. TOUCEY. I think it is rather a vindica-
tion of the vote.
Mr. RUSK. No, sir, I merely wish to explain.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President 
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the Senator will allow
me, I will move an adjournment. I made the mo-
tion a few moments ago, and I withdrew it for the
purpose of giving the Senator from Texas an op-
portunity to explain.
Mr. RUSK. And I have not yetgot through.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. In order to accomodate
the Senator from Connecticut, I move an adjourn-
ment.
Messrs. GWIN, and JONES of Iowa, called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 15; aa fol-
lows:
