1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
688
many of the same sort of amendments ready to
be offered if this be decided to be in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is in order, though it would be more
appropriate to another part of the bill, if there are
appropriations for such purposes in the bill.
Air. FREEMAN. I only desire to state the
fact to the committee, that in the year 1851, this
very appropriation was made for the marine hos-
pital at Vicksburg. The site has been purchased
and the terms agreed upon; but in consequence of
some delay in returning to the department the
title papers of the property the money has not ,
been paid out of the Treasury. Fearing that the j
papers may not be completed before the time when
the appropriation will go to the surplus fund, I
have moved this reappropriation, in order that the
Secretary of the Treasury may be able to com-
plete his contract with the parties of whom he has
purchased this property. 1 do not think there can
be objection to such a proposition.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. With the per-
mission of my colleague, I wish to add my own
concurrent testimony to what he has said with
reference to this appropriation of money. This
amount has already been appropriated by Con-
gress, but on account of some difficulty in regard
to the title of the lot on which it is proposed to
erect the hospital, it has not been expended, and
unless reappropriated before the 30th of June
next, it will pass back into the Treasury. We
are asking for no additional appropriation. It
will add nothing to the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment for this year. After this brief statement,
in addition to what my colleague has stated, I trust
that the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. The House investigated the
subject of this marine hospital at the last ses-
sion at a good deal of labor, and it determined
that there were more of them on those western
rivers than were necessary. There seems to be
some difficulty with reference to the title of the lot
on which it is proposed to erect this hospital, and
1 presume that the better plan would be to let the
money go back into the Treasury, and let an
investigation be had when the question comes up
for the establishment of other hospitals ok those
rivers.
Mr. BROWN. This matter was investigated
by a committee of the last session. The investi-
gation has been twice made, and this money has
been twice appropriated.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in answer to a call of the Committee on Com-
merce of the House, staled that the Government
would save about one half by using private hos-
pitals on thoserivers. We have hospitals at Pitts-
burg, Louisville, Paducah, Napoleon and Natchez,
and it is now proposed to establish one at Vicks-
burg. We have also one at Evansville, for which
this Congress, at the last session,determined to
make no additional appropriations.* 1 do not re-
member them all, but they are scattered up and
down the rivers.
Mr. FREEMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. When Congress has determined
to build a hospital, and appropriated money for
that purpose, I would like to know whether he
proposes to rediscuss the matter, and repudiate its
action ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not propose to repudi-
ate anything. I leave that to my friend from
Mississippi. [Laughter.] 1 merely desire to say
that this case is precisely parallel to the one of the
marine hospital at Evansville. The property for
a site had been purchased there, but the appropri-
ation not being sufficient for the erection of the
building, the House determined that they would
make no further appropriations. And there that
marine hospital stands, Congress refusing to make
any additional appropriation to build it, because
the Secretary of the Treasury showed satisfacto-
rily in his report that it was unnecessary. He also
stated that there were several others unnecessary;
and that it now costs the Government more than
double it would cost to pay the board of every
sixth seaman in the private hospitals up and down
that river.
Mr. FREEMAN. 1 will make a brief reply to
the gentleman.
The CHAIRMAN. Further discussion is not
in order.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was disagreed to,
Mr. DARBY. If this be the proper place for
the submission of amendments with reference to
hospitals, 1 desire to offer one.
Mr. HOUSTON. My friend from Ohio, who
has examined the bill, tells me that there are no
appropriations for hospitals in it.
Mr. DARBY. I shall submit my amendment,
as there seems to be no more appropriate place
than the one we are at. In the estimates of ap-
propriations made by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and submitted to this House, a copy of which
1 have before me, I see that the sum of $20,000
is recommended for the completion of the marine
hospital at St. Louis.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest j
to the gentleman from Missouri that there are, to-
wards the end of the bill, miscellaneous appropri-
ations, and that perhaps his amendment would be
more appropriate there. The section under con-
sideration is for light-houses.
Mr. DARBY. I only desire to present the
amendment at the proper time and in the proper
place. In accordance with the Chair's suggestion
I will withdraw my amendment, intending to offer
it when we reach the part of the bill alluded to.
Mr. BROOKS. It seems to me that now is the
time to provide that the expenses of collecting the
revenue on the coast of California should come
under the general law. The revenue officers there
should be under some general law. They are ex-
tempted from it now, and their salaries remain ad
libitum.
The following clause was then read:
i " For continuing the survey of the Florida reefs and keys,
j (excluding the pay and emoluments of the officers of the
Army and Vavy,and petly officers and men of tile Navy em-
; ployed on the woik,) $30,000.'?
! Mr. HAVEN. I propose to offer the follow-
ing amendmentwt the end of that clause:
\ For continuing the survey of the northern and north-
western lakes,including Lake Superior, $50,0:10.
I only desire to say to the committee that the
j amendment is for the purpose, as its language ex-
I presses, of continuing surveys which have been
going on for four years past. The appropriation
I is included in the estimates from the Departments,
J and it has been put heretofore in the civil and
1 diplomatic bill. Last year it went into the river
and harbor bill; but as it is likely that no such bill
will be introduced this session, I propose now that
it be restored to the civil and diplomatic bill, and
I hope that the committee will agree to it.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Haven's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
The first two clauses of the section, relating to
custom-houses, were then read, as follows:
'• For continuing the construction of the custom-house at
Chatleston, South Carolina, one $100,000.
" For continuing the construction of the custom-house
at New Orleans, Louisiana, $ 100,000."
Mr. DARBY. I offer the following amendment,
to come in at the end of the second clause:
For continuing the construction of the custom-house at
St. Louis, $115,000.
1 would ask to have read, by the Clerk, the
following letters from the Treasury Department:
Washington, February 16, 1853.
Dear Sir : Under the propositions received by Ihe
Department, the new custom house and post office at St.
Louis will require a further appropriation of .$115,000, and
for the marine hospital, $-20,000.
Very respectfully, WM. S. HODGE.
Hon. J. F. Darby.
Treasury Department, January 21,1853.
Sir : I have the honor to repoi 1, that by the terms of the
appropriation authorizing the erection of a custom-house at
St. Louis, Missouri, the building is required to be fire-proof,
and to afford accommodations for the custom-house, inde-
pendent treasury, and other officers of the United States in
that city, embracing the post office, surveyor general's
office, roister and receiver's offices, pension agent's office,
and rooms for the United States courts and other officers.
That exclusive of the cost of the site, the appropriation for
the construction of said building, including Ihe necessary
contingent expenses, amounts to the sum of.$75,000,of which
a balance of $73,978 38 remains unexpended. That a suit-
able plan for the building, prepared with great care, and
with particular reference to its most economical construc-
tion was adopted and proposalsinvited for its construction;
and'that the lowest bids for the work, as appears from the
reDOrt of the superintendents, amount in the aggregate to the
sum of  t89,789 97 ; showing a deficiency ot $115,811 59.
If the building is to be constructed according to the pres-
ent plan, it is obvious that a large additional appropriation
will be required before any further steps can be taken, and
I would therefore recommend, in order to meet all contin-
gencies, that Congress should be a<ked to appropriate the
further sum of $125,000 to complete bmlding.
Very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
AMMI B. YOUNG, Supervisor}/ .Architect.
Hon. ThokasCorwin, Secretury of ihe Treasury.
Treasury Department, February 17, 1853.
Dear Sir: In addition to the loregoingreport, I would
state that Mr. Rockwell, the former Commissioner of Cus-
toms, after a ViMt to St. Louis last fall, reported to lite that,
on a full examination of the plans for your building, and the
presentpost office accommodation, he thought itabsolutely
necessary to order more room lo be appropriated to that pur-
pose, and that in a few years the building would not fully
accommodate all the business proposed to be put into it.
He further stated that the building could not be erected for
the money appropimted, and if made in conformity to those
now being erected by private individuals, would cost nearly
$-200,000.
The amount of accommodation now required is very
large, and with the increase of the city in a few years, some
of the offices now located in the proposed building would
have to be removed to other buildings, in order to accommo-
date the most important business in this. St. Louis is in
one of those locations that the required accommodation will
very fast increase ; and I think it would be very bad policy
to erect a building of this kind there, that would not afford
proper accommodation at this time.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
AMMI B. YOUNG, Snpervisory Jlrchiteet.
Hon. T. F. Darby, M. C., Washington.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLEVELAND. I hope the gentleman
may be indulged in making a five minutes'speech,
as the reading of the letters has occupied all his
time.
[Cries of " Agreed!" from all parts of the Hall.]
Mr. DARBY. I am under obligations to the
House at all times for their courtesy. The House
is well aware that I have not been in a situation
to discharge my duties as fully as I could have
wished, and which is due to the large constituency
I represent. 1 have not time to enter into details
now, as I have but a few minutes allotted to me.
The appropriation which I ask for has been rec-
ommended by the Departments. I applied to the
Departments to find whether there was anything
more necessary, and they have given me the in-
formation which has just been read. If this build-
ing was intended for the custom-house alone, the
appropriations would have been amply sufficient
for the purpose; but from the report which has
: been read, you will discover that there are at least
' a dozen other offices in the building—the sub-
| treasury, the circuit court of the United States,
j the superintendent of Indian affairs, the surveyor
general, the collector of customs, &c., in all
some ten or twelve. The amount of revenue col-
lected at the custom-house in the city of St. Louis
in the last year, I discover from the report, is two
hundred and ninety-three thousandand some hun-
dred dollars. I ask, in justice to the appropriations
already made, on account of the large amount of
former appropriations which were required to
purchase a site en which to erect a building, and
on account of the numerous other purposes for
which the building is to be occupied, and thegreat
, benefit which will result to the Government, if in
nothing more, in the saving of the heavy rents
which the Government has been paying for a great
many years, that this appropriation should be
made. This certainly would be the best policy
j we could adopt, and it is one which is required
by the growing commerce of that city.
I do not know that 1 should trespass longer upon
the patience of the House. It has been very in-
dulgent to me, and I hope as the sum asked for is
not very large, and as the report shows it will be
required to finish the building, that they will award
it. It is very little more than is asked for in the
preceding line for the custom-house at Charleston.
I venture the assertion that in less than ten years
there will not be more than three or four custom
I houses in the United States where the amount of
I revenue collected will be greater. I hope that the
appropriation will be made.
Mr. HOUSTON. These estimates, coming tn
as they do, seem to me to be very well calculated
to embarrass the action of the House. The rec-
ords, facts, and history of these custom-house
; appropriations, will show the House the difficul-
: ties which embarrass the subject. At the last
j Congress an appropriation was made for custom-
houses at Pittsburg, Cincinnati, Louisville, and
St. Louis, one in Maine, and two in Alabama.
The original law by which the custom-houses were
authorized to be built, limited the cost of these
buildings to a certain amount of money, which
was §75,000, except in the case of the St. Louis
custom-house, which was $50,000, but by a pro-
viso in the law was not to exceed $75,000. At the
last session of Congress, more than twelve months
after the first appropriation, and after giving sut-
( ficient time for the Secretary of the Treasury to
1 examine his engineers, or whoever makes esti-
