1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
685
to the appropriation for Mobile that I took with
regard to the appropriation for St. Louis; and
every gentleman who paid_any attention to the
discussions in this House, or in the Committee
on Ways and Means, knows that that is the
ground which I took. Sir, I am not in the habit
of going for appropriations in my own State, and
against appropriations in other States that are
equally meritorious. I think if the record shows
anything with respect to my course upon this sub-
ject, it shows that fact. I am sure the Committee
on Ways and Means will sustain my statement.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, then
withdrew his amendment to the amendment.
The question recurred upon Mr. Darby's
amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 move to increase the amount
of the appropriation five dollars. I make that mo-
tion for the purpose of submitting a few remarks
to the committee. I have no desire 'to find fault
with the chairman of the Committee on Ways
and Means; but I think he is unnecessarily severe
upon the Secretary of the Treasury, when he inti-
mates to the committee that that officer should be
exact in the communication of estimates for the
expenditures of the coming year, in every in-
stance, or in this particular instance. Sir, I do
not think that the Secretary of the Treasury, in
sending us estimates for the appropriations neces-
sary to be made for the ensuing fiscal year, as he
is required to do by law, should be expected to be
accurate in every case, or, indeed, in almost any
case. Why, sir, what are estimates? They are
but guesses or conjectures as to the appropriations
necessary to be made in order to carry on the
Government. Every intelligent gentleman in the
country, who is at all familiar with legislation,
might make estimates or conjectures, almost as
accurate as those usually made by the Secretary
of the Treasury.
But, sir, 1 wish to say a few words with refer-
ence to this particular appropriation for the build-
ing of a custom-house, court-house, post office,
and so forth, at the city of St. Louis. I shall
speak of it not bnly with reference to that point,
but with reference to other points in the great
western country, for which we should legislate as
well as for the rest of the Union. My friend from
St. Louis [Mr. Darby] has had read at the
Clerk's desk a letter from the Treasury Depart-
ment, showing that the supervising architect of
this building states in his official capacity—and
that statement is indorsed by the Assistant Sec-
retary of the Treasury—that the sum asked for by
the gentleman from St. Louis is necessary to
carry on and complete the building contemplated
at that point.
Mr. Chairman, it should be borne in mind that !
this appropriation is hot for a custom-house ,
alone. It is for a United States court, for a post 1
office, for a sub-treasury office, for a building in
which to preserve the records of your public lands.
Surely, if any appropriation is necessary in this
broad land, it is one for the erection of fire-proof
buildings for the preservation of the public records
and the accommodation of the public servants of
thecountry. Sir,I thinktheCongressof theUnited
States is not sufficiently alive to the importance
of these structures in the great western country.
The records of the titles to lands for more than
one half the State of Ohio, may be destroyed on
any night by a fire in the city of Chilicothe, in
which I reside. All the records of land titles in
the southern half of the State of Ohio are depos-
ited there by act of Congress, and no appropria-
tion has ever been made for the rent or construc-
tion of a fire-proof building, in which to preserve
them. The register and receiver of public moneys
there, are obliged to have a house at their own ex-
pense, in which to preserve those records. These
appropriations are very beneficial to the country
at large. They are demanded by the increasing
business of the western country, and the fact
stated by the gentleman from St. Louis, that
$300,000 was collected at the custom-house at
that port during the last year, ought to induce
the committee to vote this appropriation without
another word.
[Here the hammer fell.J
Mr. DUNHAM. I did not intend to say any-
thing with reference to this matter; but the gentle-
man from Ohio last up has made a remark which
shows that he is not very conversant with theman-
ner in which these appropriations for public build-
ings have been made. The law requires that before
any appropriation shall be made for a public build- |
ing, the proper Department shall adopt a plan,
and then make estimates for the construction of it
upon that plan. If, therefore, the Secretary of
the Treasury—whom the gentleman volunteers to
defend—understood his business, and obeyed the
law, adopted a plan, and estimated with reference
to it, he certainly could hare made something
more than an approximation to the amount that
would be necessary to complete this building.
But, sir, any gentleman who will look at the
history of these custom-houses, will find that the
Treasury Department, in its original estimates for
them, placed the amount much below that which
has been already expended.
Mr. DARBY. Will the gentleman allow me
to explain ? The estimates which I furnished to
the House this morning were furnished by the
Secretary of the Treasury, after sending a com-
missioner all the way to St. Louis for the purpose
of ascertaining the precise amount which would
be required, and this is the amount.
Mr. DUNHAM. Well, sir, I was proceeding
to say, that 1 supposed, in accordance with law,
when the Treasury Department first proposed
to construct this building at St. Louis, he submit-
ted a plan of it, and submitted his estimates for
constructing it upon that plan. But since that
time, the plan has been enlarged, and we have
since already made additional appropriations in
fwo different instances to correspond with such
enlargements.
Mr. DARBY. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will explain that.
Mr. DUNHAM. I have but five minutes, and
a great part of that time is already gone. I cannot
yield any further. Now, sir, it is a very common
custom for the Departments to make estimates
for such a building as they believe the public inter-
ests require, but the people of the town where
the building is to be erected think the plan is
not upon a scale sufficiently magnificent for their
tastes and consequence, ana they besiege the De-
partments to enlarge these plans and to send to
Congress new and increased estimates. I presume
any gentleman who desires to have a public build-
ing commenced at any point, or to have enlarged
the plan of one already commenced, can, by bring-
ing the proper influence to bear, get estimates to
suit his wishes and purposes made and sent to
Congress. If it was necessary for the public in-
terests to have the plan for this building enlarged
and additional appropriations made, I should like
to have some gentleman tell me why these in-
creased estimates were not submitted in the regu-
lar estimates of the Treasury Department, and
sent to the Committee on Ways and Means, as
other estimates for the service of that Department
were. Is it not evident that this was an after-
thought, to accommodate the.expensive notions
of the people of St. Louis ?
We first appropriated $75,000 for the erection
of this building. That was in accordance with
the plan then proposed, and what they then said
was amply sufficient for the wants of the Gov-
ernment at that place. Last year, however, we
added to that nearly forty thousand dollars more,
which they then again said would be sufficient to
complete the building. But now the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Darby] comes here, and
tells us that an appropriation of something over
one hundred thousand dollars more is necessary,
and asks us to appropriate it. -Now, sir, either
there must be some great want of capacity in the
Treasury Department, orthereis something wrong
in these repeated estimates sent in here year after
year, we being told that each is all that will be re-
quired for the completion of the work, when the
law requires that before a single dollar can be ap-
propriated for the commencement of a public build-
ing, a plan shall be adopted and an estimate made,
in accordance with that plan. There is something
wrong somewhere. It cannot be possible that
these sums are all to construct the work upon the
plan originally estimated for, or else there was
gross incapacity or dishonesty in making the first
estimates.
Mr. DARBY. If the gentleman from Indiana
will allow me, I will tell him why these estimates
were not included in the annual report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. If he had listened to the
letter which was read from the Secretary of the
Treasury, he would have found that the informa-
tion needed by the Secretary, to enable him to
make these estimates, had not then been received.
His report was made on the 10th of December
last, and these estimates were not received until
sometime in the month of January. The bids for
completing the work had not then come in. The
report itself shows that he could not get in these
estimates then.
But, sir, the gentleman says the people of St.
Louis or Missouri have besieged the Departments.
I have not heard of it. I have not myself been in
a situation to besiege them, and I do not know of
any such thing having been done. I suppose the
idea of such a thing must be altogether imaginary
upon the part of the gentleman. The Depart-
ment has made its own plans for the construction
of this building. The people of St. Louis have
had nothing to do with it.
Mr. DUNHAM. I did not say the people of
St. Louis or Missouri had besieged the Depart-
ment, but I say this: the law required that the
Department should determine upon its plans, and
submit its estimates upon these plans.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the
pending amendment may be reported.
It was read by the Clerk.
Mr. JONES. I move to strike out the word
"fifteen." I do it for the purpose of making a
brief explanation of this subject. These custom-
houses in St. Louis, at Louisville, at Cincinnati,
at Pittsburg, and at some other points in the
West, perhaps, were commenced under limitations
upon them as to the amount which should be ex-
pended in their construction. They put a low
limit upon them, and provided that no contract
should be entered into for the commencement of
the work until it was ascertained that the whole
work could be completed for the amount named
in the estimates.
I resisted these appropriations for the com-
mencement of these buildings because I thought
they were not necessary to the public interests;
but I resisted also, at the same time, the proviso put-
ting these limits upon the appropriations, upon the
ground that if the construction of these buildings
was authorized, the amount appropriated would
be found inadequate, and that we should be obliged
to make a further appropriation for them, and to
continue to appropriate until the buildings should
be finished. And this has been the fact with almost
every one of these buildings. The friends of these
appropriations agreed to these limitations in order
to get the appropriations to commence the works,
ana because they could accomplish their object in
that way. But since that time, they, have come
here and asked for further appropriations, and
there is no object in withholding them. These
buildings will be completed; the friends of the
measure will continue to come here and ask for
appropriations until they get enough to complete
them; and the Government having determined,
whether right or wrong, to construct them, we
had better give money enough to make them sub-
stantial, fire-proof, and such as are necessary to
meet the wants of the Government. It will be an
economy of the public money, in my opinion.
You have started out with the works, and you
will have to go on and finish them.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I think the
gentleman from Tennessee has shown a sufficient
reason why his own amendment should not be
adopted.
Mr. JONES. It was a mere pro forma amend-
ment. I do not desire that it shall be adopted.
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, sir, I avail myself of
this opportunity to show why this pro forma amend-
ment should not be adopted, but that the amend-
ment originally offered by the gentleman from
St. Louis [Mr. Darby] should carry. The objec-
tion urged by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Dunham,] so far as I understood him, was that no
estimate has been presented in the annual report
of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. DUNHAM. The gentleman is mistaken.
The objection I made was, that the law required
that there should be a plan adopted for the build-
ing, and the estimates sent in, before a dollar could
be appropriated; that such a plan was adopted for
this custom-house, and that the estimates upon
that plan were sent in for the work, of $75,000.
Since then further estimates have been sent in,
