68 6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
and we have made large appropriations in pursu-
ance of those estimates, and now we are asked to
appropriate #100,000 more, notwithstanding this
provision of law that the plan should be adopted
and the estimates for the entire cost of the work
presented, before a single dollar should be appro-
priated.
Mr. STEPHENS. There is information before
us showing that this further appropriation should
be made—that this amount will be necessary.
Now, the question is not whether we have ex-
pended $75,000 already, or whether we have ex-
pended any other amount. We have expended a
large amount of money in the commencement of
the work, and the question is whether we shall
a&andon the work we have commenced, or whether
we shall appropriate an amount sufficient to com-
plete the building. That is the question before
us.
Mr. DUNHAM. I understand these estimates
are to complete the budding upon a plan larger
than that originally adopted.
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, sir, such is not the
information before the House. That may be the
gentleman's understanding of the matter, but I
look upon it as simply a question of whether the
House will go on and complete the work it has
already commenced, or whether it will abandon
what has been already done.
Mr. JONES, by unanimous consent, Withdrew
his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DISNEY, t move to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto a like appropriation for
the custom-houses in Louisville and Cincinnati.
Mr, Chairman, my object in moving this amend-
ment is for the purpose of saying a word or two
upon the Bubject of these appropriations. There
has never been, so far as my experience in this
body is concerned, a solitary proposition ema-
nating from the West, nor for the advantage of
the commerce of the West, that has not encoun-
tered a terrible opposition in this House. Millions
are voled here by gentlemen upon this floor for
the improvement of our Atlantic coast. Custom-
houses involving the expenditures of untold mil-
lions have received the approbation of gentlemen
in this House. Millions will be voted for your
Coast Survey; millions for your Mints, and the
thousand-and-one other expenses of the Govern-
ment; but let a proposition be announced upon
this door for the expenditure of a small and nig-
gardly sum of money for the benefit of the com-
mercial interests of the western portion of our Con-
federacy, and a tremendous opposition is raised
upon all sides, and from all parts of the country.
Now, sir, why is this? Does not the commerce of
the western portion of the Confederacy appeal with
as much force to the consideration of the House
of Representatives of the United States as does
that of any other portion of theUnii
It ought
to, and why does it not do it? Gentlemen would sit
here and vote millions to Boston, New York, or
Philadelphia, but talk of expending $100,000 for
St. Louis, Cincinnati, or Louisvil/e, and an out-
cry is raised at once. They say it is a wasteful
expenditure of the public money, and they cannot
understand the necessity of it. Gentlemen pro-
claim their astonishment at the extent of the west-
ern trade of this western country, but that does
not alter their opinions in relation to the necessity
of the construction of custom-houses for the ac-
commodation of that trade.
Sir, these appropriations are necessary to put
up the proper buildings in these places, and if you
are to have any buildings, you should have proper
ones. Something has been said here about the
estimates of the Secretary of the Treasury, and
the question has been asked why those estimates
were not submitted with his annual report ? Why,
the reason is that he did not receive the bids for
the completion of these custom-houses soon enough
to present them in his annual report, but the fact
has now-been developed that it will require at
least $100,000 more than has been granted to erect
custom-houses in each of these places. The Sec-
tary of the Treasury did not, however, know 1
this fact when he submitted his estimates to the
Committee on Ways and Means, but he knows it
now,and the simple question for you to determine 1
is, whether you will build a proper and suitable
edifice, or none at all. As 1 said before, the ori-
ginal amount appropriated will not construct build-
ings which will meet the public necessities. These
remarks apply equally to St. Louis, Cincinnati, |
I and Louisville, and I hope, therefore, my amend-
\ ment will be adopted.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I think the gentleman
from Ohio has been unjust to the Atlantic States.
I I am not aware that they have ever shown a dis-
; position to vote money to build custom-houses for
l their own accommodation, and refuse to vote
i money liberally for thesamepurposes in the West,
and I challenge the gentleman from Ohio to pro-
duce a single instance of it.
: Now, sir, where does the difficulty lie? Does
1 it lie with the Committee on Ways and Means?
No. 1 take pleasure in saying that it does not lie
withthem. Where is it to be found? Itistobe
found in the movements of the very men who
come forward and ask for these appropriations for
the West. They come forward and tell the proper
officers that they want a certain amount of money
for a certain purpose, and they tell thatofficerthat
the sum they ask is all that will be needed. They
come here and tell this House that that amount
is all that will be required, and that with it they
will be satisfied. Thegentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] I believe, told the truth when hesaid
that, at the same time, they had a mental reserva-
! tion,and supposed that if they once broke the ice,
! it would be easy to take from the Treasury all that
they wanted. The real fact is, that the West do
themselves injustice by not coming forward, and
trusting to the liberality and sense of justice of
members from the other sections of the country.
I We are perfectly willing to give them all they
! need; and all we ask of them is, to come forwai#
like men and say that they want a custom-house
in St. Louis and Louisville, and one that will cost
$250,000. Then we would vote that, upon finding
their claim just, quicker—I would, and 1 have no
doubt 1 speak the sentiments of others from the
Atlantic States—than we would vote $50,000,
knowing that ultimately we shall have to appro-
priate $25,000 or $50,000 year after year. Such
piece-meal appropriations embarrass the progress
of the building, and work an injury to the Treas-
ury, because you cannot put up a building advan-
, tageously in that way.
I repel the charge which has been brought by
the gentleman from Ohio against the Representa-
tives of our Atlantic States. We are willing to
give them all they need. We are willing to vote
them this $115,000, and the Committee on Ways
and Means are willing to report that.sum if they
will come forward and ask for what they want at
once, and not a part only, thinking if they can
get Congress to make one appropriation, they will
1 find no difficulty in obtaining the whole at a sub-
sequent time. Let them come forward frankly,
and they will find us ready to meet them, and give
] them all they need. They ought to tell us frank-
ly what is needed, and then we will vote for it.
Mr. PHELPS, (interrupting.) In reply to the
remarks of the gentleman from Connecticut,
which seem to imply a censure upon my course
at the last session of Congress, I will say that I
then submitted an amendment for an appropria-
tion to build a custom-house at St. Louis. That
amendment embraced the entire amount of money
which the Secretary of the Treasury informed us
was necessary upon the plan then adopted. But j
since that time a different plan has been adopted,
which requires a larger amount of money.
Mr. CLEVELAND. If I understand thestate-
ment of the gentleman, he casts a censure upon
the proper officer who made the estimates. If he'
asked for money at the last session, I have no
doubt that he got what he asked.
Mr. PHELPS. He did.
Mr. CLEVELAND. The difficulty seems to
be, they did not know what was needed, or know-
ing, did not ask for it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLSON. I move to reduce the appro-
priation $50,000. I want some information upon
this subject before I can vote upon it. I desireto
ask the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Darby]
whether any application has been made to this
House by the Treasury Department for this
additional appropriation ?
Mr. DARBY. I will answer the gentleman
from Virginia, by stating that I addressed a letter
to the Secretary of the Treasury, and asked him
what appropriation would be needed at St. Louis,
mentioning at the same time the fact that this civil
and diplomatic bill was before the House, and I
needed the information promptly, in ordei;to lay
it before the House. The Assistant Treasurer
answered my letter, and said that the sum of
$115,000 was necessary.
! Mr. MILLSON. It is as I supposed. Upon
|! an application made by the gentleman from Mis-
! souri to the Secretary of the Treasury, as to the
amount that would or might be required, the in-
formation was obtained.
Now, sir, regarding all these custom-houses as'
Government buildings, intended for public uses,
and not to ornament the cities in which they may
be erected, 1 do not think that the demand for an
appropriation ought to come from the local repre-
sentatives, for it is the duty of the Department to
ask for such appropriations as the public service
may require. No such application has been made
in this case, and we are now invited to make the
appropriation merely upon the suggestion of the
Representative from the district.
Will any gentleman inform me what amount
we have appropriated for the custom-houses at
New Orleans and Charleston? My impression
is, that more than a million of dollars have already
been appropriated to construct the custom-house
at New Orleans, and several hundred thousand
dollars for that at Charleston. If this be so, and
I believe it is, I take the opportunity to say that
I regard all these expenditures as very great
abuses. What possible justification can there be
for such a waste of the public funds in the erection
of such buildings? I Relieve that for many years
after our Government went into operation, there
was no appropriation for the construction of cus-
tom-houses at all.
Here permit me to make a few remarks in ref-
erence to the appropriation made for the custom-
house at Norfolk. One hundred thousand dollars
were appropriated by the Government for that
custom-house. I was informed this morning by
Mr. Young, in a casual conversation, that he was
now engaged in examining the various bids or
proposals that had lately been received for build-
ing this custom-house, and that these bids prob-
I ably exceeded the amount appropriated by some
! fifteen or twenty thousand dollars, but the precise
amount he could not tell. Certainly that deficiency
' is very small compared with the deficiency which
the gentleman from Missouri desires to provide
for by his present amendment. But, sir, if there
should be such a deficiency, let the Department
come forward and ask for it. I do not feel my-
self authorized to ask an additional appropriation
for the custom-house at Norfolk, merely because
the architect supposes that there may be a small
deficiency; nor should we make an appropriation
! in any case for such objects, until the Department,
upon its own responsibility, asks it at our hands.
I would inquire of the gentleman from Missouri
whether the building of the custom-house at St.
Louis has even been commenced?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DARBY, I will state this additional fact,
that this buildingis not a custom-house alone, but
designed for alltheofficesofGovernment; and there
will be, I think, a great saving to the Government
by having a building and room a sufficient for the
! accommodation of the public business. There is
j the office of the sub-treasury; of the surveyor
' general; the office of the recorder of land titles for
the State of Missouri—an office under the General
Government in which are the archives of the rec-
ord-title of the whole of that country; the office
; of the receiver of the public money, all to be
located in this building.
Mr. MILLSON. At the expiration of my five
minutes'speech, I asked the gentleman a question,
which 1 hope he will now answer; and it is, whether
the building of the custom-house at St. Louis has
; been even commenced at this time?
Mr. DARBY. I will give the gentleman all the
information I have upon the subject. A superin-
tendent was appointed, who went out there, tore
down the old building, prepared the site, and, as I
arn informed, the foundation has been commenced.
The Commissioner of Customs visited St. Louis,
under special directions of the Treasury Depart-
p^ns and specifications, and invited
bids. Those bids were not returned in time for
the estimate to be included in the general appro-
priations asked for by the Treasury.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsyi vama. I wish to
know whether the hundred thousand and odd dol-
lars, which has already been appropriated, has
1 been expended, and if not, how much of it ?
