688
TrtE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18.
If we indulge in such discussions we never will
aret through with the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the course of remark indulged in on the
amendment under consideration, is not in order.
Mr. STUART. I got done long before the gen-
tleman had raised his point of order.
Mr. STANLY. Then it is the first time the
gentleman has been done this session.
Mr. PRESTON. I know that ought to go down
with a great deal of good humor 
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
order.
Mr. PRESTON. I will simply ask the Chair
if the gentleman did not move to reduce the ap-
propriation to one dollar, and if it is not debatable ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman debated
it in the affirmative, and the gentleman from Mich-
igan in the negative.
Mr. PRESTON. Not on that amendment, but
on the amendment originally offered of $87,000.
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in \
order.
Mr. PRESTON. I move to strike out and in-
sert #30.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
already pending to the amendment, and a further
amendment is not in order at this time.
The question was then taken on Mr. Johnson's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. PRESTON. I move, pro forma, to strike
out and insert " one dollar."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
the opinion that it is not competent for the gentle-
man to offer an amendment to his own amend-
ment. The gentleman can modify his amend-
ment with the consent of the committee.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise to a
question of order. It is quite as competent for
the mover of a proposition to amend it, as any
other member on the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the uniform practice of the House has
been of an opposite character.
Mr. FREEMAN. I offer to amend the amend-
ment by adding " three thousand dollars."
I will remark, in relation to this matter, that we j
know very well the city of Louisville is rapidly
increasing in commercial importance. The Bal-
timore and Ohio railroad is now completed, and
lines of steamers are running in connection with
that road from Louisville to Wheeling. The
channels of commerce to the western rivers are
rapidly increasing.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. I go for all these |
custom-houses when they 'are needed; but I ask j
the gentleman from Mississippi what amount of
revenueis collected at Louisville, and what amount
of tonnage is there at that point ?
Mr. FREEMAN. I will refer the gentleman
to the official reports. This custom-house at
Louisville—a large and rapidly-growing commer-
cial city upon the Ohio—has been already estab-
lished and is partly built. We have already ascer-
tained, by estimates shown to this House by the i
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Preston,] that
this appropriation is needed. We had this same
subject discussed here at the last session by Mr.
Marshall, former representative of the Louis-
ville district, and the House is therefore familiar
with the subject. Allow me to say to the gentle-
man from Georgia, who boasts that donations of
lands have b«en made to the western States for
railroads, that I have yet to see the first donation
of public lands that has been made for railroads
West. I hope the gentleman will examine the
statutes before he makes charges of this character.
He will find that the railroad grants are contracts
of bargain and sole; the lands are granted upon
condition that the roads are built, and the public
mails transported thereon at the rate of forty in-
stead of four miles an hour. This public service,
and the additional value lent to the remaining
lands, is known to be a full consideration for the
grant; to argue to the contrary is to exhibit a total
blindness to past events.
What do the old States propose ? A system of
distribution according to popular representation,
whereby New Yprk (for example) would get
five millions of acres, and Mississippi only two
millions; but Mississippi is to build several hun-
dred miles of railroad, and New York is to per-
form no public service whatever. Such is the
Amazing liberality of the old States! And yet they
• profess to be liberal, and boast largely of making ;
munificent presents—large donations of public do-
main. Sir, I want to hear no more of this empty
boasting.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRESTON. I ask the indulgence of the
committee to permit me again to trespass upon its
time for a few moments. I would be unwilling,
however important it might be, to demand or re-
ceive this appropriation upon a sectional view of
the question; nor would the people I represent de-
sire me to obtain the amendment if it be not in-
trinsically right. The gentleman from Georgia
denies the utility of all the custom-houses in the
valley of the Mississippi, and would deprive its
cities of the right to engage in the direct import j
trade. Let me ask if the people of Cincinnati, '
of St. Louis, of Louisville, and of Pittsburg, the |
chief cities that stud that great chain of rivers,
have not an equal right with the merchants of the
Atlantic sea-coast to engage directly in the foreign
trade? Have they not the right, by pursuing this
course, to escape from the factorage, the commis-
sions, and the profits, exacted by the importing
merchant at the great Atlantic cities? I esteem it
wise to diffuse and decentralize this trade. If I
remember rightly, the Supreme Court have de-
cided that admiralty jurisdiction applies to the
great rivers of the valley of the Mississippi; and
the chief cities on their margin have been declared
ports of entry by Congress. Without doubt, the
f>rincipal incidents of a port of entry should fol- •
ow, and no barrier should exist, nor facility be
denied, to prevent their citizens from engaging in
the direct importation of foreign goods.
In reply to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Fuller,] I state that the amount of custom-du-
ties received at Louisville, during the past year,
was not quite $60,000, and the imports were about
$300,000; and this at a point where, a few years
since, there were no imports, and not a dollar of
. revenue derived from direct commerce.
I trust, sir, that the amendment will be adopted, -
and that the people of Louisville, and the western
cities, under the just legislation of Congress, will
be permitted to enter into a direct commerce with
foreign countries, and import directly the produc-
tions of Europe for their domestic consumption,
if they find it more advantageous to their interests.
Mr. FULLER. I am not opposed to granting
money to build custom-houses anywhere they are
needed. All I want to know is, that the sum we
j! vote be adapted to the wants of the locality, and
' with a view of getting at that, I desire the inform-
11 ation from the gentleman from Kentucky. I know
j that at several points in my own State, where the
tonnage is $50,000 and $60,000, we build very good
I custom-houses for §25,000.
Mr. PRESTON. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury has given the estimates and the bids, and if
my amendment passes, all that is necessary is to
enter upon the obligations, and complete the work.
Mr. SKELTON. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky answer me a question ?
i, Mr. PRESTON. I cannot yield the floor, as I
have but a minute or two left. I will state that
the total estimates amount to about $162,000, and
the estimate of the iron-work in one of the con- ,
tracts amounts to fifty-odd thousand dollars. The j
price of that metal has increased more than one
hundred per cent, since the time the original ap-
propriation was made, making a difference of some
$20,000 in that article alone; and labor, materials,
and all otherarticleshaveadvanced greatly in price.
Kentucky pays $2,000,000 a year into the Federal
Treasury, and she has never had $500,000 drawn
out of it for all the public buildings of that State.
Still we go on and vote appropriations for the
Atlantic sea-board, for a full and efficient Navy,
for their custom-houses, and their fortifications,
and I hope that a similar spirit of just and liberal
statesmanship will induce the Representatives from
other sections to make appropriations for our
western custom-houses at St. Louis, Cincinnati,
and Louisville.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRESTON. 1 withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to in-
crease the appropriation one dollar. I wish barely ,
, to state, that so far as I am myself personally con-
cerned, I have not the slightest hostility to west-
| em interests, and that I am in favor of the com-
I pletion of these custom-houses. I wish mainly,
j however, to reply to the remark of the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] as to the amount
of money which Georgia has received from the
public Treasury, in the way of extinguishing her
Indian titles to land. My colleague [Mr. John-
son] was right when he stated that Georgia never
received a dollar from the Treasury, except what
was paid her in pursuance of her deed of cession
for her western territory, now forming the States
of Alabama and Mississippi. For this surrender
she was to receive one million and a quarter
of dollars in money, and to have the Indian title
extinguished to all the other lands then occupied
by the Indian tribes within her limits. By that
session, Georgia sold to the General Government
fifty-eight million eight hundred and forty-six
thousand five hundred and ninety-five acres of
land, for the small consideration just stated. I
have documents before me from which this will
appear. It is a report from the Land Office, made
in 1844—House Doc. No. 457, page 48, 1st sess.
28th Congress. And here we see that the General
Government had at that time (1844) realized in
money from these lands, $30,218,824 93, and had
still on hand unsold, twenty-five million two hun-
dred and seventeen thousand nine hundred and
forty-nine acres of land:
Entire
amount.
Am't purchase
money received.
Acres
unsold.
Alabama, N. 31°.
Mississippi, do..
31,240,725
27,605,870
$17,178,995 56
13,039,829 37
15,811,243
9,406,706
58,846,595
$30,218,824 93 25,217,949
The extinguishment of the Indian titles to
all these, lands, by the same document, cost
$11,828,130 41; but of this only $3,398,940 58
was for the extinguishment of the Indian title
to the remaining lands in Georgia. So that the
General Government made at least $18,000,000
by this transaction with Georgia, and twenty-
five millions of acres besides; a large portion of
these she has given to Alabama and to Mis-
sissippi; but not an acre of land, or a dollar
in money to Georgia. I have no hostility to Ala-
bama or Mississippi, on this or any other account,
nor have I any to the West. I am in favor of the
amendment of thegentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Preston,] and will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to strike out the
whole amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Preston.] I do it because I do not
admire the system of legislation which is resorted
to for the purpose of having constructed 
Mr. FREEMAN. I call the gentleman to
order. It is not competent for the gentleman to
strike out the whole amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well; then I will strike
out one dollar, so that my friend will be accommo-
dated. I say I am opposed to this whole system
of legislation, because it seems to me that it is
calculated to secure a very improper advantage of
the House of Representatives in the disposition of
the people's money. I recollect distinctly the
scene which occurred here at the last session of
Congress when this Louisville projet was under
discussion, when money was asked for to aid in
the purchase of a site upon which to locate this cus-
tom-house. The gentleman who then had the hon-
or of representing the district, [Mr. Marshall,]
now represented by my friend upon my right,
[Mr. Preston,] came into this House with all the
plans fully and fairly drawn out, and with minute
estimates showing the precise amounts needed to
complete the building. And he told us then, that
if the House would appropriate $16,000 for the
purchase of a lot, the $75,000 heretofore appropri-
ated would be found entirely sufficient to erect the
building which it was proposed to put up. Well,
sir, we made an appropriation of $16,000 for that
specific purpose, and now the representative from
tnat district comes forward with various estimates,
plans, and detailed bids, and informs the House
that the building cannot be put up for $75,000 as
was then represented to us, but that more than
double that sum will be required, to wit, $87,700
in addition to what we have already voted.
Now, I ask, if the House is to tolerate a species
of legislation like this, how long it will be before
the public Treasury of the country will be ex-
hausted > Sir, it seems to me that the commence-
ment and prosecution of improvements on such a
principle as this, is calculated to take a very un-
fair advantage of the House.
