690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
tha whole proceeding as an unauthorized, extrav-
agant, and wasteful squandering of the public1
money. We are called upon to adorn these cities
at enormous expense, and when money is asked
for a really useful, proper, and necessary purpose,
we have points of order first, and if these fail, then
we are voted down on a complaint that money is
scarce. Three quarters of a million of dollars
are squandered in building custom-houses where
they can be of no more use in collecting the rev-
enue than a light-house on the Alleghany mount-
ains would be in navigating the Atlantic, and
small sums for useful purposes are then denied.
You have custom-houses on the sea-coast, and
here they are useful. You have one at Shields-
borough, and it is useful, not for the revenue
collected there, but as a means of preventing smug- '
gling along the coast between New Orleans and
Mobile. You ought to have a custom-house agency
at all the villages between those two important
points, otherwise smuggling will be carried on.
We do not ask a palace for the accommodation
of your collector at Shieldsborough; we only say
that he is a useful, necessary, and proper officer,
and that inasmuch as you are compelled to keep
him there, you ought to provide him a decent and
proper house to live in. If you can vote three
quarters of a million for custom-houses, where we
all know they are not needed, is it too much to
ask you to vote ten thousand for a custom-house
where it is needed, and where you are compelled
to keep it ?
I am not opposed to the West—I have no hos-
tility to that interesting and patriotic portion of
our common country. All my sympathies and
all my attachments are strongly with her. My
strongest hopes for the future growth, progress,
and prosperity of the nation, rest upon the energy,
intelligence, and enlarged patriotism of the great
West. But I will not deceive myself, nor shall
others deceive me, in a matter like this. It is no
favor to the West to waste $750,000 in building
splendid palaces in Louisville, Cincinnati, and St.
Louis. They will stand there as monuments of
your folly and extravagance, while hundreds of
really useful objects in that great and growing
country pine ana perish beneath your cold neglect.
Show me a useful object in the West—one in
which the people there are interested, one that can
promote their prosperity, and 1 will vote for it.
But when I am asked to adorn certain western
cities at the expense of the National Treasury,
without hope of benefiting the country at large,
and with a certain knowledge that the money thus
waBted could be better expended for other objects
of western interest, I will not do it. I am for the
useful, and opposed to the extravagant and merely
ornamental.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WALSH. To my mind, Mr. Chairman,
one of the best illustrations of the genius of the
Government, and to use a phrase employed the
other day, of the genius of this House, ia  that
legislation which has made ports in the interior, on
the inland seas, ports of entry. Goods, to be sure,
are imported at the cities on the sea-board; but
for the convenience of men who have their capital
in the interior, and whose place of business is in
the great West, they are allowed to execute bonds
for the payment of duties at their own homes.
This illustrates the great principle of equal laws
and equal rights, which is the basis of our Govern-
ment. The great cities of the West, which have
sprung up as if by magic, are put on an equality
with those possessing natural advantages on the
sea-board. And why, sir, should it be said that
individuals who have accumulated capital by their ;
own energies, and who are engaged in the com-
merce of the country, shall go and make their im- !
portations at the sea-board and not have the pnvi- j
'lege of paying duties at the location of their homes ?
It seems to me that we should not look on this legisla-
tion in any narrow spirit. As has been well said,
that has neither been the course of Congress nor the
judicial tribunals. They have regarded all these
great rivers and lakes as inland seas, and they
have extended over them the broad mantle of the
admiralty jurisdiction. Under it, as every gentle-
man is aware, burdens are imposed on western
commerce. There is not a man engaged ip the
navigation of one of the steamboats on those wa-
ters who is not compelled to pay into the Treasury
of the United States what is known as the hospital
money. All boats plying on those waters are
under the operation of the admiralty laws. And
why is it, when your commerce has expanded, and
the laws of admiralty are extended overall of these
great channels of trade, that western ports should
not have the same accommodation as those on the
sea-board ?
Something has been said in the course of the
debate about what the West had acquired in the
way of the public domain. This is not a propo-
sition for set-off. There is no such doctrine here.
It will not be pretended by anybody, I presume,
that, because Ohio or any of the western States
may have got a large amount of the public land, the
Government of the United States is relieved from
its constitutional duty to establish custom-houses
wherever commerce demands them. There is no
transfer of duty; and the constitutional obligation
exists in all its force.
A word or two, in conclusion,in regard to what
is said about estimates. Has not every individual,
here or elsewhere, who ever attempted to build a
house found the cost contemplated at the com-
mencement greatly enhanced before its comple-
tion ? The uncertainty of estimates depends on a
variety of contingencies, but principally on the
imperfection of human judgment in not having the
means of knowledge before starting out on such
undertaking. If that be true in regard to indi-
viduals, who havetheirown interest to guide them,
it is especially true in regard to the agents of the
Government, who have no more means of inform-
ation than individuals would have in similar cases.
There is another thing: So far from erecting
these buildings at an undue expense, these addi-
tional estimates are required actually by the mean-
ness of the Government. It seeks, when it estab-
lishes a custom-house at a particular point, to
crowd into it every department of the public busi-
ness—the land office, the office for Inaian affairs,
and the office for the preservation of the public
papers. Every description of business is crowded
into an establishment originally intended for the
accommodation of the trade of the vicinity. A
suitable building ought to be erected for each sepa-
rate department of the business of the Govern-
ment. So much are these various departments
crowded in one building, that they remind me of
the condition of things in some of the large cities
on the sea-board, where the poor are clustered in
great numbers in the same rooms—sometimes two
and three families together. We take nothing
from the public Treasury. The improvements
now developing the rich resources of the West,
were made in the main part by the expenditure of
private capital. The great railroad stretching from
the sea-board to the heart of the West, has been
constructed by private capitalists of my own city.
The Government having done nothing, is now
guilty of the meanness of refusing buildings for
the accommodation of these means of revenue and
glory.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of Mr. Brown to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The question recurring upon the amendment of
Mr. Disney, on a division there were—ayes 64,
noes 54. "
Mr. Stuart called for tellers; which were refused.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The following clause of the bill was read, viz:
" For continuing the construction nf the custom-house
at New Orleans, Louisiana, $100,000."
Mr. LANDRY. After the word " Louisiana,"
I move to strike out $100,000 and insert $324,000.
1 will be very brief in my remarks upon this ques-
tion. I.think this is the first occasion upon which
I have ever occupied a single moment of time of
the House, and I will not, certainly, at this late
hour, consume its time unnecessarily. I see that
every amendment which is offered here must be
sustained by very powerful arguments, and those
arguments are the estimates from the Departments.
Although this seems to be required in all cases,
still, on this very day, my honorable friend from
Missouri offered an amendment, which has passed
the committee, making an appropriation for a cus-
tom-house at St. Louis, without the estimates.
My friend from Kentucky [Mr. Preston] has of-
fered one of a like character, which has also
passed, and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Dis-
net] has also offered an amendment, which met
with like success. All these have been voted upon
and passed by the committee. I now come for-
ward and offer an amendment asking an appropri-
ation for the construction of a custom-house in
the city of New Orleans; but I do not ask the com-
mittee to adopt it without any grounds, for I come
here withestimatesfrom the Departments! I hope,
therefore, that there will be no objection to the
amendment I offer. I will not trouble the House
with any further remarks, but ask the Clerk to
read the following letters:
Treasury Department, February 17,1853.
Sir: I have the honor to inclose herewith copies of a
letter and estimate from the commissioners to superintend
the erection of tlie new custom house at New Orleans, from
which you will perceive that the appropriation of .$100,000
for continuing the construction of said buildingforthe fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1854, recommended in the
general estimates from this Department prepared before the
receipt of said letter and estimate, will be entirely inade-
quate, and that the sum of .$3-34,000 will be required during
that year, which I respectfully recommend may be appro-
priated for that purpose.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
THO. CORWIN,
Secretary of the Treasury•
Hon. George S. Houston, Chairman Committee on
Ways and Means, House of Rejirescntatives.
Architect's Office, New Custom-House, >
New Orleans, February 4, 1853. J
Gentlemen: The probable amount required for iron for
the new custom-house, New Orleans, from June 30, 1853,
to June 30, 1H54, will be sixty thousand dollars, and for all
other expenses in the construction of the building say
twenty-two thousand dollars per month, making an aggre-
gate of three hundred and twenty-four thousand dollars
($324,000) required for continuing the erection of the new
custom-house, New Orleans, daring the fiscal year ending
June 30,1854.
I remain, gentlemen, respectfully yours,
S. K. WHARTON,
General Superintendent.
To the Commissioners for the erection of a new custom-
house in Nev) Orleans,
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to have some
idea of what this custom-house will cost. Some
gentlemen around me say that it has cost about
$2,000,000.
Mr. LANDRY. I cannot answer directly what
it has cost. Every member of the committee will
see the necessity of this appropriation, and even
my honorable friend from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] who has made a general assault against
custom-houses, did not deny the necessity of a
custom-house in New Orleans. • Whatever it has
cost is not the question before the committee. It
is in process of construction now; appropriations
have been made for the building, and the work
must go on or be stopped.
Mr. LETCHER. Then it appears the gentle-
man does not know how much money has been
expended. I understand from a gentleman near
me, that $2,000,000 have been already expended,
and here is a recommendation from the Secretary
of the Treasury to appropriate $324,000 more to
continue the work on that custom-house. What
amount will be required to complete the building
in addition to the sum of $324,000 now asked for?
What sort of a building are they going to put up ?
Are they trying to see, as in other cases, how much
money they can expend ? I ask the gentleman how
much money will be required to finish it?
Mr. PENN. I will answer the gentleman. The
estimates are for about $3,000,000. They include
the custom-house, United State courts, post office,
and land office.
Mr. LETCHER. Then 1 have gotten the in-
formation I desire. The estimate is $3,000,000.
We have had very conclusive evidence this morn-
ing, that estimates are not to be relied upon. We
had an estimate of $75,000 for a custom-house at
Louisville; and although $91,000 was appropria-
ted at previous sessions, we were called upon this
morning to appropriate $87,000 more, exceeding
the estimate upwards of $100,000.' Upon this prin-
ciple, the custom-house at New Orleans is going
to cost some six or eight millions of dollars before
it is completed. That will certainly be the result.
It does seem to me that there ought to be some
stopping-place. These appropriations ought to be
checked, for if the Government is going on at this
rate, there is no telling what is to be the annual
expenditure of the people's money in the erection
of public buildings of tUis sort. We are also told,
by way of argument, in favor of this appropria-
tion, that the building will accommodate the post
office. It would be infinitely better to pay rent for
a post office, as is now done, than to go on and
put up a post office in every city; and it would
cost far less money. The public money is wasted
