1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
691
in the erection of these custom-houses along our
rivers. Such expenditures are recklessly extrava-
gant. Then, sir, I think it is full time to stop such
appropriations, to change the policy which Con-
gress has hitherto pursued in the erection of cus-
tom-houses.
I shall vote for this appropriation, believing that
it is the only meritorious application that has been
made here. I do it under the full belief, however,
that there is no telling how much more we are to
expend before this building shall be completed.
In all probability, when we come to add up the
amounts, we will find that there will have been ex-
pended some seven or eight millions of dollars.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I propose to
amend the amendment by increasing the amount
SI ,000. It is not my wish to prolong the discussion,
but I desire to say a single word upon the propri-
ety of making these appropriations, such as are
estimated for by the Department. The building at
New Orleans is, I suppose, two thirds finished.
It has been estimated, as 1 understand, to cost
$3,000,000. If you appropriate only $100,000,
the probability is that you will lose one half of
that for want of the funds to carry on the work
during the balance of the year. I know that last
fall the appropriation had given out. It had been
all expended, and it was currently reported through
the city that the scaffolding, which cost $200,000
or $300,000 would rot down before the appropri-
ations were made to finish the building. I say
that by appropriating these small sums—one fourth
or one half of what is necessary—you create three
times the expenditure you otherwise would, if you
■were to do the work at once.
Mr. LETCHER. Do I understand my friend
from Tennessee to say that this scaffolding .cost
$300,000 or $300,000? because if it does, 1 think
it is time that we should quit.
Mr. STANTON. I do not know that it cost
that amount exactly, but if the gentleman will go
to New Orleans, and see what scaffolding is neces-
sary to raise a building of that kind to support
the immense arches, it will not be as ridiculous a
proposition as he supposes.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to state another fact.
The original estimates for this building submitted
to the Committee on Ways and Means, were for
$100,000. The estimates now submitted were
sent to me this morning, after we had passed the
item for the New Orleans custom-house. That
is one reason why there is this conflict in the es-
timates of the Departments and the estimates now
before the House. The estimates now sent in
were never before the Committee on Ways and
Means at all, and they have just reached the
House.
We have discussed this question very fully
upon all sides. The propositions are fairly before
the committee, and I hope that, as we nave so
little time left, the Chair will compel gentlemen to
confine their remarks within the rule, and that we
shall be allowed to progress with the bill.
Mr. BEALE. What was the estimate sent to
you from the Department?
Mr. HOUSTON. The estimate sent to the
Committee op Ways and Means was $100,000,
and that is the amount inserted in the bill. But
the Secretary of the Treasury this morning sent
in the estimate presented by the gentleman from
New Orleans for $324,000 instead of $100,000.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, then withdrew his amendment to the
amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Landry's amend-
ment.
Mr. LANDRY. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chastain
and Hendricks were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported 81 in the affirmative. A further count not
being insisted on by the opponents of the amend-
ment, it was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURN. \ offer the following
amendment:
For preparing the site and laying the foundation for the
custom-house at Bangor, Maine, and for providing the
necessary connection between the same aud the public
streets in said city, #15,000.
The appropriation asked for in this amendment
is so very modest, that I have really some doubts
in reference to its fate.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Make the
sum large, and it will pass.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I would inquire of
the gentleman from Maine if there is any law au-
thorizing the erection of a custom-house at this
point?
Mr. WASHBURN. There is. I will state
very briefly to the committee the grounds upon
which I offer this amendment. During the Thirty-
first Congress an appropriation of $50,000 was
made for a custom-house at Bangor, and by its
terms that sum might be expended for the build-
ing, independent of the site. At the last session
of Congress an appropriation of $15,000 was made |
for the purchase of a site. Three places in Bangor
were looked at by the Commissioner of Customs j
for the location—one costing from $25,000 to
$30,000; another over $20,000, as I believe; and
the third $15,000. The site costing $15,000 was
owned by the city. It was in the Kenduskeag, a
stream which divides the city nearly in the middle.
It was selected because it was more central than
either of the other locations, and more convenient
to the people for a post office, which is to be in
the building. In addition to that it costs $10,000
less than either of the other locations. Fifty thou-
sand dollars will be necessary for the building,
and $15,000 has been paid for the site, and this
additional appropriation is asked for for the pur-
pose of removing the rubbish, preparing for the
foundations, and connecting the building with
the streets of the city.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 know of nothing
in our legislation in respect to which there has
been more abuse than in these appropriations for
custom-houses. Sir, a good many of these ap-
propriations were made at the time when I had
the honor of presiding over the Committee on
Ways and Means, and in every one of those ap- !
propriations we put in an express condition that
such a plan of the building should be adopted as
that in no event should its erection cost more than j
the appropriation then made.
Mr. WASHBURN. Will the gentleman from
Virginia allow me to say a word with reference to
this case ?
Mr. BAYLY. Sir, I know the case perfectly
well, and I undertake to say, that w-hen the ori-
ginal appropriation was asked for, we gave every
cent that was asked, and they told us that it was
enough.
Mr. WASHBURN. Will the gentleman from
Virginia allow me to state 
Mr. BAYLY. I cannot; I have only got five
minutes.
Mr. WASHBURN. I only want to say one
word.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Maine
is out of order. The gentleman from Virginia de-
clines to yield the floor.
Mr. BAYLY. I find in the course of this de-
bate, that there is a great misunderstanding as to
the uses of a custom-house. It is not a ware-
house. It is not a place in which to stow goods.
We have public, and also when they are full, pri-
vate warehouses. The Senate lately passed a
very proper bill for modifying our warehouse
system, providing for a more extensive use of pri-
vate warehouses. A custom-house is merely a
place in which to transact the business of the cus-
tom-house. It need not bear a much larger relation
to the business of the port than the counting-room
of a merchant does to his warehouse. At a port
where the collections do not amount to more than
fifty or a hundred thousand dollars a year, two or
three small rooms, which may be rented- for a
small sum per annum, are enough for the custom-
house. The object of these extravagant expendi-
tures upon custom-houses is to beautify the cities
in which they are placed by putting up handsome
public buildings. I undertake to say here now,
and I feel it my duty to say, as many of these ap-
propriations commenced at the time I had charge
of the appropriation bills, that it was the under-
standing on all hands, that the appropriations then
made were to be final and entire.
Mr. WASHBURN. I believe the gentleman
from Virginia has not quite consumed his five
minutes, and I desire to occupy what remains of
his time.
Mr. HOUSTON. Further debate is not in
order, and I object to it.
Mr. WASHBURN. Well, sir, we only ask
for $15,000 
[Cries of "Order!"]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman should have made it millions, and then it
would have been sure to pass.
Mr. WASHBURN. I call for tellers on my
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bocock, and
Harris of Alabama, were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 44, noes 81.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASKIE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the purchase of a site and the erection of a custom-
house in Richmond, Virginia, $75,000, in addition to the
former appropriation.
Mr. Chairman, this is a proposition which must
be decided according to its own pure merits, for it
is certainly not amenable to any one of the special
objections which have been urged against other
similar amendments submitted here to-day. It
stands on high ground, and is clear of all reproach.
There has been no besieging the Department in
this case; certainly none by me. The very first
communication between the Treasury Department
and myself on this subject was a letter addressed
me by the Secretary, suggesting the propriety of
asking from Congress an additional appropriation.
At our last session, $150,000—I tell the House the
amount plainly and at once—was virtually appro-
priated for the erection of a building to accommo-
date the custom-house, post office, and Federal
courts at the city of Richmond. At that time that
sum was believed amply sufficient. It has since
been discovered, however, by the Department,
that it will not suffice. The strictest propriety
has marked the management of the whole matter.
Not one dollar of the money appropriated has yet
been expended. This Congress stands perfectly
and entirely unfettered. The limitations and re-
strictions imposed by the law making the appro-
priation have been emphatically observed.
The Secretary of the Treasury, in his annual
| report, submitted to this House on the 20th of Jan-
uary, 1853, uses this language in reference to the
! custom-house at Richmond, and it is the only
custom-house of which he so speaks:
" A site has been selected for the building authorized at
Richmond, Virginia. So much of the appropriation, how-
ever, will be absorbed by its purchase, it has been deemed
advisable to delay, for the present, any steps towards the
erection of the building, with the view of requesting from
Congress an additional appropriation and the removal of
the restriction as to the amount of expenditure."
Now, I do not ask for the removal of the re-
striction imposed by the bill of Jast session, for I
think the principle of that restriction eminently
sound and valuable. But I do ask of this House—
particularly after the votes which have been given
to-day—that they will grant the farther sum which
is needed, and needed in part, as you see from the
report of the Secretary, in consequence of the cost
or the site. Now, how was that site, which I ad-
mit to be costly, chosen ? Commissioners wera
appointed for the purpose by the Secretary of the
Treasury—gentlemen who command the confi-
dence of the city of Richmond, as of all who
know them. They have most diligently discharged
their duties, and selected the site according to their
best judgment, and with the entire approval of the
Department. That site will cost much more than
it was supposed, when the appropriation was made,
would be required. I must hasten forward, for
my time is so short that I shall be able to say very
little of what I desire. In this state of the case,
the Secretary of the Treasury comes, and through
his report, submits to the House that the amount
appropriated is not sufficient for the end to be ac-
complished. We desire to abide strictly by the
law. I hold that to be a most wholesome policy
which requires that, before the Treasury Depart-
ment spends money appropriated for objects of
this sort, it shall ascertain, and ascertain beyond
question or doubt, that the expenditure will not
exceed "the appropriation.
Sir, I do claim that under the circumstances
here presented, the House shall not look upon the
fact that in our case the law has been strictly com-
plied with and obeyed, as a reason why we should
not have what others have obtained. Unless it
does, after its own decisions, there ean be no diffi-
culty. Here in this volume is the recommenda-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury. Since 1
received the letter from the Secretary, to which I
have already alluded, I have been to the Treasury
