69-2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
Department, and there conferred with the officers
having charge ofthe matter, and who are presumed
to understand their business, and I undertake to
declare that what my amendment asks meets with
the full approbation of that Department. We
have no bids for the works in detail yet; and why ?
[Here the hammer fell.] J
Mr. HUNTER. I am opposed to this amend-
ment, and 1 am opposed to it because of the great ,
confidence 1 repose in the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, who represents the Accomac district, [Mr.
Bayly.] He has told us, and no doubt truly, that
all that is necessary for a custom-house is " two
small rooms." [Laughter.] Now, he no doubt
understands the interests ofthe peopleof Virginia,
and what is needed in this case. We have already
appropriated enough money to make " two small
rooms" for the custom-house at Richmond, and
two other very comfortable-sized rooms besides.
1 think, therefore, that we should make no addi-
tional appropriation.
Mr. STANLY. I move to amend the amend-
ment, so as to make the amount of the appropria- '
tion §72,000, instead of $75,000.
I do no not know whether this estimate comes
from the Treasury Department, for I could not
hear very distinctly everything that was said by
the gentleman who represents the Richmond dis-
trict. But I think that before we vote an an I
amendment proposing to appropriate such a large
sum for the purchase of a site, we ought to have
some assurance that the State authorities of Vir-
ginia will consent to allow this money to be ex-
pended.
Mr. CASKIE. The consent has been given.
Mr. STANLY. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man. My time is too short. At the last session
of Congress, we made an appropriation for the
improvement of the James river and other rivers in
Virginia. I understand that a large portion of the
party in that State to which the gentleman belongs,
and, I believe, some of those who are politically
opposed to him, have raised the question of State-
Rights—so often started and discussed here when
there is nothing else to discuss—and by some (I
do not mean, of course, the inhabitants of Rich-
mond) who can discussnothing else. They raised
the question whether the General Government
had any authority to appropriate money to clear
out their rivers or not, and I am told that it was
seriously contemplated by very respectable resi-
dents of that State to remonstrate, and resist the
expenditure of that money within the borders of
the " Old Dominion." [Much laughter.] Now,
I hope that before we appropriate this money, we
shall have some assurance that the authorities of
Richmond, or the Legislature of the State of Vir-
ginia, will not resist the expenditure of this appro-
priation, or regard it as a violation of State-Rights
and an insolt on the part of the Federal Govern-
ment. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. CASKIE. I do not know whether the
fentleman will take my assurance, but if he will,
will give it, and I think he will find in the fact
that 1 go for this appropriation—if I may be per-
mitted to speak of myself—a pretty good assur-
ance that the State-Rights men of Virginia will not
object to it.
Mr. STANLY. I have no doubt that the gen-
tleman may be regarded as good an index of the
State-Rights feeling as any other gentleman in the
State, although indexes of the State-Rights feeling
are not by any means scarce in the " Old Domin-
ion." [Laughter.] I believe that both parties
stand up for the resolutions of '98 and '99; but
it does not follow as a matter of course that the
gentleman from Richmond will support this prop-
osition. Last year when the appropriation was
made for the James river, all the respectable Dem-
ocrats from Virginia—and I mean the whole dele-
gation, for they are all respectable—voted against
the river and harbor bill, although they got what
they wanted themselves. Now that is not exactly
fair. I hope, nevertheless, that this appropria-
tion will be made. I shall vote for it on the as-
surance which the gentleman from Virginia has
given me that the expenditure of this money will
not be resisted, that State-Rights will not be over-
thrown in the State of Virginia, and that the Gen-
eral Government will not be considered as forcing
the money upon her. [Laughter.] And 1 con-
gratulate the House and the country that the Old
Dominion is at last getting back to the old stand-
ard, where she ought always to have been.
Mr. CASKIE. As the gentleman has concluded
his remaiks, I ask him to allow me the balance of
his five minutes.
Mr. STANLY. Certainly. I yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. CASKIE. I am presenting here a serious
proposition, and 1 am not going to turn aside to
talk about "indexes to State-Rights," or any-
thing of that kind. I do not undertake to speak
for The Old Dominion. She will stand, I trust,
where she has always stood upon the State-Rights
question. But I am not now considering what
her course will be. She will take care of that.
My point is, that the proposition which 1 submit
to the House is right, and the question I ask the
House to decide is, whether it is right or wrong.
1 expect every gentleman to vote according to his
own sense of justice, and upon his own responsi-
bility. That is all I ask. I shall take great pleas-
ure, however, permit me to say, in answering
any inquiries that may be made. When the gen-
tleman from North Carolina first rose, 1 supposed
that he wished to know whether the Legislature of
Virginia had passed the act provided for in the
clause of the bill making the appropriation of last
year.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DUNCAN obtained the floor.
Mr. CASKIE. I claim five minutes to speak
in opposition to the amendment of the gentleman
from North Carolina.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to the gentleman
speaking upon both sides of the question.
Mr. DUNCAN. I believe I have the floor for
the purposeofspeaking in opposition to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Duncan] insists upon his
right to the floor, the Chair will be bound to award
it to him. The Chair supposed the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Caskie] would conclude what
he had to say in the time of the gentleman from
North Carolina, and when the hammer fell he
awarded the floor to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. DUNCAN. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. STANLY. Oh, 1 withdraw that.
Mr. DUNCAN. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina, and
also to the original amendment offered by the gen-
tleman frem Virginia, for the reason that it does
not come before us in the manner which should
entitle it to the sanction of the committee. With-
out determining the question whether the appro-
priation asked for is proper, or questioning the
accuracy of the statements of the gentleman from
Virginia, I protest against this mode of voting
large appropriations from the public Treasury,
up.m the mere motion of a member rising in his
place, and in the absence of recommendations and
estimates from the proper sources. I have been
unable to vote for any of these appropriations,
because they have been presented in this irregular
and improper manner, and have not received the
examination of any committee of the House.
If these appropriations were necessary, why
were they not submitted to the examination of a
committee? Where are the estimates necessary
to guide our action ?
Mr. CASKIE. Does the gentleman wish an
answer?
Mr. DUNCAN. I do not now—I cannot lose
my time.
Mr. Chairman, there can be no more danger-
ous mode of expending the public money than
that of voting appropriations upon the mere mo-
tion of a member, and without that previous ex-
amination necessary to guide the action of the
House. Where, I again ask, are the estimates
fortheseappropriations? Upon what reliable data
can we give our votes ? I am surprised when I
see gentlemen whoprofess to be watchful guard-
ians of the public Treasury voting for these large ]
appropriations one after another, on such insuffi-
cient evidence of their necessity. And while do-
ing this, we are turning a deaf ear to the public
creditors, and denying justice to the numerous
claimants who have just claims upon the Govern-
ment. We neither consider or act upon their ;
claims, but send them away, Congress after Con- |
gress, with disappointed and crushed hopes. Sir, [
it is the highest duty of the Government to be just
before it is generous. I agree with the gentleman j
from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] when he says
that we are building magnificent edifices in our
cities, the chief cost of which is for ornament
rather than utility, and which he deems an unne-
cessary and wasteful expenditure. And it is true,
as the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] has
remarked this morning, that large and costly
buildings are not required for the collection of the
revenue. Such expensive erections can be justi-
fied, if at all, only at a few of the great ports of
the country, and surely Congress ought to hes-
itate before appropriating the public money to
build costly edifices in minor ports where the
amount of revenue collected will scarce pay the
interest on their cost.
We should pause in making these hasty and
careless appropriations from the Treasury. Let
the several cases be examined; let us have esti-
mates of the sums necessary to complete these
custom-houses. Then we could know for what
we are called to vote, fn this case we have no in-
formation but the statement of the gentleman
from Virginia that he had a conversation with the
Secretary of the Treasury, and that the Secretary
told him that still further appropriations would be
needed to complete the building; but the gentle-
man has not presented to the committee any
written information from the Department. For
one I do not choose to give my vote fortheamend-
ment upon such an opinion of the Secretary, pre-
sented to the committee.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STANLY. With the consent of the com-
mittee I will withdraw my amendment.
There was no objection, and the amendment waa
withdrawn.
Mr, HENDRICKS. To enable the gentleman
from Virginia to reply, I move to add $1,000 to
the appropriation. I now yield the gentleman my
time.
Mr CASKIE. The House shall find that I
will not abuse the privilege given me by my friend
from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks.] Under the cir-
cumstances I shall feel it my duty to confine my-
self to a statement of some facts relative to my
amendment. I will not even make any reply to
any attempted argument which has been offered.
One fact to which I desire to call attention is,
that,as I understand,thejudgmentof the Commit-
tee on Ways and Means was not and could not be
had on this case. I was anxious to present it for
the consideration and decision of that committee.
So far from anything like shrinking from investi-
gation, I have courted it. But the committee re-
ported the civil and diplomatic bill, which we are
now considering, without anything from the De-
partment in reference to this Richmond building
before it, and some time sooner than the annual
report of the Secretary from which I have quoted
to-day was made to the House. Of the promptness
with which the committee acted in reporting the
bill, 1 certainly make no complaint. Its bearing,
however, on the necessity for the presentation of
the amendment I have had the honor to offer by
myself is obvious.
Further: just about the time, perhaps the very
day,this civil and diplomatic bill on which we are
now acting was reported to the House, I received
from the Secretary of the Treasury the letter to
which I alluded in my first remarks, inclosing a
letter addressed to him by the superintending ar-
chitect employed by the Treasury Department in
reference to this matter. That letter, which I re-
gret I have not now with me, fully sustains his
suggestion to me and my application to this
House.
Another fact to which I would call attention:
We have no estimates in detail for the building,
because we cannot yet under the law properly
have bids for it. The law providing for the pur-
chase of the site and the erection of the building,
in effect declares that nothing shall be begun until
it is ascertained that the appropriation is sufficient
to finish. The first thing ascertained after the se-
lection of the site is i£s insufficiency. Then the
right course was to stop short and make this ap-
plication to Congress, our true policy being that
the expenditures shall conform to the appropria-
tions, and not the appropriations to the expend-
itures.
Now, rather than say more myself, I shall pre-
fer to answer any question that any member
may desire to ask, for my object is to give all the
information I can.
