694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Goodenow, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, by
adding to it an appropriation of $16,000 for the
custom-house at Bangor, Maine. I would not
ask for this appropriation at this time, if 1 did not
believe that it was absolutely necessary. I do not
ask for it because it is towards the erection of a
custom-house in my district, but because I know
of my own knowledge that the appropriations
heretofore made will be nearly useless without it.
I do believe that if the gentleman understood the
matter, all opposition would be withdrawn.
The gentleman from New Hampshire stated
that there was no necessity for a custom-house at
Bangor, and he has stated the amount of duties
collected at that port for the last year. Whether
he is or is not correct in his statement, I am not
now prepared to say; but I do know that there is
a very large trade at Bangor, though not a very
large foreign commerce. There are not unfre-
quently two hundred vessels at the wharves of
that place, loading for the ports of the United
States and other countries, and they necessarily
have business with the custom-house, and there is
a very considerable commerce with the West In-
dies. 1 know that the exports of that city are
large—I think more than $3,000,000 annually.
There is not the necessity for a custom-house in
any of those ports of the West, for which appro-
priations have been voted to-day, that there is for
one in the city of Bangor. There are not so many
vessels loading and unloading, there is not so much
business transacted by the customs officers in any
of them as at that port; and it is more reasonable
to ask for f200,000 for that port than for Cincin-
natti.
In addition, Mr. Chairman, the building in pro-
cess of erection at Bangor for a custom-house, is
to contain rooms for the accommodation of the
post office in that city. The General Govern-
ment is now obliged to hire accommodations for
that office at a large rent. There is also provision
made that the district court of the United States
for the Maine district shall be held in this building.
Congress appropriated, two or three years ago,
$50,000 for a building, independent of the site.
There was a question as to what site should be
selected. One was selected on account of its cen-
tral location, at a less expense than was asked
for others, situated in the Kenduskeag river—the
selection of which, by the officers of the United
States, involved the necessity of the removal of an
old market-heuse from the center of the stream,
and the constructing of a foundation. It also in-
volved the necessity of building a bridge from the
custom-house, when erected, to the main street;
for when the custom-house is built, you cannot
get at it unless this appropriation be made. The
contracts for the building have been made, and
we have kept ourselves within the limits of the
original appropriation of $50,000. By the terms
of this appropriation, neither the site nor its prep-
aration were provided for by this sum. We now
simply ask for enough to prepare the foundation,
and provide a connection between the custom-
house and the principal and nearest street. In
no case which has been acted upon to-day have
the parties kept so nearly to the terms of the first
appropriations, and it would be more than strange
if for this reason, for there is no other, Bangor
is to be denied what she asks in this behalf.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. When I had the
honor of submitting some remarks just now about
these custom-houses, I stated that their use was
very much misunderstood; and the truth of that
remark could not be better illustrated than by the
remarks of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Wash-
burn.] He comes from the district in which this
custom-house is situated,and to show the necessity
for the expenditureof $80,000 for erecting the build-
ing, he informs us that there are some two hun-
dred coasting vessels belonging to the port. Now,
how often does a coasting-vessel have any busi-
ness with a custom-house ? Their business is to
go once a year to the custom-house to get a license,
which the clerk will make out in two minutes. The
officers have printed forms which they fill up; and
even if the licenses of the two hundred vessels ex-
pired in one day, I would say that a clerk woyld
be able to fill them all up within twenty-four hours.
And that is everything on the face of the earth that
I a coasting vessel has to do with the custom-house
from one year's end to the other. In such cities
as Boston, New York, and Philadelphia, where it
is necessary to have a great many officers connect-
ed with the foreign trade, we must have suitable
rooms for the transaction of thecustom-house busi-
ness; but at these ports, where there is but little
foreign trade, these large expenditures are not re-
quired.
On the eastern shore, where there is a vast
deal of coasting, but no foreign trade, the collector |
is not probably called on, on an average, once a
week to transact official business. Where there
is a foreign trade a commodious building is re-
quired. But take Philadelphia, for instance. The
custom-house at that city is the old Untted States
bank, for which we gave $175,000. For the sec-
ond city in the Union we appropriated for a cus- j
: tom-house only $175,000. The gentleman is now ,
here asking for an appropriation for a custom-
house in Bangor of nearly one half the amount we
appropriated for a custom-house in Philadelphia.
And the custom-house at Philadelphia, which was
occupied until we bought a few years ago the
house of the Bank of the United States, was not
\ worth $20,000.
i The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Washburn to the amendment, and it was
j, disagreed to. j
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Caskie, and it was disagreed to.
j Mr. HART. I move that the committee do
, now rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. I trust that the gentleman
will withdraw his motion until we have passed the
custom-house appropriations.
Mr. HART. I would willingly withdraw the
motion, but there are a number of gentlemen
around me who have similar amendments to the
one under consideration, which they intend sub-
mitting.
The question was then taken, and it was decided j
in the affirmative. •
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak- ;
er having resumed the chair, the chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole had had under
consideration House bill No. 337, making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1854, and that they had come to no conclu-
sion thereon. j
Mr. BAYLY. There is an Executive commu- '
nication on your table, Mr. Speaker, in respect to i
the condition of our affairs in Central America, <
which the Secretary of State informs me should
be laid before Congress. 1 ask th^t it mav be pre- [
sented by the unanimous consent of the tlouse.
There was no objection, and the Speaker laid
before the House the following message: . i
To the Senate and House of Representatives: I
I transmit a report from the Secretary of State, embody- j
ing the substance of recent communications made by the j
Minister of her Britannic Majesty to the Deportment of [
State on the subject of the ii lie roc fame canal by the Nicar-
agua route, which formed the chief object of the treaty be-
tween the United States and Great Britain, of 13th April,
1850; and the relations of Great Britain to the protectorate
of Mosquito, which she wxpresses herself desirous of relin-
quishing on terms consistent with her honorable engage-
ments to the Indians of that name.
I n consequence of these communications, and other con-
siderations stated in the report, it is deemed advisable by
the Department that our diplomatic relations with the States
of Central America should be placed on a higher and more
efficient footing ; and this measure meets my approbation. 1
The whole subject is one of so much delicacy and import- |
ance, that X should have preferred, so near the close of my
administration, not to make it the subject of an Executive
communication. But inasmuch as the measure proposed ;
cannot, even if deemed expedient by my successor, take i
effect for near a twelvemonth, unless an appropriation is
made by this Congress, I have thought it my duty tn submit !
the report of the Department to the two Houses. The ltn- [
portance of the measure seemed to require an exposition
somewhat in detail of the grounds on which it is recom-
mended. MILLARD FILLMORE.
Washington, February 18, 1853.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the communication
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
I and that it be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House, a
communication from the Clerk of the House,
showing the cost and number of the books fur-
[ nished to members, and whence obtained; which :
j was, on motion by Mr. Dean, ordered to be re- ,
ferred to the Committee on Ways and Means, and
printed. \
I Mr. HOUSTON. In the present state of the j
business, I wish to bring to the consideration of
the House whether it would not be better to have
an evening session ? I wish to say to the House,
if they will but reflect upon what we have yet to
do, and the little time left in which to do it, they
must see the necessity there is for disposing of the
business.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to say a word? There are
many matters to come up which will require atten-
tion, and consume much time; and as I am anx-
ious to get through with this bill and send it to>
the Senate, I therefore will support most cordially
his proposition.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the House will
agree to suspend the five-minutes rule upon this
debate, we can get through with this bill very
soon.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the House adjourn.
The question was then taken, and it was'de-
cided in the affirmative.
So the House adjourned till to-morrow at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 19, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, embodying the substance of recent commu-
nications made by the British Minister to the De-
partment of Slate on the subject of the interoceanic
canal by the Nicaragua route, which formed the
chief object of the treaty between the United States
and Great Britain of 19th April, 1850, and the
relations of Great Britain to the protectorate of
Mosquito, which she expresses herself desirous
of relinquishing on terms consistent with her hon-
orable engagements to the Indians of that name;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. HUNTER presented a petition of the cor-
porate authorities of Georgetown, praying an ap-
propriation for the reconstruction of the bridge at
the Little Falls of the Potomac; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. FISH presented a memorial of citizens of
Buffalo, New York, praying an appropriation of
land for the construction of a ship canal around
the Falls of Niagara; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Also, a petition of citizens of Albany, New
York, praying that measures may be taken to se-
cure religious liberty to American citizens abroad;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Also, a petition of survivors and heirs of per-
sons who served in the last war with Great Bri-
tain, now residing in King's county, New York,
praying a modification of the bounty land law;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of citizens
of Wayne county, New York, praying an appro-
priation of land for the construction of a ship canal
around the Falls of Niagara; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, two petitions of citizens of New York and
Brooklyn, praying that a contract may be entered
into with Christian Hansen for the transportation
of the mails between Brooklyn and Gluckstadt, and
between Kiel and St. Petersburgh; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Also, a petition of survivors and heirs of per-
sons who served in the last war with Great Bri-
tain, now residing in Albany, New York, praying
a modification of the bounty land law; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of Josh-
ua R. Sands, of the Navy, praying to be allowed
compensation for expenses of entertaining the au-
thorities of Southampton, in England, while in
command of the frigate St. Lawrence; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Florida,
in favor of the establishment of a tri-weekly mail
between Appalachicola, Florida, and Bainbridge,
Georgia; which was referred to the Committee on
