1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
699
the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Florida,
in favor of the establishment of a mail route across
the Isthmus of Tehuantepec to the States bordering
on the Pacific; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Poet Office and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
Aim, a resolution of the Legislature of Florida,
in favor of an appropriation for the removal of ob-
structions to the navigation of Yellow river; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MILLER presented a petition of citizens
of Bloomfield, New Jersey, praying that meas-
ures may be taken to secure religious liberty to
American citizens abroad; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That Helen Mackay, widow of Lieutenant Col-
oeei Mackay, have leave to withdraw her petition and
papers.
On motion by Mr. FISH, it was
Ordered, That Mary W. Ketch am. widow of Thomas
Ketchuro, deceased, have leave to withdraw her petition
and papers.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the Mveral
petitions and documents presented at the first session Thir j
tielh Congress, relating to tl.e removal of the port of entry :
fton Plattsburg to Rouse's Point.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES, j
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1854, reported it with amend-
ments, and gave notice that he should call it up on
Monday morning.
Mr. WALKER, from the Select Committee to
which were referred the several memorials and doc-
uments relating to the subject of the discovery of
the application of ether as an anaesthetic agent in
surgical operations, submitted a report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affaire, to which was referred the petition of Rob-
ert Joyner, praying compensation for certain arti-
cles under his charge, stolen from the Pensacola
navy-yard, submitted a report, accompanied by
4 bill for his relief; which was read, and passed to
^ second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
EMPLOYEES OF THE CAPITOL.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Retolvedt That the Committee on Retrenchment be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of so regulating the
emoluments of persons employed by the 8enate, as to pro-
vide such a regular compensation for them as may be suffi-
cient, without the extra allowances which it has been usual
to give them.
SUPPLY OF WATER TO WASHINGTON.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Retched, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate the report of Lieutenant Meigs, of the
Engineer Corps, of the surveys, projects, and estimates for
supplying the cities of Washington and Georgetown with
an unfailing ajid abundant supply of water.
INDIAN INCURSIONS ON MEXICO.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted by Mr. HALE on the 14th instant,
and it was agreed to, as follows:
" Retotved, That the President of the United States be
requested to inform the Senate if any complaints have been
made by the Mexican Government to this Government of a
violation of the provisions of the eleventh article of the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, or of any neglect on the part
of this Government to perform the stipulations of that article
of the treaty relative to the suppression of savage incursions
into the territory of Mexico from the territory of the United
States."
BETSEY NORTON.
Mr. W ALKER. I appeal to the Senate to take
up this morning a bill for the relief of Betsey Nor-
ton. She U the widow of a revolutionary soldier;
she is blind upd poor, and upwards of ninety
years of age. I hope the bill will be taken up.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded, ** i^ jpoiumittee of the Whole, to consider
' ths bill. It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Interior to place upon the list of revolutionary
pensioners the name of Betsey Norton, widow of
Freeman Norton, and to pay her during her widow-
hood the sum of eight dollars per month, com-
mencing on January 1,1853.
Mr. BORLAND. I move to strike out the.
words "during her widowhood." If she is an
old woman, over ninety years of age, I do not think
there is any necessity for the provision.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
RAILROAD TO THE POINT OF ROCKS.
Mr. PRATT. There was under consideration
a few days ago a bill giving the right of way for
a railroad in the District of Columbia, which was
objected to in some particulars. An amendment
has been drawn up so as to meet with the concur-
rence of those who opposed the bill. I would ask
the indulgence of the Senate to take up the bill,
and pass it at this time. It can lead to no discus-
sion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill, the question being on the following amend-
ment offered by Mr. Bright, when it was last
before the Senate:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert:
"liiat, whenever the State of Maryland shall, by law, [
Incorporate a company to lay out and construct a railroad
from any point, in connection with the Baltimore and Ohio
> railroad, at or near the Point of Rocks, to Georgetown, in
I the District of Columbia, the right of way, not exceeding
Bixty six feet wide, be, and is hereby, granted to such com-
pany : Provided, That before any such road, depots, and
its necessary fixtures shall be located in Georgetown, the
assent of said city shall first be obtained."
Mr. PRATT. In order to obviate the objec-
tions formerly made to the bill, I move to amend
the amendment by adding to it the following:
Jlnd provided also, That the same provisions for the con-
demnation of, and pay mailt for, land or other private prop-
erty, for the use of the said railroad as may be made by any
act for the incorporation of such company, by the State of
Maryland, shall be, and hereby are, extended to the con-
demnation of, and payment for, land or other private prop-
erty for the use of the said road within the District of Co-
lumbia.
The amendment to the amendment was adopted,
and the amendment as amended was agreed to.
i The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, and the
1 bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
1 ing, read a third time, and passed.
I DAVID MYERLE.
j Mr. BADGER. I throw myself upon the in-
| dulgence of the Senate to ask them to take up for
' consideration the bill for the relief of David My-
erle.
! Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to state that
whenever that bill comes up, I have a great many
facts to lay before the Senate to show that it has
not a particle of foundation in justice to rest upon.
Mr. BADGER. If my friend from Kentucky
is resolved to defeat the bill by consuming time;
of course I cannot help it; but I would suggest to
him that this is a bill whieh has, at previous ses-
sions, passed both Houses, but it has never passed
I both Houses at the same session, and therefore, it
: never became a law.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the bill be taken up,
I will not defeat it in such a way. If the facts do
j not defeat it, I will let it go. But I desire to be
' heard.
Mr. BADGER. There is no resisting an ap-
peal of that kind from a Senator who has a bun-
dle of papers in his hand that it would take a fort-
night to read. Therefore I shall not insist on the
motion this morning to the prejudice of the Pacific
railroad bill.
LOUISIANA OVERFLOWED LANDS.
Mr. DOWNS. Mr. President, I gave notice
several days ago, that I should ask the Senate to-
day, during the morning hour, to take up the bill
making a grant of public lands to the State of Lou-
isiana to aid her in reclaiming the overflowed lands
therein. It is a bill which was made an order of
the day a long time ago. When I gave notice that
I should call it up this morning, I supposed that
the Pacific railroad bill would be disposed of by
this time; but as it has not been disposed of, and
its friend* are anxious to proceed with it to-day,
I shall not make the motion that I intended to
make; but I wish to say that on Monday I hope
the Senate will indulge me in taking up that bill.
FRAUDS ON THE TREASURY.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that it insisted on its disagreement to
the first and fourth amendments of the Senate to
the bill of the House to psevent frauds upon the
Treasury of the United States; that it had agreed
to the conference asked for by the Senate on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and had ap-
pointed Mr. Preston King, ofNew York, Mr. An-
drew Johnson, of Tennessee, and Mr. Charles
Chapman, of Connecticut, the Committee of Con-
ference on its part.
Mr. BADGER subsequently, from the Com-
mittee of Conference, made the following report:
The managers of the conference on the part of the two
Houses of Congress on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill entitled "An act to prevent frauds on the
Treasury of the United States," having met, after full and
free conference, have agreed to recommend and do recom-
mend to their respective Houses as follows :
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
amendment of the Senate to the second section, and agree
to insert, after the word " claims," in the sixth line of the
second page, these words: "or shall receive any gratuity,
or any share of, or interest in, any claim from any claim-
ant against the United States with intent to aid, or assist,
or in consideration of having aided or assisted in the prose-
cution of such claim."
i That the House also recede from their disagreement to
I the amendment proposed by the Senate to the third section
j of the bill, and agree to the said sectton.with the following
amendment, to wit: insert at the end of line fourteen, page
three, the words : " or shall receive any gratuity, or aHy
share of, or interest in, any claim from any claimant against
the United States with intent to aid, or assist, or in consid-
eration of having aided or assisted in the prosecution of such
claim."
And that the bill be further amended by striking out of the
seventh section these words at the end thereof:'' and every
offense against the provisions of this act shall be a inisde -
meanor."
The report was agreed to.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
On the motion of Mr. RUSK, the Senate, as iij
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill " for the protection of the emigrant
route, and a telegraphic line, and for an overland
mail between the Missouri river and the settle-
ments in California and Oregon;" the pending
question being on the amendment of Mr. Weller,
to strike out of the substitute reported by the Select
Committee, the thirteenth section as amended:
" Sec. 13. Ami be it further enacted, Xhat, for the pur-
poses of this act, the contractors, their associate" and suc-
cessors, are hereby created and constituted a body-politic
and corporate by the name of 'The Pacific Railroad and
Telegraph Company,' by which name they may sue and be
sued, plead and be impleaded, and have and enjoy all prop-
er remedies at law and in equity, may organize and elect
such officers as tliey may deem necessary, and have and
use a common seal; they may also open books sad issue
certificates of stock, and perform all other acts necessary
to carry into effect the provisions herein contained : Pro-
vided, however, That the provisions of this act shall have
no force nor effect whatever within the limits of any State
without the consent of the Legislature of said State previ-
ously had and obtained : Provided, That nothing in this
section contained shall be construed to grant to the corpo-
ration hereby created, any banking powers or privileges:
Jlnd provided further, That said corporation may be here-
after regulated and restricted by any act which may be
passed by Congress at any time hereafter."
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, when the Sen-
ate adjourned yesterday, I was stating my objec-
tions to certain provisions of this bill principally
embodied in the thirteenth section, which it is now
proposed, by the motion pending, to strike out. I
wish to present one consideration further in refer-
ence to the objection which I then made, that the
bill proposes to construct a railroad within the
limits of a State; and I would not detain the Sen-
ate for a moment at this late period of the session,
when so much business of great importance is
pressing for consideration, were it not that I deem
this precedent one of a very dangerous character.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator allow me
to suggest that I understand the Select Committee
have agreed to an amendment which obviates that
objection ? If so, perhaps it would be well for the
Senator to allow that amendment to be offered and
adopted, and then he could see whether or not his
objections existed.
Mr. TOUCEY. I understand that the Senator
from Illinois is mistaken in that respect. The ob-
jection which I am now considering is a feature
of this bill which I regard as unMnsUtutiona]-*
proposition by tbe power of th® GfcHerflJ Gr H
