1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
697
with regard to resuming the grant and carrying on
the road which I have already indicated. So that \
in the first place, Congress would be forced to in-
demnify the contractors; and in the next place,
would be under the necessity of abandoning the
road.
But let us look a little further. At the end of
thirty, or forty, or fifty years, what would be the
condition of this country? With a population
verging to a hundred millions, with a line of States
across the continent embracing the very locality of
this road, what would be your condition? You
could not avoid receiving those States into the
Union; they must come in unconditionally, or at
least with but one condition, that of a republican
form of government. No terms can be dictated to
a State upon its admission into the Union. I
know there was an attempt once made to dictate
terms to introduce a State upon afooting of inequal-
ity, and to deprive it of its sovereign powers, and the
attempt shook this Union to its center, and I trust
that a similar one will never be made. Then, I
ask, what will be the condition of this country,
with a dense population, with a line of States
across the continent, with this colossal corpora-
tion, with its hundreds of millions, with this im-
mense commercial business, vast beyond any
present conception ? The contest is now going
on, and it will soon terminate in the triumph of
this country in taking into its hands thecommerce
of the world; and the time is near at hand when
the United States will be the leading commercial
Power; when the commerce of Asia, of Europe, I
and of America will pass across and through this j
continent, and this will be one of the great chan- i
nels of that commerce. Now, are we not to look 1
into futurity ? Are we not to look at what will
be the condition of the next generation of men
■who are to come upon the stage at the end of
thirty, or forty, or fifty years? Sir, I tell you
that the States which will exist in the vicinity of
this road, which will embrace the line of the road,
will make war upon it. They will not consent to
have this colossal corporation overriding them in
the hands of the money power of this country,
transporting for"their own profit the great com-
merce that will find its way through that channel
to and from the different continents of the world.
The States will make war upon this aorporation.
It will be a war whether the corporation can exist.
It will be a war whether you can exercise the
power that you have reserved in this bill of reg-
ulating mechandise and passengers in crossing this
road. It will be a war whether this act of Con-
cress can override the sovereignty of those States.
H will be a war with this Government; ay, sir,
with its own Government, whether the men now
upon the stage of action, by assenting to the ex-
ercise of a jurisdiction of thiskind, can debar the
generation that will then be conducting the affairs
of the country from exerting the usual legislative ;
powers of their Government for the management of
their own internal affairs. '
Sir, I see difficulties on every side, insurmount-
able difficulties; and in entering into a great, mag-
nificent work of this kind, is it to be hurried
through in a rash and reckless manner, and in the
last moments of an expiring Congress, when it is
admitted that the bill is defective—when you are
obliged to amend it after it has come from the
committee in one of the most essential points? Is
it important that we should advance with such
rapidity that we are not to regard not only the in-
terests of the present, but the interests of the fu-
ture? Sir, I am an advocate for this road, but I
cannot abandon the exercise of my own judgment,
or forbear to look into the future to see what will
be the condition of those who are to come after us.
I am not willing to rush into the measure, and to
present to the Chief Executive Magistrate, who is
to take his seat, the question how far it is his duty
to execute an unconstitutional law. You cannot
enter into a contract until a survey has been made.
The provisions of this bill cannot be complied with
until asurvey has been made. The corporation does i
not come into existence until after contracts have
been entered into, and the contractors have become
identified. Then the contractors will assume the j
form of a corporation. When can that be done?
Between this and the next session of Congress?
Does any one suppose that the route can be so sur-
veyed that the President of the United States, if
he should regard the bill as valid, could enter into
a contract? Are we unwilling to trust the repre-
i sentatives of the States and of the people, who are
to come here in a few days, with the exercise of
the powers of this Government, or must we press
forward now?
Sir, if this bill should be so modified as to ex-
clude the principle of constructing a road within
the limits of a State, and the odious feature of cre-
ating a monstrous corporation, worse than any
bank of the United States, worse than any fiscality
that was ever proposed in the District of Colum-
bia, I should be unwilling to cast my vote against
the bill. Nothing but a constitutional objection,
nothing but setting a dangerous precedent, would
induce me to go against a measure of this kind. I
stand ready to exert the constitutional powers of
this Government to carry out, in a safe and proper
manner, the great object in view.
Mr. President, I intend to say but a word with
regard to one other consideration which has been
suggested, the transfer of legislative power to the
Executive. There are no termini of this road
fixed in this bill unless you call the Pacific ocean
a terminus, and unless you call the Mississippi
river, from one end of it to the other, a terminus.
There is no intermediate route described by the
bill; it is simply a transfer from Congress—be-
cause we ourselves cannot agree upon proper legis-
lation—to the Executive of the United States of
power to say from what point on the Pacific coast
to what point on the Mississippi river this great
railroad and telegraph line shall be established,
and referring it to his discretion. I do not like
that feature in the bill; but if, as I trust, the two
objections which I have made—the one to the
construction of the road within the States by the
authority of Congress at the expense of this Gov-
ernment, and the other the creation of a great cor-
poration to do what this Government cannot do,
construct a road, and enter into a business upon it
with which thi§ Government has no concern,
equivalent to incorporating a company to carry on
a commercial business, or equivalent to opening a
railroad with the assent of the States frotr. Boston
to New Orleans—if these features of the bill shall
be expunged, it will be necessary for the Senate to
reexamine the whole measure, and to put it in a
new form which may obviate every objection.
But, sir, I have detained the Senate longer than 1
intended.
Mr. GEYER. I presume the section is sus-
ceptible of amendment before the vote is taken on
striking it out. I move, therefore, to insert after
the word " corporate," where it first occurs in the
section, the words " within the Territories of the
United States," so that it shall read: "this com-
pany shall be constituted a body-politic and cor-
porate within theTerritoriesofthe united States,"
and to add between the words " and," and " per-
form," "within the Territories aforesaid," so
that it shall read:
" They may also open books, and Issue certificates of
stock, and within the Territories aforesaid, perform all other
acts necessary to carry into effect the provisions herein
contained."
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to make a few re-
marks in reply to the Senator from Connecticut,
without following him through his argument. He
first states that it is proposed to create a mammoth
corporation, more odious than the Bank of the
United States, with power to emit bills of credit,
draw bills of exchange, from the Mississippi river
to the Pacific ocean, within the limits of the States
of this Union. He repeats half a dozen times
that there is no other terminus to this road but the
Mississippi river and the Pacific ocean. It was
necessary to repeat that statement in order to
found his argument upon it. It was necessary for
him to make it out that the road was to start from
the Mississippi river in order to show that it start-
ed within a State of the Union; for if he did not
prove that it started within a State, his argument
fell to the ground. But while it was necessary for
his argument to assume that it did start at the
Mississippi river, the bill itself, in so many words,
expressly contradicts, denies, and refutes the state-
ment. According to the bill it does not necessa-
rily commence at a point on the Mississippi river
at all. According to the bill it does not necessa-
rily begin or run within any State of the Union.
According to the bill it is not necessary that one
inch of the road should be in a State of the Union.
According to the bill, therefore, it does not erect
any such unconstitutional corporation, even ac-
cording to his own principles, as he has erected in
his speech for the purpose of operating against the
bijj in the country. What is the provision of the
" It shall be the duty of the President of the United
States to cause to be constructed, so soon as it may be prac-
ticable alter the passage of this act, a railroad and tele-
graphic line connecting the valley of the Ml-u-issippi with
the Pacific ocean, at such points as he mav designate, and
upon tlie terms and conditions.hereinafter prescribed.''
The points are to be selected by the President,
and the two points are to be one in the Mississippi
valley, and the other on the Pacific coast. Can-
not those two points be selected without ever en-
tering the limits of any State of the Union ? May
you not start at a point in the Mississippi valley,
on the western border of Missouri, Iowa, or Ar-
kansas, and run to a point on the Pacific ocean, in
the Territory of Oregon, without entering the
limits of any State of the Union ? It is consistent
with the bill that such should be the case, and if
the Senator admits that it would be unconstitu-
tional to enter the limits of a State, does he not, as
a lawyer, know well that he has no right to put a
construction upon the bill which would make it
unconstitutional, whereas a different construction
equally consistent with its terms, may be put upon
it, which would render it constitutional?
Again, he objects to the bill, because he is un-
willing to make it the duty of the incoming Presi-
dent of the United States, in the beginning of his
administration, to execute an unconstitutional act.
Sir, under the terms of the bill, the railroad to be
constructed can never enter the limits of a State,
unless General Pierce shall say so.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator yield me the
floor a moment ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would rather not be inter-
rupted on this point. The road can never enter
the limits of a State of the Union, unless General
Pierce shall say so; because General Pierce is to
select the terminus in the Mississippi valley, and
he may select it outside of a State; he is to select
the terminus on the Pacific ocean, and he may
select it outside of a State. He is also to select
the pass through the mountains;and he may select
the South Pass, or either one of several other
passes, which does not touch a State. He is also
to indicate the general points in the line, and the
residue are to be selected, subject to his approval.
Hence, sir, if under the bill one dollar is expended,
or one acre selected, or one mile of the road made
within the limits of a State, it must be done so by
the free discretion of General Pierce, and not by
the necessary terms of the bill. That heing the
case, how does it become a Democratic Senator to
say that he is unwilling to pass the act to create a
mammoth corporation within the limits of a State,
when it makes it necessary that the President
should violate the Constitution, or come in con-
flict with Congress at the very outset of his ad-
ministration ? If he has confidence in the fidelity
of General Pierce to Democratic principles and
the Constitution, if" he has faith that General
Pierce would regard such an act as unconstitu-
tional within the limits of a State, he has no right
to assume that he will locate the road within the
limits of a State. The assumption is a declaration
of a total want of confidence tn the President elect.
The assumption is a declaration that he will not
trust the fidelity of General Pierce's principles in
respect to the Constitution. The assumption, sir,
is one which 1, as a Democrat, am not willing to
entertain, much less to sanction. I have faith that
General Pierce would give such an exposition
to, and such an execution of the act, as would be
consistent with the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. President, I know that the remarks which
have been made on this occasion are not intended
for the Senate as much as for the country. I am
sorry at this stage of the session to be compelled
to reply to them; but I do not intend to allow
them to go to the country to put others in a false
position, without showing that they are not only
unwarranted by the terms of the bill, but in direct
defiance of its provisions. v
The Senator has assumed that this is to be a
more odious corporation than the Bank of the
United States. Why so? Because, he says, it
has power to draw drafts and bills of exchange,
and make them negotiable from every part of the
Pacific ocean to the Atlantic States. In what
section of the bill does he find that power conferred?
Will the Senator inform me ? 1 have read the bill,
and find no such provision in it. If there is one,
