698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
I would b« glad to be informed where it is. I
know of no right, in this bill conferred, to exer-
cisf oankiiie pnvileges, 110 right to emit bills that
are ne'olianle as a circulating: medium, no right
to do any one act except that which shall be ne-
cessary io carry into effect the provisions of the
law of Congress.
1 do not intend to go into a defense of the pro-
visions of the bill in its details. I remarked at the
opening of the debate upon the question, that the
bill was not in all respects in accordance with my
wishes. I remarked, also, that I might desire to
oiler some amendments to it. It has been my in-
tention, if others do not avoid my objections, to
otter those amendments; and, sir, the Senator
from Connecticut cannot be unaware that they
uiusi, by necessary implication, exclude the
construction of the railroad by this Government
within the limits of States. I say he must, be-
cause he has heard me, upon this very floor,
making the very point that Congress has no
power to make internal improvements within the
limits of a State. He has not forgotten, for I re-
member well what he said, when 1 was compelled
List session to object to the project of my friend
fr^m Michigan [Mr. Cass] to make a canal within
the State of Michigan as violative of that doctrine.
Therefore my opinions are well known, and I
deny his riglitto put a construction upon this bill,
against its terms, which would put its advocates
in a false position in reference to their own ex-
pressed and avowed opinions.
lam aware th^t there is a clause in the bill which
couteuiplates the possibility of the road running
into a State at some point. For instance, if Gen-
eral Pierce should make the terminus in the Mis-
sissippi valley, down near the Red river,and then
should select a pass in the mountains in New
Mexico, it might be necessary for the road to run
across a barren waste in a corner of Texas—not
such a barren waste as my friend from Georgia
[Mr. Dawsox] talks about, but a small one, in
one corner of Texas. If it becomes necessary, in
the location of that line, to run across that corner
of Texas, the provision is that the road may be
thus located, provided that the State of Texas
should consent. In other words, it provides with
reference to that, precisely what the charter of the
New York and Erie railroad did with reference
to that road. They found that they could not get
along with the road well without running for a
few miles within the State of Pennsylvania; and
hence the New York Legislature provided that the
road miaht go into Pennsylvania in the event that
the Legislature of Pennsylvania should consent
to it. Did that provision in New York legisla-
tion imply the right, or assert the power to create
railroads in Pennsylvania? Certainly not;it only
provided that in the event that Pennsylvania should
deem it necessary that the road should be aontin-
ued, they might pass it through theState of Penn-
sylvania, so far as the Legislature of Pennsylvania
. deemed it proper and wise. It is also true that if
the President of the United States should choose
to locate the western terminus of the road at the
Bay of San Francisco, in California, then the road
must run into California. If, on the contrary, he
should choose to select the mouth of the Colum-
bia river or Puget's Sound, as the western termi-
nus, the road will never touch California. The
bill has provided that in the event General Pierce
shall compel the road to run into California, it still
shall not be done unless California consents to it.
If, on the contrary, General Pierce shall select a
point in Oregon, and not in California, for the west-
ern terminus, and a point on the western border of
Missouri or Iowa, and not on the Mississippi river,
for the eastern terminus, the road will never touch
a State in the Union, and no one of the terrible
consequences predicted and set forth by the Sena-
tor from Connecticut will exist.
Now, with this view as to the provisions of the
bill, and with the purpose avowed in the Senate
here of modifying it, that there should not be any
possibility of entering a State of the Union, but be
confined to the Territories, 1 took the liberty, in a
kind suggestion, as I supposed, to intimate to the
Senator that he had perhaps better wait and see
whether these verbal amendments would obviate all J
his objections. If he had waited until the amend- I
ments were made, I presume that there would not (
have been one line or one word in the whole bill j
upon which any of his terrible denunciations about!
the abandonment of Democratic principles, and th« t
violation of the Constitution, would have been
predicated.
My amendment would have spoiled his speech;
and because it would have indicted so great in jury
upon him and his constituents and the country,
1 do not blame hun for not having taken my ad-
vice; but I am unwilling that the publication of
that speech, attributing to those who have thus far
supported the bill the monstrous outrages set forth
in the speech, shall go to the country without
showing that the speech itself was contradicted by
the bill against which it was made.
Mr. I'OUCEY. Mr. President, I am very
sorry that the distinguised Senator from Illinois
should suppose that 1 have placed him in a false
position with regard to this bill. There is no
person in the country whom I should be less will-
ing to place in a false position than that distin-
guished Senator himself. And when he avowed a
readiness and a determination to go for expunging
from the bill the very grounds to which I took
objection, I thought he was not in a position to
fall within the range of my remarks. But, sir,
when the bill itself, upon its face, provides for this
road passing through the limits of a State, and
when the committee that reported it insist upon
this provision, am I to take it for granted that that
is not the meaning and object of the bill ? 1 know
it to be the meaning and object of the committee
who presented this bill to this body. Why, sir,
in the very first section, there is a provision " that
' before the said road shall be located orconstructed
' through any State, the consent of the Legislature
' thereof to the provisions contained in this act
'shall be first had and obtained."
Does not the bill there contemplate and provide
for the passage of this road through a State?
Again, in the third section, we have this language:
u That for the purpose of aiding in the construction of the
said railroad and line of telegraph, there shall be, and are
hereby, appropriated and set apart alternate sections of the
public lands, designated by odd nuinber-j, for six miles on
each side of the said road, where the same shall be con-
structed through any State or ritates."
Does the honorable Senator from Illinois mean
to say that that provision is not in this bill, and
does not contemplate that if the bill passes, the
road is to pass through States, with the assent of
the States?
Well, again in the thirteenth section we find this
provision:
" Provided, however, That the provisions of this act shall
have no force nor elfect whatever within the limits of any
State, without the consent of the Legislature of said State
previously had and obtained."
Does not that proviso contemplate the same
thing? And does not every Senator know that
the plans for this road which have been presented
to us, carry the road through the State of Califor-
nia, and through States to the Mississippi river to
Memphis, on that river' Again, the Senator says
there is nothing in the bill that carries the road to
the Mississippi river. Why, sir, the first section
of the bill provides—
" That it shall be the duty of the President of the United
States to cause to be constructed, so soon as it may be prac-
ticable after the passage of this act. arailroad and telegraph
line connecting the valley of the Mississippi with the Pa-
cific ocean at such points as he may designate, and upon
the terms and conditions hereinafter prescribed."
Now, how do you connect it with the valley of
the Mississippi river, unless you get into that
valley, and connect it with the Mississippi river
itself, which forms the great connecting link with
that valley ? But the principle is the same, whether
it goes through one State or another. So that, as
I said, if the Senator from Illinois and those act-
ing with him will consent to expunge that provision
from the bill, the objection will be obviated.
Again: the Senator asks where there is a pro-
vision in this bill by which this railroad company
can give a promissory note, or draw an order, or
bill of exchange? Sir, apy corporate body has
•that power, any corporate body can draw a prom-
issory note for a debt due, or for work done, or
for money that may have been advanced to the
corporation. Any corporation can draw an or-
der or bill of exchange, and the only protection
against its becoming a currency is the power of
Congress to prohibit its being issued as currency.
That power, within the limit of a State, I am not
prepared to admit.
I am very sorry, sir, that the honorable Senator
from Illinois should have intimated that I had ad-
dressed my remarks to the Senate for the purpose
of th« public at home merely. It is not my habit
to do so. I have never, since I have been a mem-
ber of this body, done what the honorable Sena-
tor himself 1ms very often and very properly
done—published a speech. I have not had it in
my mind to do what is often done here—and by
no one more frequently than the honorable Sena-
tor himself—prepared one's own remarks and
speeches, delivered in this body, to go to the
country. I have thought of doing no such thing.
Had I thought of such a thing I should certainly
have been justified by high precedent. But I
think 1 am entitled to take it as a little unkind
that any such intimation should come from that
quarter.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator's remarks seem
to be made in a kind spirit, and I withdraw the
remark to which he alludes, with great cheerful-
ness.
Mr. TOUCEY. I say what I have said, Mr.
President, having no other feeling than that of
kindness towards every member of this body. But
niy object in addressing the Senate on this occa-
sion, was to show that in the bill as it stands, and
as 1 suppose the committee design to have it re-
main, 1 see a manifest violation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. And I had reason to
hope that the honorable Senator from Illinois him-
self concurred in the view that I have taken, and
would cooperate with me in endeavoring to trans-
form the bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President 
Mr. RUSK. Will the Senator just allow me
ten minutes? I do not wish to make a speech—I
simply wish to read something.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have just yielded to
the Senator from Connecticut, and he has taken
double that time.
Mr. President, I thought I would sit here and
give a silent vote on this bill. I have listened to
speech after speech, and I have heard many things
which myjudgment condemns, and which I think
are susceptible of a positive, direct, and satisfac-
tory refutation before the country; but I am not
going into a protracted reply to them. Yet there
are some things which are of such a character that,
since gentlemen have announced a wish to have
the remarks they have made go before their constit-
uents, I desire to answer them, so that my remarks
may likewise go before my constituents and the
country. Before I advert to those things to which
I wish to call public attention, I will say a word
in regard to the constitutional objection. I believe
I can present the argument in such a point of view
that no one can resist the conclusion that the bill
is constitutional. The honorable Senator from
Illinois has already shown, by calling the atten-
tion of the Senate to the different parts of the bill,
that the corporation provided for is a corporation
for the Territories, and not for the States; that the
bill does not necessarily purport that the corpo-
ration provided for, should act and discharge its
functions within the limits of a State in virtue of
the power conferred by Congress, irrespective of
the will of the State. On the contrary, the bill
expressly declares that the corporation shall not
act within a State without first obtaining the con-
sent of the State.
Now, although I am of opinion that Congress
has the power and right under the Constitution, to
construct a railroad to the Pacific, either with or
without the consent of the States, and by such agen-
cies as Congress may deem necessary and proper;
yet those who do not concede a power so exten-
sive in Congress, will find no violation of the Con-
stitution in this bill, if they admit, as I presume
every one does, that Congress may, in virtue of
its paramount legislative authority over the Terri-
tories, incorporate a company to build a road
within the Territories. To make this matter per-
fectly plain, it becomes important to inquire and
examine, for a moment, the fundamental laws
with regard to corporations. A corporation is an
artificial being, created by law, and therefore, its
first and ruling principle is, that it has no power
to go beyond that which is communicated by its
charter. Hence it is laid down in every treatise
on the subject, that corporations have no power to
do any thing unless the provisions of their charter
authorize them to do it. Now, if you have a right
to incorporate a company to do anything in the
Territories, may you not—according to the princi-
ple which limits the corporation to the exercise of
functions expressly conferred upon it—may you
not say to that corporation, you may perform
