1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
699
functions extra territorial, provided you can get
the assent of those who govern outside the Terri-
tory for which we legislate ?
To illustrate: this" Government has a right to
create corporations within the District of Colum-
bia; it has unlimited legislative power here. Its
power is as broad within the District of Columbia
as the power of any State within its own bordera.
We have here, sovereignty as perfect and entire
as that of any State over the territory which be-
longs to it. Suppose a corporation is chartered to
build a railroad from the city of Washington to
Georgetown, and thence on beyond Georgetown,
in the direction towards Harper's Ferry, to the
line of the District of Columbia. Suppose you
give that power, and then add, if Maryland will
give consent, the corporation may extend the road
to Harper's Ferry. Let it be conceded, if you
please, that you have no power to force Maryland
to give the right of way. You have undoubted
authority to incorporate a company to build a road
within this District. The only remaining ques-
tion then is, Can you confer a function or power
upon a corporation which you create and charge
with the performance of a particular thing within
your own territory, to do a similar thing outside
your territory, if others, having the right to con-
trol, will permit it? No lawyer, I care not what
his legal attainments maybe, I care not how astute
he may be, will venture to rise here and say that
if such a corporation as I have supposed is or-
ganized in the District of Columbia, under a char-
ter from Congress to build a road to the District
line, that it would be unconstitutional to confer the
power on such corporation to build it to Harper's
Ferry, if the consent of Maryland is obtained. If
you did not confer the power, the corporation
would have no right to build the road in Mary-
land, and all its acts in extending the road beyond
the District line would be illegal and void,because
of the general principle I have stated, limiting
corporations to the exercise of the authority ex-
pressly conferred by their charters. It therefore
becomes necessary that you should give this power
in the charter if you intend that the corporation
may exercise functions outside of the territorial
limits in which the corporation is created.
Now, sir, this bill creates a corporation to build
and construct a railroad to the Pacific, but declares
that it shall have no authority and shall exercise
no power whatever within any State, unless the
State consents. It is, therefore, nothing more
than a corporation created for our Territories,
over which and for which we may legislate, with
an additional function conferred to extend the
road through the States, if they consent and per-
mit. Artificial bodies or corporations are known
to the codes of all the civilized world. When
created for any business, they may follow it and
pursue it everywhere, provided the authority of
the charter is broad enough to allow it, and they
are not restricted in their action by those who
possess the power to prescribe restrictions. Ken-
tucky has chartered a railroad company from
Louisville to Nashville, and Tennessee has given
her consent that the Kentucky company might
extend the road to Nashville. But without such
consent on the part of Tennessee, the Kentucky
company could not enter the territory of Tennes-
see. Neither could the Kentucky company build
the road in Tennessee, unless the charter granted
by Kentucky gave authority to do the work in
Tennessee. Thus, States for their chartered com-
panies may confer power to extend their opera-
tions into other States with their consent; and so
may Congress do the same thing in chartering a
company for this District or any of its Territo-
ries.
Take another illustration. Suppose you create
a corporation in the District of Columbia for mer-
cantile purposes; you can confer upon that corpo-
ration, thus created, power to trade in India, and
around the world; you can vest it with functions
that shall be respected by every civilized Govern-
ment on earth. I feltit to be my duty to state this
general position of law, and call the attention of
the Senate to it. Every one will see the direct
application to the provisions of this bill. Here
we create a corporation. It is to act within the
Territories of the United States. Then a provis-
ion is put in the bill, that if the States will give
their consent, the corporation may act within their
borders. It is not the United States foreing a
road through the States, but it is the United States
giving power to a corporation created to act within ;
our Territories, which gentlemen concede we have
a right to create, by conferring upon the corpora-
tion the function to act without the limits of the
Territories; just as a mercantile corporation may
exercise its functions in all countries with their
assent.
Now, does it become us—does it become the
United States to be over squeamish on the subject
of these corporations, when we regard what has
transpired heretofore ? I hold in my hand the
Hise treaty, spoken of by the Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Douglas] the other day—a treaty made
by a Democrat, indorsed by a Democrat—indeed,
sir, it is a genuine Democratic treaty.
Now, sir, let me read to you what this treaty
contains with regard to the creation of corpora-
tions:
" Art. 3. It is agreed that ifthe Government ofthe United
States shall decide not to undertake and construct said
works—"
The preceding provisions of the treaty allowed
the Government of the United States to construct
the interoceanic communication through Lake
Nicaragua by its own means and by its own au-
thority alone. But the third article of the treaty
provides that if our Government did not choose to
do it—
« —then either the President or the Congress thereof shall
have the power and authority to frame, enact, and issue a
charter or act of incorporation, containing such liberal pro-
visions,and such grants of rights and privileges (not incon-
sistent wilh the rights of the contracting parties herein
secured) as may be necessary, convenient, and proper to
eflect the great objects in view, which charter and act of
incorporation shall provide as follows."
Then it goes on with article after article, show-
ing the fundamental principles that enter into an
act of incorporation. So far as this act of a Demo-
crat and a foreign Minister can give us a precedent
by which we are to be governed, we find that in
Democratic days corporations were provided for
in foreign territories under the treaty-making
Cower of the country, by which individuals or
odies of men combined were to execute one of
the greatest projects of the age and about which
so much has been recently said in this Senate.
It may be said that the treaty made by Mr.
Hise would not have been ratified by the Senate,
even if it had not been rejected by Nicaragua,
and therefore, as a precedent in favor of corpora-
tions, it is of little worth. I produce it, so that
Democrats may give it such weight as they please,
j For myself, I ask no aid from it if my opinions
i1 cannot be sustained by reason. Where corpora-
tions are the best means to execute the powers of
this Government, I have never doubted the con-
stitutionality of their creation.
Suppose you reject the provisions of Mr. Hise's
treaty as an authority. What else do we find in
the history of the past? If you cannot create a
corporation, you have undertaken to protect them
in foreign countries, when created by others. You
did that in the treaty with NewGranada, to which
I directed attention the other day. You did the
same thing by the Clay ton-Bulwer treaty. I want
the people of the United States to consider these
! democratic ideas advanced here. Government, ac-
' cording to the Democratic creed, has no power to
I establish a corporation by which we may execute
a great national object, and fulfill our constitu-
tional powers and duties. But if other nations
j will form one by which we can derive benefit, we
can go into treaty guarantees to defend that cor-
poration, on foreign ground, in the execution of
its work. The interest which we have in, and the
benefits which we derive from the action of foreign
corporations, may be such that we can pledge the
i whole force of the country, the Army and the
Navy, to defend these corporations and protect
them against all dangers; but we cannot find the
power to do for ourselves, at home and upon our
\ own territory, the same things which we can go
I to war to protect foreign corporations in doing for
us abroad ! Such is the practical democratic con-
struction ofthe Constitution! Why, sir, my.
I Democratic friend, the chairman of the Commit-
| tee on Foreign Relations, gave us almost a war
speech, a few days ago, against Mexjco, in order
! to compel her to ratify a grant or charter in behalf
I of an American company desiring to build a rail-
( road across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec. Sir, such
inconsistency cannot stand. I ask the people if
we can pledge the whole force of the country and
go to *ar in order to protect a foreign corporation
in which we may have an incidental advantage,
in order to secure a right of way and a free pas-
sage across the Isthmus of Darien, may we not
make a corporation and build a road for ourselves
in our own country ? If, under the Constitution,
we may rightfully go to war and fight, to protect
the railroad from Chagres to Panama, or a ship-
canal from Lake Nicaragua to the Pacific ocean,
so that we may travel these routes in going to Cal-
ifornia and Oregon, why may we not, under the
same Constitution, shorten our line of travel'thou-
sands of miles by building a railroad all the way
within our own country ? If you can do the one,
by virtue of the post office, commercial and mil-
itary powers of the Constitution, why will not
these powers enable you to do the other also ? I
cannot perceive a reason for the difference, and if I
had the power of the people, I would cast over-
board all politicians who pretend that there is a
difference.
Mr. President, I want the country to under-
stand another thing which I see here whenever
gentlemen from the sea-board get up to offer an
argument or make a speech on subjects of this
kind. Sir, in 1789, when our Constitution went
into operation, we had a little settlement—it de-
serves no other name than that when compared
with things as they exist at this time—a little strip
of settlements along the salt water, and the Con-
stitution at that time seems to have been puffed up
by a sort of salt-water impregnation. It has cer-
tainly brought forth a spawn of all kind of im-
provements for the sea-board and little or nothing
for the interior. One of the salt-water construc-
tions of the Constitution is, that the interior States
of the Union—although the Constitution express-
ly gives to Congress the right to regulate com-
merce between the several States, and of course
through the several States—are to be entirely de-
pendent upon the sea-board States for a channel
of commercial communication through their bor-
ders. They assume the sole right of making rail-
roads, and of taxing travel and transportation,
just as they please and as much as • they please.
; They can neglect to keep common highways in
repair, in order to force the citizens of other States
to use and pay tolls upon artificial works. They
may refuse to grant facilities in constructing direct
lines of railroad or canal between important com-
mercial points in order to force the citizens of other
States to travel circuitous routes to promote local
interests and the sectional schemes of particular
States. This has already been done by Pennsyl-
vania, if I am correctly informed, in refusing the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad a direct route across
her territory to Wheeling. Sir, if the doctrine
be conceded, that this Government can, under no
circumstances, make a road or canal in or through
a State, then may the sea-board States prescribe
what terms they please to the people of the inte-
rior States as to the manner in which they shall
reach the ocean, that common highway of all na-
tions. They may block up all dirt roads and
turnpikes, and compel all travelers and merchants
to seek transportation for themselves and property
on such railroads or canals and under such tolls as
shall be prescribed by a local and sectional policy.
Sir, I protest against any such doctrine. It is no
answer to tell me that the States will never do
! these things. That is not the question. If they
i should do so, have 1 any remedy? If they cut
: me off from the ocean, have I a right to appeal to
Congress to give me a right of way and a com-
mercial road, so that I may enjoy the privilege of
getting to the ocean? That is the question.
Mr7 BUTLER. I wish to understand distinctly
what the proposition of the Senator is, because I
may make some remarks. Do I understand the
Senator from Kentucky to lay down the broad
principle, that if Kentucky, or if a corporation
created by Congress, should design having a road,
by way of regulating commerce, that it could be
done bb against the consent of the State of Ten-
nessee, Georgia, or South Carolina, through those
States ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I shall lay down this
proposition: that if Tennessee shall undertake to
say that the people of Kentucky shall not, with
their wagons and produce, pass through her terri-
tory to get to Georgia, Alabama, or Mississippi,
then the people of Kentucky have a right to appeal
to Congress to open a way for them, and to guar-
antee a safe passage through it, so that they may
freely trade with the people of the South.
