700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
Mr. BUTLER. That is not the proposition. |
But have you a rigrht to go through by a road to
b?created hy Consress ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the object cannot be
accomplished in any other way, I have.
Mr. BUTLER. I wanted to make the propo-
silion pretty broad.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Just as broad as you
choose to have it. 1 maintain, if the State of
Tennessee should declare to the people whom I
represent, " You shall not go to Georgia, to Ala-
bama, or even to South Carolina, through my ter-
ritory; you may go around by the way of Vir-
ginia and North Carolina, if you please, or you
may cross the Father of Waters and go around by
Arkansas and Mississippi, but you shall not pass
through Tennessee," and undertake to enforce
the declaration, that I have a remedy for the evil
in the legislation of the Congress of the United
States, and in the judiciary of the United States,
to abrogate and annul all State laws which ob-
struct free intercommunication and commerce be-
tween the seveAl States. Sir, there is no danger
that Tennessee will ever deny Kentuckians the
right to pass through her borders as freely as her
own citizens; but if she should be so unmindful
of good-neighborship, and attempt to do it, I be-
lieve her legislation, to accomplish such an object,
would be void, as an infraction of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, upon two grounds:
first, it would be directly in conflict with that pro-
vision of the Federal Constitution which declares
that " the citizens of each State shall be entitled
to all privileges and immunities of citizens in the
several States;" second, it would conflict with
the rights of intercommunication and commerce
among the several States, which can alone be reg-
ulated by Congress, and which are clearly guar-
antied to the people of every State by the Federal
Constitution. The power to regulate " commerce
among the several States" is part of the same
clause which grants to Congress power " to regu-
late commerce with foreign nations." The powers
are identical, and a State can no more interfere
with the internal trade and intercourse among the
several States than it can interfere with the same
thing with foreign nations. We have, from the
origin of the Government, improved and preserved
harbors for the benefit of foreign commerce. We
have passed law after law, under Democratic ad-
ministrations as well as Whig, to improve the
Mississippi and other rivers for the benefit of in-
ternal commerce. Now, if we can improve upon
nature, and make rivers and harbors for commer-
cial purposes better than they were, will not the
same reasons justify us in building a road? Sir,
we have the power, and we ought to exercise it
whenever any State shall undertake to cripple and
regulate the travel and commerce of another State
upon local motives and sectional considerations.
Sir, if that power is not already in the Consti-
tution it ought to be there. I think it is there. If
it is not there what is the consequence? You al-
low the sea-board States of the Union to regulate
the business of the interior States at their pleasure;
you allow a sea-board State to cut off an interior
State from access to the ocean, except upon terms
which that sea-board State may prescribe. If
this Government is nothing but a confederation—
though I deny that—but if it is nothing but a confed-
eration, and each State can make its own transit
laws, just as it pleases, governing persons and
property in passing through its territory, imposing
onerous taxes in the shape of railroad tolls, and
setting slaves free, as has recently been done, my
word for it, such a confederation will not last.
Sir, the people of my Stata will never consent
that the State of Louisiana shall block up the
mouth of the Mississippi and prevent their access
to the ocean, or allow Louisiana to tax their com-
merce and navigation upon that stream. That is
a good illustration. Will the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] whenhecomes to
make his speech, say that Louisiana has a right
to block up the mouth of the Mississippi, and
prevent Kentuckians from going down to the Gulf
and thence across the ocean to any country of the :
world? The Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,]
though I think he carried his doctrine a little too
far, contended for a right of way across the Isth-
mus of Tehuantepec upon legal principles. If we
may insist upon a right of way over foreign terri-
tory, much more may we insist upon a similar n
right across a State of this Union. If Tennessee I
will not give or allow that right to the people of
Kentucky, how are we to get it?
Mr. BUTLER. Tennessee will allow you to
use her roads as she uses them, but will not build
one because you want it built.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Suppose she will not. I
have no right to ask her to build a road for my use.
But suppose she makes a law against my using the
roads she buildsforherself, or imposes suchcondi-
tionson me that 1 cannot comply, and consequently
cannot use her roads, then what is my remedy ?
I cannot go to war with her, because the Consti-
tution ties my hands in that respect. What rem-
edy have I ? There is none on earth, unless it is
found in the powers of the Federal Constitution.
Sir, I want the people to think about these things.
I said on a former occasion that it seemed to me
some gentlemen construe the Constitution of the
United States in such a way as to confine us in
executing its provisions to the use of those means,
and to those alone, which were known to the
world at the time of the adoption of the Constitu-
tion in 1787. But, sir, having said that some
time ago, the lesson has probably been lost, or for-
gotten; I trust the Senate will not consider me
arrogant if, like a teacher, I shall endeavor to im-
press it by repetition. I say that it seems to me
some gentlemen, when they come to construe the
Constitution of the United States, construe it as if
all the means for executing the powers of Gov-
ernment, except those known in 1787, are illegiti-
mate, and cannot be resorted to. 1 think that if
Wise, the aeronaut, should ever teach us to navi-
gate the atmosphere successfully, we may use
balloons, and just as many of them as we please.
And I also think when it comes to that, no State,
under the ideas of "State-Rights," and "State
sovereignty," and'the old common-law notion of
owning from the center " usque ad calurn," could
rightfully prevent the passage of the balloons
of Congress over her territory. I believe that
Congress may make roads over and through the
territories of the States, whenever they are " ne-
cessary and proper" auxiliaries in executing con-
stitutional powers. I believe that Congress may
properiy execute the powers of the Constitution
by using the most appropriate means furnished by
the inventions of the age in which we live, and
that it is both " necessary and proper" to avail
ourselves of all means to accomplish constitutional
ends which science and "progress" have made
since the Government commenced its operations.
Here, sir, is a fitting occasion to illustrate these
positions, and I think it can bedonemost effectually
and truthfully. The Constitution of the United
States says the President shall be the Commander-
in-Chief of the Army and Navy. The power thus
conferred upon the President necessarily implies
that in commanding the Army or Navy he shall
give orders to the subordinate military and naval
officers. The old way of doing that, in 1789, was
to send the orders by a courier, mounted on a
pony; or it was done by the old system of tele-
graphing, about which I have read as practiced in
Europe. But a genius of our own country, Mr.
Morse 
Mr. CASS. Progress.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, sir. Progress up
the ascending grade of which I told you some
few weeks since. A genius of our country has
invented a method by which the pony-mounted
courier, and the old telegraphs erected on the hills,
and displaying their tardy signals, have been re-
pudiated, and now we can use means of sending
information by the lightning itself, and which even
outruns time; for you may start a message from
this city at twelve o'clock, and it will reach New
Orleans before the sun reaches the meridian of that
place. Now, the question is, have we a right to use
the telegraph to enable the President to communi-
cate with and to command the Army or the Navy?
May the President transmit his orders by its means
to the Army or tl)e Navy ? If Congress shall erect
its own lines of telegraph, and allow the President
,to appoint sworn officers to transmit his orders,
(and that might be necessary to prevent publicity,)
what reason can be assigned against doing it, un-
less it be that such a thing was not known at the
origin of the Government in 1789, or even as late
as ihe enlightened age of the Virginia resolutions
of *98? 1 insist that Morse's telegraph may be
adopted as legitimate and constitutional means by
which the President may transmit his orders. I
do not know that this argument has been presented
before to the country, and I want the people to
see it. Here is a clear power given the Com-
mander-in Chief to issue orders to the military and
naval forces of the country. These orders must
be sent by some means. Science has discovered
a new mode of communicating intelligence. Can
we use it? And if so, can a State prevent our
using it, and arrest the erection of the posts and
wires in her territory, any more than she could
prevent our courier from passing under whip and
spur through her borders? Like the gentleman
from Michigan, I hold that the powers of Con-
gress do not at all depend upon the consent of the
States.
I shall never agree, even by an amendment of
the Constitution, to give this Government one ad-
ditional power, unless I shall be convinced it is of
the most harmless and beneficial character. I
think it has power enough already. But this bill,
in my judgment, presents no question of constitu-
tional power. We, the present Congress, have
found power in the Constitution, by adopting the
Wheeling bridge as a post road, to save it from
abatement as a nuisance, under the decision of the
Supreme Court. If we have power to prevent pull-
ing a bridge down, we can build it. If we can
protect a bridge, or build a bridge over a river
within a State, under our post office powers, we
can make a road and preserve it. This body, in
the Wheeling bridge case, has settled the consti-
tutionality of this bill. It should therefore be re-
garded as notan open,butan adjudged and decided
question. But if it must be aigued over and over
again, then 1 say, thatspeed and facility of concen-
tratingsuppliesand soldiers is military strength and
power. The capacity of concentrating forces in-
stantaneously, is everything in military operations.
To defend our possessions on the Pacific, the rail-
road would be invaluable. You have an army or
navy which you desire to remove from one post
or station to another; for instance, you may know
that danger is threatening San Francisco,and you
want to bring troops from Oregon and concentrate
them there; or you want to take them from San
Francisco to the mouth of the Columbia; or you
know that a navy of your enemy is sailing around
Cape Horn to attack your ships on the coasts of
the Pacific, and you wish to order your weaker
fleet to escape by passingaround the Cape of Good
Hope and come home, let us have a national tel-
egraph, and orders can be given with the rapidity
of thought; troops can be marched and counter-
marched, and concentrated as circumstances re-
quire, your country defended, your ships and
your armies saved. But start your courier—give
him relays of the fleetest race-horses, keep him
mounted on the back of Henry or Eclipse, Boston
or Fashion, and let him distance the wild Caman-
che on the open plains, and beat the antelope in
the mountains; and yet, sir, before he can deliver
an order or a warning, your Pacific possessions
may be invaded, your army captured in detail,
your ships sunk, and your commerce ruined.
Why, sir, destruction of life by thousands, and
loss of property by millions in value, may be saved,
and the Union preserved from dismemberment, by
the proposed railroad and telegraph; and yet we
are told gravely, at this day, that there is no con-
stitutional power to construct them. In other
words, we are gravely told that the organic func-
tions of the Governmentare so imbecile that it lacks
the capacity of self-preservation. If this be true,
its rickety existence will soon perish, and but few
mourners will weep at the grave Let the people
look into these things, and hold to accountability,
as I shall do when I retire from this body, all those
I who virtually deny to this Government theneces-
I sary powers of self-defense. Instead of having
our own railroads and telegraphs, constituting a
system of national defense infinitely superior to all
the fortifications we have ever built, or can build,
we are to depend upon the States for these things;
thus reversing and destroying the whole frame-
work of policy which erected an efficient and beau-
tiful structure out of the wreck and disorder of an
obsolete confederation. If the States will not or
cannot build railroads and telegraphs where they
are wanted for national purposes, then we are to
go without them. Sir, we might just as well call
upon the States to build for us our steamships,
manufacture our cannon, or furnish any other
means of national defense.
I recollect that upon one occasion last summer,
, the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Cass] and my-
