702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19.
this road. It is he who lets out the contracts; he I
■who determines the route; he who determines the j
gaug-e; he who determines when the contractors
shall be entitled to the compensation allowed by
law; in short, he is to have not only the power
which Congress ought to exercise, but the power
of the President of the United States and the
president of a railroad company besides. There
was much in the view presented yesterday by my
colleague [Mr. Mason] of the danger to be appre-
hended, if the legislative branch of this Govern-
ment should thus abdicate its powers, and throw
them into the hands of the Executive. Why, ,
sir, whenever we have a difficulty or sectional
differences here, in relation to any matter, Con-
gress, finding it cannot settle it, has to refer it to
the hands of the Executive. Thus we are fast
accumulating into his hands all powers, as well
legislative as executive. This is not the first in-
stance; it is not the first important instance in
which Congress has done this.
Now, I ask what party is it that is prepared to
abdicate the legislative power and to transfer it to
the Executive ? Is it the Whig party, which was
organized upon the one idea of resisting Executive
patronage .vis it the Democratic party? Why,
sir, it is a fundamental maxim in its creed to pre-
serve all the power that it can, compatible with
the purposes of good government, in the hands of
the States and of the people; and by way of pro-
viding a conservative check against the abuse of
the power which they thus part with so zealously
for the ends of good government, they have
ever been scrupulous in insisting upon its proper
distribution between the executive, judicial, and
legislative departments. That, sir, appears as a
prominent feature in most of the bills of rights of
the States of this Confederacy ; and it is an im-
portant and necessary feature in all the organiza-
tions of representative governments. Sir, central-
ized France might hesitate to bestow such powers
as these eve* upon its Emperor. Even there we 1
might expect to see some sort of check, either of
individual interest or in the shape of legislative
enactments, in order to secure that the roads
should take the direction which the true interests
of the country might require.
Can anything be more important to be determ-
ined by the legislative branch of our Government
than such a measure as this ? If we are to assume
to this Government a jurisdiction over therailroad i
commerce of the Union, is it not eminently proper
that this jurisdiction should be exercised not by
its executive but by its legislative department?
In what direction are these streams to pour their
riches? Whose lap shall these golden showers :
fructify ? If these great results are not to be left I
to the natural laws of trade and the free competi- j
tion of the States, but to be determined here, ,
surely the legislative branch, composed of the im-
mediate representatives of the people and the
States,[should have a voice in the matter. I know
that something like a precedent has been found
for this course in the law of 1806, establishing the
Cumberland road. But the analogy is more appar-
ent than real; and even if it were perfect, it would
only show, as remarked by General Jackson, in
reference to that very precedent, how dangerous
it is to depart in the beginning from the safeground
of the Constitution. That act itself established
one of the termini of the road, leaving it to com-
missioners to be appointed by the President to re-
port as to the other, and in regard to the route
which it should pursue; the report to be subject to
the approval, in whole or in part, by the President.
In point of force, then, the precedent is not anal-
ogous to this case; and in substance how different
are the two measures!
The Cumberland road was established not for
commercial, but military purposes. Congress as-
sumed no jurisdiction over the soil or the com-
merce upon the road. It created no corporation
within the States, and acquired none of their juris-
diction either by compact, treaty, or otherwise. If
it had been established e en for commercial pur-
poses, it could have been construed into a claim of
no other power than that of appropriating money
for general purposes, when it could be done with-
out invading the jurisdiction of the States. In
truth, however, it was to be vindicated, if it could
be justified at all, upon the ground of its beino-
necessary to military purposes.
This bill, Mr. President, proposes to transfer a
jurisdiction over the soil and internalcommerceof
a State from the State to the General Government.
There, then, is an important distinction, and when
compared with this, the Cumberland road dwin-
dles into insignificance. That was a mere trifling
matter as compared with such a scheme as this,
which proposes to vest such tremendous power in
the hands of one man. Now, let us see what this
bill effects as between the General Government
and the States. And I will say here, that 1 choose
to consider the bill as it came from the hands of
the committee, its responsible fathers. I know
not what measures may exist in the imaginations
of other gentlemen. I knownot what it may be
their secret purpose to do, or what the mental reser-
vations with which they make speeches in support
of the bill, but I takeit as reported, and upon that
I propose to comment. I wish now to analyze it
in reference to its distribution of power between
the States and the Federal Government. First,
there is a provision in this bill, contained in the
tenth section, regulating the mode in which the
transportation shall be carried on, and what lien
the company shall have upon the baggage and
other matters of that kind, thus transferring that
whole subject from the States to the Federal Le-
gislature, and from the States to the Federal judi-
ciary. We thus, at one fell swoop, transfer the
regulation of that important subject from the
State Government to the General Government,
and from the State to the Federal judiciary. But
is that all ? No, sir. The eleventh section of this
bill provides:
" That Congress may, at any time hereafter, authorize
individuals, companies, or States, to form a connection be-
tween said railroad, and any railroad or railroads under their
control, respectively : Provided, That the locomotives, en-
gines, cars, and other vehicles on said road or roads shall
be so constructed as to conform to the gauge of the said
proposed railroad : Jlnd provided also, That tile passengers
and merchandise or commodities conveyed on such road
or roads shat! be subjected to the charges tor transportation
which shall he established on said proposed railroad, and
9uch other regulation! as may be made by Congress upon
this subject."
Thus the bill provides that where the States con-
nect with this road—and it is to be supposed
that they will connect, east as well as west, and
north as well as south—they shall do it upon the
condition of putting their roads under the regula-
tion of Congress. What is this but giving Con-
gress the regulation of the whole subject of rail-
road transportation and commerce ? What is it
but to accomplish that very idea which the Sen-
ator from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] advanced
as one which was the true principle by which we
were to be guided in our legislation ? And is the
Senate willing—are the American people willing—
to submit this whole subject, which has been so
well managed by the States, into the hands of the
Federal Government?
I know, sir, it may be said that this can only
be done by the assent of the State governments;
but what immense pecuniary inducements are you
holding out to them to assent! You are holding
out, if theTriends of this bill are right, all the in-
ducements that can be derived from a participation
in the benefits of the principal portion of the im-
mense railroad commerce of the Union, to induce
the States to surrender their power and their juris-
diction. It is saying to them in effect—if you
will surrender your power and your jurisdiction,
you may participate in these benefits; but if you
do not, you cannot share in them. And the'means
proposed in this section are precisely those which
are well calculated to tempt the States to transfer
this vast subject of power and jurisdiction from
themselves to this Government. To adopt this
provision will be saying to the States—if you do
not take it, the other States, which will surrender
their power on that condition, will derive those ben-
efits, and you will be shut out; and in order to
protect your own citizens, you must come in and
surrender your powers. Sir, let me inquire here,
by what right—under what clause of the Consti-
tution is it, that the General Government and a
State have any power to make such a compact,
and thus virtually to change the Constitution of
the United States? The Constitution provides the
mode in which it is to be changed. It provides
the number of the States which shall assent in
order to change it. It never did intend that Con-
gress, by a compact with one State, should be en-
abled to assume the exercise of powers which the
Constitution did not give. Besides, the Constitu-
tion especially provides that no State shall enter
into any treaty, alliance, or confederation, a pro-
I hibition which extends to all Governments, Con-
gress included. 1 know that there is an exception
that one State may enter into a compact or agree-
ment with another State, with the assent of Con-
gress, but that is the only exception; and in the
dealing between Congress and theStates, the Con-
stitution especially providesforthe instances where
these compacts are permitted between a State and
the Federal Government, and how.it is to be done.
For instance, it provides for the cessions of sites
for the needful public buildings. You must pro-
cure them with the assent of the States. I repeat
it, sir, the Constitution provides for the instances
in which the States shall give their assent; and
for Congress to attempt to obtain powers by the
assent of a State, under any other circjimstances,
is a violation of the Constitution. In that, 1 am
sustained by Mr. Madison, by General Jackson,
and by Mr. Monroe. The last, in his veto ofthe
Cumberland road act, says of this bill:
"Jtisa complete right of jurisdiction and sovereignty
for all the purposes of internal improvement, and not merely
the right of applying money under the power vested in
Congress to make appropriations, under which power, with
the consent of the States through which this road passes,
the work was originally commenced and has been so far
executed. J am of opinion that Congress do not possess
this power—that the States individually cannot grant it; for
although they may assent to the appropriation of money
within their iinnls for such purposes, they can grant no
power of jurisdiction or sovereignty by special compacts
with the United States. This power can be granted only
by an amendment of the Constitution, and in the mode pre-
scribed by it."
General Jackson, too, seems to refer to this as
the extreme view of the power of Congress on
this subject, in his veto of the Maysville road.
In that message, he says:
" Independently of the sanction given to appropriations
for the Cumberland and other roads and objects, under
this power, the administration of Mr. Madison wa« charac-
terized by an act which furnishes the strongest evidence
of his opinion of its extent. A bill was passed through
both Houses of Congress, and presented for his approval,
t setting apart and pledging certain funds for construct-
ing roads and canals, and improving the navigation of
f water-courses, in order to f 'ciliiate, promote, and give se-
i curity to internal commerce among the several States,
* and to render more easy, and less expensive, the means
' and provisions for the common defense.' Regarding the
bill as asserting a power in the Federal Government to con-
struct roads and canals within the limits of the States in
which they were made, he objected to its passage, on the
ground of its unconstitutionality, declaring that the assent,
of the respective States, in the mode provided by the bill,
could not confer the powerin question ; that the only cases
in which the consent and cession of particular States can
extend the power of Congress, are those specified and pro-
vided for in the Constitution; and superadding to these
avowals his opinion, thati a restriction ofthe power to
' provide for the common defense and general welfare to
1 cases which are to be provided for by the expenditure
4 of money, would still leave within the legislative power
* of Congress all the great and most important measures of
; « Government, money being the ordinary and necessary
j * means ofcarrying them into execution.' I have not been
able to consider these declarations in any other point of
view than as a concession thatthe right ot appropriation is
not limited by the power to carry into effect the measure
for which the money is asked, as was formerly contended."
i The views of Mr. Monroe upon this subject
' were not left to inference. During his adminis-
' tration a bill was passed through both Houses of
I Congress, conferring the jurisdiction, and pre-
i scribing the mode by which the Federal Govern-
I ment should exercise it, in the case of the Cum-
berland road. He returned it with objections to
its passage, and, in assigning them, took occasion
to say, that, in the early stages of the Government,
he had inclined to the construction that it had no
right to expend money except in the performance
of acts authorized by the other specific grants of
power, according to a strict construction of them,
but that, on further reflection and observation, his
1 mind had undergone a change; that his opinion
i then was, " that Congress hove an unlimited
1 power to raise money, and that, in its appropria-
* tion, they have a discretionary power, restricted
* only by the duty to appropriate it to purposes
' of common defense, and of general, not local—
| 1 national, not Statebenefit;" and this was avowed
to be the governing principle through the residue
of his administration. The views of the last Ad-
ministration are of such recent date as to render a
particular reference to them unnecessary. It is
well known that the appropriating power, to the
utmost extent which had been claimed for it in re-
lation to internal improvements, was fully recog-
nized and exercised by it:
"This brief reference to known facts will be sufficient
to show the difficulty, if not the impracticability oi bringing
back the operations of the Government to the construction
of the Constitution set up in 1798, assuming that to be its
