704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
ual; in the next, there is no limitation as to the
real'estate which it may hold, the property which
it may accumulate, or the kind of business in
which it may engage. And whilst it will be more
capable of mischief, and better able to concentrate
inordinate powers than any other corporation ever
known in tnis country, it wants those limitations
which our State governments think it necessary
to impose upon the most insignificant corpora-
tions of their creation; for there is no efficient
restraint upon it on the part of Congress, even in
theory. Congress can do nothing towards de-
stroying it, except to purchase it out upon terms
which I have shown to be impracticable; and every
year which elapses after the thirty makes it more
and more impossible to do it, for the price, under
this bill, increases at the rate of ten per cent, per
annum. The threat of reducing their net profits
to eight per cent, per annum upon their invest-
ments would have but few terrors for a company
like this, with a perpetual charter. I know, Mr.
President, that it is considered quite ridiculous in
this day of progress to express an apprehension
for free government or popular rights; but if we
were to set ourselves to work to try experiments
upon the vitality of both, I can conceive of no
machinery better calculated for such purposes than
that created by this bill.
In whatever point I view this bill, I feel that I
am authorized to characterize it as an extraordi-
nary—as an enormous measure. It is enormous
in the power which it transfers from the Legislature
to the Executive. It is enormous in giving to the
General Government jurisdiction over the great
subject of railroad commerce and transportation
within and throughout the States; for the means j
are here for purchasing the control of this subject |
from the States, as I have endeavored to show ;
before. The bill is enormous, too, in regard to i
the powers which it proposes to vest in this cor- j
poration, and I believe in that respect it is alto- j
eether without precedent, whether you consult the
legislation of the States of our Confederacy, or of
foreign Governments. It is the most indefinite
grant of power, taken in all respects, that I have
ever seen.
The President is to determine the route of com-
merce; the President is to raise what troops and
to organize what military expeditions he may
choose to guard it. The whole thing is to be done
under Executive management, and that, too, upon
a question which gentlemen say is to determine
not merely the commerce of this country, but of
the world; and thin is to be done how, and under
what circumstances? Do we know that there is
a practicable route for a railroad ? How do we
know it? Gentlemen have assured us that they
have heard these accounts from travelers, from
hunters, from pioneers, from military men, who
have been making expeditions through those re-
gions for the purposes of war or of pleasure; but
have they carried the surveyor's instruments upon
the road ? Do we know the distance to which it
is to run? Do we know the amount which it ap-
propriates ? Can any gentleman tell me how much
land is appropriated, and where the lands are that
we appropriate? Can any gentleman approximate
towards the length of the proposed road, or say
how it is to run ? Can he tell us whether it is to
run in a direction where water may be found,
where fuel may be obtained, where food may be
had, except at an enormous cost? Nobody pre-
tends to give us any information which even ap-
proaches acouracy upon these subjects, so import-
ant to be understood. They give us no estimates;
they have had no surveys, ana they refuse all pre-
liminary inquiry or investigation into the subject.
Now, suppose the road shall be made, what is
to be the cost of running it after it shall be made?
Is it altogether certain that the road can be oper-
ated at all except at a cost too great to be tolerated
even by the friends of the measure? The road is
to run through a country, much of which is a des-
ert, where no fuel can be found, where man and
horse experience difficulties in getting water to
sustain life; an uninhabited, deserted region, and
one which, according to all the descriptions we
have had of it, is likely to remain uninhabited and
deserted for a long time to come; observe too, it
is not a road which pays as you make it link by
link. It pays nothing until you conclude it. You
may make the links through the Pacific States on
the west, and through the Mississippi States on
the east on each side up to the desert, but these
links will be worth but little until you finish the
road through the desert, and to take it there at
what an immense cost must it be done! You have
to transport your provisions, your materials, your
laborers, at an immense cost. You find it difficult
to obtain, then, even the necessaries of life. So
deep is the sense of all these difficulties on the part
of the friends of the measure, that the bill provides
for the use of the Army to guard the road whilst
under construction. But when it is made, how are
you to preserve it, how are you to operate it, in
the present condition of things, unless you establish
military posts all along the line? An Indian may
come along, and, actuated by wantonnessormalice,
take off a rail and wreck a whole train of cars; by
accident or design he may fire the prairies, and the
burning grass may consume, who knows how
much of the superstructure of your railroad? I
have heard that during the last year there was a
difficulty even on some of the New York roads to
find water to keep the locomotives in motion. Do
we fear no difficulties of that sort in such a region?
How do we know at what cost in that country, so
denuded of timber, we are to obtain the fuel ?—and
that I observe, is a very considerable item in the
expense of running these roads. The original
price of the coal which they use in Pennsylvania
for this purpose, is estimated at four dollars per ton.
When you come to transport this coal from any
attainable points towards the heart of that desert,
to what amount will the price rise from the mere
charges of transportation ?
These are difficulties which we are required to
face; yet no tim^ is given for examination, no
time is given for consideration, for explorations,
or surveys, but we are at once to embark the Uni-
ted States Government in this business, and pledge
ourselves to this immense amount, upon the mere
imagination that we may conclude such a road.
And, sir, what is there, until this country shall
become settled, that is to pay for it? We hear a
great deal of the immense freights and of the com-
merce for which this road is to be the avenue.
We are to get the commerce of the East, it is said,
and thus establish amongst ourselves the depots
of trade between the European and the Asiatic
continents. Mr. President, this commerce will
never take that line, unless there are some discov-
eries yet to be made in the mode of constructing
railroads and in the cost and Bpeed of railroad
transportation of which we know nothing now.
Why, I find, upon looking into the reports upon
the railroads in the old States—in New York, in
Connecticut, and in Pennsylvania—that the charge
for railroad transportation is rather more than
three cents per ton per mile, reckoning only two
thousand pounds to the ton.
I A gentleman from New York, who is well in-
I formed upon these matters, tells me that the aver-
age charge for transportation on the railroads of
thatState, is a little more than four cents'perton per
mile.* If, then, this road is to bear the commerce
between Asia and Europe, as is affirmed by its
friends, it must carry its freight, from sea to sea,
over a distance certainly not less than three thou-
sand miles. At the rate of charge for the ton per
mile which is now made in the old States, it is
manifest that the cost will rise so high, as to make
the road an impracticable route for this commerce;
for we are to add to these charges the cost of
transportation from Asia to San Francisco, on
shipboard. But is it possible that goods could
be transported over this route as cheaply as upon
those to which I have referred? Not only must
the actual cost of transportation be greater upon
such a route as this, but the charges necessary to
make up the eight per cent, net profit upon the im-
mense investment of the company, must be greater
than the corresponding item in the charges upon
the roads of the old States. When we come to
* Cost of transportation of freight per ton per mile on sev-
eral railroads in the State of New York, as shown by Ihe re-
port of the State engineer and surveyor of January 7, 1851:
Troy and Greenbush railroad 9.972 cents.
Tonawanda railroad 7.871 "
Uuca and Schnectady railroad 4.97-3 <<
New York and New Haven railroad 4 291 11
Schnectady and Troy railroad 4.075 "
Rochester and Syracuse railroad  2 915 "
New York and Erie^-ailroad 2.982 "
According to the last annual report of that officer, the
average cost of transportaUoa of freight per ton per mile on
railroads is, Tor
Coal    6 tb 10 cents.
Other than coal, on favorable grades  I2j£ <>
Other than coal, on steep grades ; 15 to 20 "
compare this with the charges made by ships,
even by clipper-ships, it must be obvious that
they must continue to be the vehicles of the trade
between this country and those distant regions;
especially, if a ship canal should be made through
Nicaragua.
The clipper-ships bring freight now, as I am
informed, from China to Boston and New York,
for from twenty to twenty-five dollars per ton.
Is it to be supposed that merchants are going to
abandon that mode of transportation, and bring
their goods across this immense line, at such a
cost, to get them from the Pacific to the Atlantic
ocean ? I am informed that old-fashioned ships
carry freight to Boston much cheaper than twen-
ty or twenty-five dollars per ton. I know it is
said, that there is a great difference in point of
speed, but I have observed that the average work-
ing time for the freight trains, on the New York
and Erie railroad, is about nine miles and a frac-
tion per hour. I am told that some of these clip-
per-ships have made that rate for days together,
when within the regions of the trade winds, in
their voyages from China to New York. They
are nearly as fleet, and who can say how much
cheaper? How, then, is it to be supposed that we
can bring the commerce of the East over such a
route as this ? And what is that commerce, so far
as we ourselves are concerned ? It is possible
that this might be the cheapest route by which to
supply some points in the interior with the com-
modities of the East Indies.
But what is the amount of the goods from the
East which it has heretofore taken us to furnish
our country ? From China our imports amount
to $7,000,000; from the British Indies, $3,333,333;
from the South Seas and the Pacific ocean, $2,298;
from the Sandwich Islands, $16,852; making in all
$10,420,000, according to the report on commerce
and navigation for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1851, which is the latest that is printed. Is
that the commerce which is to sustain such a route
as this, which is to pay any profit for the trans-
portation of it ?
Mr. President, what is to be the cost of this
road ? Why, I find that the cost of the New
York and Erie railroad is over $60,000 per mile.
If you take the cost not only of constructing this
road, but of occupying it with cars and all the
necessary machinery, I believe it will amount
very nearly to $70,000 a mile. Who supposes
that a road through that desert, or through Cali-
fornia, can be made for much less than twice that
sum ? If it costs $60,000 a mileto build a railroad
in New York, will it not cost more than $100,000
a mile in that desert and in California, where labor
is four or five times as high as in the otd States ?
When you come to take a railroad two thousand
or two thousand five hundred miles in extent, as
some have computed, and if you calculate it at
the rate of $100,000 or even $70,000 a mile, you
find it is an enterprise at which this Government
might well pause, even if it promised to be ulti-
mately profitable.
Mr. President, I have no doubt but that some
day will come when a communication by land
with the Pacific will be profitable, and when that
day comes that communication will be made by
the demands of trade. It will be made as this
beautiful internal improvement system which we
see around us was made, by the States and by indi-
viduals, without clash or warfare between the dif-
ferent sections of the country; without unjust or
unworthy preferences given by superior power to
either. In that way it will be made, and by that
time it will be profitable and beneficial. If, how-
ever, we commence it before there is a trade, or a
population to support it, we shall fail, and thus
unnecessarily postpone the execution of the work
which, if we had been patient, would have been
accomplished by the demands of trade. When-
ever that time comes, State and individual enter-
prise will be found fully adequate to the execution
of the work.
I know that it is said that this road is for mili-
tary purposes, and we hear of its being finished
in five years. Why, how much of that New
York and Erie railroad was made during a year?
Did it average a hundred miles a year, or seventy
miles a year' I am told not. Upon this point,
however, I will not speak with certainty, for 1
have not been able to obtain any precise in-
formation in regard to it; but I am informed the
average was not quite seventy miles a year. Is
