1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
their interest. I wish to say that I received this
morning; from California the proceedings of a pub-
lic meeting; upon this subject, which come up pre-
cisely to the course whicn 1 have taken from the
beginning. I beg leave to read a few lines of the
last part of it:
" Your committee frel that it is unnecessary to suggest
more reasons in behalf of the contemplated route which
they thus so strongly favor, satisfied as they are, that the
General Government only desire in the executkm of this
work to do justice to the whole coontry, and to establish
the road where they believe the route to be most practica-
ble, and where it will best enhance the interests of our
whole people; and with this view your committee would
respectfully recommend that a copy of this report be for-
warded to "everv friend of the cause in Congress, requesting
that an appropriation may be made hy the present Congress
providing tor the payment of the expenses of a preliminary
survey of both the northern route, so called, and the south
em or Gila route; that the boar.l of survey be composed of
gentlemen of high scientific attainments, whose report
would necessarily carry greater conviction to the judgments
of our people than the mere ex parte reports of officers not
specially detailed for tliat duty. This commission might
start by the northern route during the summer season, as it
would be impossthle to travel thither in the winter months.
This route carefully examined, the corps of survey could
return to the Atlantic States from San Diego by the southern
route at any season of the year, it being along the whole
Kne of the road but a conunuauon of a never-ending
spring."
If these things be true, and all this can be done
in twelve months, and that survey can be pre-
sented to us and an estimate founded upon it, and
as the Senator from Massachusetts says it is need-
less to amend this bill now, that nothing will be
done before the meeting of the next Congress,
why not make an appropriation to have a survey
and estimate returaea to us at the next meeting of
Congress, and then decide according to the repre-
sentation made by the surveys and estimates which
is proper and right to take ? Why this hasty
arrangement? It is said by the Senator from
California that such a proposition has been voted
down once. That is no reason why we cannot
get at it again. In my judgment, Mr. President,
we are destroying this great national enterprise by
attempting to fix upon it a position which the
judgment of the country will not sanction.
Mr. DE SAUSSURE. I accept the suggestion
which was made by my friend from Louisiana,
and will modify the amendment which I proposed,
so that it shall read:
"Provided nevertKelea, That the eastern terminus of the
road shall not be north of Memphis, in Tennessee."
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection
that modification will be made.
There was no objection.
Mr. BUTLER. I will say to my colleague I
believe there is a concurrent opinion that the Gila
route is best; but I will say to the Senate and the
country that it will not be adopted. I will make
the prediction. The road will go to the lakes.
Mr. BELL. There is considerable temptation
for me to give my vote on this amendment with
the opponents of the bill, because it seems to look
to the interests' of Tennessee, and that section of
the country. Its adoption might defeat the bill.
But independently of that, it is irreconcilable with
the whole reasoning and principles on which I
agreed to give my vote heretofore; and, therefore,
although the amendment proposes to give the
terminus to Memphis, in my own State, I shall
be compelled to give my vote against it.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to say in substance
what the Senator from Tennessee has said. I de-
sire as much as any one can desire that Memphis
should be the eastern terminus of the road on the
Mississippi, and 1 believe that it will be, among
other reasons, for those which I stated yesterday
in some remarks which I addressed to the Senate
on another subject. But, Mr. President, I am
sure that the adoption of the amendment would
defeat the accomplishment of the object which I
have in view. It would give it a sectional charac-
ter, which is calculated to defeat it, and no doubt
would. I believe the natural character of the
country will carry it through. I do not believe
that if we fix it by legislative enactment now, we
can get the bill passed; but I do believe that leav-
ing it open to be determined by actual surveys to
be made, it will be carried to the very point that I
desire. The Senator from Georgia [Mr. Charl-
ton] called attention to the fact that if it went fur-
■Aier south it could not pass through any territory
without going through a State. If the Senator
will look at the map which has been prepared, he
will find that if it leaves the western border of
Missouri or Arkansas, it passes through a very
small portion of any State until it reaches the bor-
ders of California. It cuts across the projecting
point of Texas only a small portion. It will follow
the line of the Canadian, which has already been
explored extensively and successfully; it will have
to turn a little to the right to avoid the mountains
to get down to Albuquerque, and it will hardly
touch the northern portion of Texas. It cuts over
a very small angle, and before it reaches that point
of Texas, it will have to pass over the western
border of Arkansas, over four degrees of longi-
tude. I think the objection which he urges falls
entirely short of the true state of the facts in re-
gard to this bill.
Mr. DOWNS. I am very sorry to hear the
remarks of the two Senators who last addressed
the Chair. So strong are my convictions, for rea-
sons which 1 have urged heretofore, and shall not
repeat now, that this terminus ought to be not
north of Memphis, that, anxious as I am that the
bill should pass, I shall vote for the amendment.
It should be put in the bill. By fixing that ter-!
minus the distance is shorter, ana the road can be ;
better made. I do not exactly understand the !
Senators who have spoken on the subject. When
they say that this amendment is to defeat the bill, ;
do they mean that the terminus is never to be , .
fixed as designated by the amendment? If so I
cannot understand it. I neither want to cheat nor
to be cheated in this matter; but if it is the fact !
that those who support the bill will oppose it with
the route south in it, I do not know any better 1
time than now to settle the question. I snail not j
debate the question now. I have already given •
my reasons why I think the route greatly pre- J,
ferable, but I shall not certainly vote for the bill |i
if it excludes the southern route. I do not see
why we should not do what we think right what-
ever may be the consequence. If the amendment
should be rejected, it will be decided to be a posi-
sion taken by the Senate that this shall not be the
route; and I regret very much to see the Senator
from Tennessee giving his sanction to that.
Mr. RUSK. The object of this bill is to get a
road to the Pacific. This amendment comes from
an avowed enemy of the bill. The friends of the
bill are anxious to get a road. They believe,
what will be found to be so, that Congress never
can settle the termini of the road, because it would
wake up a most furious opposition in the immedi-
ate neighborhood of the points selected. Take
Memphis, Yicksburg will be in the way; take
Vicksburg and there is the mouth of Red river.
You cannot succeed in it. There has been a great
deal of expression of confidence in the honesty
of the incoming Administration. I do not intend
to add to it. I have shown what confidence I
have. I do not intend to make any statement of
that here. This bill is drajvn on the supposition
that the incoming President is an honest man; and,
sir, its provisions form the highest compliment
which the opposing party can pay to the personal
integrity of the incoming President. Here is a
subject which agitates the whole country. It is
known that we cannot agree upon the termini.
They have therefore agreed in this bill to say
that we leave it to the President to determine which
is the shortest, cheapest, and best route which will
protect the commerce, and interests, and general
defense of the whole country. We leave it to
him; and if he has the means of finding out, and
if he is an honest man, when he finds out which is
the shortest, cheapest, and best route for the whole
country, that route he will select—that route ough£
to be selected.
Mr. BELL. I must say one word in reply to
the Senator from Louisiana, who has expressed
his astonishment that I would give my assent to
a proposition which, he says, if voted down must
be regarded by the President and the country as
the decision of this body against the location of
the terminus at Memphis, or south of it. After
the examination and surveys that have been made
of the route on the Canadian river, or on the Red
river, I regard either or both of them as practi-
cable, and if I had it in my power, no gentleman,
I suppose, would doubt that I would select the
one nearest to my State. But I appeal to my
remarks upon this subject heretofore to show that
I placed my assent to this bill upon the clear con-
viction which 1 had, ufter some observation of the
sentiment and feeling notonly of the Senate, but of j
the House of Representatives, with regard to the !
subject, that no bill could possibly pass either body l
which designated or defined the termini of the
road, either east or west, or its general direction.
I was perfectly willing that the interests of my
State should take the general hazard with the
northwestern and southwestern regions, and that
provided the President should have delegated to
him the power of designating the road, we would
trust to the integrity, the intelligence, the patriot-
ism of a northern President to do equal justice, as
far as should lie in his power, to the whole western
border. I at least—and I suppose I may rely
uDon my honorable colleague to concur with me—
am ready to look to the enlightened patriotism and
sound judgment of my constituents of Memphis,
and of the west of Tennessee generally, for an
approval of my course upon such a subject as this,
under the circumstances.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to say a
word in reply to what I suppose to be a remark of
my colleague. If I understand him, he supposed
I would concur with him in voting against the
amendment offered by the Senator from South
Carolina. I am sorry that I cannot do it. I shall
be constrained to vote for it. I should not have
offered it myself, because I feared the very con-
struction which the Senator from Louisiana has
placed upon its rejection, might be placed upon it
by the President of the United States, in the event
that the bill should pass. I therefore regret its
introduction; but it being introduced, I cannot vote
against it.
Mr. DE SAUSSURE. It requires no great
degree of frankness on my part to admit that I
am an avowed opponent of the bill. I have been
so from the beginning. It is a monstrous bill. It
is a premature bill. I believe it involves conse-
quences that will be disastrous to the country. I
am therefore opposed to it. But, sir, the amend-
ment was offered in good faith. It was offered
not with a view to defeat the bill, but to amend it,
to make it available, at all events, to my section of
the country, if it is to pass, and to provide that
the road shall pass, where, if it is constructed, it
ought to pass alone. And now I warn the Sen-
ators from the South, I warn the Senator from
Texas, that if ever he expects his road to pass
through that country, " now is the accepted time"
to provide for it. If you desire to effect that, you
must do it now while the power is in your hands.
Pass the bill, and that power is gone. You have
no means afterwards to control the selection. You
talk about leaving this power in the hands of the
President of the United States. He never will
have it. That bill, in its present form, will never
go to the President of tne United States, to be
signed. Nobody but Senators who are so blindly
misled by their project, would permit a bill of
this kind to pass. What are the words? "It
shall be the duty of the President of the United
States to cause to be constructed a railroad."
What clause of the Constitution gives you author-
ity to pass any such act? How can you make it
the duty of the President of the United States to
construct a railroad, to become the president of a
railroad company ? I ask you where you find the
power? You have no such authority. If you
cannot find it in the Constitution, you cannot find
it anywhere else. The bill, therefore, will never
go to the President of the United States, to be
signed in that form; and the President, I appre-
hend, wodld never assume the responsibility which
you have attempted to impose upon him. I have
nothing further to say.
Mr. WALKER. In regard to the remark of
the Senator from Louisiana, that a mere negative
vote upon this proposition may be considered as
meaning a disapprobation by Congress of the route
which the Senator from South Carolina proposes,
I cannot think that it could be so construed; and
if it should be, it will be but a balance of the ac-
count between the North and the South. I think
the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Chase] proposed a
point between Independence, in Missouri, and
Kainesville, in Iowa, and that was voted down.
Consequently, according to the rule of construc-
tion adopted by the Senator from Louisiana, that
location was disapproved of by the Senate.
Mr. CHASE. It was not voted upon at all.
Mr. WALKER. The Senator from Ohio says
it was not voted upon. Well, sir, there can
scarcely be any one so visionary, within the walls
of this Capitol, whether inside of th e Senate Cham-
ber or not, as to suppose that it would have suc-
ceeded if the vote had been taken; and not only so,
