1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
beyond the power of Europe to send an army
which could overcome that portion of our Repub-
lic. The distance, the difficulty and danger of
transportation, and the impossibility almost of ;
finding the means of subsistence for such a gigan-
tic enterprise on the other side of the earth, fur-
nish insurmountable obstacles against its accom-
plishment.
Gentlemen talk seriously about the tremendous
effect of a ship-of-the-line and a frigate upon our
Pacific coast. That marauding parties might
land, or that a buccaneering ship might do some
injury there as well as here, no man can doubt;
but as to conquest—you might as well attempt to
blow up the rock of Gibraltar with a pop-gun as
to conquer the sturdy and patriotic population that
is to be found in those regions. From their hills
and their valleys they would mock to scorn any
army that Europe could send there. I have not
the least fear of such an attempt. My fear is
from within and not from without. I have a
settled conviction that our tenure of that part of
the Confederation depends in a great degree upon
the facilities we may provide for reaching it. If
you desire to unite the Atlantic and Pacific citizens
Dy indestructible bonds, you must unite the At-
lantic and Pacific regions by a bond of communi-
cation, which, in fact, will make them one people.
A Government like ours, depending upon opinion
and not upon force, cannot expect to preserve its
organization where it is separated by a world of
wilderness and by months of time. In such a
state of things there will be a want of sympathy
of feeling and of mutual dependence. Distance in
these days is resolved into time, and by the meas-*
ure proposed you can bring the extremes of our
country closer together than were Philadelphia and
Savannah when the Government was organized.
This means of prompt and etisy communication
we must have; and when we have it, and not till
then, we shall have one country, one people, one
destiny. It is, therefore, in a political and social
point of view that I deem this road so important,
whatever may be its effects as a commercial route,
or as a means of communication connected with
the defense of any portion of the country in time
of war. I do not mean, by anything 1 have said,
to question the expediency of fortifying proper
points upon the Pacific coast. I think such a
measure very necessary to prevent sudden incur-
sions or marauding expeditions. But I totally
deny the necessity of such measures with a view
to prevent the conquest of the country. j
I have already stated to the Senate that I have
insuperable objections to the establishment by the j
General Government of a corporation within the
limits of a State. I
Mr. RUSK. That is stricken out from the bill. I
Mr. CASS. I know it, and I am glad of it. I j
allude to ths subject to state that I had two serious
objections, insurmountable, indeed, to this bill; .
one, the section providing for the incorporation,
and which has been struck out, and another which ;
still remains, and which, if retained, will prevent
me from voting for the bill. I have in vain sought
in the Constitution the power of the General Gov-
ernment to make a road within any State; that is,
to make a communication which shall have the
legal attributes of a road, with a right to condemn '
property for its formation, and to provide penalties
fonts protection and preservation, taking full juris- '
diction over it. What it might be necessary to do
in time of war to facilitate military operations, I j
do not now undertake to consider. The power
of the Government to construct a way through its
own land, I do not dispute. It has been exercised i
more or less since the foundation, and is conferred '
by that clause of the Constitution which gives to
Congress the right to regulate and dispose of the
public property. But in such a case, the legal at- ',
tributes of a road cannot attach to such communi-
cation. No Senator can point to a clause in the
Constitution which authorizes us to enter a State,
and to assume jurisdiction over roads within it.
Mr. RUSK. With the consent of the State? ,
Mr. CASS. With the consent of a State or
without it, it is all the same. Let me say to the !
honorable Senator that there are thirty-one States
in this Union, and upon his construction, instead j
of one Constitution for the General Government,
we shall have thirty-one. If we say to the State
of New Hampshire, let us build and endow a col-
lege within jour limits, she may say very well; I!
if you are disposed to appropriate a round sum of I;
| money for that purpose, you have our consent,
j And then the General Government will possess
the right to establish a magnificent university in
that State. Coming to Massachusetts the temp-
tation may be to support all her common schools,
and it would not be wonderful if the offer should
be accepted, and a new and most important pre-
rogative thus conferred upon the United States
within the limits of one member of the Confed-
eration. New York, being a large State, might
require a larger consideration, and that might be
found in a proposition to defray all the expenses of
the State government, and to be allowed to pass all
laws which Congress might think proper, within
the State. It cannot be necessary to pursue these
illustrations. There is not a single object in the
vast concerns of life which might not thus be
brought or be bought within the jurisdiction and
control of the Federal authority,—roads, canals,
bridges, banks, corporations, and whatever else,
indeed, the wants of society require. I do not
deny, sir, that many of these supposed cases are
little likely to happen; impossible, indeed, in the
present state of public opinion. But they test the
principle, as they all come within the same cate-
gory, of giving jurisdiction to the General Govern-
ment, by this new process of assent; and no man
can tell, when an abuse begins, where it is to end.
Better repel it at the threshold than to allow it to
get possession of the hearth-stone. Establish
such a doctrine, and instead of one Constitution
we shall have thirty-one; and how permanent or
how transitory they may be who can tell? Is the
Legislature of the State thus giving its assent to a
new proposition, to be forever bound by the act,
or is it repealable whenever a majority of the Le-
gislature feel the error, and endeavor to correct it?
What a strange exercise of power would such a
state of things entail upon the country!
It must be recollected, sir, that this is not a Gov-
ernment possessed of any residuary powers.
When a political community organizes its institu-
tions, it gives to its Government all the power
which is not withheld. Such Government is the
representative body of the community holding in
trust the powers of its constituents. This is the
theory of all governments derived immediately
from the people. But when sovereign States as-
sociate together for certain specific purposes con-
nected with their internal ana external prosperity
and defense, the Government thus instituted pos-
sesses only the power that is expressly granted to
it. The people and the States composing the Con-
federation are the residuary holders of the powers
not granted. This general view is fortified by the
express provisions of our Constitution, which re-
serves to theStates and to the people all the rights
not ceded by them to the General Government.
It is to the Constitution, therefore, that we must
look in order to ascertain what we can do in any
given case. If the power is granted, we can ex-
ercise it without or against the consent of any par-
ticular State, and if it is not, the assent of even all
the States cannot give it, unless that assent takes
the form of a change of the Constitution in the
mode itself points out. Without that, you cannot
touch a single comma even of our great charter;
and yet if this new doctrine is established, it be-
comes a mere face of wax, which any one State
may mould at its pleasure. So far as I recollect,
the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] is cor-
rect when he says that there is but one provision
in the Constitution which requires the assent of a
State to the action of Congress, and that is where
exclusive jurisdiction issoughtto be obtained over
sites for the construction of forts, arsenals, and
other needful buildings.
If the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] who
has charge of the bill, and is no more anxious for
the accomplishment of the object than I am, will
change the terms so that the road, where it passes
through any State, shall be made under the au-
thority of the Legislature upon principles now
familiar to our Legislature upon this subject,I, for
one, will cheerfully agree to grant any reasonable
amount of public land which may be necessary.
And with respect to that portion of the road be-
tween whatever State bordering on the Missis-
sippi it may traverse, and California, being the do-
main of the United States, 1 will vote for land and
money to such an amount of both as will insure
the work. The difficulty that meets me is not one
of cost, but of constitutionality. By this meftns
we avoid all objections, leaving to the State gov-
ernments to act within the legitimate sphere of
their operations, while our own action ia confined
to the public domain, which, by the Constitution,
we have full right to regulate and dispose of. As
a practical question, I have not the slightest doubt
that this arrangement would give us the road,arid
it seems to me that those in favor of the meas-
ure take upon themselves great responsibility
when they reject this proposition. Why, air, it
is more favorable than the bills we have before had
reported upon this subject, for they provided noth-
ing-but land, while this makes a similar provision
in the States; and in the immense desert coun-
try through which the road must pass, and where
its construction would be most difficult and ex-
pensive, avast amount of money is granted in ad-
dition to the land; and I am perfectly willing to
increase the quantity of land lying in either of the
States through which the road may pass, to any
reasonable amount, if it can be shown that the
quantity herein granted will be found insufficient
for the purpose; and besides, in any view, the
grant of land and money, within the Territories,
will insure the construction of the road over the
most difficult and extensive portion of the route;
and who can doubt, that if made there, it would
soon work its way east and west to the proper
termini ? That result is sure. This partial exe-
cution of the work would inevitably and speedily
lead to the execution of the whole. Better, far
better, take this than nothing.
I trust, sir, that this common-sense view of the
subject will be taken by the friends of the bill, and
that this great measure will not be rejected because
all its details cannot conform to the wishes of every
individual Senator.
The effort to procure a grant of money for the
construction of a canal at the Sault Ste. Marie has
been referred to, and I must confess that I do not
comprehend how any member who voted against
that proposition on the ground of its unconstitu-
tionality, can vote for this road in a State. The
difference between that case and this is a very ob-
vious one, and very obviously in favor of the grant
there and against it here. A canal at the Sault
Ste. Marie will open a communication with Lake
Superior, almost every foot of whose southern
coast is owned by the United States. Of course such
a work, by facilitating intercommunication, would
greatly enhance the value of a vast amount of pub-
lic property. The canal must run through the
land of the United States. There is not an inch
on the route which does not belong to the Gen-
eral Government. The bill for its construction
assumed no jurisdiction whatever. It claimed no
legal attribute for the canal, no right to condemn
property, no penalties for its protection, nothing,
indeed, looking even to jurisdiction. Itwastobea
cut of aboutthree quarters of a milein extent, which
the United States was just as competent to make,
as to dig a mill-race or a ditch upon the site of an
arsenal, or upon any portion of the public proper-
ty. It was a measure looking to the increase of
the value of the property, and especially desirable
as a means of defense for a distant and exposed
frontier, tiy opening a ship communication between
ourgreatinland seas, which would enable our naval
forces to pass from one to the other without
interruption, thus avoiding the necessity of hav-
ing two fleets instead of one. But what is this
proposition ? It assumes the right to lay out and
establish a road through a State, not over the land
of the General Government, but over all land,
condemning it, if necessary,and givingtosuch road
all the legal attributes of a highway, to be enforced
in the courts of the United States. And yet, gen-
tlemen who saw no power to grant money for
the Sault Ste. Marie canal, find in the Constitu-
tion the right to enter a State, and exercise powers
there never conferred upon Congress.
A few words more and I leave the subject. We
have heard it said in this discussion that this
road may not run through a State at either its
eastern or western termination. I suppose it is
the object of every member who supports this meas-
ure, to make a useful and practicable road from
the Mississippi, or from some accessible point near
it, through California, to thePacific ocean. I sup-
pose if this route is not followed, that we shall fail
in the great object we are seeking to obtain. No
man acquainted with the country, or who will look
at the map, can doubt this. And a road we must '
have by such a route and such termini as a proper
investigation may point out. We have heard
