1853.
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
713
bv me was designed mainly for this purpose: to
call the attention of the Senate to the impossibility
at this time, and with the degree of information
which we possess, to determine upon the proper
termini and the proper route. Thedebate which
followed answered that purpose. It was my opin-
ion that we had not sufficient information to en-
able us to determine those important questions,
and in that opinion I found myself sustained by
the concurrent judgment of the Senate. We all
airree as to this. The simple question then re-
maining was this: Shall we obtain the information
necessary to form an intelligent opinion, or shall we
concede to the President the power of determining
as to these important questions, and contracting,
also, for the construction upon such terms, and
with such company as he may see fit f That ques-
tion was presented by the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, which I sustained.
I have disclaimed from the beginning, and I dis-
claim now, everything like a sectional considera-
tion. , . , ,
The Senator from Arkansas who sits before me,
[Mr. Borland,] made an able and elaborate speech
the other day, m support of what is known as the
New Mexican route for this road. Had he not a
ri"ht to do so ? Was it not his duty to do so, if
he believed that route entitled to the preference?
Have I not the right, and is it not my duty to in-
dicate and defend another route, if I believe it the
best ? Is it not obvious that the natural result of
debate, of the comparison of opinions, and of
facts, will be the selection of the best and cheapest
route'? Ascertaining that we have not the informa-
tion necessary to an intelligent determination, is it
not our duty, without bandying the epithets " free-
soiler,"" fire-eater,""compromiser,' orthelike,
to possess ourselves of the requisite knowledge,
and then as Senators—as American Senators, with
a broad and comprehensive regard to the interests
of the whole country—determine the important ,
questions connected with this subject? 1 believe
we ought. I believe we can.
I do not propose to say anything further at this
time. I trust that the bill may be reported to the
Senate without further delay. 1 then desire a vote
by yeas and nays upon one proposition—the
amendment moved by the Senator from Connect-
icut authorizing contracts with corporations cre-
ated by the States. .
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from Ohio has
alluded to the remarks which I made yesterday on
the subject of the route of this road. He said I
had a right to make those remarks, and to show i
that that was the proper route; and he claims the -
same right to speak of the route which he thinks
is the best. But there is this simple difference be- ;
tween the position assumed by myself, and that
assumed by the Senator from Ohio: I did ex-
press an opinion that the route which I indicated
was the proper one, and I gave my reasons for it;
but I certainly made no proposition to give mat
opinion the force of legislative enactment, and to
decide by the voice of the Senate that such should
be the route in preference to all others. On the
other hand, the Senator from Ohio has sought by
legislative enactment to give his opinion the force
of law, and to make it binding upon the country.
I sought no such thing. I do honestly believe, and
such study as I have been able to give the geogra-
phy of the country as developed before us, satis-
fies me that the route along the valley of the Ca-
nadian, by the village of Albuquerque, and on
through those valleys of the mountains, and
through Walker's Pass, is the proper route, and
•will be the route selected when the country comes
to be actually surveyed and measured for the pur-
pose. I am sure no one can suppose that I am
less favorable, less anxious that the road should
take that route than any Senator on this floor,
whether he comes from the extreme South, or fur-
ther North than I live; but believing that that is the
best route, and desiring it as I do, that is the very
reason why 1 go for the bill in its present form,
leaving the route to be fixed by actual survey.
We do not, as some Senators seem to suppose,
place it at the discretion of the President to say
where this road shall go; but we put it in his
power, and we make it his duty to avail himself
of competent persons to survey and ascertain all
the facts in relation to the various routes, and then
I with others, have sufficient confidence in his
candor, fairness, and judgment, to say which route
the road shall take. On that ground I vote for the
bill as it is, not fixing any particular route or ter-
minus.
Mr. BADGER. As there seems not to be any
idea of coming to a conclusion upon the amend-
ments, and a vote upon the bill to-day, and as,
following the illustrious examples which have been
set, I have made up my mind, though reluctantly,
to say a word or two on the bill, conforming to the
general pleasure of the Senate, I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. RUSK. I hope not.
Mr. BUTLER. I understand that the honor-
able Senator from North Carolina, who has not
spoken on the subject, wishesan opportunity
Mr. BADGER. I do not care anything about
the opportunity of speaking. 1 am very willing
to vote, if we can do it; but I do not want to sit
here and hear speeches made when there is no ne-
cessity for them, and when their only effect is to
consume time.
Mr. SMITH called for the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn; and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 27; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bright, Brooke, Butler, Charl-
ton, Cooper, Dawson, f)e Saussure, Fitzpatrick, Foot,
Hamlin, Hunter, Mason, Norris,Pearce, Pettit, Soul£, and
Toucpv >18. «
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bell, Borland, Brod-
bead, Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Fish, Geyer, Gwiij, Houston, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Ten
nessee, Miller, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Smith,
Spruance, Sumner, Underwood, Wade, Walker, and Wel-
ler—27.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Miller
in the chair.) The question now is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge.]
Mr. BADGER. Oti that question I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I understood that the hon-
orable Senator from Iowa withdrew his amend-
ment.    ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays have been ordered, and the amendment can-
not now be withdrawn.
The question being taken by yeas and.nays on
the amendment, resulted—yea 1, nays 40; as
follows:
YEA—Mr. Pettit—1. „ , _ „ _
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bell, Bor-
land, Bradbury, Bright, Brodhead, Brooke, Cass, Charlton,
Chase, Davis, Dawson, De Saussure, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Fetch, Fish, Fitzpatnck, Foot,
J Geyer, Gwin, Hamlin, Hou-ton, Hunter, Jones of Iowa,
Jones of Tennessee, Miller, Rusk, Seward,.Shields, Smith,
Sumner, Toucey, Underwood, Wade, Walker, and Weller
—40.
j So the amendment was rejected.
The substitute reported by Mr. Rusk, from the
j Select Committee as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as in
1 Committee of the Whole. The question will be
j taken on them altogether, unless some Senator de-
sires a division.
Mr. CHASE. I desire to except the amend-
ment which was made in the fifth section, on the
motion of the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Smith.]
The P
I friends that it is the best which they can pursue,
if they be anxious to see the end of this debate.
Mr. BADGER. I think that now, at all events,
the friends of the bill ought not willingly to yield
when the application is enforced by the honorable
Senator with a threat, that the time will be con-
sumed and the bill lost. To ask a thing, and to
threaten, are very different things.
Mr. RUSK. I have not the slightest disposi-
tion to press any measure improperly upon a mi-
nority; but one thing is very eviaent, that if this
bill, with these amendments, goes over, it will be
just as much a defeat of the bill as though every
vote were against it. That, in my opinion, is un-
questionable.
Mr. SOULE. I have a word to say in answer
to the honorable Senator from North Carolina. I f
I understood him aright, he thought he saw a
threat in the words I have just used.
Mr. BADGER. I think so.
Mr. SOULE. And he intimated that on that
account the friends of the bill should not yield to
my application. No, sir; I am not of those who
indulge in threats; and for a very obvious reason,
that I ever mean to carry out tne design which a
threat would but idly imply. I am a man of
I action, and but very little a man of words, as my
| course here must have shown. If there were any
! threats here, they were in the fact of the majority
Dressing this bill upon the minority, at so late an
our, and after we have been in session six entire
hours. There may be a threat in the attempt at
driving us by exhaustion to a hasty conclusion of
the debate, and to that threat I am by no means
disposed to yield.
I repent again that I had no intention to impede
the progress of this bill. On the contrary, I think
I have exhibited every inclination to let it have its
-'RESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be reserved .
Mr. SOULE. I think the bill should now be
printed with the amendments made to it, in order
that we may have an opportunity of seeing it on
Monday morning in its present shape.
Several Senators. No! No!
Mr. SOULE. Do honorable Senators mean to
force a vote on it to-night?
Severn! Senators. We do.
Mr. SOULE. If they do, they will find them-
selves mistaken.
Mr. GWIN. We do not wish to force, but we
desire to have a vote.
Mr SOULE. The minority have exhibited no
willingness to throw unnecessary obstacles in the
way of its passage; but if an attempt is made
to exert an undue pressure upon its course, the
majority must be prepared to miss its object to-
night I wish merely to see the bill printed in its
present form, that I, as well as those who feel in-
clined towards it like myself, may know how.
.stands as amended. No great delay can result
from such a course, and I would suggest to its
proper course, and be brought to a fair test; yet it
is known that I had in mind to propose a substi-
tute to it before the debate was closed, and that
substitute was no other than the Whitney scheme,
which I presumed might meet with a favorable
reception at the hands of those who have sincerely
at heart the success of the great measure through
which is to be effected the connection of the two
oceans; and notwithstanding my decided prefer-
ence for that scheme, which I am sure would re-
lieve the undertaking from the constitutional diffi-
culties, which, in the shape it assumes in this bill,
it so obviously presents, seeing the temper of the
i Senate and the eagerness with which the majority
! seems determined to compel us to a vote, I had
' resolved to abstain from pressing its consideration.
So little was I inclined to squander away pre-
cious time in trying what, from all appearances,
I was bound to consider as an idle attempt, yet
not even this could induce indulgence on the part
i of the majority. Now, sir, we ask of the sober
! sense of honorable Senators whether it be proper,
whether it be right, to exact of us compliance with
their impatience and hurry, in a matter of so vast
! a moment as that now in debate, involving ques-
tions of portentous import, and suggesting scru-
ples like those which have been so eloquently de-
lineated by the distinguished Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Cass.] I hope, sir, the ultimate vote,
so eagerly sought after by the friends of the bill,
will not be insisted upon, and the bill will be per-
mitted to go to the printer. Let that be done,
and I shall be satisfied with registering my sense
of the disasters which it betokens for the future,
in a manner which will, at least, protect my re-
sponsibility, and give ease to my conscience.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President the honorable
Senator from Louisiana when he was up before,
said with a significance that could not be misun-
derstood, that the friends of this bill would find,
if they refused what was asked, that they were
not adopting the most favorable mode of get-
ting this bill through. His language was, they
could not seethe end of debate. I understood,
as I suppose every member of this body un-
derstood by that expression, that the honorable'
; Senator meant to say that if what he asked was
not granted, the debate would he protracted for
the purpose of defeating the bill. Now, it is a
mere question about terms to say whether that
1 was a threat or not. The honorable Senator may
call it bv what name he pleases. It was an inti-
mation that we should do what he asked, or sus-
tain an inconvenience to be inflicted upon us if we
did not That, I think, involves what people in
the ordinary use of the English language, under-
