1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to require that before any such Herculean task as
this be undertaken—before this Government is
committed to any great "job" like this, the pre-
liminary inquiry, at least, should be gone through
with of, Where is it to stop ? Where is it to end ?
How much is it to cost per mile? What is to be
the aggregate cost? &c. Thesearequestions asked
by any prudent man in the management of his
own, or the affairs of the public; and until they
are answered, as contemplated by the amendment
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, which has been
voted down, my vote will not be given for the
measure.
This thing of turning a corporation, com-
manding as much of the Army of the United
States as they call for, loose, to run when and
where they please, committing the General Gov-
ernment to foot all the bills they may create, will
not meet with my sanction. I have seen similar
experiments made on the credit of some of the
States of this Union, and the result points out my
duty in this case. I am sorry that I cannot
agree with many here, who look upon this bill,
and the questions it raises, in a different light from
myself; and I am equally sorry to find that those
who differ with me are likely to command strength
to pass the bill; but my hope is, if pass here it
must, that the other branch of Congress will be
found against it, but if not, thatthePresident will,
as I believe he ought, regard the measure as fraught
with dangerous results, and as imposing upon him
duties and responsibilities unauthorized aqd im- I
proper for him to discharge. !
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, it was not
my intention to open my mouth upon this bill,
nor do I design to make any extended remarks at
this time. I have listened on several occasions to
political lectures, or doctrinal lectures, as to De-
mocracy and Whiggery, and the schisms that may
exist in those respective political churches. I am
disposed, as much as any individual, to listen to
them; but when I exercise my best judgment, in
voting for any measure, in conformity with what
I believe to be the constitutional powers of this
Government, I do not think it is perfectly deco-
rous that I should be reproached with having de-
parted from the strict line of Democratic faith.
Mr. President, I have not seen a more clear and
conclusive conformity to the doctrines laid down
in General Jackson's Maysville road veto message,
than this bill lays down. General Jackson laid
down the principle, that the General Government
had power to make a work of this kind, where it !
was necessary to carry out the provisions of the
Constitution, and where it was of a national, and
not of a local character. That doctrine was recog-
nized by Mr. Monroe, upon the occasion of the cor-
rection of his former impressions; and Mr. Mon-
roe, during his administration, acted upon that
principle. Now, if gentlemen can find in the Mays-
ville veto message anything but the most conclu-
sive approval of this bill, I must acknowledge
that I am stultified. To my mind, it appears to
be in strict conformity with the doctrines there
announced by Gen. Jackson. Is this a local road?
Is it confined in its operation to a State? Is it not
national, and for public and general use? Is it not
forming a connection between California and the
Atlantic, important to the general well-being of
this Union; and without some connection can
those parts exist as one and the same country ?
They are now detached from each other, and the i
object of this bill is to bring those sections of the
Union together.
Sir, I was sorry to hear the Senator from Michi-
gan [Mr. Cass] say that California could not be
detached by any convulsion which might arise in
the event of a war. That was his idea; that no
inconvenience could arise from that source; that
California could not be disturbed or invaded or in-
jured, or her commerce destroyed, if we had no in- '
termed late connection with her by land. The idea 1
was, that she could not be blockaded by a portion
of the English, or any other foreign navy, sufficient
to destroy her commerce, and starve out her peo-
ple. If it could be done, would they not make
peace the best way they could ?
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator will allow
me to say_ that that was not my idea at all. I did
not say a'word about commerce; but I said that
all Europe could not conquer California.
Mr. HOUSTON. Lai me say to the honorable
gentleman that necessity, growing out of starva-
tion, has a most potent influence, and that very
715
j, few human sympathies or feelings can withstand
1 its invasive force; so that I do not care whether
! or not he relies on the loyalty of the people of
i California. I grant he has a right to rely on their
: loyalty, and they deserve the countenance and the
' support of the Federal Government the more on
that account. But I do insist that when gentlemen
in this body, in relation to a point of doctrine,
political or constitutional, differ, they have a riglit
to do so. Their regard for their former consist-
ency of character, if they have it, and their account-
ability to their constituents, are sufficient respon-
sibilities and sufficient rods to hold over them,
without rebukes in this Chamber, and I shall have
■ none of them. When I can take a retrospection of
thirty years, and cha'lenge a strict scrutiny into my
Democratic votes and principles, I will not allow
myself to be arraigned on this floor as schismatic
on this particular bill, especially when General
Jackson, the champion of Democratic principles,
as pure as Jefferson, has laid down the doctrine
by wnich I am guided, if my understanding can
comprehend his language. 1 shall vote for the bill.
Air. SEWARD. I find myself under the ne-
cessity of making a speech, which is to inform the
Senate that my respected colleague has paired off
with the Senator from Maine.
Mr. ADAMS. I beg Jeave to say, that I have
paired off with the Senator from North Carolina.
[Mr. Badger.]
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I beg leave again to re-
mind the Senate that I have paired off with the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard.] And I
beg leave to state, furthermore, that but for that \
engagement I should vote in the negative on this j
amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY. • I shall not vote for this '
amendment, because I have paired off with the |
Senator from New York, [Mr. Fish.] i
The question being then taken by yeas and nays I
on the amendment, resulted—yeas 22, nays 20; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bright, Brodhead, Cass,
Charlton, Dawson, De Saussure, Douglas, Felch, Fitzpat-
rick, Geyer, Hamlin, Hunter, Mason, Norris, Pearce,
Pettit, Shields, Hnule, Toucey, Walker, and Weller 22.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Borland, Brooke, Chase, Davis,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Foot, Gwin, Hous-
ton, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Miller, Rusk,
beward, Smith, Spruanee, Sumner, Underwood, and
V\ ade—20. '
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I have labored I
very much to bring into proper shape a bill to
authorize the building of a railroad from the Mis-
sissippi river to the Pacific ocean. I thought the
special committee had agreed upon one which
would accomplish that object. I think so yet. I
have been charged with violating the principles of
Democracy in the provisions of this bill. I have
been charged with making an assault upon the
Constitution of the United States. I have been
here ready to show that I was as clearly within
the pale of Democracy as Mr. Jefferson, Mr.
Madison, and General Jackson; but my anxiety
> for the passage of the bill has prevented me from
wasting time in debate. Sir, there are new lights
growing up in Democracy. New apostles have
taken up and arranged the creed, and they would
j read me out of the party. Sir, they would do
j, more. If Madison, Jefferson, and Jackson were
i here, they would read those distinguished men out
11 of the party. They have asserted doctrines here
which would make the Constitution an impracti-
; cable instrument for purposes of national defense
! and general prosperity, and convert this Govern-
! ment into a great corporation to collect money and
divide spoils.
j Sir, I have heard a great many professions of
j friendship for the objects of this bill. I have made
j none, preferring to vote rather than speak. I have
1 attempted to render its provisions efficient, fair,
and just to the whole country. I am much obliged
to the friends who have stood around me, espe-
cially to the committee. I am sorry that some pro-
fessed friends of the bill have not stood by it long
enough to pass it. I regret that the lateness of
the hour does not authorize me now to trespass
upon the patience of the Senate, so far at least as
to answer some of the denunciations which have
been made against this bill, and which I could an-
swer without much trouble. Sir, in place of as-
saulting the Constitution of the United States, I
have sworn to support it; and let me say, that he
as much violates it who fails to afford its protec- I
| ''-j1'? ,eveiry State of this Union, and every indi-
j vidual in the community, though he may be thou-
sands of miles off, as he that asserts powers that
, are not within it. The bill, however, by the adop-
( tion of this amendment, is disjointed
Mr. GWIN. Destroyed.
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir; destroyed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Dead.
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir, dead. It will now build
no road to the Pacific, and, therefore, it is a useless
piece of paper. Under such circumstances, as it
! J8 "ow ]ate. and all are fatigued, I am not disposed
to trespass further on the Senate.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is now evident that the
measure which I had the honor to introduce to the
notice of the Senate is the only practicable one I
therefore now renew the amendment which I of-
fered some days ago, and which was voted down
by a small majority yesterday; and I will ask for
the yeas and nays upon it.
Several Senators. L?t us adjourn.
Mr. GWIN. I am going to move an adjourn-
ment as soon as I get through. Mr. President, I
indorse every word the Senator from Texas has
stated. I look upon the last vote as having de-
stroyed the bill, or any prospect of a bill establish-
ing a railroad to the Pacific during this session;
and, sir, entertaining that opinion, I cannot sit
i ?re,.'onSer and discuss the question on this day.
' I believe there is some gentleman who voted in
ji the majority, who, if we wait till Monday morn-
1 wgi may see the propriety of moving a reconsid-
eration of that vote, and I therefore now move
that the Senate adjourn.
j Mr. WELLER. Before the Senate adjourns,
, 1 desire to give notice that I shall on Monday
morning move to reconsider the voteon the amend-
! ment of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields.1
| Mr. DOUGLAS called for the yeas and nays
, on the motion to adjourn, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 17; as
follows:
YEAS-Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Borland, Brooke, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Felcli, Foot, Gwin, Ham-
lin, Jones oflowa, Miller, Pettit, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward,
22*1' sPruance) Sumner, Underwood, Wade, and Weller
NAYS-Messrs. Adatns> Bright, Brodhead, Charlton,
Chase, De Saussure, Douglas, Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Hunter.
Mason, Norris, Pearce, Shields, Sould, Toucey, and
Walker—17. '
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, at a
quarter to six o'clock, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 19, 1853.
The House met pursuant to adjournment.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The J ournal of yesterday was read andapproved.
Mr. KING, of New York. I move that the
House insist upon its disagreement to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill to prevent frauds
upon the Treasury of the United States, and ask
for the appointment of a committee of conference.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to; and Messrs. King, of New York,
, Chapman, of Connecticut, and Johnson, of Ten-
nessee, were appointed by the Speaker the con-
ferees on the part of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
, the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
I Union, for the purpose of finishing the civil and
diplomatic bill. It is of the utmost importance
that we should finish the bill to-day.
Mr. STUART. I ask the gentleman from Ala-
bama to waive his motion, and allow me to move
to take up and have passed a bill which will occu-
py but a few momenta, and which every one will
agree to. It is bill No. 465, to extend the pro-
visions of an act to amend an act entitled " An act
to authorize the sale of certain military sites," ap-
proved March 3, 1819. r
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I object to this
irregular way of getting at the business.
Mr. EDGERTON. As this is the last day, in
all probability, this session, that there will be an
opportunity of going into Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, I submit that mo-
tion.
The question was put, and the House refused
to go into Committee on the Private Calendar.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hops-
