716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
ton's motion, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Orr in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of House bill No. 337, making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1854.
The following section was then read:
'  For annual repairs and office fixtures of the custom-
houses of the United States, $-25,000."
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I have an amend-
ment which I desire to bring in prior to the close
of that section. I
[Cries of " Too late !" "Too late!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to it. We have
passed by the section and it is too late. It is im-
possible to get along if we recur to sections and
receive amendments out of order.
Mr. PULLER. I ad3resaed the Chair before
that section was read. It is a trivial amendment,
and no one can have any objection to it. It is
simply to allow the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay a balance of $200 due to the collector at Pas-
samaquoddy, which has been carried to the sur-
plus fund.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not hear
the gentleman from Maine, if he did address the
Chair. The Clerk passed beyond that section,
and has read the next paragraph, and the Chair
thinks it will not be in order to recur to the pre-
vious section, unless by the unanimous consent of
the House.
Several Members. I object.
The following section was then read:
" For salaries of ministers of the United States to Great
Britain, France, Russia, Prussia, Spain, Brazil, Mexico,
and Chili, $72,000."
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move to insert
after the word " salaries," the words, " and out-
fits." I beg leave to state that I am authorized, in
pursuance of the uniform practice of Congress, by
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, to introduce
several amendments. They are to enable the in-
coming Administration to change our present min-
isters abroad, if they shall see fit to do so. If they
do not, these outfits will not be drawn upon.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment and it was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY. I am instructed by thej Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs to insert after " Mex-
ico" the word " Peru."
I beg leave to say that the raising of these men
from a chargeship to a full mission, is made upon
the earnest recommendation of the President. In
a very interesting letter which Mr. Everett wrote
to me as chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, he states that our intercourse with Peru is
becoming exceedingly interesting. Among other
questions is the condition of the guano trade,
which is becoming one of vast importance to the
agricultural interests. Since the settlement ofCal-
ifornia all these Governments on the western coast
of America have become of increased interest to
us.
Mr. SKELTON. I rise to a Question of order,
that it is not competent in the appropriation bills,
to change the organic law of the country constitu-
ting: a full mission where we have a chargeship.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
Mr. HALL. All of our business has been
Froperly managed by the charges heretofore, and
hope the committee will reject this amendment.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and on a count, there were—ayes 67, noes
not counted.
Tellers weredemanded and ordered ;and Messrs.
Hart, and Parker of Pennsylvania, were ap-
pointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 72, noes 51.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY. I move to strike out $72,000
and insert $162,000.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY. I have an amendmenthere which
has not been formally submitted to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, because I did not get them
together to-day. It comes in as a separate para-
graph after the clause which is under considera-
tion, and I know that a majority of the committee
are in favor of it:
For salary and outfit of a minister to Central America,
to be accredited to such one or more of the Governments
included under that designation as the President of the
United States may designate, $18,000.
In presenting that amendment, I would also,
if I had the authority to do it, provide for his trav-
eling expenses from one Court to another, because
the traveling in that country is very expensive,
and they have to go under escort always.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask the gentleman
from Virginia if his amendment dispenses with
the chargeships to Central America?
! Mr. BAYLY. I will say that my own idea is,
i that we do not dispense with the chargeships, for
the reason that the incoming Administration may
not agree with the present Administration in
thinking that it is best to send one full minister.
: The President may think it best to retain the
chargeship. If he prefer the full minister, of
course he will not send out a charge d'affaires.
We can let him have the money, and if he does
not choose to send a charge, the money will not
j be expended. If he chooses to send a full mission,
; he will do it. I prefer to leave it in a condition in
which the incoming Administration may make its
! own election as to the best form of intercourse
with these South American Republics,
j Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 wish merely to suggest
I to the gentleman that I think his amendment ought
to be adopted, with a proviso, however, that in
j the event that this full mission shall be sent, the
! appropriation for chargeships shall be retained in
i the Treasury.
Mr. BAYLY. That is what I was about to
1 suggest. That will be the effect of the amendment,
, because the President will not send a charge and
a full minister to the same Court.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentleman
can provide for it in that part of the bill which
provides for a chargeship.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 prefer to put it in the proviso
after the clause under consideration.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The next clause was then read, as follows:
" For salaries of secretaries of legation to the same places,
$16,000."
Mr. BAYLY. I move to strike out " 16," and
insert " 20," because we have instituted two new
missions.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The following section was then read:
" For salaries of charges d'affaires to Portugal, Austria,
Denmark, Sweden, Holland, Belgium, Naples, Sardinia,
IJie Papal States, Peru, New Granada, Venezuela, Bue-
nos Avres, Bolivia, Guatemala, Ecuador, and Nicaragua,
$76,500."
Mr. BAYLY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs to insert after the word
" salaries" the words " and outfits." I have al-
ready explained the necessity of such an amend-
ment.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY. I move to strike out the word
" Peru."
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs to insert " Switzerland
and Greece"in that clause, and I shall move them
one at a time. I see that there is an indisposition
on the part of the committee to accord to its sug-
gestions, and I must have time to explain.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment had better
come in after the word " Ecuador."
Mr. BAYLY. That makes no difference, but
I move it to come in at that point. The Admin-
istration—and they are acting disinterestedly in
this matter, for it will bring no patronage to them
—have very recently recommended that we should
be represented at Switzerland by a charge d'af-
faires. Switzerland is the only important Repub-
lic on the continent of Europe, and we, the great
Republic of the world, are the only nation, it is be-
lieved, that is not represented at that Government.
It is a country of great interest. More than a thou-
sand American citizens annually travel through
the territory of Switzerland, and there is no dip-
lomatic agent there to whom they can appeal in
the event they should get into difficulties of any
sort.
Now, sir, my opinion is, that there is no money
spent by this Government which is better spent
than that which is devoted to the payment of our
foreign agents. The protection which they give
to our citizens, and the information which they
gather, is all of the most valuable character.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to op-
pose the amendment,because I think, that instead
of sending a charge d'affaires to Switzerland, we
ought to send a full minister. It is, as the gen-
tleman has said, the only important Republic on
the continent of Europe, and we ought to show
ourselves there in our full power and with all that
;'respect which is due to a sister Republic. I think
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs ought to make the change.
Mr. BAYLY. I have not done it because it is
not recommended by the Executive, and I think,
that with respect to foreign missions, great defer-
ence ought to be paid to the recommendations of
the Executive, who is charged with the manage-
ment of our foreign relations. I am therefore
officially opposed to the amendment suggested by
the gentleman from Tennessee, although person-
ally I am in favor of it.
I Mr. STANTON. Very well, sir; then I move
I to amend the amendment so as to provide for a
j full mission instead of for a chargeship.
; The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman reduce
i his amendment to writing?
Mr. STANTON. I shall have to put in a new
paragraph, so I will withdraw my motion for the
present.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to inquire of the Chair
if it will be in order to move to strike out a por-
tion of the original paragraph after the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia shall have
been passed upon ?
The CHAIRMAN. Of the preceding para-
graph ?
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir; of the paragraph
now under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it will
be in order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bayly's
amendment, and it was adopted.
Mr. BAYLY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs to move to amend that
paragraph by inserting the word "Greece." So
far as Greece is concerned, it is not only a coun-
try of great classic interest, but it is also one of a
i great deal of present commercial and utilitarian in-
II terest. With the single exception of the Anglo-
j' Saxon race, the Greeks are the best sailors in the
11 world, and at this hour, their navigation on the
Mediterranean is more important than that of any
other Power situated upon it. We have interest-
ing relations with that country,and the Committee
on Foreign Affairs are of opinion that we ought to
i be represented, at least by a charge d 'affaires, at a
kingdom where Russia, Prussia, and Great Britain
have embassadors.
Mr. STANLY. I am opposed to the amend-
' ment. I voted for the ministers at Peru, Switzer-
land, and Central America, because the incoming
Administration desire it and are entitled to it, and
< the outgoing Administration recommend it. But
| I do not understand the chairman of the Commit-
! tee on Ways and Means to say that the Admin-
|i istration recommends that we should send a
i! charge d'affaires to Greece, because of its classic
ii associations or its good sailors. Now, if this
may be considered necessary hereafter, let us wait
until the incoming Administration say it is neces-
sary. I do not think that the House ought to
take the responsibility of doing it on the mere mo-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, if the Administration does not recommend
it. I hope we shall have some further evidence
before we do it. That is all I wish to say.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I move to amend the
amendment of the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr. Bayly,] by add-
ing to the word " Greece," the words, " and the
Ionian Islands." Mr. Chairman, I offer this
amendment merely to give me an opportunity to
say a word in favor of the amendment just offered
by the honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly.]
Greece is, I believe, the only independent kins-
dom in Europe with whose Government our own
does not hold diplomatic intercourse. We are rep-
