1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
717
resented by full missions at the Courts of England ,
France, Spain, Russia, Prussia,and Turkey ,and
by charges in Austria, Sweden, Portugal, Lien-
mark, the Hague, Brussels, Turin, Naples, and
Rome. The latter mission was created within a
few years, and in a commercial aud political view,
is certainly inferior to that of Greece. Our coun-
try is increasing its commercial relations with every
quarter of the civilized world. Diplomacy, if it
does not precede, must necessarily follow the steps
of commerce.
England has for years carried on a profitable
commerce with the Ionian Islands and Greece, and
her policy is to monopolize the trade of those coun-
tries. The commerce of Greece now employs^
about three thousand vessels; her agricultural ex-
ports amount to about $13,000,000; her imports
about the same. The statistics of commerce and
navigation published by order of Congress for
1851, show that if these ports are not absolutely
shut to American merchants, yet that our trade is
much limited and restricted. At the same time
we do carry on a considerable commerce with the
Western Mediterranean. Sixteen vessels-during
that year arrived from Turkey and the Levant, of
an aggregate of 4,268 tons burden; and during the
same year twenty-five vessels cleared forTurksy,
Greece, and the Ionian Islands, (all American ves-
sels,) of an aggregate of 7,700 tons burden. Of
this number, however, only four were for the
Ionian Islands and Greece. The extent of this
trade with Turkey and the Western Mediterra-
nean, indicates something of the facilities which
Greece might afford for commerce under a favor-
able commercial treaty. That country is a large
consumer of cotton goods, and also of the raw ma-
terial of cotton as well as wool, and has many
manufactories now in successful operation. I be-
lieve all her cotton manufactured, as well as the
raw material, comes from England. The exports
of Greece are similar to those of Turkey—indigen-
ous to her own soil and climate, valuable, mar-
ketable articles here, and which do not come in
competition with our own products. Many other
reasons of a commercial nature will readily suggest
themselves.
There are political reasons why we should be
represented there. The late difficulty in regard to
the case of Dr. King is one of that kind. The
rights and liberty of an American citizen were
said to be involved, and Mr. Marsh was ordered
to leave his mission in Turkey to investigate the
case. The report is now on file with the Secreta-
ry of State, and Mr. Marsh is awaiting in Italy
dispatches from this Government in relation to the
matter. Marsh has already been several months
absent from Turkey on this matter, though in the
pay of the American Government as Minister
Resident at Constantinople; and I am not sure but
the custom is in such cases to allow him in ad-
dition the ordinary pay of a charge.
There are other political reasons growing out of
the circumstances connected with the independence
and nationality of Greece. Here i3 the example
of a country, the mother of civilization, of letters,
and of art, whose ancient language and literature
is taught in all our colleges and academies, after
ages of bondage, asserting and regaining its nation-
ality by revolution, vindicating its rights, in some
degree, at least, by asserting the republican prin-
ciple of the right of armed resistance. Considera-
tions of a similar nature during the popular move-
ments in Italy, suggested the sending of a charge
to Rome. _
Greece is now a separate nationality, and though
not a powerful, is certainly, in a comparative de-
gree, a prosperous nation. The sympathy of the
American people has always been strongly with
the Greeks, and it is but appropriate and just that
the American Government should express that
good feeling and sympathy in this way.
Thereare reasons growing out of the duty which
the Government owes in the protection of its citi-
zens abroad, and in extending its protection and
countenance over the American traveler and tour-
ist. This is really one of the main benefits arising
from our diplomatic system, and it will be read-
ily perceived that Greece is one of those coun-
tries most sought after by the tourist, the scholar,
and the antiquarian; and besides, it is oneof those
countries where a representative of the Govern-
ment is most desirable and beneficial. In Eng-
land, in France, and the more highly civilized
countries of Europe, one can get along much bet-
ter without these conveniences and facilities. John |
L. Stephens, the traveler, complained of the in- ]
convenience to the American citizen arising from I
the want of an American representative in Greece I
nearly twenty years ago, and all travelers have
complained of it since. Among the last of these
were the son and daughter of one of my constitu-
ents, (Colonel Zadock Pratt,) late a distinguished
member of this House, who were prevented from
being introduced to the Q,ueen, she refusing to
receive them through the consul, with whom she
had had a quarrel, and they declined to go alone.
The Americans are great travelers. History,
poetry, sympathy, takes the American traveler to
Greece. She is filled with the ruins of works of
art and of genius: her plains, her hills, her tem-
ples, and arches are consecrated by history. She
is on the road to th  sublime antiquities and myste-
ries of Egypt, and the land consecrated by our re-
ligion—by the Bible. American enterprise takes
and will take the American merchant there.
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, let me say that
there is one kind of intervention that we are all in
favor of: it is the intervention of mind operating on
mind. The Greek mind issurrounded by despotism
and darkness. May not the American mind and
institutions, operating on Greek genius, be made
to light up with their own light, Greece and her an-
cient temples of religion and of liberty, and thus
dispel the surrounding darkness ? Sir, if we are
! to intervene in the affairs of Europe, let it be done
j through our civil, social, and diplomatic intercourse
I with Europe—by extending our commerce and
travel, and by affording additional facility to them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BAYLY. I presume the gentleman from
New York does not mean to insist on his amend-
ment? . , ,
Mr. SUTHERLAND. Oh, no; I withdraw it.
• Mr. BAYLY. I ask for tellers on my amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chastain
and Hendricks were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
! ported only 33 in the affirmative.
I So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYLY. I now move further to amend
the clause by striking out " $76,500,"and insert-
ing " $153,000 " in lieu thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
' Mr. HUNTER. The committee have decided
■ I in favor of a full mission to Central America. I
therefore move to amend this paragraph by add-
ing thereto the following proviso:
Provided, That if a full minister is sent by the President
to the Central Ainpricaii States, (he chargiSships in said
States shall become vacant.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman from Ohio can
offer his amendment if he chooses, but I shall not
do it myself, because it would put me in a very
curious position to move to abolish n chargeship
at a place where we should send a full minister.
Why the appointment of the minister, ipso facto,
supersedes the chargeship. Who ever heard of a
country being permanently represented at a Court
by a minister and a charge, 1 should dislike very
much to see such a provision as that inserted in
the civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend by striking
! from the paragraph of the bill providing for the
i salaries of the charges d'affaires, "the State of,
] Nicaragua." . . (
' Mr. Chairman, we have provided in this bill ;
I for a full mission to Central America, which con- i
' 8!8ts of five States, viz: Costa Rica, Nicaragua,
Honduras, Guatemala, and San Salvador. Now,
Central America has at times been a confederated
Republic like that of the United States ofAmerica;
j but it is now proposed to leave in the bill, as it
! stands, two of these States, Guatemala and Nic-
I aragua, so that if the section passes in its present
I Rhape, we shall have provided for a full mission to
, Central America, and for charges d'affaires to
! these two States besides. That will lie the effect
I of the provision. It will then be in the power of
j the incoming Administration, ifthey desire—and it
1 will be legitimate action under this bill—to send a
full mission to the Confederation known as Cen-
tral America, and then send charges to Guatemala
and Nicaragua. Now, if there be any sense in
having a full mission in Central America, we
should no more recognize these separate States of
Guatemala and Nicaragua as separate States, than
we should recognize South Carolina and Alabama, ,
if missions were to be sent from foreign nations
to them as parts of this Confederacy. I do not
object to giving Central America a full mission; I
think it may be desirable; I think a minister
plenipotentiary may travel to advantage all over
Central America among the different States resi-
dent at the different seats of Government; but
when a full mission is established, I do object to
providing charges d'affaires to Guatemala and
Nicaragua. Both are comparatively insignificant
States, and a full mission being made to Central
America, we ought not to subject ourselves to the
expense of sending charges there.
Mr. BAYLY. I am surprised that the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] considering
his usual accurate knowledge upon such subjects,
should undertake here in the House of Represent-
atives of the United States to say that there is a
central government in Central America. Why,
sir, if that is true, how is it that we are represent-
ed at Guatemala as an independent nation, and
also represented at Nicaragua as another inde-
pendent State?
Mr. BROOKS. I say at times there is a cen-
i tral government there. These States are revolu-
I tionary.
I Mr. BAYLY. That is true; but it is not so
; now. There is no central government there now;
1 but if the Administration should send a minister
plenipotentiary under this appropriation,he would
be accredited as such to Nicaragua, and at the
same time to Costa Rica, and the other three
States. These States are separate and distinct,
and our minister must be accredited to each of
the governments of these States, and he will
travel from one to the other as the eccasion may
require. If he is accredited to Central America,
of course the charge d'affaires to Nicaragua and
Guatemala will be superseded.
J I have no objection to this provision being
' made, if made by others; but I am unwilling to
put myself in the position of moving to strike out
these States, or to put in a proviso that if a minister
, is sent there, a charge shall not be sent to the same
i place. If the minister is sent there, the office of
| charge will be superseded, as a matter of course,
j It must be so, as a matter of course,
j Mr. BROOKS. With the consent of the com-
! mittee, 1 will withdraw my amendment.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. HUNTER. I now ask for a vote upon
my amendment.
It was read, as follows:
-- Provided, That if the President of the United States
shall send a full minister to Central America, the charge
d'affaires to the said States sliali lie abolished."
Mr. STANLY. I ask my friend from Ohio to
withdraw that amendment for a moment, to allow
me to move to strike out Guatemala and Nicara-
gua, in this section, which I think will accom-
plish the object he has in view better than the
amendment he offers.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the better plan is to
accomplish it by a proviso. I disagree with the
gentleman from North Carolina entirely.
Mr. STANLY. Very well. Let the vote be
taken upon the gentleman's amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was disagreed to—ayes 32, noes not counted.
Mr. STANLY. I now move to strike out of
this paragraph, the words "Guatemala and Nic-
aragua." l-n-.L
It seems to me we will have no difficulty about
this amendment. We have, in a previous section
in this bill, inserted the words " Central Amer-
ica," and provided for a full mission there with a
salary of $9,000, in accordance with the recom-
mendations made by the President in his commu-
! nication to this House on yesterday, and that of
the Secretary of State, which were published in
the city papers of this morning—the Republic and
Intelligencer. It has been said that if this minis-
ter is sent there, these charges will not be contin-
ued. That may be so; but the President certainly
has the right to continue them. The Secretary of
State contends that the charge to Guatemala is
not to be sent, for reasons which it is not now ne-
cessary to go into. He is at home. Well, then,
what is the condition of the charge at Nicaragua?
He is still there; and if this section remains in its
present form, the incoming Administration ean, if
, it chooses, either continue him there or recall him
