1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
725
ment in addition to that el useof the bill. I move J
the following:
For repairing Long Bridge across the l'otomac river
$2'l,Ul)0.
Mr. Chairman, the gentlemen of this com-
mittee are aware that a portion of this bridge has
been washed away, and, as the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Houston] has stated, the gap is
filled by a ferry-boat entirely inadequate to meet
the wants of the case. Now, sir, that bridge is
the property of the Government. When the Gov-
ernment obtained possession of that property, it
did it with the purpose and pledge of making it
a free bridge. It had before that time been a toll
bridge. The uses of that structure are well known
to every man upon this floor who casts hia eye in
that direction. It is valuable as a link of connec-
tion between this city and the southern portions
of the country. But this point is familiar to all.
The whole community, including thousands in its
scope, are in the daily use of this communication,
and the necesssity of this repair is very pressing.
Objection was made at the last session to the
repair of this bridge, because it had been said that
it affected the health of the upper end of Wash-
ington city, and injured the navigation of the river
to Georgetown. Now, I am sure a moment's re-
flection will convince any one that there is no force
in this objection as applied to this amendment,
because the repairs of the bridge will involve no
more filling up of the river than will take place
with the bridge remaining in its present condition.
It will not cause the filling up of the river at George-
town more than it does in its present condition,
and unless the Government goes to the expensive
outlays of taking away the whole structure, there
can be no reason based upon these objections for
opposing this amendment.
Whenever this river is frozen, as was the case
during the last winter, this bridge affords the only
means of communication between this city and the
southern portion of the Union. The Government
of the United States require its existence, and pri-
vate uses require its existence.
Now, sir, $30,000 will put that bridge in a con-
dition for use. It in nowise conflicts with the pro-
ject which has been mentioned for constructing a
permanent structure in another point. The fact
that neither of the committees, to which numer-
ous petitions have been long since referred, has
had an opportunity to report upon the subject, has
prevented this subject from being pressed before
Congress. But, sir, the duty which this Govern-
ment owes to the city of Washington, which ia
a creature of its will, and the index of national
growth and prosperity, is another reason which I
hope will aid to induce this* House to make the
appropriation which is necessary for its uses.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SACKETT. I move to increase the amend-
ment $5,000. I move this amendment for the
purpose of enabling the Commissioner of Public
Buildings—who I believe is the proper officer to do
this thing—to open such water-waya as are ne-
cessary to secure, in the first place, the bridge itself,
and in the next place, to prevent the ill-health
which arises from the partial damming up of the
stream by the bridge. Experience has shown
that the dam formed by the bridge, in the first
place, perils the bridge itself, and in the next place,
forms a marsh around the bridge which causes
much sickness, and which ought to be provided
against.- I hope, if the appropriation is made, it
will be made to such an amount as will enable the
proper officer to open such water-ways through
that bridge, as are necessary for the free flow of
the water; but not to change the course of the
stream, and to prevent the formation of that
marsh, which we all know is forming, greatly to
the prejudice of the health of this city. I therefore
move to increase the amount $5,000, with that
Mr. AVERETT. 1 rise, sir, to oppose this
amendment, not because I am decided, in my
opinion, in regard to the propriety or impropriety
of repairing this bridge, but because there is a
conflict of opinion between the people of George-
town and the people of Washington, in regard to
it. Georgetown contends that her navigation is
obstructed, her commerce injured, and the health
of her people endangered by it. Washington
contends tnat it is not so—that the nuisance of
which Georgetown complains results not from the
bridge, but from other causes in operation before
it was constructed. Now, sir, while this conflict
of opinion, petition, and remonstrance exists, I
do not think it wise to appropriate one cent to this
object. If it be a nuisance, as Georgetown con- 1
tends, we ought to abate it. But before we move
a peg, or appropriate a cent, we ought to inform
ourselves as to the facts of the case. We are not 11
so informed. Both sides have been heard before
the Committee on the District of Columbia, and j
that committee have not yet come to any decision J
in the matter. Whether the alluvial accumula-
tions and marshy state of the shores near George-
town are produced by the bridge or not, is an im-
portant question, which ought to control our ac- i
tion. We have not the information to enable us
to decide it understandingly. |
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the gentleman j
a queslion, and it is this: Whether it is not true
that the whole subject-matter is before a committee
of the Senate for them to investigate? They are
investigating the proper position for a bridge, and
the manner in which it shall be built.
Mr. AVERETT. That is so, I believe. Let
that investigation go on. I will not vote a dollar
to this bridge until we can have the lights of a
thorough investigation. I am not prepared to say
which side is right, and which wrong.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Sickett, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. GORMAN. I move to reduce the appro-
priation one dollar. I do not propose to debate it,
but the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Strother]
doubts whether he has a right to move to amend
his own proposition, and I make the motion to
give him an opportunity to oppose it, and present
his views to the House.
Mr. STROTHER. I desire, in opposir.g the
amendment of my friend from Indiana, to detain
the House but a moment with a statement of a
fact or two, in answer to the objections of my col-
league, [Mr. Averett,] and to the inquiries of the
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means.
My colleague said that the city of Georgetown
is materially injured by the flats created by this
bridge.
Mr. AVERETT. I beg leave to correct my
colleague. 1 did not assert that. I said that there
was a conflict of opinion between Georgetown and
Washington, as to the fact whether tt is a nui-
sance or not. I do not adopt one opinion or the
other. My point is, that as there is a doubt about
it, Congress ought not to make an appropriation
until the doubt is solved. I do not know, neither
does this House, whether this bridge is a nuisance
or not.
Mr. STROTHER. I do not desire to misun-
derstand the gentleman; and the effect of his objec-
tion as stated by him, if successful, would be the
same as that of the most determined opposition.
Now, sir, whether this bridge is or ia not a nui-
sance, does this House intend to eradicate it ? Not
one member here entertains such a purpose. That
being the case, it will be no morea nuisance when
j repaired, than now, because the repairs necessary
will be of open work, which cannot cause the flats
or obstructions existing or apprehended. So that
the objection of Georgetown, as represented by
j my colleague, has no pertinence upon this ques-
| tion.
The chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means inquired if a Senate committee have not
in charge this question. Grant it, sir; but so have
two of the committees of this House, upon petitions
selit by me to each; yet is there a member here who
expects or hopes that the action of a committee
of the Senate, or of a committee of this House,
will assume any form other than that of an amend-
ment to an appropriation bill? Any attempt to
obtain legislation on this question in the form of a
bill cannot beavailable. The question resolves itself
into one simply whether the House will repair the
bridge or not ? Sir, it is the duty of this Hou se to
provide for the fulfillment of the obligations which
the Government owes to those persons from whom
they purchased this property, with the declaration
and pledge that they would maintain it. They
have repaired the bridge upon the Eastern Branch,
and when they did that, they covered the whole
question of duty and obligation, and are stopped
from objecting to this amendment, for the uses of
this bridge are more extensive, and its connection
with the surrounding country infinitely more im-
portant, than those across the Eastern Branch. It
reaches to, and grapple* with a territory larger in
population, and larger in the amount of production.
Besides that, this bridge is a post road of the Gov-
ernment. Mails reaching into important districts
pass along it. Why shall it not be repaired ? The
objections urged against it are shown to be un-
availing, its necessity and value manifest; the ob-
ligation upon the Government to make it, was
fully recognized by the action of *his Congress at
the last session in repairing the less important
bridges on the Eastern Branch, and opposition to it
must find its support only in prejudice.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GORMAN. I withdraw my amendment,
if there is no objection.
No objection was made, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. HEBARD. I propose to amend the amend-
ment, by adding the words—
As far as the northern line of the State of Virginia, when-
ever the State of Virginia shall raise and appropriate a sum
sufficient to complete the same from the south line of this
District to the south bank of the river.
Mr. STROTHER. With thegentleman's per-
mission, I will state a fact to him, which will take
away all point to his amendment. That bridge is
the property of the United States. They have
already the right of user to that shore of Virginia
for the continuance of this bridge for a mail route,
and for the purpose, under a pledge, of making it
a free bridge. The purchase was acquired under
those terms. Now, the damage caused by this
bridge is in the bed of the river, and not on the
shore of Virginia.
Mr. HEBARD. That was a point I had in my
mind. I supposed that when this bridge was
built, the southern shore of this river belonged to
i the District. That part of the District lying south
j of the river has been ceded back to the State of
Virginia. Now, I suppose, from the arguments
gentlemen have used here, that it beGomes a matter
j of importance to the State of Virginia to have this
bridge built for the benefit of the people of that
State. I do not suppose that the State of Virginia
would claim any privilege from this Government
by way of building their bridges, any more on
this than on any other river, because this river
happens to be contiguous to this District. I am
willing to vote appropriations for building a bridge
in that or in any other place, or for repairing that
bridge so far as it is within the jurisdictional limits
of this District, but I believe it is a matter of fair-
ness and propriety, that so much of the bridge as
lies beyond the jurisdiction of this District, should
be built by the State in which it lies.
This, sir, is all I desire to state in relation to
this matter. I believe it will address itself to the
proprietyand consideration of this House. I un-
derstand the State of Virginia to claim jurisdiction
of the river to the center of the stream, according
to the laws of jurisdiction and boundaries. If the
State of Virginia relinquishes her claim of juris-
diction to any part of the river, which I understand
she does not, then I would not insist on my amend-
ment 
Mr. SACKETT, (interrupting.) If the gentle-
man will allow me, I wish to ask him whether,
under the jurisdiction of Virginia, according to the
law existing between Maryland and Virginia, the
right of this District extends to the center of the
river, or whether it goes to the south line of the
river? I understand the latter is the law of the
case.
Mr. HEBARD. I so stated what I supposed
to be true, from my understanding of the matter.
I do not know, however, with certainty, how the
fact may be. I understand the river to be the
boundary line between Maryland and Virginia.
In that case no one will doubt that the center, or
deepest current of the stream, will be the line of the
State. Then why should not Virginia bridge her
own part of the river? If it is done by this Gov-
ernment, it must be as a matter of favor and a
mere gratuity to that State; and there would be as
much propriety in building a bridge across any
other river within the boundary of the State of
Virginia, as this.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentleman
admits that the Government ought to build a bridge
to the extent of the jurisdiction. I will state to
him that the extent of the jurisdiction of the Gen-
eral Government over this bridge is to the other
side, including the abutment there. Virginia has
I no jurisdiction over it or the abutment on its shore.
