1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
727
drawer now a very necessary bill which cannot
be reported. This $20,000 is needed, and I trust
the committee will adopt the amendment.
Mr. APPLETON withdrew his amendment.
The question was then tiken on Mr. Stroth-
kr's amendment, and there were—ayes 67, noes
58.
Mr. RICHARDSON demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Jones of Tennessee,
and Parker were appointed.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 79, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk then read the next clause, as follows:
" For the purchase of manure tor the public grounds,
$1,000."
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to amend the
preceding clause.
TheCHAIRMAN. The Chair regrets that the
gentleman did not rise soon enough, as the com-
mittee have passed by that section, and the gentle-
man cannot now move an amendment.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
facts. The Clerk finished the reading of the sec-
tion to which the gentleman refers, and then pro-
ceeded to read the next section, and had finished
the reading of it before the attention of the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. McMolli.v] was
called to it. The gentleman from Virginia pro-
poses to recur to that section, but the Chair de-
cides that it is out of order to do so, unless by the
unanimous consent of the House. The gentle-
man from Virginia takes an appeal; and the ques-
tion is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the committee?"
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The clause making appropriation for the an-
nual repair of the Capitol, &c., was read.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to add at the end
of that clause the following amendment:
And that twenty thousand dollars he appropriated, to
be expended tn removing the statue of the Indian in the
east portico, and in supplying its place with a statue of
America, to be executed by Hirain Powers, under the di-
rection of the President of the United States.
Mr. DUNHAM. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that the amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the same
opinion, and rules the amendment out of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If you can take up trees
and plant others, why not remove a statue ?
The CHAIRMAJN. The Chair cannot go into
an argument with the gentleman.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 take an appeal from the |
decision of the Chair. ;
TheCHAIRMAN. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] proposes an amendment, '
which was read in the hearing of the committee, j
The Chair decides the amendment to be out of or- [
der. From that decision the gentleman from North
Carolina appeals, and the question is, " Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee ?"
Mr. POLK. I wish to ask the gentleman from
North Carolina a question. Does he intend to
remove the woman and leave the man standing?
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. Is that to be the i
statue of •'Young America?" [Laughter.] !
The question was then taken on sustaining the
decision of the Chair, and it was decided in the
affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. STANLY. I wish to offer an amendment
to that clause, by directing that no more trees 1
called the alanthus tree shall be planted upon the ';
public grounds. They are unhealthy and the
odor is very offensive. I will send up the follow-
ing amendment:
Provided, That no more alanthus trees be purchased or
planted. :
The question was then taken on the amendment, ,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I offer the
following amendment, to come in at the end of that
clause:
Provided, That nothing in this or any other act of Con- ' [
gress shall authorize the Commissioner of Public Buildings
and Grounds, or any officer of Government, or the author-
ities of Washington city, to close up any part of Sixth
street, running through the public grounds; and any obstruc-
tions which may have been placed in said street where it
I runs through said grounds, shall be removed by agid Com-
j missioner of Public Buildings and Grounds.
It is important, perhaps, that I should say, in
explanation of that amendment, that it has been
under consideration by the Committee on Public
Buildings, and fully examined. The object to be
accomplished is simply to afford convenient access
from one part of the city to the other, over the
street referred to. When this city was originally
laid out, the proprietors of the land, in their deeds
of conveyance, conferred upon the President of
the United States the power to lay out and dedi-
cate to the public use the necessary streets. I have
lying before me upon my desk, the original map,
approved by General Washington, in which, with
: many others, Sixth street is laid out, and is, per-
J haps, the longest street in the city of Washington;
beginning at the extreme northern, and termina-
ting at the extreme southern boundary. It con-
nects the thickly populated portion of ihecity north
of the public grounds, with the rapidly growing
section lying south of Maryland avenue. Along
the whole length of that street, except where it
runs through the public grounds, squares were laid
off, and lots sold to private purchasers. These
purchasers bought, no doubt, with reference to
the advantages of the street, and thus acquired the
right to use it unobstructed. No doubt the loca-
tion upon the street, and the right of way over it,
formed a consideration and inducement in the pur-
chase, and these, to a considerable extent, con-
trolled the price.
Subsequently, in 1822, Congress formally set
apart, by the enactment of a law, that portion of
the public grounds now lying between the Capi-
I tol and Sixth street, with a view to its improve-
! ment. The act of Congress referred to, and which
' I now have before me, besides laying off these
grounds for public purposes, proposes that certain
squares of ground belonging also to Govern-
ment, should be laid off into lots, and the lots thus
formed sold to purchasers. The lots were accord-
ingly sold, and two of the squares containing
them front upon Sixth street, and adjoin the public
reservation. I have here the map which was be-
fore the committee which reported the bill, and
has upon it distinctly laid off, this same Sixth
street, with the squares ordered by Congress to be
sold. It will be seen that the street runs through
j the public grounds, and by these squares. The
| map is approved by President Monroe, and certi-
fied by the Hon. J. Kent, who was then chairman
' of the committee of this House for the District of
j Columbia, to be the same one.
I It will not be contended that the property holders
| who bought lots at the time the city was laid off,
; or subsequently when the Government directed a
i part of its property fronting upon Sixth street to
| be sold, have not a clear legal right to the unob-
structed use of the street. It was originally dedi-
cated by the act of General Washington to the
public use, and has been recognized by Congress
since, in the act of 1822, and other acts, as an ex-
isting street, subject to use, as all other known and
well-defined streets in the city.
The street was opened for many years through
the public grounds; but recently, by some one of
the several Commissioners ofPublic Buildings and
Grounds, has been closed up. Now, I maintain
that this obstruction is without authority of law,
and ought to be removed. I have looked in vain
for some act of Congress authorizing such a pro-
cedure. There is no such act. If there were it
would be of no effect, for Congress, in my humble
opinion, has no right to interfere with the rights
and advantages which it has once conveyed to
citizens. The corporate authorities of Washing-
ton, with singular unanimity, and the citizens
whose rights are thus interfered with, ask that the
obstruction may be removed and the street opened.
This is the object of the amendment, and I trust
there will be no objection to it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
will recollect that on yesterday there appeared in
the Republic of this city, a correspondence between
the Mayor of the city of Washington and the
President of the United States, in which the Presi-
dent refused the request of the corporation to open
this Sixth street through the public grounds.
Sixth street is one which passes between the Na-
tional Hotel and Brown's Hotel, crossing the ave-
nue and striking the canal. The public grounds
which this amendment proposes to open, as a pub-
lic square, are immediately south of the canal, i
11 bounded on the east by Four-and-a-half street,
; and on the west by Seventh street. If you direct
this street to be opened through those grounds,
you destroy that large public square there, and
cut it up into two portions. There is, I conceive,
no necessity for this amendment. It is but a little
way to cross the canal, either upon Four-and-a-half
street or upon Seventh street. There is a bridge
"cross Four-and-a-half street, and a good iron
bridge also across Seventh street. There is none
upon Sixth street, and you will destroy that square
if you adopt this amendment. As to the charge
that the Commissioner of Public Buildings has
closed up this street without authority of law, I
think it will be found, upon examination of the
law, that an appropriation was made to inclose
this square, and that, in pursuance of that direc-
tion and appropriation, it was closed. The Gov-
ernment own both sides of Sixth street, and the
President, in my opinion, has very correctly, and
. for the reasons given in his letter published yes-
terday morning, refused the request to open that
street. I do not know the real cause of this move-
ment. It may be that some private individual
has lots upon this street somewhere, or on the
island south of the square, which will be greatly
enhanced in value if you open this street. I can-
not conceive what good will result to any person
unless it is in that way; and I think that the Pres-
ident has the right to say that it shall not be
opened. He has said so, and I think that we had
better let it alone.
Mr. SACKETT. I wish to ask a question
touching the influence the question ought to have
Upon the rights of those who own private property
beyond this inclosed part. Has that street ever
been opened ? Was it ever a street ?
Mr. JONES. When I came here it was an
open, waste field, and no street ran through it.
Mr. SACKETT. Was there ever a bridge
across the canal at this point?
Mr. JONES. There was never abridge across
the canal at Sixth street, and no one ever crossed
it.
I Mr. DEAN. 1 move to strike out the words
j " the authorities of the city of Washington."
I If the statement of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Stanton] is correct, that Sixth street
runs through those grounds, no legislation is need-
ed. If it is a public street, we have nothing to do
with the subject here. We may pass as many
acts as we choose, and Sixth street remains as it
is, unless we directly and in terms close it, be-
cause we cannot otherwise interfere with vested
rights.
If it is not a public street, then I am opposed
entirely to making it one by any legislation here.
That square is one which is in front of the Smith-
sonian Institution 
Several Voices. No, no, no.
Mr. DEAN. Not the square in which the
building stands, but it is directly in front of the
Smithsonian Institution, and it is the only place, of
a great many which have been suggested, that
remains, which is large enough for the statue of
Washington. There is no room around the Cap-
itol for it. The grounds are unsuitable or preoc-
cupied; and I think, independently of this con-
sideration, that that public square ought to be pre-
served. At any rate, legislation upon the subject
is not necessary now, and the proviso offered by
the gentleman from Kentucky ought not to be
adopted. If the parties he refers to have rights,
let them establish them in the courts.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
Kentucky will not press an amendment that is so
well calculated to occupy so much time.
Mr. STANTON. 1 think I can explain it in a
few moments.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is agreat contrariety
of opinion upon the subject.
Mr. STANTON. 1 have the law here to show
what is right.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman may have the
law, but members have their own opinions, and it
is utterly impossible that this amendment can pass.
It will give rise to a great deal of discussion, if it
is pressed now, and there is but little time between
this and the next session, when the gentleman, if
he chooses to bring it up, can do so. I hope the
gentleman will listen to this appeal, and that we
will cut loose from these entangling amendments.
I am opposed to the amendment.
Mr DEAN I withdraw my amendment.
