1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7*29
1 contend, without multiplying words, that any
furniture which is good enough for a Whig Presi-
dent is good enough for a Democratic President.
Mr. POLK. I move to amend the amendment
by adding one dollar to the appropriation. The gen-
tleman from New Jersey says that if a Whig Presi-
dent can live in the White House as it is at present
furnished,a Democratic President rnn do so. I will
admit that. But has the Whig President lived
there comfortably ? I appeal to the party to which
he belongs, who have had better opportunities of
ascertaining the condition of that house, to say
whether it is a proper residence for the President of
the United States? Sir, any man who has been
at all familiar with that house, must know that
there are private residences in the city of Wash-
ington, and, indeed, in nearly all the cities of the
Union, that are better furnished. The furniture
has been there for a number of years, and we
have been patching it up at the rate of $14,000 at
the end of each Administration, which amountcan-
not effect a proper equipment of the house. Sir, I
am willing to meet the responsibility of this ap-
propriation. The Democratic party ought to be
willing to meet it. It is the people's house, and the
people are willing to furnish it in a manner befit-
ting the occupancy of the man of their choice. The
objection to it is nothing but humbuggery; it is one
of those low-fling objections sometimes resorted to
for popular effect, by gentlemen who expect to gain
favor with the people by such means. I mean
nothing disrespectful to the gentleman from New
Jersey, but I must say it is a noble humbug.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER, I should like to hear the
items read that this $25,000 is intended to provide
for.
[Shouts of " No!" " No !"]
Mr. LETCHER. I do not want to vote in the
dark.
Mr. POLK. I withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. DEAN. I move to amend the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky by inserting the
words " wife of" before the word "President."
This amendment is of course pro forma, to allow
me to say what I desire in relation to the appro-
priation, though I think it would be well to have
the money expended under the direction of the
wife of the President; for every lady knows that
no man can furnish a House in good taste, or with
any economy 
[Loud cries of "No!" "No!" and great
laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. Before I am called upon to
vote on this amendment, have I not a right to
know what the items are which make up this ap-
propriation ? I cannot vote in the dark.
[Cries of "Order!" "Read the items!" and
great laughter and confusion.]
Mr. LETCHER. Am I to be compelled to
vote in the dark ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot help
that. The Chair supposes it would take half an
hour to read the items.
[Cries of "Vote!" "Vote!"]
Mr. DEAN. Am I not entitled to the floor,
notwithstanding the "noise and confusion?"
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. DEAN. Mr. Chairman, my only object
in offering this amendment is to say that I am in
favor of a reasonable appropriation for the pur-
pose of furnishing the President's House in a
manner suited to the dignity of this great nation.
If $25,000 is needed we ought to vote it without
the slightest hesitation. I for one shall do it, and
should do injustice to my constituents if I did not.
The Committee on Public Buildings ought to |
know whether it is needed, and ought to be will-
ing to inform the House how they made up the
amount. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] is right in calling upon them to state,
on their responsibility as one of the committees of
Congress, whether this sum is necessary, and I,
for one, if they give it to us as the result of their
examination, am ready to go with them, and vote
every dollar of it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Let ua have ,
the items. ]
Several Members. Read the items.
Mr. DEAN. I repeat, sir, let the committee
inform us on this subject, and, if it is necessary,
let vote the amount, whether it be #20,000,
$25,000, or $50,000, and not yield to a spirit of
niggardly parsimony. Of one thing I am quite
certain, and I hesitate not to say it here, and that
is, that the White House is not now respectably
furnished for the residence of the President of the
United States. Go where you will through that
house, and you will discover a want of those ar-
ticles which adorn and beautify the re idence of
almost every private citizen of means and taste.
A Member. Have you been there?
Mr. DEAN. Yes, sir; I have been all over it,
except in the kitchen, for be it understood I have
no connection with the kitchen cabinet. [Great
laughter.]
A Member. Are you sure you have never been
in the kitchen ? [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. DBAN. I am quite sure upon that sub-
ject; but I have repeatedly been through the other
parts of the house—those portions visited by the
public, by our constituents, and persons from
abroad—and beheld only the naked walls, instead
of a properly-furnished house.
Mr. STUART. I hone .the gentleman from
Alabama will allow his five minutes to be con-
sumed in reading these items.
Mr. STANTON. I do not like to consume the
time of this committee with reading these items;
besides, some of them ought not to be named in
the presence of the fair auditors now in the gallery.
[Cries of" Read !" " Read !"]
Mr. STANTON. Well, there is one item for
six bed curtains.
Several Members. That is right; go on.
Mr. STANTON. There is another item for
twenty dozen window curtains.
Mr. STANLY. I object to the reading of these
items.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will arrest the
reading with the expiration of the five minutes
allowed the gentleman from Alabama. He has
the right to have them read in his time.
[Cries of " Go on!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment. I give up my time, and now ask that the
committee shall take a vote upon the amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. Then 1 move an amend-
ment to the amendment, and ask to have my five
minutes' time devoted to the reading of these
items.
The CHAIRMAN. No amendment is now in
order. The question is upon the amendment of
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. DEAN. With the consent of the Com-
mittee I will withdraw my amendment.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to reducethe appro-
priation five dollars. Now let these items be read
through my five minutes.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I make the point of order
that the reading of those items is not germane to the
gentleman's amendment, [laughter,] and therefore
cannot be allowed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks if the
gentleman from Virginia chooses to have the items
read in his five minutes, he has that right. The
Chair thinks they are pertinent to his amendment,
j Mr. DAWSON. I appeal from that decision,
i I think they are not in order.
! The question and the decision of the Chair was
! sustained by the committee.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I hope I shall
be allowed to say that there may possibly be
some items in the memoranda which it may not
be proper to have read in the presence of some, at
least, of those who are now witnessing our delibera-
tions. I hope the gentleman will appreciate the
delicacy which prompts this suggestion.
Mr. JOHNSON. That document ought not to
be read. I hope the reading will not be insisted on.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I insist the whole
list shall be read, if any. Now, the gentleman
from Kentucky can tatae his choice.
Mr. LETCHER. Ifit is in order, I withdraw
my amendment, and offer that list of articles as
an amendment. Now, Mr. Clerk, read on.
Mr. POLK. I object to the withdrawal of the
gentleman's amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be objection the
amendment cannot be withdrawn.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Letch-
er's amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. SKELTON. I move to reduce the appro-
priation one dollar. i
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
in order, the same amendment having once been
voted down.
Mr. SKELTON. Then I move to reduce it
five dollars.
Mr. Chairman, I rise at this time with a great
deal of reluctance to discuss this proposition,
when the time of the House is so precious. But,
sir, it is not the first time that men have risen
upon this floor to assail the motives of honorable
members here. Now, I wish to gay to any man
who assails my motives here upon this floor, that
I consider him beneath my notice.
Mr. POLK. Will the gentleman allow me for
a moment ?
Mr. SKELTON. For what purpose.'
Mr. POLK. I made some remarks, but 1 qual-
ified them by saying that I intended nothing per-
sonal to the gentleman; and I desire to know
whether, with that statement, these remarks are
intended for me ?
Mr. SKELTON. If the gentleman intended
no personal disrespect, I certainly 
Mr. POLK. 1 so stated, and now I wish to be
satisfied upon that question.
Mr. SrCELTON. I will answer the gentleman.
The CHAIRMAN. Gentlemen must remem-
ber that it is not in order to indulge in personal-
ities.
Mr. SKELTON. I only desire to reply to the
charges made asrainst me.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will pro-
ceed in order.
Mr. SKELTON. I propose, with what I have
already said, to pass that subject by, and direct
the attention of the committee lor a few minutes
to the merits of the proposition, and to show that
1 have been actuated by some other motive than
meanness or dishonesty. Sir, if I desired to influ-
ence the President of the United States, would it
be my policy to withhold from him any public
funds, or any convenience or accomodations for
his House? On the contrary, would it not be my
policy to favor all these measures ? I do not say
that any member upon this floor has been actuated
by any such motives, but is this appropriation ne-
cessary ? Is $20,000 necessary for furnishing the
President's House every four years ? How is it
possible that the amount can be expended every
four years for furniture, in a house of that sort?
I consider it a wasteful extravagance of the public
funds. I maintain tha' this appropriation is not
necessary. I have visited the President's House;
and the voice of the American people, as well as
my voice, demand.-* that we shall not make these
extravagant appropriations. Sir, I proclaim to this
House that I desire more the reputation ofan honest,
upright man, than I do that of an extravagant
spendthrift. Sir, I am consc.ientious in my action
upon these measures. I oppose these expendi-
tures as extravagant, wasteful, and contrary to the
public sentiment of the people of the country. But
I will not further consume the time of the House
wit^i reference to this matter.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I beg to say to this
House, that in the times when our Government
was poor, some forty years ago, we built this
House at a cost of nearly a million of dollars, I
believe. Now, how much will it require to furnish
a House which costa million of dollars ? If there
has been any folly in this matter, that folly was
in those who lived in the better days of the Re-
public.
But, gentlemen- say, is this renovation neces-
] sary every four years? Why, sir, nearly every
Congress has made an appropriation for refur-
j nishing this House. Look at the condition of the
furniture there now. The President's House is
i almost as much a public thoroughfare as this Cap-
itol. Multitudes of persons are there every day.
Almost every person in the United States who hnsf
| visited this city, has also visited the President's
House, and all the foreigners who come here go
there. Is it possible, then, for the furniture of such
a House to last for more than four consecutive
years, without needing extensive repairs? Every
man who keeps House knows it must be so, and
that it is so.
! Mr. LETCHER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question. Was not $6,800 the amount ap-
propriated in Mr. Polk's time to refit the house?
Mr. BAYLY. I recollect that perfectly,
i Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I will reply
