1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
731
Mr. DARBY. Can I be permitted to gay a
word upon the amendment?
[Cries of " No !" '* No!"]
The CHAIRMAN. It will not be in order,
unless the sentleman submits an amendment.
Mr. DARBY. Has the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania withdrawn his amendment ? •
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] opposed the amendment.
Mr. DARBY. Isubmitanamendmenttoincrease
the amount of appropriation four dollars, for the
purpose of saying a few words. I promise not to
detain the committee but for a moment. The
House will bear me witness that I have not con-
sumed much of their time. The appropriation at
St. Louis has been recommended by the Secretary
of the Treasury as indispensably necessary, and
more than that, the Government of the United
States are paying from three to five thousand dol-
lars to charity hospitals, when they have a hospi-
tal now almost ready for the reception of patients.
I hope the House will vote the appropriation. I
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. GORMAN. I object to the withdrawal of
the amendment until I have been heard. There
has been an estimate sent to the Chair by the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, in which is included
several of these hospitals. In looking over the
number, I find one for Evansville, Indiana, $20,000,
of which the Secretary says:
" A site has been purchased at Evansville, and the bal-
ance of the appropriation is not sufficient to erect a suitable
building; arid an additional appropriation of $20,000is re-
spectfully requested."
This hospital must come in the list, or the gen-
tleman cannot get my support, and I hope not the
support of others who feel themselves interested.
Mr. DARBY. I have no objection
Mr. GORMAN. This hospital is the only one
in Indiana, and it is situated at the terminus of a
canal four or five hundred miles long, the longest
perhaps in the world, and it is at a point where
congregate a great many persons who are engaged
in carrying on the commerce of the country. It
is upon the Ohio river, which connects it with all
the waters of the South, and if there is any one
hospital of the Government which should be in-
cluded, this is the one. If the estimates of the
Secretary of the Treasury are to be taken for one,
three, five, or ten of them, I insist that this should
not be left out, because this one comes within the
purview of the estimates, the same as the others.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, (interrupting.) I
am not going to oppose the hospital of the gentle-
man from Indiana. I only wish to explain, in one
minute of his time. He reads from the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury. My amendment
is based upon the estimate which I hold in my
hand. These estimates do not contain the gen-
tleman's hospital. I do not know why the Secre-
tary has left Evansville hospital out. He men-
tions it in his report, but when he comes to make
up his budget of estimates, he has not included it.
I have no objection to including it.
Mr. GORMAN. I can explain that. These
estimates are for hospitals which have been com-
menced and partly completed. That is the reason
that no estimates have been included in that book;
but when the Secretary speaks of the hospitals
which have been ordered to be erected he speaks
of it in this way: A site has been purchased at
Evansville, and the balance of this appropriation
is not sufficient to erect a suitable building; an
additional appropriation is respectfully requested.
That is the reason why the estimate is not there.
As a matter of course, it is the same thing as an
estimate.
I want the gentleman who offered the amend-
ment to incorporate Evansville hospital in his
amendment.
The question was then taken on the amendment ,
offered by Mr. Darby to the amendment, and it
was not agreed to.
Mr. MOREHEAD. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
The question waa taken, and the motion was
not agreed to.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. LOCKHART. I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Molony,] by adding " for building the marine
hospital at Evansville, $20,000."
• Mr. MOLONY. I will accept the amendment
of the gentleman, so as to include Evansville in
the list. I
The amendment as modified was then read, as !
follows;
"And for the marine hospital at Chicago, Illinois, ,$6,000;
Cleveland, Ohio, #15,000; Pittsburg, Pennsylvania,
$5,000; St. Ijouis, Missouri, ,$-2(1,000; LouUviIle, Ken
' tucky, ,$3,0',0 ; Padueah, Kentucky, $3,000 ; Napoleon,
Arkansas, $4,000 ; Natchez, Mississippi,'$4,000; Evans-
ville, Indiana, $H(,00fl; to be expended for finishing, re-
pairing, heating and fencing the buildings."
The question recurring on the amendment as
modified—
Mr. BROWN demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Hendricks, and Harris of
Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 53, noes 70.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MOLONY. I submit the following amend-
ment:
For the marine hospital at Chicago, $6,050.
Mr. MEADE. Is the amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the amendment is in order.
Mr. MOLONY. I would ask the attention of
the committee only for one moment. I am aware
that its time is precious. The Secretary of the
Treasury in his report says that this hospital has
been completed, and for its protection and that of
the ground you have purchased, $6,000 is indis-
pensably necessary. He uses the word indispens-
able after a careful examination of the necessities
of the building. Now, 1 hope the committee will
not refuse to appropriate, after such a recommend-
ation from such a source, $6,000 for the protec-
tion of a structure that has cost $50,000. I shall
content myself with saying thus much.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and I trust that gentlemen will not renew
these propositions when the committee has shown
its determination to vote them down. Let us get
through with the bill this evening, report it to the
House, and then call the previous question on it
and the amendments of this committee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I move that the
committee do now rise.
The question was put, and the committee re-
fused to rise.
Mr. MOLONY. I demand tellers on the amend-
ment I have offered.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was disagreed to. 1
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I move the
following amendment: I
For the marine hospital at Natchez, $5,500.
I do not expect, after the demonstration the
committee has made, that the amendment will be 1
adopted; but it is due to the pommittee and the [
country that I should state this simple fact: You j
have erected a building there, at a cost of some j
$80,000; it needs repair, and the Secretary of i
the Treasury has estimated $4,000 for that pur-
pose, and you refuse to appropriate it. The loss
is the loss of the Government, and not mine nor
my constituents. I care but little about it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I shall occupy
the remainder of the gentleman's time only to state
that the marine hospital at Napoleon, in Arkansas,
is precisely in the same situation as the one at
Natchez. Four thousand dollars is all that is asked
for there; and while we are voting here in this
way there are collected around that building oils,
paints, brushes, and all the materials for its com-
pletion. It has cost already about seventy or
eighty thousand dollars, and unless this appropri-
! ation be made it will sustain serious injury. The
Senate will put it in if we do not. [Laughter.]
It is not reasonable that we should treat our works
in the manner intended,as it wouldseem from the
votes of the committee.
Mr. TUCK. I wish simply to say that the
failure to appropriate the money to finish these
hospitals which have been begun, has taken place
in consequence of the attempt of the gentleman
from Indiana to provide for the building of a new
one.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. GORMAN. I move to amend by the in-
sertion of the following:
For the completion of the marine hospital at Evans-
ville, Indiana, $19,000.
I perceive, Mr. Chairman, that the committee j
is not in the humor to hear a statement of the I
ground on which these marine hospitals were
started. The feeling is to vote down all these
amendments, and for what reason r Is it because
this money goes out of the Treasury of the United
States? Why, sir, are you not aware that you tax
every seaman and boatman engaged in the navi-
gation of the western rivers and canals twenty
cents per month, which amount is retained out of
his wages for these very asylums? That tax is
designated for that purpose by law. After the
hospitals are erected you refuse to give these boat-
men and seamen permission when sick to enter
them and be treated as patients. You refuse them
a place in which to die after you have taxed them
during life. Does the mon ey thus proposed to be ap-
propriated come from your Treasury ? It may for
the present, but every dollar in the course of time
will be paid back by these hardy boatmen, who are
engaged in the great commerce of the West. The
committee have voted down these appropriations,
in my humble judgment, without understanding
them. I see that my friend from Georgia desires
to speak on this subject, and I trust, when he does,
that he will state the facts in the case. He knows
that, although this appropriation is not sufficient
to build this hospital, it is the object of the Govern-
ment to provide for it as far as it can. He knows
also that the money will all be reimbursed tn the
Government eventually, out of the hospital fund
collected from the seamen and boatmen.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to state a fact in be-
half of these very men whose cause the gentleman
seems so eloquently to advocate. You have been
in the habit of levying on the seamen and boat-
men of the western waters what is called the hos-
pital fund, and, so long as you voted it towards
buildings at the right places, these men did have
provision in case of sickness. But you have taken
their money and squandered every dollar of it on
buildings from New Orleans to the highest point
of navigation on the Mississippi river. You have
erected hospitals along the Ohio and Mississippi
rivers at Louisville, Padueah, and Various other
places where they were not needed. In order to
have public funds at particular places, you have-
taken their small pittance and squandered it with-
out adequate benefit to them. Let the houses rot
down or be pulled down, but let us preserve the
fund and take care of the sailors at proper places.
That is the way to do justice to them, and not, as
the gentleman proposes, to squander their money
contrary to the principle of the Government; and
for that reason I am opposed to the amendment.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I move to re-
duce the appropriation $50.
Mr. Chairman, every now and then we get into
one of these revolutionary moods when the House
will not listen to reason or to common sense.
[Laughter.] Yesterday you went to work and
appropriated about $300,000; and for what ? To
erect palaces for the collectors of customs where
you have no customs to collect. To-day you are
asked to appropriate a few hundred dollars to pro-
tect the sailors, and you refuse to do it.
Yesterday we voted $300,000 to build houses
for which we have no use, and never will have;
and to-day you atone for this folly by refusing a
few hundred to repair'and keep in order houses
already built, for which you have and will continue
to have very great use. Your economy allows you
to vote more than a quarter of a million for a use-
less custom-house at Cincinnati, and it prevents
you from voting $4,000 to repair a marine hos-
pital at Natchez.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] has
got into one of his economical moods to-day. He
frequently has these fits, and generally I think at
the wrong time. I recollect an occasion before,
when one of these fits was on him. He advised the
cutting down of the appropriations for the Quar-
termaster's Department of the Army. We got
into such a condition as we are to-day. We fol-
lowed the counsel of the gentleman, and next year
the consequence was that we had the most extrav-
agant and extraordinary deficiency to make up
that we have ever known. The reason was ob-
vious: You followed the gentleman's advice, and
refused the appropriations. The Army had to be
subsisted, supplies were boughton acreditat ruin-
ous sacrifices, and at last you had to foot the bills.
And'now the gentleman advises us asrain. He
advises us not to repair these buildings. Next
year they will be half rotted down, and instead of
$4,000, $25,000 will have to be appropriated for
