1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
783
consistency of this committee refusing this ap- |
propriation of $6,000 to protect property which
cost this Government §50,000, when the Secretary
of the Treasury tells you that it is indispensable
to the protection of the property of the Govern-
ment r Where is the consistency in refusing- this
appropriation which is so much needed, and which
is based upon official reports and upon careful
examination of the facts in the case.
Mr. STUART. I do not design to reply to
the gentleman. I only wish to say to the friends
of the measure, that you might as well attempt to
advise the ocean not to lash the shore with its
waves, as to expect to reverse the decisions which
the committee has given upon this question.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. MOLONY. I offer the same amendment,
only increasing the appropriation $ 15.
Sir, I was going to say when the hammer fell,
and it will take me but half a minute to say it,
that it will appear most extraordinary upon the
record, that the committee should have rejected
such economical appropriations as this, when only
twenty-four hours ago they voted $300,000 for
custom-houses into this same civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill. Why did you do it? Because
the Secretary of the Treasury, or any other offi-
cer of the Government, recommended it? No,
sir; there was no such recommendation. I defy
any gentleman to rise up here and give a reason
whv this committee, after appropriating that
$300,000, should refuse to vote this small appro-
priation of $6,000, the object of which is to pro-
tect g50,000 worth of public property.
Mr. TAYLOR. lam opposed to the amend-
ment. 1 have heretofore voted fqr this appropria-
tion, but I think these continual applications to the
committee to vote it improper, and I shall there-
fore vote against it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Molo-
ney's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 offer the following amend-
ment:
For facilitating the business of the post office, and more
effectually provide for the holding of the courts of the Uni-
ted States in the city of Philadelphia, $-200,UU0.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is not in or-
der.
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes, sir. We are under
the head of " miscellaneous" now.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is out of order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I appeal from that decis-J
ion, and I desire to state the grounds of my appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has a right j
to do that. !
Mr. FLORENCE. We are now under the
miscellaneous head of the bill, and the Chair de- j
cided a moment ago that an amendment was in
order providing for an addition to a hospital  i
[Loud cries of " Order!" and " Question!" and
great confusion all over the Hall.] j
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will put the ;
question.
Mr. FLORENCE.
I wish to state
my rea-
sons 
[Cries of "Order!" and "Question!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot as-
sign reasons for offering the amendment. The
Chnir decides that it is not admissible under the
rules.
Mr. FLORENCE. The Chair decided a mo-
ment ago that an amendment was in order for re-
Sairing a hospital on one of the western rivers,
ly constituents have intimated to me that this
appropriation is necessary 
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to make
an argument. The question is, " Shall the decis-
ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee?"  
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw the appeal. i
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com- j
mittee on Ways and Means to offer the following |
amendment:
For the purchase of two hundred and fifty copies of the
Statutes at Large of the United States, and of the Synoptical
Index thereto, at the contract price paid by Congress, to be
distributed under the direction of the Department of State
among the several consulates and commercial agents,
£8,7.10.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment, which is in pursuance of existing
contracts: °
To enable the Clerk of the Hou°e of Representatives to
pay Joan C. Utves and Peter Force for one liu-nlred and
two copies of the third volume of the Fifth Series ot the
" American Archives,'1 or Documentary History of the
United States, for the new members of the House ot ttie
Twenty sixth Congress; one hundred and seventeen copies
of ttie same volume for the new members of the Twenty
seventh Congress; one hundred copies ofthe same volume
for the new members of the Twenty-eighth Congress.; one
hundred and one copies of the same volume for the new
members of the Twenty-ninth Congress ; one hundred and
sixteen copies ofthe same volume tor the new members of
the Thirtieth Congress; one hundred and thirty-four copies
ofthe same volume for the new members ofthe Thirty-first
Congress ; one hundred anil thirty copies ofthe same vol-
ume for the new members of the Thirty-second Congress;
in all eight hundred volumes, at sixteen dollars forty five
cents and six mills per copy, $ 13.164 80.
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
pay for reporting and publishing eight hundred and fifty
columns of the proceedings of the House, of the second
session of the Thirty-second Congress, in the Daily Globe,
at seven dollars and fifty cents per column, ^6,375.
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
pay a balance due for reporting and publishing the pro
ceedings ofthe House for the first session ofthe Thirty sec-
ond Congress, being sixty five columns and one line, at the
rate of seven dollars and fifty cents per column, in the
Daily Globe, $487 54.
To enable the Clerk ofthe House of Representatives to
pay for twenty-four copies of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix ot' the second session of the Thirtj-second Con
gress, for each member and Delegate of the House, $17,064 ;
and for blading the same, being five thousand six hundred
and eighty eight volumes, in strong and substantial half
binding, with Russia leather back and corners, at a rate
not exceeding sixty cents per volume, $3,412 80.
Mr. SCHERMERHORN. I move to amend
the amendment by adding thereto the following:
For the purchase by the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, for distribution among its members, ten thousand
copies of the report of Captain H. Stansbury, including the
maps and plates of the survey of ihe valley of the great
Salt Lake, $-26,800.
For the purchase and distribution as aforesaid of ten
thousand copies ofthe second part of the report of Messrs.
Foster and Whitney, inclndingthe maps and plates, upon
the mineral regions of Lake Superior, $16,500.
For the purchase and distribution as atoresaid of twenty
thousand copies of the letters of Lieutenant Maury upon
the river Amazon and its sources, $4,500.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for tellers.
Tellei-s were ordered; and Messrs. McNair and
Sutherland were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 72, noes 54.
So the amendment to theamendment was agreed
to.
Mr. WOODWARD. I move to amend the
original amendment offered by the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] by adding the follow-
ing:
Provided, That from the commencement of the present
session of Congress, and thereafter, there shall be paid, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to the chief reporter for the Congressional Globe, eighteen
hundred dollars per annum, and to each of his associate re-
porters, not to exceed six in number, sixteen hundred dol-
lars per annum: ^Snd provided alio, That the sum of seven \
dollars and fifty cen^s a column, now paid to John C. Rives
for reporting and publishing the debates, shall be, and is j
hereby, reduced to four dollars a column. ]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This amendment !
is not in order. There is no law appointing these
reporters—no Government officer appointing them.
They are appointed by a man who is paid $7 50
per column for reporting these proceedings.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to in-
quire of the gentleman from Tennessee if there is
any law providing for the payment of this jJ7 50
per column ? Is it not annually provided for?
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir. It is an annual ap-
propriation.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair decides
this amendment to be in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no law appointing
the reporters, but there is a law providing for the
payment of $7 50 a column. The amendment is
clearly not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is in order. i
Mr. HALL. I rise to a question of orfler. I
understand this is a proposition offered as an |
amendment to the proposition of the gentleman
from Alabama. Now, I say this proposition has
no connection with that amendment. It may be
in order as an independent proposition, but it cer-
tainly is not in order as an amendment to that
proposition. j
The CHAIRMAN. If the Chair understood
the reading of the amendment, it provided for re-
porting the proceedings of the House. He thinks i
the amendment as offered to that is in order. I
j Mr. HOUSTON. My amendment was to carry
out an existing contract under the law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not aware
of any such law in existence. The appropriation,
so far as he recollects, has been made from year
to year, not in accordance with any standing law
upon the subject. The Chair decides the amend-
ment to be in order.
Mr. WOODWARD. Mr. Chairman, 1 take
great interest in the matter submitted; not, how-
ever, on my own account, as I shall be here but
a little while longer. I have, for a long time,
taken an interest in the reporting of Congress.
We have, of late, reformed it very much. Until
within a few years this House was at the mercy
of two sets of partisan reporters, each placed here
by political organs for the purpose, it would seem,
of caricaturing the opposite party, and suppress-
ing the impolitic remarks of its own friends. The
country could not get the truth as to what was
really Raid. I appeal to every member of long
standing and experience, if the reports, during the
period to which I refer, were not of a character
to render the debates perfectly ridiculous ' They
gave no true information to the country. But
you have reformed, in a great measure, this evil.
How? By making your reporters semi-official;
by making them responsible to this House; by
putting them upon their good conduct, like your
Postmaster, your Sergeant-at-Arrns, your Door-
keepers, and your messengers. You see what
attention todutytheirdependency upon the House,
as their constituency, secures from those officers.
Now, the same fidelity may be secured from the
reporters. It is of great importance that the re-
ports which go from this House should lie correct
. and true, and useful; and, to that end, they should
be subject to the revision of members.
Now, sir, I would perfect the improvement
which has been commenced, by making these re-
porters, in a more strict sense, official. You have
seen that a reporter, bearing that relation to ihe
House, will discharge his duties well. In this
very thing consists the improvement made. He
cannot safely practice partiality. Indeed, he will
be more apt to endeavor to please the adverse par-
ty than his own. Why it should be so all will
see. But my amendment does not propose to
make them officers of the House, expedient as it
would be to do so, but to pay them a round sum
instead of so much a column.
Another question, Mr. Chairman, is, whether
the compensation proposed in the amendment is
excessive. It is not excessive, but moderate.
The qualifications of a reporter are rare. A mil-
lion of men can be found capable of filling other
offices, but reporting is a peculiar vocation. Few
are able to fill the post, and few are willing to per-
form the requisite labor. Those gentlemen sit
here during your entire session, and after you have
adjourned, labor till midnight, almost every day
of their lives. They exercise a rare talent, and
Cerform a most extraordinary amount of labor,
esides.
Mr. Chairman, we have already given some
thousands of dollars—I might almost say, some
tens of thousands of dollars—for the plantine of
trees and flowers, for getting furniture for the Pres-
ident's House,forornamentingthe pubhegrounds,
for the removal of obnoxious trees, &c., &.c. I
say nothing against all this. It is a matter of
taste and propriety, and not of usurpation of pow-
er; but 1 trust we shall not object to voting £3,000
—for that is all I ask—to plant true ideas in the
heads of the community; to set things right in the
people's brains, as well as in the President's Man-
sion.
It is not for our own sakes tfyat I ask this. It
is for the sake of the people of the country.
They are entitled to know the truth, and if we
provide for reporting, at all, we are responsible
for having the truth told. But the House is hound,
injustice to itself, to see that the country have
correct information of what occurs here. We
should not sit here at the mercy of caricaturists
who occupy desks to amuse the public, and select
only striking points—incidents, perhaps, discred-
itable to the House, and selected for their person-
al bearing purely. It is due to the country, find
due to ourselves, that we should spare no pains,
and no reasonable expense, to see that what is'said
here go to the country in its true light, and in its
most instructive form that members may choos*
to give it.
