734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
Your bargain with Mr. Rives is, that the more
there is reported, and the more there is printed,
the more money the reporter and the printer get.
The greatest amount of words seems to be the
thing' aimed at. The inadvertencies, the thought-
Jess tautologies, and repetitions of unprepared de-
bate, on questions momentarily made, must all be
carefully noted down, or reporter and printer for-
feit a portion of their pay. They are made to
have a chief interest in the quantity, and only a
secondary interest in the quality.
A salary would make it the interest of your
reporters to condense their reports by excluding,
according to their sound judgment, what the
Speaker would himself exclude, as useless. He
only ia a reporter, in the true sense, who is com-
petent to exercise such a discretion; especially in
a running debate. Mr. Rives is interested to have
the reports extended, and his power of dismissing
your reporters will be a sufficient guarantee against
unreasonable and negligentcondensation. It would
be well to have the reporters' interest opposed to
Mr. Rives's, and thus have a guarantee for quality
as well as quantity. But Mr. Rives is honest
enough to approve of my proposition.
Mr. HALL. 1 am as anxious as the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Woodward] to have
the proceedings of this House correctly reported.
But my experience has satisfied me that the prop-
osition of the gentleman from South Carolina is
not the best to accomplish that object. We have
reporters now employed, and appointed by Mr.
Rives. If those are not paid sufficiently by Mr.
Rives, what is the reason? It is because we do
not pay him enough. If we think the reporters
are not sufficiently well paid, let us increase the
price which we now pay to M.r. Rives for report-
ing the proceedings of this House, and then he
will be able to pay his reporters sufficient com-
pensation. The amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina will result in this:
It will result in indifferent reporters getting just as
much as competent ones. They are now paid per
column; they are piece-workers, and consequently
a good reporter gets good wages, while an indif-
ferent one gets indifferent wages. The proposi-
tion of the gentleman from South Carolina will
place all upon an equality. The good and bad
will be paid alike. I wish to provide against such
a contingency as that. But, in addition to that,
do we not know that the number of officers em-
ployed in this department of the Government, is
continually increasing? A few years ago we had
only five or six clerks in this House. Now we
have, I believe, forty or fifty. A few years ago
we had only seven or eight pages, and now we have
fourteen or sixteen; and so it is in every Depart-
ment of the Government. If we undertake to ap-
point reporters upon the plan of the gentleman
from South Carolina, in less than six years we
shall hare twenty or thirty reporters, many of
whom will be utterly incompetent to discharge
their duties, and will receive just as much pay as
the ablest reporters of the country. If we are to
increase the compensation of these reporters, I in-
sist that they shall be paid for their work by the
column. When the House comes to employ its
reporters, and give them salaries, yau will not
have good reports. Let us have piece-workers.
I believe they are the best for the Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STANLY. Is it in order to amend the
amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not. This is an
amendment to an amendment.
The question being now upon the adoption of
Mr. W9odwar.d's amendment, upon a division—
63 rose in the affirmative.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Curtis and !
Meacham were appointed.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 74, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. STANLY.
the committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. The original amendment
of the gentleman from Alabama is before the com-
mittee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to add, at
the end of the amendment just adopted, the fol-
lowing:
Is there anything now before
And that the said reporters be appointed by the Speaker
of the House.
Mr. Chairman, these reporters are now made
officers of this House. The Constitution provides
that each House of Congress may appoint its own
officers, but they cannot delegate that power to an
outsider, or to any other Department of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. WOODWARD. I rise simply to correct
a mistake. These reporters are not by this amend-
ment made officers of the House. 1
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from
South Carolina allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WOODWARD. Certainly.
Mr. LETCHER. If these reporters are not
officers of the House, what right have we to vote
them salaries?
Mr. WOODWARD. The House already pay
them. The House has instituted reporting, and
recognized reporters. Now, 1 propose to place
them in a position where they will receive a little
better compensation. That is all.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was disagreed to—ayes
43, noes not counted.
Mr. STANLY. I move to amend the amend-
ment last offered by the gentleman from South
Carolina, by adding these words:
It shall not go into effect until the first day of December, :
1853.
Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from South Carolina, for
the very excellent reason offered by my honest
friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Jokes.] I say honest,
because I feel that he is so uniformly, when there
is an attempt to get money out of the Treasury;
it is a deserved compliment due him to say, that
no matter how strong may be his party feelings,
he resists improper attempts to get money from
the Treasury, as a man of integrity and a patriot
should. I oppose the whole business. The Globe
appoints its reporters, and no matter who Mr.
Rives puts in there, we have no control over them.
It is for his interest to put in proper ones; but Mr.
Rives is a party man, and he will pre£r party
men. But if you have some amendment placing
them under the control of this House, or of the
Speaker, we should have them responsible to the
House for theproper discharge of their duty. The
Speaker ought to have control over their appoint-
ment at least. How many reporters are provided
for in this amendment ?
A Member. Five.
Another Member. No, sir, six.
Mr. STANLY. One says five, and another
says six. There it is. One of these reporters is
to receive §1,800, and the rest $1,600; and Mr.
Rives's friends are going to receive their salary
from the fourth of March until the first day ofDe-
i cember, next, out of the public Treasury without
j rendering any services during that time. J
It is a small business, to be sure, in the esti- j
mation of some gentlemen; but many drops make
a shower. Rivers are made of drops, and so is the j;
ocean itself. We are constantly increasing the
number of the officers of this House. We are
constantly voting ourselves books which members
of Congress do not use, and often do not get, and
which are enriching the officers of the House at a
waste of the public money. It is time to put astop
to these things.
The gentleman from South Carolina says, these
men labor hard. I dare say they do; but they
work no harder than many members of Congress.
These stations are sought by them. They come
here voluntarily, and if they are not well paid,
they should go to some other place where they
will be better paid. Why make them officers of
the House? They " scatter ideas" about among
the people, do they? What sort of ideas? The
ideas of you, and all of us here. Are scattered
ideas worth anything to scatter about? [Laughter.]
Mi^ VENABLE. Certainly they are.
Mr. STANLY. My colleague says they are.
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Nabers]
and he differ about that matter. I think his ideas
are good. But the xinntighborly gentleman from
Mississippi did not think so the other day. [Laugh-
ter.] It is a mistake to suppose that we are scat-
tering good ideas here, or that the public mind is
enlightened by reporting our speeches. I am not
finding fault with Mr. Rives or the reporters. I
am opposing the attempt to make them salaried
officers.
I But here is another thing worth examining:
1 Are we to pay for this reporting in the Globe
without any investigation by the Committee on
Accounts, or any other committee? Are we to
pay for speeches and circulars in the Appendix
written by ourselves at the rate of §7 50 per col-
umn, in order to allow Mr. Rives to sell them and
make money by the transaction? Why go into
this matter pell-mell? Why not examine into
these questions? Here we are day after day
making officers of the House, one by one. Look
at the report sent in here by your Clerk, showing
the number of officers employed by this House.
Look at the (I don't know how many) men em-
ployed in indexing claims, which the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] said was an " im-
position." You madeit the business of the Door-
keeper last year, very properly for aught I know,
to do—what? To appoint an additional door-keeper
to help another one to keep the door open and to
keep it shut. [Laughter.] The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] said he was cold
—a gentleman who has a clear head and a warm
heart—and the Speaker submitted to the House,
because he did not know what else to do, a prop-
osition to appoint another door-keeper. I wanted
to object, but it occurred to me that though the
poor fellow whom the Speaker would appoint,
, though he would be a Democrat, I did not know
I that he might not have a wife and children. I rose
in my seat, but sat down again from reluctance
to oppose such a thing. But it is coming it a little
too strong to foist six or eight reporters on the
House, to be paid when not working for us.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanly's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I propose to add to the
amendment the words: " and said reporters shall
be elected by the House viva voce."
The House has adopted the system of electing its
own Sergeant-at-Arms, Clerk, and other officers,
and I think this House is more competent to elect
its officers than John C. Rives, or any one else—
meaning no disrespect to Mr. Rives. I say at the
outset, that gentlemen may understand my posi-
tion,that I intend to vote against the pending prop-
osition in any shape. I gave a good deal of
attention to this matter at the last session. I am
satisfied with the existing reports. I know they
are the best reports we have ever had, either here
or in the other wing of the Capitol. Mr. Rives
is responsible to us, and unless he gets good re-
porters, and unless they attend to their business,
of course he will discharge them, or be a loser
himself. But if you appoint these men, the busi-
ness of reporting will eventually be done like all
the other business in our public offices. You put
men into the executive offices upon the principle
of favor, as a great many of the clerks are, and
you do not get any work out of them at all.
Sometimes we have been deprived of useful clerks
in this Hall, because the members from some
large State chose to insist that some favorite of
theirs should be appointed to the exclusion of old
and experienced ones, who are supplanted. Upon
the same principle you will find a body of men
going to Mr. Rives, and insisting upon his ap-
pointing some special favorite, and say to him,
that " unless you will do so we will object to your
reports, and will establish some other system of
publication." The result will be that you will
have no good reports.
I am willing that the House shall select, if we
are to have official ones at all, their own reporters.
I think they would do pretty well for a time, but
they will grow more and more slack in their
business, and therefore I prefer the present sys-
tem.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. Have we the right to
select reporters, and send them, into a printing
office belonging to a private individual ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. We have the right to have
reports made if we choose, and employ Mr. Rives
to print them. I say, however, that I am so well
satisfied with the present system that I am not
willing to change it. As the present reporters have
been doing well, I am willing, as we did at the last
session, to vote them a handsome allowance at the
close of the present term. I am quite willing in
this way to make their emolument as large as it
would be under the system of the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Woodward.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the amend-
