736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19.
the Committeeon Commerce, [Mr. Seymour,] and
also of the supervisor of tliat district. I will not
longer occupy the time of the committee. I trust
it will be ,iri"pted.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
That amendment is not authorized by any exist-
ing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules that the amendment is not
in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I offer the follow-
ing amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from New York. It is in accordance with
the estimate of the Superintendent of the Public
Printing:
For the paperrequired for the printinirof Congress for (he
fir-t session of the Thirty third Confess, §104,1)64.
Fnr paper required for the printing of the Executive De-
partment*, $10,300.
For the printing of the Senate for the first session of the
Thirty-third Congress. $37.46 i.
For the printing nf the House of Representatives for the
fir-t session uf the Thirty-third Congress, 194.
For the printing of the Executive Dt pnrtments, $'22,289 04.
For compensation to the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing. mid tile t\Vb clerks and messenger in his office, $ti,595.
For blank books, advertising for proposals for paper, &c.,
*1,102.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I accept the gentleman's
amendment as a modification of my own.
Mr.SCHERMERHORN. I submit the follow-
ing amendment to that of the gentleman from New
York:
For the purchase, by the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives, Cor destrihuunn among its members, of eleven thou-
sand copies of the report of Captain H. Sian^bury, including
the maps and plates of thesnrveyof the valley nf the Great
Salt Lake, $2i,800. Also, for the purcha-e and distribution
as aforesaid, of eleven thousand copies nf the second part of
the report of Messrs. Foster &. Whitney, including the
maps and plates upon the mineral regions nf Lake Superior,
$16,5110. Also, fnr the purchase and distribution, as afore-
said, of twenty-one thou-and copies of the letters of Lieu-
tenant Maury, upon the river Amazon and its sources,
$4,500.
Mr DUNHAM. I rise to a question of order.
That is the same amendment which was voted
down a short time ago.
Mr STANTON, of Kentucky. It is not the j
same amendment. The gentleman is mistaken.
The CHAIRMAN. It is a portion of the
amendment which was offered by the gentleman I
some time ago, but it is a different proposition '
from the one which was voted down.
Mr. HALL. I make the point of order, that
the amendment is not in order, because it is not
germane to the pending amendment of the gentle- I
man from New York, [Mr. Seymour.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order, and decides that the amendment
ia not in order, in consequence of irrelevancy to
the pending proposition.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky - The proposi-
tion of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Sey-
mour] makes appropriations for the payment of
the public printing, and this amendment is to au-
thorize the purchase of books for the use of mem-
bers.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call the gentleman to or-
der.
Mr. STANTON. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The question Was put, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commitee?"
and it was decided in the affirmative; there being
on a division—ayes 75, noes not counted.
Mr. POLK. Most of the members cannot hear
the explanations of amendments which are sub-
mitted, and, as it is half past five o'clock, I move
that the committee do now rise.
The question was put, and, on a division, there
were—ayes 45.
Mr. POLK. I withdraw the motion to rise.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Seymour, as modified; and it was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN. I submit the following
amendment, to come in as an additional section:
For the purchase by the Clerk of tlie House of Represent-
atives for distribution among its members, of five thousand
copies of the rep.irt of Captain H. Stanshury, including the
maps and |ilate of the survey ofthe valley of the Great Salt
Forth*- purchase ami distribution asafores5aid,offive thou-
sand copies of the second p-irt of the report of Messrs. Fos-
ter and VVhitnej, including the maps and plates, upon the
mineral region* offtake Pupcrmr, ^8,250.
For the purchase and distribution a* afore<taid. of ten
thousand copies of the letters of Lieutenant Maury, upon
the river Amazon and its sources, $2,750. i
Mr. JOJJJES, { Tennessee. I rise to a que«- I
tion of order. There is 110 law authorising the
purchase of these books, and the amendment is not
necessary for the carrying on of any of the De-
partments of the Government.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. It is a work
which was ordered by one branch of Congress and
paid forby this House, with the concurience of the
Senate. The law has already authorized the pur-
chase of the work.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman says it was au-
thorized by the resolution of the Senate and not of
this House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
Mr. GORMAN. I have an amendment with
reference to the public printing, which I submit
at this point. It is as follows:
Provided, That the act fixing the price for the public print-
ing shall be so construed as to commence the reduction of
forty per cent, on the number of copies above twenty thou-
sand.
The forty percent, reduction has been construed
to commence on the very first number. The law
was understood by you, Mr. Chairman, and the
House, that it was to commence after the twenty
thousand copies. If there be any general objec-
tion, I will not press the amendment.
Mr. STANLY. I object to the amendment,
for it relates to a matter too important to be acted
upon at this late period of the session.
Mr. HAVEN. I will simply add to what the
gentleman from North Carolina has said, that the
amendment proposes to change a deliberate law
passed last year, and I do not think that we ought
to do it hastily.
Mr. GEN FRY. These facts show that the
committee ought to rise.
The question was put, and there were on a di-
vision ayes 46.
Mr. GORMAN. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
1 Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
j committee do now rise.
The question was taken and the committee re-
fused to rise.
Mr. PHELPS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment:
That the salary of the Superintendent of the Coast Sur-
vey shall be $4,500 per annum; and it shall be the duty of
the Secretary of the Treasury annually to report to Con
gress during the first month of each regular session, the
number and names of the persons employed during the last
preceding fiscal year on the Coast Survey, and the husiness
connected therewith, the amount of compensation of every
kind respectively paid to them ; for what purpose, and the
length of time employed ; and further, to report a full state-
j ment of all other expenditure made thr< ugh the direction of !
' the Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
j Mr. FLORENCE. I raise a question of order.
: There is no law authorizing that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inquire
of the gentleman from Missouri whether there is
any existing law fixing the salary or the Superin-
tendent of the Coast Survey ?
Sir. PHELPS. There is none. It is fixed by
i the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. GENTRY. Does the Chair intend to rule
that it is not within the competency of the com-
mittee to increase the compensation of any officer
whose compensation is not fixed by law? I hold
that is not a proper interpretation of the rule of
the House. If that ruling be correct, every ap-
propriation bill would have to be the same for fifty
or a hundred years. It is an utter misinterpreta- ,
tion of the rules.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has made no j
decision as yet, and if he had it would not be de-
batable.
Mr. PHELPS. If the committee would give
me their attention for one minute 
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 insist that the Chair shall
decide my point of order.
Mr. PHELPS. If there be no objection, I
will withdraw my amendment to strike out that
portion with reference to the salary of the Super-
intendent of the Coast Survey.
Mr. HOWARD. I rise to a question of order.
In the first place, we have passed the subject of
the coast survey, and we cannot return to legislate
on it any more than any oiher subject in the bill.
In the second place, the salary of this officer is
fixed by law.
Mr. STANLY. No, it is not.
Mr. HOWARD. I will state the whole point.
In 1.807, 1832, and 1843, this subject was legis-
! lated upon, and it was left to the President to fix
I the salary of this officer under these laws. The
salary was fixed by the President, and it has been
the same under all Administrations from 1807 to
the present time. I submit, therefore, we cannot
now change it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and rules the amendment to be out of
order.
Mr. ASHE. I move that the committee do now
rise.
The question was taken and the committee re-
fused to rise.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, notify-
ing the House that that body had passed bills of
the following titles, viz:
S. No. 607. An act for the relief of Betsey Nor-
ton.
S. No. 612. An act to incorporate the George-
town and Catoctin Railroad Company.]
Mr. GENTRY. Will the eeritleman permit
me to call his attention to what I believe will be a
most disastrous result from therulingof theChair?
It is absolutely in effect 
Mr. DUNCAN. 1 call the gentleman to order.
There is no question before the committee.
TheCHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr Gentry] is not in order.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
pav for reporting and plibli-hmg eight hundred and fifty
columns of the proceed inns nf the House, of the second ses-
-ion of the Thirty second Congress, in the Daily Globe, at
$7 50 per column, $6,375.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the committee
rise.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. WOODWARD. I offer the following
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly:]
Provided, That from the commencement of the present
session of Congress there shall be allowed and paid out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
the chief reporter in the House of Representatives for the
Congressional Globe, the sum of eighteen hundred dollars
(§1,800) per annum ; and to each of his associate reporters,
not to exceed six in number, the sum of sixteen hundred
dollars (1,600) per annum : Provided fltrtker. That the sum
of seven dollars and fifty cents per column, now paid to John
C. Rives, for reporting and publishing the debates of said
House, be, and the same is hereby, reduced to four dollars
per column.
Mr. DUNHAM. I rise to a question of order.
That is the same proposition that was voted down
before.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to another point of
order. There is no law authorizing the employ-
ment of reporters, and that amendment is out of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Dunham,] as also the question of
order raised by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Letcher.] This amendment, as a separate
proposition, has not been voted upon.
1 Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 wish to submit
a question of order. That amendment proposes
to fix the salary of a chief reporter and assistants.
No such officers or persons are designated in any
resolution or any law which has ever passed this
House or the other.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will sustain
the point of order upon the grounds suggested by
, the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] and
I rule the amendment out of order,
i Mr. BAYLY. I withdraw the amendment I
1 offered.
Mr. STROTHER. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be. and he is hereby, directed to pay to the Orange
and Alexandria Railroad Company, assignees of the Com-
monwealth of Virginia, $12il,00li, in full of money ad-
vanced hy the said Commonwealth to the use of the United
Slates, in erecting public buildings in the District ofCo-
luuihia, in pursuance of an act of the General Assembly
ol said Commonwealth, approved December 27, 1790.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit that the
amendment is not in order. It is a question of a
private claim, and it is a private bill pending here.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question oforder madeby thegentleman from Ten-
nessee, and rules the amendment out of order.
