740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
bill. I intend to join the Senator from Louisiana,
if I understand his bill, cordially in its support;
but I do want an opportunity at least to vote on
the homestead bill before the Senate adjourns. 1
must consequently decline to withdraw the motion.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The Senator from Lou-
isiana knows that I am a friend to his bill, and
will assist him upon any suitable occasion in get-
ting it up; but 1 hope he will not now press it in
opposition to the homestead bill, but will act with
the friends of that bill upon this question.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that we should
probably be able to divide the time more equitably
amongst all the great measures pressing for consid-
eration, if we should devote at least the morning ,
hour to the appropriation bills. They must be acted
upon. It is necessary to pass them; and it is im- j
portant that we should pass them as early as pos- i
sible, so as to be able to consider the amendments 1
between the two Houses, and not be forced to leave
everything to committees of ronference. If we
could be allowed to take up the appropriation bills
in the morning hour, 1 think we should probably
dispose of them soon by giving them that time; or
at least with a very little addition of the remaining
time of the Senate. It that way, the residue of
our days could be devoted to these other measures,
many of which are great measures, and all of them
pressing for consideration. If we do not adopt
this course, the result will be that the appropria-
tion bills will be postponed to so late a day, that
we shall be forced to take them as the House sends
them to us.
Mr. GWIN. I intend to vote for taking up
the homestead bill this morning. It is the most
important measure now before the Senate for the
benefit of my constituents, upon which I have any
hope of obtaining action. I not only intend to vote
for taking up that bill, but I intend to give it pref
erence to every other measure until it shall be dis- ;
posed of, if I can do so by my vote. The home- ,[
stead bill is not in the form in which I wish to vote
for it, but I intend to vote against all amendments,
in order to have something that will be of benefit
to my constituents, giving them the right to the
soil upon which they live. Therefore, as this is
a House bill, and as I know that we can, by taking
it up and acting upon it, secure its benefits to my
constituents, I intend to vote to take it up, and to
five it the preference over all other questions;
oping at the same time that it will not be neces-
sary to do so after to-day, but that it will be dis-
posed of immediately. I>
Mr. BORLAND. I agree fully with the honor-
ableSenator from California. Ithink,inthepresent '
attitude of affairs, that the homestead bill is the ,
one to which we ought now to give our attention.
I agree with him that it is not in the form in which ;
I should like to vote for it. I should like to see it
amended in several important particulars, hut for
the reason he stated, that if it be amended it will
be inevitably lost, I shall go for passing it in its
present form, and I will join its friends in all meas-
ures necessary to keep it before the Senate, when
it is taken up, until it shall be disposed of..
Mr. DOWNS. As appeals are made to me from
so many friendly sources to withdraw my oppo-
sition to this motion, I withdraw it, and shall not
insist on taking up my bill this morning; but I
hope that at some convenient time, as soon as pos-
sible after to-day, I may have half an hour to take i
up that bill and dispose of it. I wish to state,
however, that there is no member of the Senate
more warmly and decidedly an advocate of the
homestead bill than myself. I concur entirely
with the Senator from California and the Senator
from Arkansas, that it is now so late that if we
do take it up, it is best to pass it without amend-
ment or even without debate, if possible.
Mr. RUSK. This homestead bill has been re-
garded as an important measure by its friends. It
is so regarded by the community. We have had
numerous petitions urging us to pass it. It came
here during the last session of Congress, and slept
for a long time upon our tables. It has been
crowded out by other measures at this session. I
. think that during this session we have consumed
one half or two thirds of our time with discus-1
sions on abstract questions which led to no practi-;
cal action. This bill has during that whole time
slept upon the table, and the honorable Senator !
from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge,] who has it in charge has, \
with a modesty which I think should be rewarded |
and appreciated by the Senate, not thrust it upon ,
us. He has not been at all times claiming the j
floor, and liming out all other measures. He did, :
however, eome time u^'o give notice that he would
call it up on a particular day. That was early in
the session; yet he has yielded to abstract ques-
tions of mere doctrine, which are not to carry out
any practical measure at all, but to place promi-
nent politicians in imposing attitudes before the
wurld. This is a practical measure. It is gener-
ally understood, I believe, by the Senate; n will
provoke very little debate, and I think it should
be acted upon. It is due to the interests involved;
it is due to the Senator who has had charge of it,
and who makes the motion, that it should be acted
upon; and therefore I shall vote to take it up.
Mr. BELL. I am a little surprised to hear the
Senator from Texas in favor of giving precedence
to any other bill than the Pacific railroad bill. I
Mr. RUSK. There is no Pacific railroad bill.
There was one, but it is dead.
Mr. BELL. I hope the Senator will give us
some explanation of the manner of its death, and
that we may understand who killed it.
Mr. RUSK. There was a good deal of " noise
and confusion" at the time, but as far as I could
hear and see, I think it was effectually' killed and
destroyed by the amendment offered by the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] which
was voted in by a majority of two. That amend- |
ment disjointed and destroyed it, and made it a !
grand scheme without any practical effect.
Several Senators. That did not kill it.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President 
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope my honorable friend
will permit me to reply to that terrible charge.
Mr. BELL. Certainly, sir.
Mr. SHIELDS. I did not hear all that the
honorable Senator from Texas said, but he has
certainly made a most terrible charge upon me
this morning. It is, if I understand it, that I have
destroyed, disjointed, defeated, and totally ruined
the gentleman's project. I believe I have, to a cer-
tain extent; but I have not destroyed the road.
My amendment will contribute to make that road.
I may, however, have destroyed the Senator's
project; and I venture to say that if the bill was
left as he first had it, that road would never be
made through the Territories. I am a friend of
the road, and I want to see it made, and I want
it completed. I do not want to seethe $30,000,000
appropriated by the bill expended in Texas and in
California. I want the road made through the
Territories. I want the money expended in the
Territories, where it is most difficult to make the |
road, where the lands are worthless, and where it
will require money for the purpose. I do not wish
to commence the road at both ends, and spend
§20,000,000 before you have got into the Territo-
ries. That was my object, and it was to defeat
that project that I offered my amendment. I know
the gentleman is dissatisfied, and the honorable
Senator from California [Mr. Gwin] is dissatisfied.
Mr. RUSK. The bill did not propose any such
spending until the road was built throughout.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The expenditure was j
to be pro rata as the road went on. i
Mr. SHIELDS. Independently of that, I am
not going to re-argue the question that has been so :
ably argued in this body, that the States should
be permitted to manage their own affairs, and that
the General Government should confine its juris-
diction to its own territory. I am not going to
repeat the arguments on that point.
Mr. ADAMS. I beg leave to rise to a question
of order. I do not like to interfere with my hon-
orable friend, but I do think  !
Several Senators. It is a personal explana-
tion.
Mr. BADGER. It is a vindication from a
charge of murder. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT. The question before the
Senate is on taking up the homestead bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. On Saturday evening, when I
offered my amendment, and when it was adopted,
the gentleman from Texas got up and charged
that I had ruined his bill, that it was disjointed
and destroyed. 1 am not going to say much about
the bill in the way it was reported from the Select '■
Committee. My impression, however, is, that in
its origin it was rather a misshapen concern. Every
kind of effort was made at first to get a company
established to superintend and manage the road
through the States. The gentlemen gave that up,
and now they have got agents to do it. The
object of my amendment was to confine and limit
the road, so far as the General Government was
concerned, to the Territories, and let the States
make the road through their own limits. But I
repeat, if you left the bill as it was, with the
$20,000,000 to be expended upon the road any-
where, that amount would be expended upon the
road before it ever left the States, and the com-
pany would come forward again for $50,000,000
to make the road through theTeriitories Where
ought the $20,000,000 to be expended? Cannot
the States make the road within their own limits?
Where is the road most difficult to be made? Is
it not within the Territories ? Where should you
expend your money ? On each Side of the Rocky
mountains, where the lands are worthless, and
where money is needed, and apply your lands
within the States where the proceeds of those
lands can make the road. Sir, the adoption of my
amendment will save the bill. It is the only
amendment which will enable that road t'> be
made; for I repeat, that if vou were to leave the
bill as it stood, the $20,000,000 would be expended
before the road left California and Texas.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I should have a
right to complain of the course of argument of the
honorable Senator on the subject of the Pacific
railroad bill, if this was the first time that course
of argument had been pursued. The honorable
Senator either has not carefully r?ad or does not
remember the provisions of the bill. He has
chosen to raise a man of straw, and has proceeded
to demolish the creature of his own fancy. Sir,
he has chosen to represent a bill which is not the
bill at all. But it is nor the first time that denun-
ciations of this description have been madeagainst
the bill, and charges of a want of sense in its pro-
jectors. Sir, if the projectors of this bill had so
little intellect, there were other intellects in the
Senate that might have aided them. The honor-
able Senator himself has said he was in favor of
the road.
Vir. SHIELDS. Iam.
Mr. RUSK. He has stated that he wanted the
roa . Why, then, did he not bring his bright in-
tellect to operate upon this measure, and furnish a
bill which would construct a rond ? Here we have
been for six years without any such road. During
the whole of that period there has not been any
want of petitions. Thei'e has been no want of
bills. Why, then, did he not give us the benefit
of his superior intellect in constructing a bill that
would build a road ?
Mr. SHIELDS. I have endeavored to aid in
framing a bill that would build the road.
Mr. RUSK. Why not do it before? Why
come in at the eleventh hour, in the midst of
" noise and confusion r" Why come in with an
amendment that knocked the whole thing into a
cocked hat—that disjointed and destroyed the bill ?
The honorable Senator said that if the bill was
left as it was reported, the $20,000,000 would be
spent in the States; that California and Texas
would get the $20,000,000, and no money would
be left to build the road through the Territories.
That is the version given to the bill by the honor-
able Senator. Now, let us see what the bill is;
and 1 pray God, and I beg my friends—the apos-
tles of the Democratic party, who have got up
here to prescribe the rules of the Constitution,
and the terms on which'a man may hold a seat in
the Democratic party—I pray them especially,
that in those furious Democratic speeches they
have made defining the Constitution and drawing
a distinction between giving all the land in a State
and a dollar of money out of the Treasury, just
to append, as a little note, to the bottom of their
speeches, a copy of this terrible bill which is to
violate the Constitution, play the very mischief,
and disorganize the Democratic party. If they
would do that, they would save me the trouble
hereafter of coming up to the bar of Democracy
and pleading in justification of myself for having
brought forward this enormous bill; because, to
all men except those who understand metaphys-
ics, who talk metaphysics, to all such plain and
unsophisticated men as I am, the bill will be an
answer to all those denunciatory speeches, as it
is an effectual answer to the charge that it pro-
poses to pay $20,000,000 to Texas and California,
and leave none to build the road in the Territories.
Now let us see what the bill is. It provides—
" That whenever fifty miles of said road shall have been
completed in a manner satisfactory to the President of the
