712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
its Legislature. Then whether the road was to be 1
one continuous work or not, depended upon State 1
legislnfion. The amendment of tny colleague la,
that this road sfi.<ll not '>e ma le through the Suites
by the authority of the Federal Government, and
in no oilier niam.er than hy the auiliority of the
State derived trom the Legislature thereof. There-
fore, the legil effect of the amendment is precisely
the same on that point ay was the provision of the
original bill. If the road is disjointed and divided
into several parts tiv the amendment, it was also
d:sjointed anil divided by the original hill, for the
legal eflVt of each is precisely the same. The
Senator, therefore, ei her does not understand the
legal effect of his original bill, or he is mistaken in
ursjing this objection to the amendment. The
amendment of my colleague does not disjoint the
bill; it does not divide the road; it does not sepa-
rate it into different parts; it does not involve that
incongruity of which the honorable Senator from
Texas spoke. The same provision in substance,
and almost in terms, was in theoriginal bill in two
different places. It was provided in the com-
men'cemeirt of the hill that the road should not be
made through any State except by the consent of
that 9tate. Aram, in the latier part of the bill—
in the thirteenth section—it was provided that the
road shou:d not be made except by the express
consent of t he State, given by its Legislature. The
amendment of my colleague, therefore, only as-
serts mid mikes more specific that which was
twice provided for in other parts of the bill.
Then, since that amendment does not disjoint
the bill; does not change its legal effect as to being
one road from one #nd to the other; does not in-
volve any of the incongruities of which the Sen-
ator spoke; does not produce any one of the conse-
quences which he dreads; I again ask, by what
authority does he say that the amendment has
killed the bill? The biH is as perfect now as be-
fore. The means supplied in lands are as great,
and the means furnished in money precisely the
same. The facilities granted for making it are
all the same. Then what is the effect of my col-
league's amendment ? It is simply this: Certain
friends of the measure could not vote for it if this
money was to be expended in the States, but every
man who could vote for the bill as it was, can vote
for it now, without any violation of principle. The
effect of the amendment is to relieve constitutional
objections on the part of those who desired to vote
for the measure, without interposing any obstacle
which should drive any original friend of the bill
from its support.
Mr. RUSK. It has made some who could vote
for it not able now to vote for it.
Mr DOUGLAS. It may make some man who
was for it before mad, and, from passion and dis-
appointment, drive him against it, but not for
any reason which he can assign for his vote.
Mr. RUSK. No, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is no principle that
can be stated, upon which a man who was the
advocate of the bill before, can now justify himself
in opposing it. The amendment does not violate
any man's constitutional scruples, while it obviates
the scruples of many who were anxious to support
the measure; 
Mr. PRATT. The honorable Senator will al-
low me to say, that with this amendment, I, who
was as warm a friend of the bill as any gentleman
on the floor, shall certainly vote against the bill.
Kr DOUGLAS. That may be.
Mr PRATT. I will state the reason why, if
ms amendment be finally adopted, I shall vote
against the bill. It will then confine the selection
of the route by the President necessarily to a
northern route. There are no public lands in
Texas. The amendment excludes the expendi-
ture of any money in making the road through
Texas, so that the bill neither gives land nor
money to run the road through that State. It
therefore necessarily follows that it cannot be run
there along that route, which I had hoped would
be the route adopted, and the President is exclu- !
ded from selecting that route. ,
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator again shows
that he does not understand the original bill. The i
original bill provides that where there are no lands
adjacent to the road, equivalent alternate sections i
six miles wide may be taken for that purpose else-
where. If the Government has sold the land or
disposed of it, or made any arrangement by which
it is incompetent to convey the lands, other lands
are to be selected in lieu thereof to make up such
deficiency.  
Mr. PRATT. But the lands so taken must
he within the same State, and there are no public
lands of the United States in Texas at all.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I doubt whether there is any
limitation which is to have the effect apprehended
by the Senator. If so, a verbal amendment would
obviate the difficulty, which can be made at any
moment.. Texas has already granted a still larger
amount of lands, in the event the road shall be
located through that State, and thus held out
stronger inducements for its location through that
State, than are provided in this bill if the road shall
run on a line further north. But I have already
shown that the gentleman is mistaken when he
says that no money is provided in the event the
road runs through Texas. The bill appropriates
$20,000,000 to the company, whether the road
shall be located in Texas or not. The company
is to get that amount; no n ore and no less, no
matter where or upon what line the road shall be
located, whether through the States or entirely
within the Territories. Hence, the Senator will
observe that there is no foundation for his appre-
hensions in respect to the rights of Texas. By
the terms of this bill, and with the aid of her
local legislation, she will possess undue advan-
tages in controlling the location of the road. -But
the Senator from Maryland says that he will not
vote for the bill with that amendment. Then he
votes against it on grounds of policy. This amend-
ment does not raise any insuperable barrier on the
score of principle, and hence its effect is to avoid
constitutional scruples, and allow gentleman to
vote for the bill who could not otherwise do so.
It does not erect an insuperable .barrier which
ought to drive any man from it who was before
its supporter. I therefore say that if the bill is
killed, it has been done by the abandonment of its
friends without sufficient cause, and not by virtue
of the amendment of my colleague, which has
given it immense strength in point of votes, with-
out diminishing one iota the resources provided
for the construction of the road.
Mr. WALKER. I hope the question will be
put on my motion.
Mr. BELL. I am afraid I have loot the floor.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Ten-
nessee yielded it a long while ago.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 must insist on my point of
order.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Missis-
sippi again raises a point of order. The Chair is
of the opinion, as he has announced several times,
that this discussion is out of order. The question
before the Senate is on taking up the homestead
bill; but the Senate can control its own action.
Mr. WELLER. I believe I am entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator from Tennessee
is entitled to the floor. He gave way for explana-
tion.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Ten-
nessee yielded the floor.
Mr. WELLER. And thereby lost his right
to it.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Califor-
nia is now entitled to the floor.
Mr. WALKER. On what question ?
The PRESI DENT. On the motion to proceed
to the consideration of the homestead bill. That
is the motion before the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. As I do not propose to dis-
cuss the important question that is now presented
for the consideration of the Senate, it may be well
enough for me at the outset, to make a motion
which will make this discussion in order. I believe
a motion to reconsider, tinder the rules of the Sen-
ate, is a privileged motion, and I desire now, du-
ring the pendency of the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin, to moveto reconsider the vote by which
the amendment of the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois was adopted on Saturday evening—not be-
cause I have changed my mind on the subject, but
for the purpose of incorporating the principle con-
tained in the amendment in the bill in such a shape
as to make it practicable.
Mr. CHASE. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. WELLER. I wish to know whether it
is in order now for me to make that motion ?
Mr.-CHASE. That is the point which I was
about to raise.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the bill must be before the Senate before
the motion can be made; and if the motion to re-
consider can be made, it can only be entered upon
the Journal for action h^retifter.
Mr. BADGER. I hope by common consent
that course will be pursued.
Mr. WELLER. There is a difference of opin-
ion between the President and myself as to the
construction of the rule. I have always under-
stood that a motion to reconsider was a privileged
motion, and could be made at any time. But I
desire to say a word or two in reply to what has
already been said upon this subject, and what I
have to say may be considered, if you please, as
reasons why the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin should not now be adopted.
The adoption of that motion must necessarily
supersede tne Pacific railroad bill, which was the
unfinished business of last Saturday. My object
is to get up that bill, in order to satisfy, if I can,
the<committee who originally reported it, that they
have become unnecessarily alarmed in regard to
its position. They have taken it upon themselves
to say that those of us who the other day voted
for the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Illinois, have disjointed the bill. Now what was
the proposition of the Senator from Illinois? It
was, that the $20,000,000 appropriated under the
bill should be expended exclusively for the con-
struction of that portion of the road which runs
through the Territories. Now, the Senator from
Texas has asked, will the lands on each side of
the road in the States through which it may pass,
be sufficient toconstruct it? Let me ask my friend
from Texas if he ever proposed that the Govern-
ment of the United States should pay for the con-
struction of this road ? I never supposed that such
was his intention. I am sure the bill conveys no
such idea. I had supposed that the work was to
be undertaken by contractors, and that in order
to induce those contractors to execute it, the Gov-
ernment undertook to give $20,000,000 in money,
and a certain quantity of land, six miles on each
side of the road in the States, and twelve miles on
each side in the Territories.
The Senator has asked whether a grant of al-
ternate sections for six miles on each side would
be sufficient to complete the road in California ?
Let me ask, did he expect that the six miles would
do so in the other States, or did he intend that this
Government should pay for the whole of the
road"? Certainly I never so understood the bill;
but the object was that the General Government
should appropriate a certain quantity of land
and a certain amount of money in order to in-
duce contractors to complete the road. It cer-
tainly does not propose to give any lands to Cal-
ifornia or any other State. What difference does
it make to the contractors whether they expend
$20,000,000 in the Territories or in the States of the
Union ? The President of the United States is au-
thorized under the bill to make a contract. The
Government, regarding this a great national work
of immense importance, and one which is to ad-
vance the interests of the whole country, makes an
appropriation of land and money towards its com-
pletion. This, sir, is all. But now the Senator
says the bill is emasculated and disjointed,because
there is offered to be incorporated within it a prin-
ciple which requires the money to be expended
within the Territories of the United States! If the
vote on the adoption of that amendment shall be
reconsidered as I propose, it seems to me that it
would be a very easy matter to put this bill again
in a proper shape. Its joints can be readily put
together—it requires but two amendments tor do it;
and if the Senator from Texas had not already
made up his mind that the bill was dead, I should
undertake to call his attention to the two amend-
ments which I intend to propose to the third and
sixth sections of the bill. It will not require,
I think, muchtimeto demonstrate that two amend-
ments will make this bill far more practicable than
it was when it came from the hands of the Select
Committee. We are sometimes unable to perceive
the defects which exist in the work of our own
hands. Gentlemen are apt to think that a bill on
which they have spent so much time and labor, is
necessarily so perfect that no improvements what-
ever can be made. In this, I think they are mis-
taken. Man after all is a fallible being.
Mr. CH ASE. Mr. President, I wish to make
a question of order whether this discussion shall
proceed. It is perfectly clear that if it does pro*
