1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*43
ceed, we cannot take up the homestead bill to-day.
I therefore desire to present to the Chair, for its
decision, the question, whether a discussion upon (
the merits of a bill which was pending on Satur- :
day is in order upon a motion to-day to take up
another bill?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has decided
several times that it is not in order.
Mr. CHASE. Then I trust Senators will be
confined within the limits of order. j
The PRESIDENT, The Senator from Cali- !
forma has moved a reconsideration, and he pro-
ceeds upon the ground that that is a privileged
motion.
Mr. CHASE. The question then was made
whether that was a privileged motion or not, and
I understood the Chair to hold that it was not a
privileged motion, there being already pending
a motion to postpone all the prior orders for the
purpose of taking the homestead bill into consid-
eration.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of the opin-
ion, that the motion is privileged thus far at least:
that it may be entered upon the Journal, but that
it is not subject to discussion until the bill shall
be before the Senate. That is the practice which
has been adopted for the purpose of saving time,
that a motion may be entered; because after two
<iays elapse no motion to reconsider can be en-
tered or entertained.
Mr. BORLAND. I would suggest that the
Senator from California on Saturday moved a re-
consideration, or gave notice that he would move
it, which, it seems to me, amounted to the same
thing.
Mr. BADGER. Let the motion be entered.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the motion will be entered on the Journal.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. WELLER. I do not know that I attain
the object which I have in view by simply having
the motion entered. I desire the question to come
tip before the Senate, and if the Pacific railroad
but be actually dead, I desire that it shall be de-
cently buried. We owe, at least, a decent respect
to its " disjointed" remains. I wish it to be under-
stood by everybody, that I think there is yet vital-
ity enough in it to run a locomotive. I am sure
there is plenty of life in it yet if the doctors who
have had chaige of it do not now abandon it.
There is such a thing as being scared before you
are hart. Do not Senators think that giving six
miles on each side of the road is enough to justify
the contractors in going on with the road ? If not,
let more land be voted. It shall receive my sup-
port. But I am against the principle which was
incorporated in this bill of expending public money
in the construction' of a road through a State. 1
will'not say that it is unconstitutional; but at any
rate it is a principle which, if carried out by the
■Government, mast lead to the most disastrous
resulta, and must ultimately involve the National
Treasury in bankruptcy. I desire, therefore, to
avoid that question by requiringthat the $20,000,000
appropriated by the bill shall be exclusively ex-
pended in the construction of that portion of the
road which runs through the Territories of the
United States; and if Senators do not think that-
the land granted within the States is enough, let
them propose to appropriate more, and, as 1 have
already said, I shall vKfte for it. Howevermuch I
niay desire the construction of this road, I am not
willing to sacrifice principles long cherished in
order to obtain it. The locality of the road can-
not change my principles, nor induce me to aban-
don opinions long entertained.
Mr. RUSK. I hope these arguments will not
be entered upon unless there is a chance of reply.
I dislike to interrupt the Senator from California,
but I wish to make a suggestion to the Senate.
I said that the Pacific railroad bill was dead. That
is my opinion. I have been charged here with
not understanding my own bill, and all that sort '
of thing. That amounts to nothing. My under- '
standing is, that the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois killed it dead as a hammer; and if
this discussion is to go on, 1 want to have an op-
portunity of showing that there is no such bug-
bear as gentlemen seem to suppose. Why, sir,
if ysn are violating the Constitution by giving
money for the purpose of building railroads, are
you not violating it every day by giving money to
those railroads for carrying the mails: for is not
that exactly the same thing to them as to build
their roads ? I do not want to interrupt the hon-
orable Senator from California, but I wish it to be
understood that if he goes on and discusses the
principle of that bill, 1 am to have a chance of re-
plying.
Mr. WELLER. I have not said that the ori-
ginal bill, as reported by the Senator from Texas, '
violated the Constitution of the United States. I
have said that it contains a principle, which, if
carried out by the Government, must lead to dis-
astrous results, and to the bankruptcy of the
Treasury. An extended system of internal im-
provements within the States by the Federal Gov-
ernment, must produce this result. It is, there-
fore, a system which I do not desire to encourage,
especially when it can be so easily avoided. The
right of the General Government to construct a
road, which may run through the States, connect-
ing the Atlantic with the Pacific, I have never
doubted. This would be a great national work, to
which the funds of the General Government might
be applied. Sir,if I understand the principles in-
corporated in the veto message of General Jackson,
to which reference was made the other day 
Mr. CHASE. It is with great reluctance, in-
deed, that I interfere with the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. WELLER. So I perceive, sir.
Mr. CHASE. But I reially think that we owe
a duty to the homestead bill. The motion now
pending before the Senate is to take that up. Sen-
ators have said that if this debate is to continue,
there will be replies, and everybody sees that they
must consume the whole time of the Senate with
this discussion.
Mr. BELL. I call the Senator from Ohio to
order.
Mr. CHASG. I think it is my duty to insist
on my point of order.
Mr. WELLER. I have attempted to show
that the homestead bill ought not to be taken up,
by satisfying Senators, if I could, that there was
other important business which ought to be acted
upon, and in order to show the importance of that
other business, I have been speaking in regard to
it, so that it seems to me I am perfectly in order,
and my remarks are not liable to the objections of
the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. WALKER. Let us have that question
decided.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will put the
question whether the Senate will permit the Sena-
tor to proceed. The Chair has decided the point
several times.
Mr. WELLER. I do not ask any vote of the
Senate to allow me to go on, but if Senators think
I am out of order, I will yield. My intention was
to show that the message of General Jackson veto-
ing the Maysville road bill, did not apply to a bill
of this character—that that road was held to be un-
constitutional, because it was exclusively local in its
character—this road is national, and calculated in
its nature to advance the interests of every section
of theUnion. But I will not proceed out of order.
Mr. BELL. I beg leave to say, begging the
pardon of the Chair, that nothing is more clear to
my mind than that this debate is in order, although
a considerable portion of it may have wandered
from the point. I have been trying, from the
beginning of the morning, to get the floor on the
question, but Senators begged me to give way for
a few moments for some personal explanations in
regard to their course; and thus I have been very
near losing all chance of saying a word on the
subject. Now, I understand the original prop-
osition was to take up the homestead bill, and
then a debate arose upon the proposition to proceed
to the consideration of the Pacific railroad bill
the last unfinished business, upon which we ad-
journed late on Saturday evening, under circum-
stances that induced many of its friends to suppose
that it was not worth while to prosecute that
subject any further. An amendment was ingrafted
on it, which many of its friends supposed de-
stroyed the practicability of the plan proposed.
The motion this momingis to take up the home-
stead bill. What does that bill propose.' I say
that bill, if adopted by Congress, cuts off all pros-
pect of constructing this road in any of the States
by appropriations of public land. That may be
the motive of the honorable Senator from Ohio for
making or seconding the motion to give the prior-
ity to the homestead bill, for anything that I know.
And my friend who sits before me from Missouri
[Mr. Geyir] may very well acquiesce in such a
movement as this; and you, Mr. President, if
upon the floor, might acquiesce in it, because
lands have already been appropriated to make the
line of the western railroad through your State. I
am not at all surprised at the patience and equa-
nimity displayed by the Senator from Missouri
before me; nor am I at all surprised at the perfect
satisfaction of the honorable Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Shields] with regard to the result of his
movement the other evening; I will not call it
adroit—I have too high an opinion of that gentle-
man 's candor and integrity to call it that. So my
friend from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] if he will
permit me to call him so, may rest perfectly con-
tent, so far as regards any local attachments or
partialities he may have; and so may the honor-
able Senator over the way, [Mr. Cass,] who
led this defection among the friends of the bill, for
they all may feel a reasonable assurance that as
the railroad bill now stands, and if the homestead
bill passes also, St. Louis will necessarily be the
eastern terminus of the road. Now, I consider
this argument perfectly legitimate and in order.
If the homestead bill pass—and I say nothing now
as to whether it ought to pass or not—how is a
road ever to be run through any of the States ex-
cept those which have already received grants of
public lands to make them, so as to connect with the
grejected railroad over the territory of the United
tates connecting the valley of the Mississippi
with the Pacific ocean ? It is true that the home-
stead bill, so far as 1 perceive, by its present pro-
visions, does notembrace those unsettled territories
which have not been surveyed by the authority of
Government through the agents of the Land Of-
fice; but in every State of the Union—I mean in
every State through which this road might run—
through Arkansas-
Mr. BRIGHT. I rise to a point of order. I
dislike very much to interrupt the honorable Sen-
ator 
Mr. BELL. I am arguing a question of order.
Mr. BRIGHT. I submit this point to the con-
sideration of the Senate. Under our rules, one
hour is set apart for morning business; and upon
the change of the hour of meeting, two hours are
devoted to that business. The honorable Senator
from Wisconsin has moved to dispense with the
morning business in order to take up the home-
stead bill. Now, I ask whether it is in order on
that motion to discuss the merits of a bill not
under consideration, or the merits of a bill pro-
posed to be taken up.
Mr. BELL. I call the Senator from Indiana to
order. I am arguing a question of order.
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask for a decision on the
point which I have raised.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is of opinion
that the Senator from Tennessee is in order.
Mr. BELL. rI am certainly in order, if any
gentleman ever was. I say that if the homestead
bill is taken up and passed, it will interfere with
the proposition to construct the Pacific railroad,
even according to the modification of the bill which
was made on Saturday evening, and which has
been alluded to by the honorableSenators from Illi-
nois. Both of those honorable Senators, I believe,
asked significantly, whether there are not lands
enough within the limits usually prescribed to
grants of land for the purpose of aiding in the con-
struction of railroads, to build that portion vof the
road which lies or may lie within any of the
States? There may be to-day; but suppose this
homestead bill should pass, would there be suffi-
cient to-morrow or next year ? It is, then, a most
pertinent and important question, whether the
homestead or the Pacific railroad bill should have
precedence. And I call the attention of the honora-
ble Senator from Arkansas to this question: What
prospect will there be of getting an appropriation of
the public landswithintheusuallimits in the State
of Arkansas, of sufficient value to build this rail-
roid from the Mississippi to the western border of
this State, so as to connect with the great road
across the Territories of the United States to the
Pacific ?
Mr. BORLAND. As the Senator has appealed
to me, I will answer him very promptly, that, in
my opinion—and I am willing , to rest upon that
opinion—if the homestead bill be passed, it will
give to Arkansas fourfold the ability to make the
road through her limits than she now has without
it. That is my answer.
