744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
Mr. BELL. I want to ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Arkansas further: Whether he means
that it will have more ability, by an increase of
population and wealth, or by an increased appro-
priation or appreciation of public lands ?
Mr. BORLAND. I believe the appropriation \
of the public lands for railroads through Arkansas,
and the increase of the population and the ability
of the citizens to purchase land, enhance the value
of the lands so granted. I believe that will be the
effect of the homestead bill, and that is the very
reason why 1 am so earnest an advocate for it.
Mr. BELL. Well, sir, I am mistaken in the
source from whence I expected to get correct in-
formation. I understand that the effect of the .
homestead bill will be to appropriate the public |
lands on the line of this railroad—to appropriate j
it to the use of settlers. If I am mistaken in its j
provisions, then I am wrong in my conclusions, j
and the honorable Senator from Arkansas is right.
But if I am not mistaken, it is not possible that he :
can be right; because the moment this bill shall
have passed, (the homestead bill,) and the lands
shall have been secured to settlers, it will become
private property, and Congress will no longer have
any authority to appropriate that for railroad pur-
poses.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, the Senator
knows the provisions of the homestead bill with-
out my telling them to him; but does he suppose
that all theland in Arkansas will be taken up under
that bill? Does any one suppose it' Does he
suppose that more than half of it will be taken ?
Does he not know that in the bill which has
passed, granting lands to Arkansas—taking that
for what it may be worth, and I do not consider
it worth much, as I said the other day—the lands
along the routes of those roads are already se-
cured against occupancy by any one? Does he
not know that this homestead bill exempts those
lands which have been so secured here entirely ?
Mr. BELL. To what railroad bill does the |
Senator allude?
Mr. BORLAND. To the one which passed !
this body on the 5th of February. 1
Mr. BELL. Does the Senator mean .the bill ,
for the construction of a railroad from Cairo to i
Fulton ? 11
Mr. BORLAND. That bill also provides for
other railroads. I do hot think it will be worth
very much to Arkansas; but still, so far as it does
affect the Pacific railroad, if the lands along the ^
routes of the roads have been taken by settlers, i
equivalent lands are permitted to be taken in the |
whole range of the State, provided there be not j
enough within the limits assigned. My opinion, I
then, based upon these facts, is this: that the pas- |
sage of the homestead bill will so enhance the value
of all lands not taken up in the State as to increase
them more than fourfold, and therefore it will con-
fer on the State, no matter where she may select
her lands, fourfold her present ability to make the
railroad from any grants which may be given.
Mr. BELL. I base my observations and con- i
elusions on the ground that the bill is yet to pass,
which would secure those lands for the building j
of a railroad from the Mississippi to the western
boundary of the State of Arkansas, so as to con-
nect with a route which may be designated for 1
this road, over the Territories of the United States; .
and that it could not have that if the lands should .
have been before that time granted by the home-
stead bill for another purpose. My argument was,
that the passage of the homestead bill would de- j
feat the operation of any bill which we might pass
in relation to the construction of this great national
road, under the expectation that such a road could j
be built by an appropriation of public lands alone.
If it be true that Arkansas stands upon an equal j
footing with Missouri, I was not well informed
upon the subject. I understand that Missouri had
not only her grants made, but the road located,
and the construction of it rapidly advancing.
1 do not understand that the road in Arkansas
has yet been located, much less in the process of
construction; and I understand, that unless Con-
gress shall do something more than grant the
lands on the line of the road, no company or asso-
ciation of private capitalists will undertake to
build a railroad from the Mississippi to the west-
ern frontier of Arkansas; and if the honorable
Senator f VTr. Borland] surrenders the provisions
of the bill which secure the means of building
the road within his own State, he will never
have an equal chance of getting the decision of the
President in favor of some medium, some middle
route, connecting the valley of the Mississippi
with the Pacific; and the prospect of all routes is
lost forever, so far as this road is concerned. It'
you allow the homestead bill to pass antecedently
to a bill for the construction of that railroad, the
prospect is gone—the prospect for his section and
for mine; and you might just as well succumb at
once, and say that the road should be built from
San Francisco to St. Louis, or further north than
St. Louis.
I have said that I want a road, and I do not care
to waste time in contention here as to where it
shall run. On Saturday evening, gentlemen in-
j terested in a particular section of the Union,
i whether with or without concert, with or without
' reference to sectional interests, or a determination
to secure an eastern terminus of that road at a
particular point on the western borders, had an
amendment adopted, under which I do not choose
to submit to quietly. If the honorable Senators
who have argued to-day that the amendment does
not mutilate the bill, that it does not weaken or
destroy it—as both the honorable Senators from
Illinois have argued—why do they not come for-
ward and try to pass the bill which they allege has
gained strength by the adoption of the amendment ?
They have said that the amendment adopted on
Saturday gave increased strength to the bill. If
so, why will they not give us now a few hours to
perfect and carry it forward ? If the bill has been
strengthened by the amendment, let us see mani-
festations of it. Let us see whether these gentle-
men and the honorable gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Cass] are really friends to the bill or not.
If they are, I call upon them to move for taking
it up this morning in preference to the home-
i stead bill or any other bill. I wish my friends from
the extreme Northwest, as well as in the South-
west, to know that this is the only opportunity
! they will ever have of securing an equal chance
for their interests in the decision of this great ques-
tion—where this road is to run, or where the east-
ern terminus is to be established. For the reasons
! I have suggested, I consider this discussion per-
| fectly in order; and I hope the railroad bill will be
I taken up and disposed of, whatever may be its
fate.
Mr. BORLAND. I hope I may be permitted
to say a word or two in response to the Senator
from Tennessee. I agree with him in regard to
I the amendment which was adopted on Saturday.
| With him I voted against it, and when the bill
! comes up I intend to give my reasons why I voted
] againBt it. I shall not go into them now. But,
(j sir, with regard to the operation of the homestead
i bill, and its taking the amount which would be
• needed for the making of the road, I desire to call
the attention of the Senator again, and more point-
edly, to fhe operation of it.
The homestead bill proposes to give to landless
persons of the United States, who will actually
I settle upon the land, the right to settle, not upon
any land, but upon land which, when they go to
make the settlement, shall be subject to entry at
private sale. That is the operation of the bill. It
does not hold every acre of the land subject to be
so settled, no matter what laws we pass this ses-
sion or the next prior to the settlement. If they
be not actually taken up under a law, at the time
when the individual seeks to settle them, they may
be taken by him; but if there be any law passed
subsequent to the homestead bill, and prior to the
actual settlement, the land is removed from the
operation of the homestead bill. But with regard
to the bill which passed on the 5th of the month,
of which I spoke on Friday morning, to which I
stated so many objections, and which I stated I
did not consider worth much to my State, all the
land donated by it to the State will be exempted
from the operation of the homestead bill.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office
is now engaged in laying off, upon conjectural
lines, the land which will probably be required
under the operation of that law; and those lands
will be set apart by that Department for it, and
the road, should it ever be built, will not be under
the operation of the homestead bill at all, because
the lands will not be subject to entry at private
sale. With regard to the Pacific railroad bill, so
far as it may relate to the operation of the home-
stead bill, I repeat the general reason that I stated
just now, that it provides that the State, in select-
|i ing the lands for that road, shall not be restricted
,i to six, thirteen, or thirty miles, but shall go
1 throughout the State, if they do not find the lands
along the road; and the homestead bill, in any
■ range of possibility, cannot subject all the lands
to actual settlement—could not subject more than
half. As I said, the settlements that will be made
will leave more than enough, especially where its
value is enhanced by the homestead bill, to satisfy
the grants which may be made to the States for
the Pacific railroad. This is no matter of con-
jecture. The homestead bill cannot take all the
lands, for if the Senator will look at its terms, he
will see that it only subjects alternate sections to
its operation—it only subjects half of the lands.
There are in my State twenty millions of acres of
, public lands now. The homestead bill cannot, by
, possibility, by the operation of it under its own
terms, take more than ten millions.
Mr. BELL. If the honorable Senator means
to say there is land enough in his State, I agree
with him.
Mr. BORLAND. I say, I believe there is
enough now. But under the operation of the home-
stead bill, the value of the land will be enhanced
fourfold; and there will be more than sufficient to
give the State, under the operation of the pro-
posed Pacific railroad bill, the selection of theland
anywhere within the limits of the State.
Mr. GEYER. I did not intend to say a word
on this suhject; but the Senator from Tennessee
having made special allusion to the equanimity
with which I bear this discussion, I will say to
him that I bear it as I am accustomed to bear dis-
cussions in the Senate, and leave my votes to vin-
dicate themselves. I shall not now enter into any
defense of the vote I gave on Saturday on the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois. When
the question is fairly before the Senate, I will en-
deavor to explain my views on the subject. I
rise now merely to say, that I shall vote against
taking up the homestead bill—not from any op-
position to it, but from a desire that the bill which
was pending when we adjourned on Saturday may
be taken up and disposed of. When it is disposed
of, I shall concur in any effort that may be made to
take up any other important bill which may be
presented; but I am, and always have been, op-
posed to a partial discussion of questions, drop-
ping them and taking up some other subject which
is to divert the mind of the Senate from the ques-
tion pending, and when it is renewed again have
; the whole debate to go over. I shall vote, there-
fore, against the postponement of the railroad bill,
j and against taking up any other bill, until we
' have disposed of it.
| Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I wish it to be
borne in mind that we have but ten days of the
session left, and none of the appropriation bills
yet acted upon. The chairman of the Committee
on Finance [Mr. Hunter] is now pressing them
forward, and when they get upon the tapis, we
can get up nothing else. Therefore, I call upon
the friends of the homestead bill to stand by it.
It is a practical and eminently important measure,
and we can pass it if a majority are in favor of it.
It will then be a law, as it has passed the House
of Representatives already. Therefore, I say to
its friends, stand to your arms and pass this great
measure, from which we rightfully expect the
most important benefits to^he actual settlers and
cultivators of the soil. 1 am not going to consume
our precious time in replying to the remarks made
by honorable Senators about the scene that oc-
curred here on Saturday evening last; but I must
say, that if the honorable Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Shiflds] had offered his amendment a week'
ago, and had prepared a bill strictly in accordance
with it, so that there might have been a conform-
ity in the provisions of the bill, I never would
have had a word to say; but I do complain, and
ever shall complain, of the side-blow by which
this bill was destroyed.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to be permitted to say,
that when the bill was brought in I conferred with
my colleague on the propriety of introducinesome
such amendment. We thought it was right that
it should be introduced. Next, I conferred with
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Geter,] on the
propriety of bringing in such an amendment, and
he brought in one similar in principle, and it was
voted down. I then brought in mine.
Mr. GWIN. It is not the amendment itself of
which I complain. It is, that it destroyed the bill,
