1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
745
because we had no time to conform the bill to it.
We cannot stultify ourselves in regard to its effect. I
There are various sections of the bill which are !
affected by this amendment; and in order to have
conformity, it was necessary to have the bill pre-
pared throughout to correspon4>with it. I think
the bill as it stood on Saturday, is destroyed by
the introduction and adoption of the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields;] be-
cause time is everything now. So far as the
amendment affects the provisions of the bill which
relate to the construction of the road in my own
or any other State, I look upon it as equivalent to
Baying to the contractors, who propose to bjild
the roads in those States, that they shall carry the
mails of the United States, the Army and Navy
supplies, &c., without charge, for which service
they shall receive but three thousand eight hun-
dred and forty acres of land per mile, or, at the
price of $1 25 per acre, $4,800 per mile; when it
has been shown in this debate that the iron alone
for the road will cost $9,000 per mile. Now, when
a bill proposes to give land alone to construct the
road in California, I want the grant to bean equiv-
alent for the service to be rendered the Govern-
ment. Therefore, in my bill, I took the respon-
sibility of asking for alternate sections for forty
miles on each side of the road in California. I am
not afraid to ask enough to complete a great meas-
ure. I have none of that flinching about me. I j
do complain that we did not have notice of .the |
movement made on Saturday, so that we might
have conformed ourselves to it. I am for the Dill '
as reported from the Committee of the Whole, and
most earnestly desire its passage during this ses-
sion. I have never been in favor of this particular
bill in all its details. It has never satisfied my
judgment, but I have, notwithstanding, sustained
it earnestly from the beginning of the discussion,
because I wanted a road.
The only point in controversy ndw is, whether
the adoption of the amendmentof the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Shields] has destroyed the bill this
session ? In my opinion it has, if from no other
cause, for the want of time to mature another
measure. If he had not offered his amendment,
the bill would have been engrossed in ten minutes,
and to-day we would have passed it and sent it to
the House, where this day the rules might have
been suspended by a simple majority, and put the
bill on its passage, and it would have passed. If
I thought we could mature and agree upon another
measure, I would sit here day and night until we i
could pass a bill that would pass the House of j
Representatives. But believing in the hopeless-
ness of this controversy, from the defection in our
own ranks, and the fierce opposition waged against
the measure, which requires an unbroken front to
put it down, I am in despair; I have lost all hope
of a railroad bill this session, and shall go for
taking up the homestead bill. It is an important
measure to my constituents, and one which they
have a right to expect me to advocate and have
passed if I can, and therefore, I am in favor of
taking it up.
Mr. SEWARD. There is one question which
I desire to ask of the chairman of the Select Com-
mittee which reported the railroad bill, in order to
determine my vote; which is, whether, if the home-
stead bill is not taken up, he intends to njove to
take up the railroad bill?
Mr. RUSK. I will say frankly, that I shall not.
I shall regard it as a useless consumption of the
time of the Senate.
Mr. BROOKE. I will'state to the Senator from
New York, that I snail" move at a proper time to
take up the Pacific railroad bill. I do not agree
'with some of the friends of the bill that it is dead.
I think the Senator from Texas, and some of the
other friends of the bill, seem to consider it in the
condition of the little animal whose mournful fate |
is celebrated in Mother Goose's melodies,
" Whieh, while it lived,
It lived in clover;
And when it died,
It died all over." i
[Laughter.]
T do not think the bill is dead, but that there is
as much vitality in it as ever. For that reason, I
shall vote against taking up the homestead bill. I
hope we may have an opportunity of taking up
the railroad bill, and endeavoring to hftve it per-
fected.
Mr, WgTJ.f.F.R. I regret very much that I am
placed in a position where I shall be obliged to
vote against the motion of the Senator from Wis-
consin. No one can be more anxious that the
principles of the homestead bill should meet with
favor upon this floor than I am. There may be
some things in it which I would desire to see modi-
fied; yet no one will go further than I will to sus-
tain its general principles. It is a measure which
shall have my cordial support. But I desire to
make another motion, which is, to reconsider
the vote of last Saturday, by which the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Illinois was
adopted, with a view to facilitate the passage of
the railroad bill. Tnere has been, in my judg-
ment, an unnecessary clamor made by some Sen-
ators on this subject. The honorable Senator
from Texas and others have been unnecessarily
alarmed. In other words, they have become so
exceedingly nervous that I am afraid their judg-
ments have become affected. I think it is the
easiest thing in the world to incorporate the prin-
ciple contained in the amendment in such a way
as to make the bill much better in many respects
than the one we had before. I think we can make
the bill conforrh to the principle contained in that
amendment by one or two slight alterations. It
only needs a slight modification of two sections,
in order to carry out fully the principles for which
we have been contending here. We are as en-
tirely devoted to the construction of that road, I
trust, as any gentlemen on this floor. I am sure
we are quite as anxious to have it passed as those
who profess to be its especial friends. I have no
, objection to their saying it is dead, either here or
| elsewhere. It will be for the country to determ-
] ine who has betn right. If it be dead, the peo-
! pie must decide who inflicted the mortal blow. I
! never can consent to be placed in a position upon
| a local improvement, no matter how much my
I constituents may be interested in it, which violates
j any principle which I hold sacred, or any clause
of the Constitution which I have sworn to sup-
I port. I say that no clamor, here or elsewhere,
• eatt ever induce me to give my support to a meas-
ure which I consider wrong, simply because the
immediate interests of my constituents are in-
volved. It is important, in every view of the case,
i that we should have this railroad; but it is equally
important, I trust, that the bill we pass should be
passed in the right way, without violating any
principle, or trenching upon the Constitution.
That can be done. No sensible man can doubt
| it.
I I undertake to say that I can demonstrate that
the principle advocated by my friend from Illinois
can be incorporated in this bill', and make it much
more practical than it was when it came from the
hands of the committee. I am sorry that some
gentlemen here are so sensitive that they are un-
willing that other humble members of this Senate
should make any amendment to this magnificent
bill. They have labored zealously, 1 grant, and
have used their best efforts to secure a proper bill.
If I have not participated freely in the debate on
this question, it has been because I was laboring
under a disease of the throat, which prevented me
from speaking in the Senate with any degree of
satisfaction, either to myself or the Senate. This
must have been obvious to all. It is on that ac-
count that I have been a mere looker-on (although
an anxious one) during the progress of this de-
bate; but my desire has been as sincere as that of
any one for its final passage. At the same time I
would not vote for the bill if it violated any pro-
vision of the Constitution, or any great principle
for which I have heretofore contended. Fortu-
nately there is no necessity for this, as the bill
can be quite easily modified so as to avoid all dif-
ficulty. If Senators will only concede that the
bill is not perfect as it came from the hands of the
committee, we can soon place this measure upon
the safest and surest footing—upon ground which
will secure the certain construction of the road.
This above all things I desire. It is therefore un-
just to denounce those who desire to see this money
expended exclusively upon that portion of the road
which passes through the Territories, as unfriendly
to the measure. No one, I am sure, is more anx-
ious than 1 am to see this great work, which is to
open up the vast and inexhaustible resources of
the far and distant West, and bind the Union
more closely together, prosecuted to completion.
It is a work which should commend itself to every
section of the Confederacy. It will do more to
break down the prejudices which the frontier often
feels when far distant from the home Government
than any other measure which can be devised. It
will bind the States of this Confederacy so closely
together that fanaticism, whether it comes from the
North or South, shall not be able to disturb it.
Give us this road, and I undertake to say the
, Union will be perpetual. But I have no disposi-
i tion to enter into a general discussion of this meas-
: ure. This portion of the work has already been
,i satisfactorily executed, and I desire to see the
, more important part, the grading and laying of
[ the rails, commenced.
Mr. RUSK. I regard the homestead bill as a
practical measure. It has passed the House of
Representatives, and it only needs our vote in its
favor to make it become a law. I regard the other
bill now as impracticable. There may be a great
deal of political capital made out of speeches upon
the Pacific railroad bill, and if it is taken up, there
certainly will be speeches made on it. 1 have
choked myself down for the last two weeks, trying
to get it passed: but I hope now we may have
the other bill before us.
Mr. BADGER. Ifitbe in order, I wish to say a
few: words directly upon the question as to taking
up the homestead bill. It ought not to be taken
up, in my opinion, for the very reason which has
been alluded to by my friend from Texas. It is a
House bill. It requires but the action of the Sen-
ate, if it thinks proper to pass it, to make it afow,
so far as Congress is concerned; whereas the rail-
road bill, if it meets the approbation of the Senate,
has still to go to the House. I do not believe that
the bill is dead, unless deserted by its friends. I
do not believe it is dying. If it has received any
injury by the amendment which has been adopted,
' I sincerely believe that a little careful attention
j will put itm a condition to accomplish, in the main,
j all the great objects we have in view. If the friends
i of the bill, therefore, are for passing it, they ought
to take it up now. The homestead bill canl>e
I passed to-day, or to-morrow, or the day after, if
the Senate pleases, and it then becomes a law.
j The railroad bill must go to the House, and ther^-
, tore if it is to be passed at all, we ought to pass it
j now.
] Mr. RUSK. I desire to ask the Senator a ques-
tion before he takes his seat. The rules of the
House prevent the taking up of a bill except by a
| two-thirds vote. Does he believe that two thirds
of the House can be obtained to vote to take up
: the railroad bill ?
Mr. BADGER. That depends upon another
question, which I will ask my friend, whether he
believes that two thirds of the House is composed
of reasonable men ? If two thirds of the House are
reasonable men, they will, of course, agree with
me about this bill. If they agrie with me about
the bill, they will take it up and pass it. Now,
sir, 1 am obligad by all the rules of charity, to
presume, until some evidence to the contrary is
shown, that all the House of Representatives are
reasonable men, and, therefore, I am bound by
the rules of charity to presume that they wifl
suspend the rules to take the bill up and pass it.
. Mr. RUSK. 1 will ask another question. Does
the Senator believe it is fair to require the House
of Representatives, with all the business they have
before them at the close of the session, to vote
upon so important a bill as this, without having
time to discuss it?
Mr. BADGER. I am going to answer that
question with the distinct notice that I will not
answer any more. [Laughter.] In answer to my
friend from Texas, on that subject, I beg to say
that so far as any consideration is due to the
House of Representatives in regard to calling
upon them to pass an important bill without de-
bate and examination, my opinion is, that the less
they debate, the more likely they will be to do
right; and it is very unnecessary for them, if they
understood their true position, to debate anything
which the Senate passes; for if we pass it, it is «
sufficient guarantee to them that it is right, and
they ought to act upon it. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER. I rather concur with my friend
from North Carolina, that it seems to be regarded
that the wisest thing we can do is to guess upon
an important measure. It seems to be the under-
standing—guess rather than deliberate. I object to
taking up the homestead bill, because, frankly, I
am opposed to it, and have not tine to consider
