750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
see the distinction between the two cases, nor did
the earlier apostles of the Democracy.
It is unnecessary for me to refer to the law on
your statute-book, sanctioned by Jefferson and
every President down to Jackson, making im-
provements of that sort. Then, where they took
money for a certain object, they understood it.
Now, we whip the devil round the stump. But
they were plain men. Mr. Madison was a plain
and a tolerably learned man, too. He had consid-
erable to do with the Constitution. 1 happened
to come across an act introduced into the House
of Representatives by Mr. Madison, entitled " An
act concerning the post roads from Portland, in
Maine, to Savannah, in Georgia." If I had given
notice of introducing such a bill here as this, I
should have been turned out of the Democratic
party in fifteen minutes, and would never have
had lime to make an explanation. This was done
in 17%, soon after the Constitution was formed,
and before it had received these learned comments;
before it was found out that things were conveyed
there of which its framers never dreamed. Here
is the act which Mr. Madison introduced:
" Be it enacted, 4 c., That the President of the United
States be, and lie hereby is, authorized to cause to be ex-
amined, and where necessary, to be surveyed, the routes
mo-ft proper for the transportation of the mail between the
following places, to wit—
Mr. BUTLER. A survey.
Mr. RUSK. Oh, yes, a survey. I shall come
to that subject shortly.
—" Portland, in Maine, Boston,NewYork, Philadelphia,
Wilmington, Baltimore, city of Washington, Alexandria,
Fredericksburg, Richmond, Raleigh, Louisville, and Savan-
nah, 111 Georgia ; and that he cause a report of such examin-
ation and survey to be laid before Congress, together with
an estimate of the expense necessary for rendering the said
routes the established routes for the transportation of the
mail.
" Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That a sum not ex-
ceeding £5,1)00, to be paid out of the surplus revenues of the
Post Office, be, and hereby is appropriated for defraying the
expense of the examination and survey aforesaid."
Mr. BUTLER. Five thousand dollars!
Mr. RUSK. They had not so much money as
we have now. This bill, as the Journal shows,
was reported by Mr. Madison to the House of
Representatives, where it passed on the 20th of
May, 1796. The report of the committee in the
Senate was, "The committee on the bill concern-
* ing the post road from Portland, in Maine, to
* Savannah, in Georgia, report thatitought to pass
' without amendment." There were no constitu-
tional difficulties here then. The committee of
the Senate reported the bill to the Senate on the
23d of May,- 1796; and on the 24th of May it
was rejected.
Mr. BUTLER. Does my friend understand
Mr. Madison to have recommended the construc-
tion (?f a road 5
Mr. RUSK. Mr. Madison meant, perhaps my
friend may say, only to make a grandiloquent flour-
ish simply, for popularity! Then, here I find are
some laws signed by Mr. Madison relating to the
building of the Cumberland road. As the gentle-
man from South Carolina is so anxious to get to
the " survey," I will come to that. Nobody pro-
poses to build a road without a survey. The bill
provides ample means for that. It authorizes the
President of the United States to use the whole
Topographical Corps, and to appoint ten additional
civil engineers, for the very purpose of making this
uurvey in order to ascertain the practicability of
the route, and to ascertain which will be the best
to answer all the purposes of transportation, and
for the defenses of the country. After this is done,
he is to make a selection of the best route. All of
\is want" the road to go in our own section of the
country. That kind of feeling is natural. It is
to be expected that there shouid be some anxiety
to take it near the section of country where we
live.
1 cannot, upon that subject, past! by a notice of '
the dignified and noble and bold conduct of the
honorable Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge,] in
expressing the sentiments and opinions which
he has expressed upon this subject. Sir, it js
worthy of the man. It commends itself to my
admiration; and I trust in God, that while I may
feel a proper attachment to mv own section, my
bosom, as long as I am a representative in the Na-
tional Legislature, may always be prompted by
•such noble sentiments. He said he wasanxious
that the road should go through Iowa, bnt hesaid
that he would not prefer the interest of Iowa to
the interest of the country. He was on the com-
mittee, and was in favor of throwing the respon-
sibility upon the President of the United States to
select, after a full and thorough examination, the
best rouie. Sir, there were opposing politicians
to the President on that committee, and they agreed
to this. The Chief Magistrate, the highest offi-
cer in the world, as I regard it, has the confidence
reposed in him to make this selection. We
thought that in no place could we place the trust
and power to make the selection, better than in the
President. He is the President of the whole coun-
try, and I trust, as long as he holds office, he may
be so—neither the President of a clique or section
or particular interest. He is the President of the
whole country, and we thought it better to refer
this question to him.
If there is a partial attempt in that bill to force
the location at any particular place, point it out,
and I will acknowledge a want of capacity in my
own mind to see anything if it exists there at all.
No, sir, it is drawn up upon the ground that the
President will act fairly and honestly in the mat-
ter, and select the points and the route which to
him may appear best. Under such circumstances,
if he is an honest man—and 1 would not have
, voted for him if I did believe him to be so—<ie
will select the proper route, the best route, having
reference to all the requirements of a road of this
description; one which will be condusive to the
general benefit of the country.
i I have said so much with regard to the bill gen-
erally. Now, with regard to the amendment. The
bill has been matured with as much consideration
as we could give it in the Senate. Now, when it
is readyto be reported, an amendment is proposed
to be attached to it. The amendment proposes
that the money shall only be applied to the con-
struction of the road through the Territories.
Now do you not see at once, that if the route
shall be settled with a great length of the road
within the Territories, more money will be re-
quired for building that road than would be needed
if the length within the Territories was less? The
money is to be paid to the contractors, not be-
1 cause the United States has an interest in theroad,
but it is paid for the service to be performed by
i the company in transporting the troops and mu-
nitions of war, and the mails of the United States.
The company are required to construct the road
for the aid given them. It would, in my opinion,
be as much a violation of the Constitution of the
United States to grant a mail contract, and require
| the mail to be carried on a railroad in a State, and
i pay more for the service than it would cost to
carry it on horseback, as it is to grant money as
it is proposed to do by this bill. Then you could
not make a difference in price between carrying
the mail on. horseback and in four-horse coaches,
without a direct violation of the Constitution.
Sir, in my opinion, the bill was understood by
the committee. In my opinion, it is a bill which
will construct the road. In my humble judgment,
it violates no principle of the Constitution. It
fills up a necessity for our mail facilities, and for
our means of national defense. I hope the Senate
will either adopt it or reject it, without at this
moment encumbering it with the amendment,
which will evidently throw it into confusion. If
you appropriate all the money for theTerritories,
there is the only place where you can pay for the
carrying of the mail; and how then will you pay
for enrrving the mail in the States?
Mr. WELLER. By the railroad.
Mr. RUSK. There is no other railroad. If
the Senator is willing to propose that for his own
State, I am not.
Mr. WELLER. I am.
Mr. RUSK. 1 am not willing to require the
State of California to carry the mail free, when
other States net paid for it.
Mr. WELLER. I do not understand that this
bill gives any land to the State of California at all.
I understand that it gives alternate sections in Cal-
ifornia to contractors to make the road. Where-
fore, then, does the honorable Senator undertake
to say that California is to take the sections? The
State of California has nothme to do with the con-
struction of the road. It is to be made by con-
tractors to whom the Presidentof the United States
may award the contract.
Mr. RUSK. With her consent; and allow me
to say, according to my humble judgment, for her
benefit. Rely upon it, if you adopt theamendment
, you destroy the bill. With the amendment in, it
will not build the road. In my opinion, there is
no violation of the Constitution in the bill. I see
no discrepancy in any of the provisions of the hill
as a whole. If you defeat it, the loss of the bene-
fit of carrying the mail is not the only thing. After
making this advance for the purpose of aiding in
the construction of the road-, Congress reserves the
power to regulate the passage money to be charged,
the amount of freight to be charged. If you di-
vide it out, and give the construction of the road
in California to one company, in Missouri, Ar-
kansas, orTexas, to another, and in the Territories
to another, you have no control over the freight
charges at all. If you adopt the amendment, you
may strike out the balance of the bill, for it does
not correspond at all.
Mr. MASON. I feel under some obligations to
the Senator from Texas for the extent of his re-
searches in the archives of the Senate, resulting in
the production which he has just read—a bill which
was introduced by Mr. Madison. I understand
the Senator to brin^ that forward as a precedent
to show that Mr. Madison, an admittedly great ex-
pounder of the Constitution, considered the propo-
sition contained in that bill—introduced by him in
1796—consistent with the Constitution; and there-
fore the honorable Senator would have us to infer
I that what is contained in his bill is equally con-
| sistent. Now, sir, I make this proposition to the
j honorable Senator: The bill introduced by Mr.
Madison wag to establish a post route between a
point in the North and a point in the South, and
in a manner which he considered the Constitution
admitted. Let the Senator from Texas take that
bill and substitute it for his. Will he vote for it
as a substitute?
Mr. RUSK. Certainly not.
Mr. MASON. And why? Because he has
declared that his bill, in his impression, will con-
struct the road; but Mr. Madison's bill will not
construct a road, and was never intended for the
purpose. Yet it is adduced here as authority.
Mr. RUSK. What, then, did he mean?
Mr. M ASON. I will show you what he meant.
If he meant to construct a road, why will not the
Senator take his bill as a substitute?
Mr. RUSK. Because he does not provide the
means of doing it; mine does.
Mr. MASON. Mr. Madison's bill provided
for a survey; but the honorable Senator introduces
it as authority for this bill to construct a road.
Now, I am happy to make a few remarks upon it
before the Senate and before the country. It was
introduced in 1796, and is presented here now as
the constitutional exposition of Mr. Madison upon
the road-making power. I shall ask of the report-
ers to print this bill along with the remarks which
I have to make upon it, that it may go before the
country as that which Mr. Madison believed was
the constitutional power of Congress to act upon
this subject.* Sir, theprovision in the Constitution
is simpiy this: " Congress shall have power to
establish post offices and post roads." That is
the whole constitutional provision; and this bill,
introdued in 1796, appears to have been the earli-
est attempt of one of the framers of the Constitu-
tion to expound that clause. What does that bill
provide? Its title is, "An act concerning a post
road from Portland, in Maine, to Savannah, in
Georgia." The title gives the key to the meaning
of the bill in its subsequent sections. The Consti-
tution gives power to establish post roads. What
are post roads? Roads for the transmission of the
mail. To be transmitted where? Whv, where
roads are preexisting. You find roads where there
are people, and where there are people you want
*An Act concerning the post road from Portland, in Maine,
to Savannah, in Georgia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America, in Congress ai-
setvhled. That the President of the I 'm!I'd States be, and he
hereby is. authorized to cause to be examined, and where
necessary, to be surveyed, the routes mo>t proper for the
transportation of the mail between the following places, to
wit* Portland, in Maine. Roston New York. Philadelphia,
Wilmington, Baltimore. City of Washington. Alexandria,
Fredericksburg, Rmhmond. Raleigh, Louisville, and Sa-
vannah, in Gcrgia; and that he cause a report of such
examination and survev to be laid before Cnnirress. tn'ifther
with an estimate of the expense necessarv for rendenng the
said routes the established routes for the transportation of
the mail
Sk^ 2. Jind he it further enacted. That a sum not ex-
eeding 3 ,000. lo be paid out of tile surplus revenues of the
Post Office, be, and herein is. appropriated for defray ilig the
expense of the examination and survey aforesaid.
