THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
J2d Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1853.
New Series No. 48.
G
ter, there being fto insurmountable obstacle to
commencing in the Territory. Some gentlemen
object to the whole scheme. Some object to the
details; and among other things it is saia to be re-
ugnant to the provisions of the Constitution.
Jir, this is no time to argue a graveconatitutional
question; but I suppose that the gentlemen who
bare argued these questions, will admit that there j
are certain provisions in the Constitution, and
among others, a power in Conrresa " to establish ;
post offices and post roads." I suppose they will
admit, also, that there is a power vested in Con-
gress to defend the country, and to employ all the
mean's which are necessary to defend and prose-
cute in case of a war. Congress has power " to
.establish post offices and post roads. That is 1
pretty plain language. In other words, it has the
control of the means by which information is
transmitted through the Post Office Department,
from one end of the country to the other, and the
power granted is not only that Congress shall
«stablish post offices, but that it shall establish
the roads upon which the mail matter is to run.
You must then—and it seems to me that this is a
logical proposition—have a road upon which to
transmit your mail matter, a road provided by the
United States. I suppose every gentleman will
Admit that it cannot be carried over private prop-
erty or private ways.
I know that gentlemen put a construction on
this part of the Constitution, the justice and pro-
priety of which is not very visible. It is said that ;
when the Constitution speaks of establishing post
roads, it means that we shall establish the roads
of the States as post routes. This presupposes
that the States may possess roads under their
jurisdiction and authority; roads of their own,
established by their own authority, which they
can keep open or discontinue at pleasure; which
they may keep in repair and passable or not, as
they please. Suppose the States, with this ample
authority over their'O wn, should control all those
roads, or any one of them should pass a law that
your mails should not go over its roads, would
your power and your authority under the Consti-
tution be exhausted? Does it depend on such a
contingency ? If the State of Delaware should say,
•* We have chosen to pass a law by which we pro-
hibit your passing your mail through Delaware
into Pennsylvania, would that stop the mail?
Would the power of the United States be defeated
And the mail arrested ?—or would the Constitution
•override this barrier?
I take very much the view that has been taken
in the debate of 1796, re^d by the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] that it is a posi-
tive power given to this Government. It is a
pbwer given to execute a function confided to
the Government, and there is authority enough in
Congress, not only to establish post offices, but to
establish, if it be necessary, post roads also; and
if Congress can establish them, it can make them,
and it is not in the power of any State to prevent
the transmission of the mail on a post road thus
established. The Constitution overrides the pow-
ers of the States in this particular, and it was
designed to override it.
How then is it with regard to the defense of the
country ? Why, sir, I take it that no gentleman
will deny that if a military road is necessary for
the safety and defense of the country, there is
power on the part qf this Government to make
such a road. I believe that nobody has under-
taken seriously to question that there is a power
residing in the Government, if it deems a road ne-
cessary for its defense, to make such road within
any State. This power not only resides in the
Government by the force of the Constitution, but
Congress has exercised it again and again, on the
ground that it is as indispensable to defence as the
right to build a fortification. Under what author-
ity was the Cumberland or National road made,
that road which has been fostered and cherished
through a series of years, and for which appro-
priations have been made session after session by
Congress until there was spent upon it some seven
or eight millions of dollars? Was it not founded
48
upon these powers contained in the Constitution,
the power of providing for the defense of the coun-
try, and the power of establishing post offices and
post roads? The power is found there if it is
found anywhere. If it is not found there, the
making of that road by the Government was a
violation of the Constitution.
But, sir, I will not trouble the Senate on this j
question. I rather regret that the question of
power is started here at all. It hardly belongs to
the case. If any gentleman can see that the de-
fenses of the country require such a road as this,
or that the transmission of the mail of the coun-
try requires it—that is a matter of judgment, I
agree—but if he can see that, he can then easily find
the power to do it. I know not how soon the ex-
igency may arise in which this may become ne-
cessary in the defense of the country. The very '
last steamer from Europe brings us news of some
interest. We see that there is an advance in the
price of money, an advance in the rate of interest;
and not only the newspapers, but private letters
brought by that steamer, contain intelligence that
there is an unsettled state of things in Europe. I
read this very morning an article in a newspaper,
of some consideration and some influence, specu-
lating upon this news, and endeavoring to prove
the truth of the supposition that there was a rest-
less and disturbed state of things in Europe, and
that nothing was more probable than a war with
this country.
I do not greatly heed these rumors; nor do I
know exactly that it is entirely .wise not to heed
them at all. There is an old adage, that it is wise
in time of peace to prepare for war; and it might
have been added, that we are never so little likely
to be insulted, and aggressive acts are never so •
little likely to happen to us, as when you have j
provided means of defense. Now, I can see that
this road, which we have under consideration, is j
one of the most material matters, in its connection
with the defense of this country, that has ever ,
been before Congress. I took occasion, in some
few remarks which I submitted here a few days
j ago, to say,.that in a contingency of that kind, !
the safety of our possessions upon the Pacific must i
in a great measure depend upon the facility of in-
tercourse with the Atlantic States—the Atlantic
States must be relied upon to furnish material and
to resist aggression. YVe ought not, therefore, to
be driven to find our way from one extremity of the
country to the other, when so indispensable an oc-
casion arises, through the dominions of a foreign
country. We ought not to be placed in a contin-
gency of that description in such a position. We
ought not to be subject to the mercy of a foreign
Power, under circumstances like those; but we
ought to have the means of intercommunication in-
dependently of all such considerations; and nothing
else can give firmness and solidity to the country
itself.
Mr. President, I look upon my friend, the
chairman of the Select Committee, as a man of
undoubted courage, of resolution, of fortitude; and
I was a little surprised to see him yield so readily
to defeat. That it was a defeat on Saturday I
admit, but I was not prepared to see my friend
reconciled to it so readily as he seemed to be. I
expected to see him stand up here to-day with his
usual courage, and face this thing until he saw the
end of it. fdo not doubt that he will do so still.
I do not despair even if the amendment of my
honorable friend from Illinois should prevail. Al-
though it eviscerates the bill, I think it is not more
prejudicial to it than the striking out of the pro-
vision for a corporation. That, sir, is the heaviest
blow that has been struck at this bill. If the fatal
blow* is from any source, it is from that; and it
grows out of the fact that you have disqualified
those who are to undertake this work by taking
from them the means of executing the power with
which you intrust them. •
I see infinite difficulty when you come to raise
from the means of individuals funds to carry for-
ward an enterprise of this magnitude, unless you
can have a joint stock company. Well, sir, we
have taken the Baltimore platform for the Consti-
tution. We have taken to some of the plank of
peculiar stripe instead of the national compact.
My friends on the Democratic side of the House
have assembled together in all their strength, and
have been frightened out of this great public meas-
ure by that bugaboo, a corporation. Gentlemen
mistake the public mind altogether. The public
have no sort of objection to this; and we have
proof of it from one end of the country to the
other. How do the States provide for works of
this kind ? I dare say that even my friend from
South Carolina would say to you that even in his
State they have corporation after corporation of a
character precisely similar, in their general pow-
ers, to that originally contained in this bill. There
are scattered through every State in this Union,
corporations vested with similar power, and clothed
with authority to execute bills similar to this.
How is it that the name corporation can change
into a monster that which would otherwise be
harmless? Sir, these are mere words of terror,
and nothing else. It is idle talk, a suggestion, a
fancy of the brain, when we talk of a corporation
clothed with the simple power of carrying into
effect the provisions of this bill, towering above
the height of this Government, and overshadow-
ing it with its poisonous influence. A deadly
blow was struck when that provision authorizing
a joint stock company was stricken out of the
bill, but still that did not lead me to despair of it.
I was willing to let the word " company" be sub- •
stituted; and if it is more agreeable to gentlemen
to have persons associated as copartners instead
of a corporation, if that is all the difference, let
them be an association, for an association they
must be, and an association by agreement, and by
an agreement which cannot be dissimilar to the
power conferred by the bill originally upon the
corporation. That is, if you mean they shall act
at all.
Now, my honorable friend from Texas supposes
that if this amendment shall carry, and if the ex-
penditure of the money is to be limited to the Ter-
ritories, that is a fatal objection. I ask his atten-
tion, in the first place, to the fact to which I have
already invited it; and in the next place, I ask
him whether this bill, if it be not so now, may
not be so amended as to create a motive in the
States, when it strikes their limits, to carry the
road forward, and thus secure the execution of it?
Suppose it strikes the frontiers of Arkansas; has
not Arkansas every motive to carry it through to
the Mississippi river? and will she not reach out
and strain every nerve to accomplish so great a
purpose? Or suppose it strikes the western bound-
ary of Missouri, will not the same feeling be at
work, and the same motive to secure thegreat
benefits which will result from it to that State?
Sir, 1 can see very distinctly, that with the help of
the land, and with the encouragements and the
hopes which-the intercourse will create in the
minds of the States, there will be a very great and
powerful influence, over their feelings and their
disposition, that it may be made one of the means
of carrying forward the road, and carrying it for-
ward with success. I hope, therefore, my friend
from Texas will not despair upon that ground.
But it may be said, as I have already intimated,
that it is necessary to begin somewhere in connec-
tion with navigation. I am aware that it gives
great facility to a measure of this sort, to have the
transportation in connection with it greatly cheap-
ened ; and that it is very difficult to get over a long
distance with the ordinary means of transporta-
tion to carry on such a work successfully. But I
do not yet know that it is not to strike a pqint of
navigation. If it strikes anywhere on the rout*
navigable water, you may begin from that point
and work each way. That is a matter whicpcaa
be settled the moment the surveys are made, it*
the moment it is determined where the location
shall be. If you can find anywhere on the Arkansas,
or any other river, a point of navigation which
accessible, you may start from that point and ctnj
on your work witn success. But, suppose yott
fail in that. The President locates the road under
the provisions of the bill. Then arises the strug-
