754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
fie between Arkansas, Texas, Missouri, and
own. Then will come the efforts of each of those
States on the Mississippi to carry the road through
their limits to the Mississippi; and they will be
encouraged by the lands granted for that purpose.
And they wiil put forth their own exertions. I
should not be at nil surprised if we should find a
State miking a road suitable for a connection with
this road from the Mississippi river to its western
boundary. The proposition can be made. You
can ascertain whether a company will undertake
it; and if a company will undertake it, they will
nscertain whether you can go through a State or
not. Thev will ascertain that fact; and the same
company will undertake this work, knowing that
they must go to the Mississippi river, and they
wili see what provision they can make to accom-
plish that end. But my word for it, they will find
no difficulty at all. All those States will be de-
lighted to have the road through their domain.
Instead of finding obstacles through any one, they
would rather find encouragement given by legisla-
tive enactment, to carry them forward beyond the
State. This will be the case with Arkansas, or
any other State on the western side of the Missis-
sippi. I submit, therefore, to my honorable friend
from Texas, whether there is not something re-
maining still in this bill that makes it worthy of
his support, even if the amendment should be
adopted ?
Now, sir, I have no personal feeling in this mat-
ter at all. I have nothing in my mind to sway it
one way or the other, and I desire nothing but the
best route for the commerce of the country, for the
intercourse of the country; and so far as I am con-
cerned, it is perfectly immaterial to me whether
you go north or go south with the road, so be that
vou get the best site for it. That is all I desire.
1 do not feel that there is anything to sway us who
live in the East, one way or the other. We want
it brought into connection with the great commer-
cial avenues of the country; nothing else. I sup-
pose if you get connections at all, you can scarce-
ly fail to cross the avenues which lerd to all the
southern States and to all the northern States. If
it be brought to the Mississippi river, it cannot fail
eventually to come in connection with the roads
south, the roads north, the roads east, and in all
directions. You will see at once what an effort
will be made to form a union with it; only make
something certain, only adopt a beginning, and
when you have done that, you will see how much
of good feeling it will wake up in the community,
how much of zeal, how much of activity there will
be to meet such a great proposition as this, and to
come into a participation of the enjoyments of the |
benefits which belong to it. 1
Why, sir, I apprehend it to be one of the great-
est questions which has been presented to the
country for a long time, connecting with itselfcon-
siderations of more importance to this Govern-
ment than any which are usually considered in
this Chamber. One hardly knows how to em-
brace, even in the imagination, its benefits in the 1
future, which seems to be beginning, cs it were, to
dawn upon the country. One hardly can shadow
forth the events which seem to be coming upon
us—the magnitude of the commerce, the vast in-
crease of which is to grow up between this and the
Pacific, which is to extend eventually across that
great ocean to the shores of Asia. I wish, so far
as I can, to be prepared for these great events. I
wish to see our country consolidated by fraternal
feeling, and in all the States £ wish to have it
avail itself of the good things which Providence
has provided for it; and, sir, I do not despair after !
all, of making something out of this bill, which, I
in the future, is to be useful, even if it should not
be perfect now.
Mr. RUSK. When I said the bill was dead, I
believed it, and I believe it yet; but I believe if the
bill had passed on Saturday, and been then sent to
the House of Representatives, there mi flit have
been a possibility of taking it up in that House to-
day. It did not pass then, and when it will pass
God only knows. I do not believe it will pass at
all, for we are turned loose here on a sea of debate,
and no one can tell when it will terminate. '
I regret very much that my honorable friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] understands that
matter differently from what I do. When I pro-
posed to vote for the bill in the shape in which it
came from the committee, I had several objects in
~ One was the establishment of the road;
view.
another was to place it in such a condition that it
should nut become a monopoly, dangerous to the
public, and with unlimited powers to tax those
who might travel over the road. Then it was
connected from one end to the other. It gave
Congress power to regulate the tolls, the passage
money, and all the matters of that sort; and the
regulation under the original bill would have been
entirely within the contiol of Congress. It limit-
ed the profits to be made by the company to eight
percent. 011 their actual investments. Thisnmend-
ment disjoints the bill, and leaves the road under
the control of the United States, only so far as it
goes through the Territories. That will be the
only portion under the control of the Government,
because the amendment declares, that so far as it
goes through the States it shall be made entirely
under their authority and direction. Therefore,
so far as it goes within the States, there is no
money to be paid for it, and the United States is
to use it without having paid anything for it, ex-
cept in the proceeds of the land.
The honorable Senator says another thing: The
States will be very anxious for it to go through
them; there will be a rivalship existing between
them, and they will make it to the interest of the
company carrying the road through the Territories
to come through the States. The States, how-
ever, as a matter of course, will be very apt to give
the road within their limits to some company.
That company will not go to the extent of having
a continuous road subject to the same rules and
regulations. The probability is that the same
company which builds the road in the Territories
would get the grant from the States; and then the
same men would go 011 in another name to do
what they pleased within the States, whereas they
could not do it within the Territories. I can see
a thousand objections to the amendment, but these
are fatal. These men will go on under the name
of another company, and will make propositions
to the States. Everything will be thrown into
their hands. Tiie anxiety of the Legislatures
to connect with the road will induce them to give
unlimited authority. The effect then will be, that
one portion of the road will become an odious
monopoly. You will have a right to control the
freight and charges of the road so far as it goes
through the Territories, but so far as it goes
through the States, it will be subject only to the
terms which may be imposed in a scramble be-
tween the States to see which shall obtain the most
advantage. It will therefore be subject to what-
ever monoply those States may choose to grant.
In the Territories, under the bill, you can regulate
1 the charges, make the road a benefit to the com-
! munity, and confine the company to eight per
cent, profit on passengers and freight. You can
make the carriage of freight and passengers at
such a rate as to be a benefit to the whole commu-
nity. But the moment you come to run into one
of the States, the anxiety for the particular benefit
of the State will induce it to yield contracts, put-
ting no restraints,no restrictions upon them. As
soon, then, as you get to the States, the road will
be a monopoly, and the company can charge just
as much for freight and for passengers as they
choose to do. You have no control whatever over
them. In getting grants from the State Legisla-
tures, they will take especial care to avoid another
thing: they will want to drive off all capital and
all competition. Under the provisions of the bill
as it now stands, the company may be forced to
allow any branch of any other road to join with
them; but the States may, and probably would
give exclusive monopolies, the object being to ex-
clude other States adjoining them from making
branch roads. As the bill was reported, its prin-
ciples and details are so plain that he who runs
may read.
As to the Senator from California, [Mr. Wel-
ler,] I do not understand him. The bill proposes
to pay a part of the cost of constructing the road
in the State in money, in consideration that the
owners of the road shall carry the mails, troops,
&c. The amendment proposes that no such pay-
ment shall be made. How that amounts to the
same thing I cannot see. I think we had better
reject the amenftfnent. But even if the bill were
to pass unanimously, my opinion is, it will never
pass the House at this late day of the session,
because we have gone beyond the day when it was
possible that they could take it up. Sir, how can
gentlemen say that the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois, adopted on Saturday last, did not
kill the bill ? Then 1 saw the time that was taken
for the purpose. I saw the congratulations of the
honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,]
who had been absentall day enjoying himself, but
was in to witness, and to rejoice at llie death of
the bill; and I felt that when that amendment,
under those circumstances, was adopted, it was a
death-blow to the bill—it knocked out its brains.
It has made a few spasmodic efforts to-day, under
a sort of galvanic process, hut that will soon be
over, and it will fall quietly back into the sleep of
death.
Mr. GWIN. I shall vote to reject the amend-
ment, because I do not think it is possible to make
this bill a working machine unless the amendment
is rejected. Referring to my own Slate, I find
that there are seven hundred miles of this railroad
within that State, if it takes the direction which I
think it ought to. Then, if its terminus on the
Pacific should be the city of San Francisco, the
road has to pass through two ranges of mountains,
the Coast Ilangeand theSierra Nevada. Sixhun-
dred of these seven hundred miles are in an un-
inhabited country, of which one hundred miles ia
through a desert. Now, do you suppose that
there is any company that will, for alternate sec-
tions o? six miles on each side of the road, under-
take to build a railroad from San Francisco to the
Colorado, or from San Francisco over the Sierra
Nevada mountain in a northeastern direction, or
in any direction striking the eastern border of the
State? If such contractors can be found, will
they, in consideration of getting three thousand
eight hundred and forty acres of land per mile,
worth, at $1 25 per acre, about $4,800, obligate
themselves to carry the mails and the officers of
the Army and Navy of the United States, sup-
plies, &c., free of charge? These are the vast ad-
vantages under this hill which the Government of
the United States is to receive for this insignificant
grant of land; and can it be supposed that any
company will contract to build this road on such
conditions? Certainly not. It is an absurdity to
suppose such a thing possible.
In addition to that, I do not want to put Cali-
fornia in the power of any one set of contractors,
who have the more profitable portions of the road
through the Territories, where they get alternate
sections twelve miles on each side, and all the
money granted in this bill. I should like an op-
portunity for competition in California; that an in-
ducement should be held out for bidders to put in
proposals to begin the road at San Francisco, or on
the Pacific. I do not wish to see that portion of the
road forced into the hands of one great mammoth
company which may get the contract in the Ter-
ritories. I should like very much to have various
companies engaged on various sections of the
road. This was my great objection to the bill of
the Select Committee. The members of that
committee will do me the justice to say that I op-
posed, from the beginning, the limited appropri-
ation of land and money that was made in the
bill. I plead with them for a larger fund, both of
land and money, on the ground that I wanted this
to be a practicable working bill that would build
the road, and that the Government, in considera-
tion of the great advantages which it was to re-
ceive from its construction, should make an ample
appropriation to enable the parties to complete the
work.
Now I am anxious, deficient as I consider this
fund to be, not to make it less available than it
was under the original bill. I undertake to say
that if this amendment be adopted, if all the
money is to be expended in the Territories, and
none in the States, it will be impossible, so far as
my own State is concerned, to execute the law.
If this principle is incorporated in the bill, we shall
have no hope of a road being contracted for there
unless there is an immensely great increase in the
grant of lands in that State. My object is to get
this bill, defective as it is said to be, into a practi-
cable working shape, and on the statute-book, and
this can only be done by passing it as it was re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole. We
cannot arrange the details of a new bill. Every
Senator knows that, and the attempt is a mock-
ery. I wish this bill, as perfected by its friends in
the Committee of the Whole, to pass the Senate
as soon as possible, that we may have some hopes
of getting action upon it in the House.
1 cannot be blind to the fact that the enemies to
