756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 21,
nothing to do with the declaration which I made
in regard to that amendment. It is an independ-
ent proposition, simply requiring that the money .
shall be expended in the Territories.
Mr. CASS. 1 have no objection to that. Then
I was right in my view of the objection of the
Senator from California, which is, that the original
section remains, and that this Government is to get
jurisdiction over the subject-matter by consent of
the States. If that provision is retained, I shall
vote against the bill.
Mr. BELL. I want to inquire of any Senator
who can answer, whether this is anything more or
less, in reference to these questions of constitu-
tional power that have been started by various
Senators, than simply the question whether this
Government has the power to appropriate money
for the construction of a national object, a national
road, within a State; and it does not affect the ju-
risdiction otherwise in any respect whatever. It
is simply the power to appropriate money, which
I understand that Madison, and Monroe, and
Jackson, and Calhoun, and McDuffie have sanc-
tioned, again and again.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment, resulted—yeas 27, nays 25; as ;
follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Bradbury,
Bright, Brodhead, Cass, Charlton, Chase, Cooper, Daw-
son, De Sniissure, Douglas, Downs, Fitzpalrick, Hamlin,
Hunter, Mallory, Mason, Morton, Pearce, Pheips, Shields,
Soiitd, Toucpy, Walker, and Weller—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell-^ Borland, Brooke, Clarke, Davis,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Foot, Geyf-r, Gwin,
Hale, Houston, Jones of iowa. Jones of Tennessee, Man-
gum, Miller, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian,Seward,Smith, Spru- 1
ance, Sumner, Underwood, and Wade—25.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I have another amendment
to offer in the sixth section, in order to carry out
the principle which has been incorporated in the
bill by the amendment just adopted. It is to in-
sert after the word " road," where it first occurs,
the words " within the Territories," and to insert
before the provision in relation to forfeiture the
following: ,j
" That whenever fifty miles of said road shall have been
completed within the lnnitsof any State, as now organized,
in a manner satisfactory to the President of the United
States, said contractors shall be entitled to four fifths of the
public lands to which the completion of said fifty miles may '
entitle them under the provisions of this act; and so on for
each successive fifty miles until the road shall be com- \
pleted within the limits of such Stale; and when all the
terms of the contract have been fully complied with, tliey ;
shall be entitled to receive the remaining one fifth of the j i
public lands." ,
Mr. BORLAND. I was in hopes, when this
bill was introduced, and in the various stages of I
its progress, that it would not be made to assume ,
a sectional character; that we should not assume,
by legislation here, and by the provisions of the
bill, to fix the location of this road, or do any-
thing which would give it a sectional character,
either North or South. In that spirit, on Saturday,
when a proposition was made here to declare that
it should not go beyond a certain point, Memphis,
on the Mississippi, which, so far as the bill could
have provided, would have procured its passage !
through my State, I voted against it. I voted
against the amendment, because I was opposed to
giving the bill any sectional character whatever.
But the amendment which we adopted just now,
and of which this that follows is put a part and
parcel, does, in my opinion, give it a sectional
character, and by express legislation in this bill
excludes the whole range of southern States, from
any participation nn the benefits of this road.
Look at the country through which this road is
to go, and you will find that by the terms of the
bill, you have made provision that it shall not pass
through that southern range to which I refer. You
have made it necessary, in order to enable the
company to avail itself of the means given, to
make the road at a point north of the country to
which 1 allude. Sir, you have given $20,000,000 to
a company to make the road through the Territo-
ries; and what have you given for making the
road through the States > Land. You have given
lands in the Terntories also, but you give no
money for the States. I ask, if you have author-
ity to make this road at all, are not the States as
much entitled to have that portion of the road
which runs through their limits aided by an ap-
propriation of money, as that portion which runs
through the Territories? Why not, sir? But
you give a large portion of land in the Territories,
more in the Territories than in the States, and you
give $20,000,000 besides for the road in the Terri-
tories.
Why should you give this preference to that
portion of the road within the Territories, over
that portion within the States? If you pass the
bill, you recognize the right of the Government to
make a road, and to appropriate the means of
making it; and then you make a distinction as to
the kind of means you make use of in one case
and in the other. What means do you give to
Texas to build this road?
Mr. RUSK. And to Arkansas ?
Mr. BORLAND. Yes, sir, of course, because
if the road is not run through Texas, you cannot
get it through Arkansas without taking a very
great bend, and leaving the straight line. I can-
not see the fairness of this provision. I would not,
if an amendment were offered to make Arkansas
the thoroughfare of this road, vote for it. I should
vote against it; and I should go for a simple, and
even for a stronger reason, against all provisions
which will make it certain that the road must go
north of us, and leave us out of the question alto-
gether. Sir, there is no soundness as the bill now
stands in the provision which you make in the be-
ginning of it, that a survey and exploration shall
be made, and that the President shall locate the
route in accordance with the survey and explora-
tion, because, by the provision which you have
just voted in, you render the whole action nuga-
tory; and if it should be demonstrated by this
survey that the route through Texas, and through
Arkansas was the better, and in fact the only
practicable route, it would be entirely out of the
power of the President to give the work on the
road to a company who could build it on that
route. Therefore it is that I say the adoption of
the amendment has imparted a sectional character
to the bill.
Sir, the Senator from Texas was right when he
said, on Saturday last, that the provision then
adopted, and now adopted, emasculated the bill
so far as all fairness in it is concerned, so far as
all absence of sectionalism in it is concerned. It
has emasculated and rendered the bill entirely
worthless for the purposes for which it was pro-
posed. It gives money for building the road—
where? In the deserts where every foot will have
to be made to the right and to the left before you
can avail yourself of the benefits of the road for
any practical purposes whatever, either to carry
the materials with which it is to be constructed,
or to make it pay tolls in any manner to help to
defray its expenses.
When the Senator from Kentucky was speaking
a little while ago on this subject, he seemed to
think that there was no precedent for such a pro-
ceeding as this. Sir, I had it in my mind to suggest
to him and to show him that there was a pre-
cedent for just such a proposition as this amend-
ment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. What is it?
Mr. BORLAND. Why, sir, in that noble
work, the product of the genius of Dean Swift,
I mean Gulliver's Travels, he makes his traveler
go into a country where he found that specu-
lations of all kinds had been carried to the highest
degree of refinement; to the metaphysics of meta-
physics, if I may so call it, and there he found
various projectors. Some of them are not men-
tioned, but one he found, to whom I had occasion
to allude the other day, who discovered that all
preceding architects had been wrong in the prin-
ciples upon which they had built houses; that they
began at the wrong entl, because they had begun
at the foundation and built upwards, and he con-
ceived the sublime idea of beginning up in the air
and building down. It seems to me that the
proposed construction of this railroad, with this
amendment, would be something like that. You
propose to begin out in the desert, in a country
where it is not yet needed, and where it will not
be of any value whatever, and cannot be used
until you have carried it right and left to the Pa-
cific ocean and to the Mississippi river.
Now, I am for beginning the construction of this
road, but I wish to make it to and from some point
where you can begin to carry out your laborers and
your materials, and where, from the time you
have made five miles of it, profit can be derived to
be aiding in its construction. Do not talk to me
about the value of the appropriation of land to the
Statea as anything like equivalent to the appropri-
ation of land and twenty millions of money in
the Territories. Sir, it may satisfy some gentle-
men, but it does not answer the purposes for
which my constituents desire and need the road.
For these reasons I must vote against the amend-
ment, and I consider the bill, in its present shape,
is not good for any useful purpose.
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, I have re-
garded this great work as one essentially of na-
tional importance, and one which, according to
all the authority laid do wn by the leaders of Demo-
cratic gentlemen, came within the constitutional
powers of this Government. 1 have been disposed,
at all events, to lend it a hearty and cordial co-
operation; but if amendments be continued, such
as those which have just been adopted, I shall
wash my hands of it, and shall not vote for it. I
think the amendment which has just been adopted
emasculates, debilitates, and destroys it; and I
think the friends of the measure ought to wait for
better times, if better times are coming, and with
a view of giving an opportunity for consideration,
and as I want to look to the effect of this matter,
I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. BROOKE. I would ask the gentleman
from North Carolina to withdraw that motion
or a moment, simply for the purpose of allowing
me to submit an amendment, in order that it may
be printed, so that Senators may see it in the
morning.
Mr. MANGUM. I withdraw it for that pur-
pose.
Mr. BROOKE. I had the honor, when the bill
was introduced by the Senatorfrom California, to
offer an amendment similar to the one which I
now hold in my hand. That bill and my amend-
ment have both been overslaughed by the bill of
the Select Committee; and I am now convinced that
neither of those bills can pass. I have modified
my amendment in a manner which I think will
meet with the views of members of the Senate. I
wish to offer it informally now, and to have it
printed.
There being no objection, the amendment was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Before the close of the
session on Saturday, I renewed the amendment
which 1 offered in Committee of the Whole, pro-
viding for a reconnoissance and survey. I think
this debate and the vote recently taken have shown
that that is the only practicable measure. I think
that has the preference over the amendment of the
Senator from Mississippi.
On motion by Mr. MANGUM,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 21, 1853.
The House metat eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. James Gallaher.
■ The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the civil and diplomatic
bill, reported on Saturday from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and upon
which the previous question was ordered.
Mr. FITCH. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to withdraw from the files the petition
and papers of Mrs. Eaton, in reference to a pen-
sion.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
order will be entered.
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to know if the motion I submitted on Mon-
day last, to suspend the rules, does not take pre-
cedence of the civil and diplomatic bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. BOCOCK. The previous question has
been moved upon the civil and diplomatic bill, and
that bill comes up under the rules of the House
and according to the rules of the House. But I
have first made a motion to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. There is this distinction:
the gentleman's motion is to suspend the rules,
but the rules have not yet been suspended. In
the other case the House has taken action, and
ordered the main question to be put, and it must
be put, before the House can take action on the
motion to suspend the rules. In the one case the
House has taken action, and in the other it has
not.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call up for consideration
the civil and diplomatic bill.
