1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7fi9
IT"
gentleman will withdraw hia motion until I make
an amendment, *o that we may have a question
before ttie committee.
Mr. BROWN. I withdraw my motion for that
purpose.
Mr. JONES. I more to strike out the first
section of lite bill, which is in the following words:
" He it wnmrttJ by Ikr Semat* **4 Ham— Rtfrtunt-
Wwi «/ Mi I'niltd Siala •/ Jiwnni m C*ngrtn at-
irmMrJ, That the fidloannf timw be.  nl they are hereby,
appropriated n«t of any uoerr in the Tnwnr| not other-
*w appropriated, # r the pwpoae olparmg thr current and
ratline**! eipeasm m the Indian Itopartwent, and t'ulflU-
ug treaty •upalamw* with the virion* Indian uiba*."
Mr. BROWN obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I want to ob-
tain the door for the purpose of being enabled to
address the committee before any motion is made
to close debate. I more, then, as 1 presume the
bill wilt aot be considered this evening, that the
committee do now rise. I hope that the commit-
tee will rise, and that debate on this bill will be
closed to-morrow.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Thecommitteeartcordingly rose,and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman [Mr. Bo-
coca] reported that the committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, ami particularly bill of
the House, No. 33, entitled " A bill making ap-
' propriations for the current and contingent ex-
* pen sea of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling
* treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, for
* the year ending June 30,1854," and had come
to no resolution thereon.
MART W. THOMPSON.
Mr. MlLLSON.*Iaskthe unanimous consent
of the House for leave to report back from the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, Senate
bill No. 125, entitled " An act for the relief of
Mary W. Thompson "
There was no objection, and the bill was reported
to the House, read a first and second time, and
then read through.
Mr. MILLSON. I need hardly say anything
la support of the bill which has just been read.
[Cries of " We will Tote it through!"]
Mr. MILLSON. I propose to more an amend-
ment to that bill, which has also received the ap-
probation of the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions, the nature of which I will suae tcr the
House. At the last session of Congress, the Sen-
ate passed a bill for the relief of Mrs. Elizabeth
V. Lomax, widow of Major Mann P. Lomax, ,
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole ,
House. These two bills were among the very
first that were acted upon by the Senate. The {
one for the relief of Mrs. Lomax allowed her a i
pension during widowhood. It came up for eon- '
nderation in the House at the present session on
objection day, and the House baring before thai
time adopted an amendment to Mrs. Worth's bill,
restricting her pension to five years, a similar
amendment was moved by the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Harris] to the Sill for the relief
of Mrs. Lomax. As any discussion of this amend-
ment would hsve carried the bill over, it was
adopted tui nientie, its friends fearing that it might
not be again reached daring the session.
After that time, however, several other bills
which had passed the Senate at a later period,
granting pensions during life or widowhood, to
the widows of officers of the Army, were taken
from the Speaker's table, under a suspension of
the rales, and passed without being referred to any
standing committee, or to the Committee of the
Whole, and in the precise shape in which they
had passed the Senate. The House having after-
wards receded from its amendment in the case of
Mrs. Worth, the ease of Mrs. Lomax was the
solitary exception to the course of legislation
adopted in these instances, and the object of the
amendment I now propose, is to restore Mm. ,
Lomax to the position in which t^e Senate bill
placed her. Her claim was probably the strongest
of the whole of theij, and the House will not, 1
am sure, make a discrimination kgainst this lady,;
whose husband had faithfully served his country j
for thirty-five years, without ever having received
a furlough, or aisobeyed an order, and who came to
his death from exposure in the Swamps of Florida,
where he volunteered to go, immediately on re-
ceiving intelligence-of Dade's massacre.
The amendment is as follows:
" And the pension heretofore allowed to Mm. Elisabeth
V. Loiuttt, widow of Mann P. Lnmiu, late Major of the
Ordnance Corps, shall commence on the iTtli dny of March, 1
1IM3, and roumrae for and during her widowhood." >
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit that the
amendment is not in order to a private bill. I do
not raise this question for the purpose of keeping
out the amendment, but merely to prevent here-
after this thing of moving one private bill as
amendment to another becoming a precedent. If
this amendment is in order, every private bill on
the Speaker's table might be offered as amend-
ments to this bill.
The SPEAKER. According to the practice the
amendment is not in order.
Mr.,MILLSON. It is strictly in order, and
there have bean numerous precedents to which I
will call the attention of the House.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman from Tennes-
see, as I understand, does not object to the pas-
sage of the amendment in this instance.
[Cries of "There is no objection to the amend-
ment!"]
The amendment being admitted by unanimous
consent, the question was taken, and it was
adopted.
The bill was then ordered to be rend a third
time, and being, according to order, read a third
time, it was passed.
JOHN BUFFrNGTON.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House, that my col-
league [Mr. Mace] from the Committee on Claims,
may report a bill for the relief of John Hufling-
ton. I will only say to the House, that Mr. Huf-
fington is very old, so feeble as scarcely to be able
to walk, and nearly blind. He is here without
means, and ia a great burden to me personally. If
tne bill should not pass at this session it is not
likely the old man will live to enjoy the benefits of
its provisions. The claim is so well sustained, and
so free from objection, that it has, as I under-
stand, received the unanimous approval of the
Committee on Claims. I ask, then, as an act of
right and justice to the claimant, and as a personal
favor towards myself, that the bill be reported and
acted upon.
Mr. MACE then, from the Committee on
Claims, reported the following bill:
" A bill for tke relief of Jobn Haffiagton;"
Which was read a first and second time by its
title, and then read through.
The SPEAKER." The bill contains an appro-
priation, and must be committed under the rules.
The rule requiring bills containing appropria-
tions, to be first considered in the Committee of the
Whole, was, bv unanimous consent, suspended.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and having been engrossed, was,
according to order, read the third time, and passed.
ELI DARLING.
Mr. BOWKE. I ask the unanimous consent of
Ute House for leave to introduce "A bill for the
relief of Eli Darling," of which previous notice
has been given.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it the object of the gen-
tleman to put it on its passage or move its refer-
ence to a committee?
Mr. BOWNE. It has passed this House once,
and I desire to put it on its passage.
Mr. LETCHER. I object; and I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. BO WNE. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose I have already indicated.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to suspend the rules.
MARY WOODWARD.
Mr. VENABLE. I ask the unanimous con-
tent of the House for leave to take up and put on
its passage, Senate bill No. 463, for the relief of
Mrs. Mary Woodward, whose husband was
drowned at the mouth of the Clamath river, in
California, whilst in the naval service of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
We had the question presented tne other day, and
I understood the Speaker to decide that it was not
right for any gentleman to borrow a proposition
The Chair must overrule
from another member to present to the House,
and it is perfectly manifest that my friend went
half way across the Hall to borrow a bill in order
to carry out his purpos
The SPEAKER. '
the point of order.
Mr. VENABLE. My friend is mistaken about
the facts.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I ask the gen-
tleman what was the rank of this officer ?
_Mr. VENABLE. Lieutenant; and the bill pro-
vides $30 n month.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I suggest to the
gentleman from North Carolina, instead of moving
to put this bill upon its passage, that the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions be permitted to report the
bill they have had before them. I know that the
question was before them, and that they instruct-
ed their chairman to report the bill. I do not
recollect the amount they gave the applicant.
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to suspend the rules.
COMMODORE DECATUR'S WIDOW.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up Senate bill No. 265, for
the relief of the widow of Commodore Decatur.
It will take but a moment.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object to the considera-
tion of that bill.
Mr. DAWSON. I move to suspend the rules.
The question was then taken upon suspending
the rules, and it was decided in the negative.
Mr. BROWN,of Mississippi. I move to take
up Senate bill No. 586, to extend preemption rights
to unsurveyed lands, and for other purposes. *It
is a bill to grant preemptions to settlers on the
lands along the line of railroads to which grants
have been made by Congress.
Mr. STUART. Before the gentleman submits
his motion, I ask him to yield me the floor a mo-
ment, that I may ask the House to take up the
bill which was objected to ths other day. It is
Senate bill No. 465, to amend an act entitled " An
1 act authorizing the sale of certain military sites,"
approved March 3, 1819.
Mr. BROWN. 1 cannot object.
A Member. I object.
Mr. BROWN. I move to take up the bill
which I have already indicated.
Several Members. I object.
Mr. BROWN. I move a suspension of the
rules for that purpose.
The question was then taken on suspending the
rules, and it was decided in the negative.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. STUART. I want the attention of the
gentleman from Virginia one moment. I wish to
take up Senate bill No. 465, to amend an act" au-
thorizing the sale of military sites."
Mr. WHITE, of Kentucky. I move that when
this House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Wed-
nesday next, as to-morrow, the 23d, is Washing-
ton's birth-day.
Mr. STUART. I wish the gentleman from
Virginia, and the House to hear me one moment.
The SPEAKER. That can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. STUART. I have aright to appeal to the
gentleman from Virginia.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan—the Chair would be glad if the House in-
dulged him—wants to make a speech. He has
a right to appeal to the gentleman from Virginia
to withdraw his motion, out nota right to discuss
the proposition.
Mr, HART. Is the gentleman from Michigan
entitled to the floor ? •
The SPEAKER. He is entitled to the floor
to ask the gentleman from Virginia to withdraw
his motion.
Mr. STUART. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to withdraw the motion to adjourn, and
allow me to introduce a bill from the Senate, and
ask the House to pass it. .
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I wished to explain
some things at several times, and the gentleman
from Michigan objected.
The question was then taken on Mr. Whim; i
motion, and it was decided in the negative. .
So the House refused to adjourn over till Wed-
neThe question was then taken on Mr. Letcher's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative.
