760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22,
So the House adjourned till to-morrow at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions and memorials were presented
wider the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. EASTMAN : The petition of cttrzensof Wiscon-
sin tor a mail route from Prairie du Chien, via Boydstown,
Richland Creek, and Richmond, to Mu*coda.
By Mr. BELL : The memorial of 44 old soldiers from
Knox county, Ohio, who served in the wars of the United
States under General Wavne, or the war of 181k2, mating
the respective ages of the memorialists, and asking Con-
gress to aineiMl the bounty land laws so as to give to each
officer and sofdier who served in any of our wars one hun
dred and sixty acres of land, deducting therefrom whatever
may have been received under former laws.
Also, the petition of 36 citizens of Greene county, Ohio,
praying for the passage of Stanly's bill to aid in coloni-
zation, and also asking the recognition of the independence
of the Republic of Liberia.
Also, the petition ot 53 citizens of the same county, pray-
ing for the enure prohibition of carrying the mail on the
Sabbath.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 22, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, communicating, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate, a report of Lieutenant
Meigs, with surveys, plans, and estimates for sup-
plying the cities of Washington and Georgetown
with water; which was ordered to be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Navy, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate, respecting
the establishment of a line of mail and war steam-
are between the western coast of the United States
end the free ports of China; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, in an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate, relative to the
establishment of permanent arsenals and depots
of arms on the Pacific, the Gulf, the southern At-
lantic, and the northern Atlantic coasts; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
THE INDIGENT INSANE BILL.
Mr. HAMLIN moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill making a grant of
lands to the several States of the Union, for the
relief and support ofindigent insane persons; but,
at the request.of several Senators, he permitted
the morning business to be proceeded with by
unanimous consent.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. PITZPATRICK presented the memorial
of the agent of the State of Alabama, praying that
provision may be made for the settlement of the
claims of that State for the services of her militia in
the suppression of Indian hostilities in the years
1836 and 1837, still remaining unpaid; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. RUSK presented the petition of Martha
Brennan, praying indemnity for a crop of cotton
destroyed by the American troops during the late
war with Mexico; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of A.
W. Bowman, an officer of the Army, praying to
be allowed compensation for services out of the
line of his regular duties; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, three petitions of citizens of Monroe county,
New York, praying that the bill making grants of
land for railroads and for other purposes, may
become a law; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Brooklyn and New
York, praying that a contract may be entered into
with Christian Hansen for the transportation of
the mails between Brooklyn and Gluckstadt, and
between Kiel and St. Petersburgh; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. COOPER presented a memorial of the
Board of Trade of Philadelphia, praying that the
law requiring letters'addressed to the owners,
consignees, and charterers of ships arriving from
all foreign ports, to be deposited in the post office,
may be repealed; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of clergymen of
Albany, New York, praying that measures may
be taken to secure religious liberty to American
citizens abroad; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. FELCH presented a petition of E. C.
Semnen, asking the patronage of the Senate to a
volume of essays on the progress of nations in
civilization, productive industry, wealth, and pop-
ulation, published by Charles Scnbner; which
was referred to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. DOWNS presented the petition of the
President of the Vicksburg, Shreveport, and Tex-
as Railroad Company, praying a grant of land to
aid in the construction of that road, and inasmuch
as the Senate had acted upon the subject, he
moved that it lie on the table and be printed, as it
contained some valuable information.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHASE presented two petitions of citizens
of Tuscarora and Jefferson counties in Ohio,pray-
ing that the homestead bill may become a law;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. GEYER presented the petition of Elias P.
West, praying compensation for his services as
late United States district attorney for the Terri-
tory of New Mexico; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of captains
and pilots of steamboats and others, praying the
erection of a beacon light on Lune Rock, in New-
port harbor, Rhode Island; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
He also submitted additional documents in sup-
port of the claims of the owners of the fishing
schooner Union; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition of citizens
of Indiana, of German origin, praying that fur-
ther aid may be extended to the line of mail steam-
ers between New York and Bremen; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of citizens of
Springfield, Massachusetts, praying that the ar-
mories of the United States may be placed under
the superintendence of civil, instead of military
officers; which was ordered to lie on the table.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1854.
I Mr. WELLER. 1 hope that motion will not i
I prevail. I desire that the Senate should proceed
to-day, to the unfinished business of yesterday—
i the Pacific railroad bill. We made considerable 1
j progress, and I think healthy progress, yesterday, [
i towards the completion of the bill for the construc- !
tion of that road. 1 think it is due to the import-
ance of the work that we should decide the ques-
tion to-day. If it be, as some Senators suppose,
dead, it is necessary at all events to get its carcass
out of the way, that we may proceed with other '
legislative business. I said yesterday, that I
thought there was vitality enough in it yet. I
shall therefore vote against the motion of the Sen-
ator from Virginia, with the view to proceed to
the consideration of the bill which was under con-
i sideration yesterday.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have the sense
of the Senate upon the motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suppose I am entitled to
have the motion which I submitted to the Senate
put. I had not yielded the floor to any one. I
understood the Chair to suggest that memorials
and reports could be received if nobody objected.
I assented, and I did what the Senator from'Texas
did the other day: suspend the motion by unani-
mousconsent. IdidnotsupposethatI hadyielded
the floor in any sense. I have not taken my seat.
I have not withdrawn my motion, and I desire
to have the sense of the Senate upon it.
_ Mr. HUNTER. I suppose it is not in the
power of one member to keep the control of the !|
business of the Senate in that way. It cannot
make much difference which question is put first.
If the majority of the Senate are in favor of taking
up the bill mentioned by the Senator, they will
vote down my motion. If they are in favor of
; taking up the Army bill, they will vote down his
motion.
j Mr. HAMLIN. I do not suppose it is in the
I power of one member to control the business of
I th® Senate, but I submitted the motion clearly
I and distinctly, and 1 understood the Chair to sug-
I gest that other matters could come in by unani-
mous consent, and I have stood here consenting,
but I have not withdrawn my motion. I have not
yielded the floor in any other way than I under-
stood the Chair, that other matters could be re-
ceived by unanimous consent; myself or any
other Senator having the right to interpose an ob-
jection at any time.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the question will bs
put, and that we shall have the sense of the Sen-
ate upon it. I am pledged to press the question
in relation to the appropriation bills. When one
o'clock comes, we shall have a special order, and
unless we take up the Army bill in the morning
hour it will not be considered at all. The morn-
ing business is not important now because the
session is nearly closed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope that the Senator
from Virginia will not be indulged in his motion,
until we get through with reports; and then 1 hope
we will take up the motion of the Senator from
Maine to amend the rules, and adopt a rule which
shall say that we shall decide all questions in re-
lation to the priority of business without debate;
for, as it is now, we lose half of every morning
in the struggle and debate as to what measure
we shall take up.
Mr. Hunter's motion was rejected. .
Mr. GWIN. I give notice that when the
Army bill comes up, I shall move an amendment
to it in the way of an additional section, being the
amendment offered by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Brodhead] to the celebrated Pacific
railroad bill. Inasmuch as he aided in killing that
bill, I hope he will not object to my stealing his
thunder.
INDIGENT INSANE.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now submit the motion to
postpone all prior orders, for the purpose of taking
up for consideration the bill for the relief of the
indigent insane.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope that bill will not
be taken up now. We want an opportunity this
morning to do the regular morning business.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senator from Ken-
tucky will not object. This is an important bill.
When it is acted on, I will go with the Senator
from Kentucky for amending the rule, as he sug-
gested. I hope my motion will be put.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. BRADBURY called
for the yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am in favor of the bill at the
proper time, but I shall vote against taking it up,
because the morning business has not been dis-
posed of yet. I agree with the Senator from Ken-
tucky, that we ought to have an opportunity to
attend to that first, as we have not had one for a
week. For that reason 1 shall vote against the
motion of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. WELLER. I am constantly placed in a
false position, some how or other. I am compelled
to vote against the motion to take up the bill. I
am anxious that the bill should pass, but I must
vote against taking itup now, for the reason that 1
desire to proceed to the unfinished business of
yesterday.
Mr. BRADBURY. I believe this is the only
opportunity there will be to take up that bill. I
am in favor of it, and I shall vote to take it up at
this time.
Mr. DOWNS. I am in favor of this bill, but
I do not want to take up any bill at this time, when
it is necessary that we should have an opportunity
to do the regular morning business. How it is
that gentlemen cannot wait for half an hour for the
morning business, I cannot understand. I must,
therefore, vote against taking up the bill proposed,
and everything else.
The question was then taken, with the following
result—yeas 15, nays 26:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Bradbury, Cooper, Davis,
Fitzpatrick, Foot, Hainlin, Miller, Pearce, Seward, Smith,
Sprnanee, Sumner, and Wade—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Borland,
Bright, Brodhead, Cass, Charlton, De Saussure, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Felch, Geyer, Gwin,
Hunter, Mallory, Mangnm, Mason, Morton, Pettit, Pratt,
Rusk, Sebastian, Walker, and Weller—26.
So the motion was not agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WELLER moved that the Pacific railroad
bill be taken up; but at the suggestion of several
