764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22,
and what vert the sentiments of steamboat men i
in relation to the law and its operation, for I told
him it was probable, from the representations
which I had seen, that an attempt would be made
at this session of Congress to modify, or do some-
thing to lessen what I considered its good pro-
visions. His answer was, " I have inquired ex-
' tensively; I have examined it as well as I could;
1 and my opinion is, that there is not a good man
• in the whole steamboat interest that is not in
' favor of it." To my mind that answer was satis-
factory, so far as the operation of the bill in that
region of country was concerned.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not know that I should
have said a word if it had not been for the last
remark of the honorable Senator from Arkansas,
relating a conversation which he had with a steam-
boat captain in his neighborhood. I reside at a
point where some seven or eight steamboat cap-
tains live, and where there are perhaps one hun-
dred officers of steamboats, and ♦ have yet to con-
verse with the first gentleman connected with the
steamboat interest who is not opposed to the
genera! provisions of this law, and every one of
them is opposed to carrying it into operation at
as early a period as is proposed by this bill. 1
have sent to my room for, and I am sorry that I
have not been able to find it to lay before the Sen-
ate, the proceedings of a public meeting, which
has been held, denouncing the law, but at the
same time expressing a determination to adhere
to its provisions, but asking an extension of the
time. They ask for twelve months. I am glad
that the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
has moved to give steamboat owners three months,
but I still hope that the amendment of the Senator
from Maryland will prevail, and that we shall ex-
tend the time further than is proposed by theSen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Gentlemen seem to argue this question as
though there was something criminal in being the -
owner of a steamboat. There are, sir, emphati-
cally two sides to this question. The law of the
last session is, in its nature, an ex post facto law;
it is retroactive. It requires gentlemen who have
invested all their capital in a certain species of
property in a certain way, to go to work and
undo, in part, what they have done. It is not
entirely convenient to many of them to command
the means necessary to make the additional
equipments to their boats, and to make the change
provided for by the law. It operates as an ex-
treme hardship upon many. It is so considered
by men who intend, in good faith, to carry out
it provisions; but they ask that time be given to
enable them to do so. They ask nothing more,
in my judgment, than what is reasonable and just
and proper, and which should be granted. The
time asked for by the honorable Senator from
Maryland is not too much.
An embarrassing feature connected with this
law, is the immense interest upon which it oper-
ates. It operates alike over the sea, on the rivers,
and on the lakes, and therein consists its chief de-
fect. The same law which is useful in a practi-
cal point of view, as applied to steamboats on the
sea, is not at all applicable to our rivers and our
lakes; and this law operates upon every steam-
vessel plying within the limits of the United
States, upon the remote rivers, and upon the re-
mote parts of our western States, where, as I re-
marked before, it is not quite convenient for many
persons interested in this species of property to
command the capital necessary to make this
change.
Another thing: a part of the equipments pro-
Tided for by the law are a patent right; and I un-
derstand they have to be bought of certain per-
sons, and can be purchased of none other. It is
quite convenient, where people live in the vicinity
of the patentees, to make arrangements to get the
necessary life-boats, but it is not quite so conve-
nient for many others, who live remote from the
patentees, to obtain them. These are questions
groper to be considered; and when the honorable
enator from Arkansas undertakes to speak of
the feeling among western steamboat officers in
reference to this bill, I tell him that he is mistaken.
He has no right to speak for those in the vicinity
where I live. I speak what I know when I say
that nine tenths of them are opposed to it; but
•while they express their opposition openly, they i
also avow their determination to carry out its pro- i|
visions as good citizens ought to do. They uk,
however, that an extension of time be given to |
them, in order that the law may operate less pre-
judicially upon their interests than it would if
earned into immediate operation. I think there
is nothing unreasonable or unjust in the request;
and I think the amendment of the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland should prevail. If it does
not, I shall vote for the resolution of the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. BORLAND. I did not assume the right
to speak for the constituents or the neighbors of
the Senator from Indiana. I expressly spoke for
my own. I stated my authority, and I gave the
character of the individual upon whom I relied as
authority; and I venture to say he is as reliable
upon the subject as any other man. He is not
only the commander, but the owner of his boat,
and his interest is as much affected, to the amount
of his capital, the whole of which is invested in
that river, as any one else. His whole life, from
boyhood to the present day—and now he is well
advauced in years—has been engaged in this bus-
iness. So far as authority may go, I have his
opinion; I hufve the opinion of those men in the
valley of the Mississippi who have been longest
engaged in this business, whose reputation, I ven-
ture to say, is highest, for saying that this is a
good law, and will accomplish the object for which
it was intended. I speak particularly of John
Shallcross, of Louisville, Kentucky, who, for up-
wards of thirty years—for nearly thirty-five years
of his life—has been upon the Ohio and Missis-
sippi rivers, in the command and ownership of
steamboats, and during that whole time he has
never had the first accident to life and property
upon his boats. He is now one of the inspectors
appointed by the President to carry this law into
execution. He is of the opinion that it is bene-
ficial in its provisions; that it will be effective in its
operation to cure the evils to which it was intended
to apply. When I have the opinion of such men,
1 feel disposed to rely upon it, and so far as my
vote is concerned, I shall rely upon it. I repeat,
sir, that if there is any objection to this resolution
at all, it is that it extends the time too far.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, the bill which
the honorable Senatorfrom Massachusetts brought
forward at the last session I regarded at that time,
and I so regard it now, as one of the most import-
ant that was ever brought before this body. I said
then that the details of the bill would require
amendment in many respects; that they were im-
practicable both upon fresh and salt water. The
bill, however, was passed here without scarcely
any investigation, the utmost confidence being
placed in the judgment of the honorable Senator
who had devoted his time to it. I have taken the
opportunity of conversing with a great many
steamboat owners and captains, and 1 have yet to
find the man who does not say that the bill is im-
practicable in some of its'details, if confined to the
time which the law contemplates for its going into
effect. If my recollection serves me, the Secretary
of the Treasury only recently, but a few weeks
ago, issued one of his orders describing the man-
ner in which boiler plate iron should be stamped;
and the owners of steamboats previous to that
publication had no means of knowing any regula-
tion of the Treasury Department upon the subject.
I suppose it is not an extravagant estimate to say
that we have $20,000,000 of capital embarked in
this species of enterprise, which certainly demands
the consideration of this body; and it is nothing
but reasonable and right, that as citizens of the '!
United States have embarked this amount of cap-
ital under existing laws, when you change the
whole routine by which the property is managed, !
a reasonable time should be given to this vast in-
terest to conform itsplf to the rules prescribed. I I
think that the amendment of the honorable Sena- j
tor from Maryland gives too short a time, and if
there is any fault in that it is on that account, and
it requires extension. ;
Mr. HAMLIN. I rise to correct a misappre- i
hension on the part of the honorable Senator from
Indiana. He says that the bill of the last session |
provides some specific kind of patented article '
that must be purchased by owners of steamboats. |
I say to the Senator from Indiana that he is entirely
mistaken in that particular. There is not from the 1
beginning to the end of that bill a single patented
article required to be purchased, but the whole
field was left open. Xhe owners of steamboat? !
were l«ft at liberty to purchase any article* which, I
within the judgment of the inspectors, should be
deemed adequate for the purpose.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am not mistaken in thefact
that this bill by its provisions required metallic
life-boats. They were originally a patented arti-
cle. Whether they are so or not now I cannot
say, but I do undertake to say that no such article
is manufactured west of the Allegany mount-
ains. Every officer that navigates a boat in the
western waters, is, under the provisions of the bill,
bound to come east of those mountains to get his
life-boats, because there are none such as are re-
quired by the provisions of the law, made in any
of the western States.
Mr. RUSK. The honqrable Senator will allow
me to correct him. There is an establishment
now in Louisville, Kentucky, I am informed, set
up by Mr. Francis.
Mr. BRIGHT. When was it established ?
Mr. RUSK. I do not know, but I believe it is in
operation now. I have seen an advertisement to
that effect.
Mr. BRIGHT. I cannot be mistaken, or at
least those from whom I derive my information
cannot be mistaken. I am sorry that I did not
know the subject was to come up to-day. If I had
known it, I should have been prepared to satisfy
Senators that the delay asked for was not unrea-
sonable. I have letters from the commanders and
owners of boats saying that they cannot purchase
life-boats west of the mountains. They have to
come east, and cannot make the changes required
by the provisions of the law.
Mr. SEWARD. One of the articles which is
required by the law, is a metallic life-boat, and
there is no adequate and sufficient metallic life- boat,
except Francis's life-boat. He is the only manu-
facturer of them in the United States. The manu-
facturer sent a letter to me, and I suppose to all
the other Senators, saying that the operation of the
bill need not be postponed because he could not
supply life-boats. To-day I have received a letter
from Mr. Newton, the great steamboat proprietor
on the Hudson river, dated yesterday, in which
he says:
" I sent two men to the office of Francis's life-boat with
a request for six life-boats. The answer was, 'You can
leave your order, but we cannot deliver them in any certain
time ; so many orders on hand that it is impossible to name
time; it will certainly be over a month.' "
This meets the question which the honorable
Senator from Indiana has been discussing. But
I wish to say a few words in regard to the general
subject. Coming as I do from the State of New
York, in which is the Hudson river, upon which
there is engaged a very large steamboat interest,
I am satisfied of two things: In the first place,
this general law is necessary; and in the next
place, it would be a better law" than human wit
ever devised, if it were in all respects perfect. The
few defects which have been found in it have been
considered by the Committee on Commerce, and
the result of our discussions has been presented to
the Senate by the honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusets in this resolution. Though 1 was in-
clined to wish that a longer time and a greater re-
laxation of the rigors of the law should be allowed,
I have nevertheless become satisfied that the best
compromise we could make at this stage of the
session, was to adopt the amendatory joint reso-
lution proposed by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts. It is necessary, in order that the
law should have its full operation, that it should
have a fair trial; that it should be accommodated
in the circumstance of its going into effect, and it
is necessary for the benefit of the steamboat pro-
prietors who are willing to comply with it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I desire to ask the honorable
Senator from New York the date of that letter?
Mr. SEWARD. It is dated yesterday, Feb-
ruary 21.
Mr. PEARCE. I have been informed by nu-
merous persons, that very soon after the passage
of this act, I believe in September last, one con-
cern ordered of Mr. Francis four of his life-boats,
and they have received but one of them up to this
day, after an interval of nearly six months.
Mr. BRIGHT. The letter read by the honor-
able Senator from New York supports the posi-
tion which I took. I am right, and the honorable
Senator from Maine, who undertook to correct me,
is wrong. One of the chief objections which I had
to that bill of the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts, when he originally pr«rent«d it, wo that
