1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
765
it gave an entire monopoly of one of the most im-
portant pieces of furniture to be attached to a
steam vessel. Every life-boat, I believe, costs
from fifty to three hundred dollars; none less than
fifty dollars
Mr. PEARCE. None less than one hundred
and fifty dollars, I think.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 may be too low in my esti-
mates, but for fear that I may be corrected again,
I will be low enough. I say, then, that these life-
boats cost not less than fifty dollars, and generally
three hundred dollars; and I repeat, there is not an
establishment west of the Allegany mountains
which can make a boat of that kind. Every steam
vessel running upon the Mississippi and the Ohio,
and their tributaries, must be furnished with one of
these metallic life-boats, and in order to furnish
them they must be carried across the mountains,
or earned around by a circuitous water route;
unless by possibility Mr. Francis sees fit to es-
tablish a manufactory in Louisville or Cincinnati,
or some other point in the West. The owners
of vessels must wait his convenience, until he
can manufacture them; and if he cannot manu-
facture or deliver them in due time, vessel owners
are to be put under all the pains and penalties of
the existing law
Now, I submit whether there are not two sides
to this question; whether it is right thus to put in
jeopardy the interests of gentlemen who have in-
vested, perhaps, their all in steamboats before
they knew that any such law as this was to be
framed and put in operation. These were my
reasons for saying that the time asked by the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland was not too long.
These were in part ray reasons for saying that
life-boats on many steamboats are entirely unne-
cessary, for in the majority of the western rivers,
they are not at all needed, for the reason that gen-
erally it is not more than fifty yards from one
shore to the other, in many of the waters there
navigated by steam-vessels.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think I am correct in the
position which I assumed a short time since, and
to make myself understood by the Senate, I will
state precisely what I understand to be the facts
of the ease. Mr. Francis filed his specifications
at the Patent Office, describing a certain boat of
a certain description, made of corrugated iron in
a certain way, upon which letters-patent were
granted, and that was denominated Francis's life-
boat. In the bill as it was originally drafted by
the committee, Francis's life-boat being then in
practical use, it did provide that the steamers
should be furnished with that boat; but when
other gentlemen came before the committee—
whose names I do not now recollect, bat whose
residence wss in the western country, and who,
I think, are personally acquainted with the Sena-
tor from Indiana—and described to the committee
other life-boats made with other materials than
those deacribed by Mr. Francis in his specifica-
tion, upon which letters-patent had been granted,
the committee readily ana immediately erased the
provision as it then stood in the bill requiring the
owners of steamboats to purchase Francis's life-
brat, and provided only that they should purchase
a metallic life-boat. Now, what is the metallic
substance of which that boat is to be constructed ?
Corrugated iron ? No, sir, the bill says no such
thing. I* may be copper, zinc, or any other me-
tallic substance. It may be that ie the progress
of events, when better boats shall be patented, or
manufactured without a patent, Francis's life-
boat will not be necessary, and then it will be
proper to allow other boats to be used. It is true
that Francis's life-boat is the one in common use.
It is the superior boat; it is the better one; but it
is not the boat to Which these inspectors are to be
limited; nor is it the only one which may be used.
1 believe these are the facta as they appeared be-
fore the Committee on Commerce, ana therefore
I am correct in the assertion which I made.
Mr. CHARLTON. Mr. President, I have, for-
tunately or unfortunately, no theoretical or prac-
tical knowledge on this subject, never having
Eone through the process of being " blown up;"
at as it seems to be necessary for all the States of
this Union to be represented in this debate, 1 beg
leave to state that I shall go for the farthest exten-
sion of time named. I have noticed in the Savan-
nah papers, which I received this morning, that
all the steamboat companies navigating that river
and carrying passengers on it, have determined.
that, in consequence of their inability to comply
with the regulations of the law, they will hence-
forth not carry passengers at all. They have made
no remonstrance, and have given me no authority
to present their application here; but knowing, as
I do well, the industry, energy, and capital of
those companies, I think there must be some strin-
fent reasons operating on them to take this course.
think the least we can do under the circum-
stances is to extend the time for the bill to go into
effect until the period named by the Senator from
Maryland.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, the Senatorfrom
Indiana seems to proceed on the supposition that
the bill was intended to require the purchase of
Francis's life-boats. The committee at all times
intended to steer clear of patents, and thought the
bill originally clear on this point. Nevertheless,
on the suggestion of the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, in which I acquiesced, a proviso
was introduced expressly relieving owners from
the necessity of purchasing any patented article.
It now, however, turns out that metallic life-boats
cannot be as easily obtained as was supposed, and
the resolution I offer is designed to relieve that dif-
ficulty. It provides that in case metallic life-boats
cannot be obtained, or in case they cannot be ob-
tained on reasonable terms, the inspectors are au-
thorized to receive a substitute for them. That
places the whole bill free from the objections which
have been suggested by gentlemen. There is am-
ple provision in the resolution which will relieve
the bill from anything like favoring a monopoly.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the amend-
ment, and being taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays
35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bright, Brodhead, Cass, Charl-
ton, Chase, Dawson, Hunter, Jamas, Mallory, Pearee,
Pratt, Soule, and Toucey—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bell, Bor-
land, Bradbury, Brooke, Clarke, Cooper, Davis, De Saus-
siire, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs,
Fitxpatrick, Foot, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Houston, Jones of
Iowa, J ones of Tennessee, Manguqi, Miller, Morton, Rusk,
Seward, Smith, Spruance, Sumner, Underwood, Wade,
Walker, and Weller—35.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BORLAND. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the last section but one, which is as
follows:
" Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That tbe said inspectors may,
if they deem it safe, permit boats to run upon occasional
excursions, not exceeding in distance thirty miles, with a
less number of life-preservers than is required by said act,
if they deem it safe and prudent so to do, and inay also, in
such cases, dispense with registering the passengers."
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 27, noes noes not counted.
Mr. JAMES. I move to amend the bill by
striking out all of the third section, and inserting
the following:
That said inspectors shaH he, and tbey hereby are, em-
powered and required to adopt and present** for use, in ail
eases, the best life- boats, and best life-preservers, upon tbe
most modern approved principles, according to their best
jadgmeut and understanding.
Mr. DAVIS. Beyond all question, that will
bring it back to Francis's life-boat.
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, the amendments were concurred in,
and the Joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading. It was read a third
time and passed.
CEMETERY IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
Mr. BRADBURY. 1 desire to ask the indul-
gence of the Senate to take up a bill which was
reported from the Committee on the District of
Columbia early last session. I have had no
opportunity to get it up heretofore. It is a bill
merely to organize the proprietors of a cemetery
exterior to the limits of this city. Individuals
have purchased at an expense of some $10,000 a
lot of land. They have expended some $20,000
more, and it cannot now be used. The govern-
ment of the city has recently passed an ordinance
prohibiting any more cemeteries within tbe limits
of the city. As the ground cannot be used until
it can be so dedicated that it shall not be used for
any other purpose, an act of incorporation is neces-
sary, and 1 therefore ask the indulgence of the Sen-
ate to take up the bill " to incorporate the proprie-
tors of the Washington Cemetery."
Mr. WELLER. I made the motion to take up
the Pacific railroad bill, but yielded the floor for
the purpose of enabling Senators to make reports.
I hope now that the motion of the Senator from
Maine will not be passed. The hour of one having
arrived, I presume it is in order to move to proceed
to the consideration of the unfinished business of
yesterday.
The PRESIDENT. The motion of the Sena-
tor from Maine is first in order.
Mr. BRADBURY. I have felt it my duty, as
a member of the Committee on the District of
Columbia, to make the motion. I have had no
opportunity whatever of making it earlier. It will
take but a moment to consider the bill, and I feel
that it is a duty which devolves as much upon
other Senators as upon myself.
Mr. WELLER. I have seen some of those
bills, which originally were to take up but five
minutes, consume a (fay. I yielded the floor to
allow reports to be made, and now when the floor
has thus been obtained, the Senator from Maine
undertakes to move the consideration of another
bill. To say th^ least of it, that is not very fair,
and not a proper return for the courtesy which I
extended to that Senator and others.
Mr. BRADBURY. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia regards my motion as an unfair use of the
courtesy given, I certainly shall not persist in it.
Mr. WELLER. 1 will go with the Senator at
any other time.
Mr. BRADBURY. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill " for the protection of the emigrant route and
' a telegraphic line, and for an overland mail be-
' tween the Missouri river, and the settlements in
« California and Oregon," the pending question
being on the amendment submitted yesterday by
Mr. W"eller, which would make the sixth sec-
tion of the amendment of the committee read as
follows:
" Sic. 6. And ie it further enacted,That whenever fifty
miles of said road lying within the Territories of the United
Suites, shall have been completed, in a manner satisfactory
to the President of the Uuited States, he shall cause a pro
rata payment to he made, according to the terms of the
contract for the work so completed, in the bonds of the gov-
ernment, issued under the provisions of this act, and by a
grant of four filths of the public land& to which the comple-
tion of the said fifty miles may entitle said contractors, and
so on for each successive fifty miles, until the road shall
have been completed within the limits of the Territories
aforesaid, and the terms of their contracts complied with,
when they shall be entitled to receive the remaining fifth
of said pnblic lands; that whenever fifty miles of the said
road shall have been completed witbin the limits of any
State as now organized, in a manner satisfactory to the
President of the United States, said contractors shall be
entitled to four fifths of the public lands, to which the com-
pletion of the said fifty miles may entitle them under the
provisions of this act, and so on for each successive fifty
miles until the road shall be completed within the limits of
such State, and when tbe terms of the contract have been
fully complied with, they shall be entitled to receive tbe
remaining one fifth of the public lands; and, in tbe event
of a fhilure on the part of the contractors to comply with the
terms of their contracts and the provisions of this act, the
road, together with tbe appurtenances, including the Win-
ning machinery and means of transportation, shall be for-
feited and become the property of the United States; and,
for the purpose of enabling the President of ihe United
States, at all times, to know whether the provisions of this
act, and the terms of the contracts are being complied with,
he is authorized, from time to time, to appoint a suitable
number of engineers, as supervisors of the work, who shall,
under his direction, make thorough and minute examina-
tions of the work as it advances, and report to him, as often
as required, upon all matters and things submitted to their
charge."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the close of the section which
has just been adopted:
That so far as the said railroad, or any portion of it, shall
be constructed by any State west of the Mississippi river,
or by any party, corporate or otherwise, under the authority
of said State, the Postmaster General shall be required to
enter into a contract with said State or party, securing to
such State or party the sum of six hundred dollars per mHe
per annum for carrying the mail on said road, for tbe term
of fifty years.
I shall not detain the Senate with a long expla-
nation of this amendment. I am desirous to secure
the construction of a railroad which I regard a* a
continental.enterprise across this continent, wholly
in our own country. I have heard with regret and
with pain the speculations which have been in-
dulged here with regard to the rivalry of routes
for that road. While I have my own opinion about
what would be the best route, that is an opinion
which I have been satisfied would not wisely be
advanced and brought into discussion now. It
ha# seemed to m  that the only way in which w 
