THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Cohoriss, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1853.
New Series.....No. 49.
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] and |
the rear brought up by the Senator from Indiana,
[Mr. Bri6ht, ] and some other Senators. I do not
mean to disparage any gentleman who has been
beating upon that drum. For a whole week past
they kept up such a din in the ears of the Senator
from Michigan, that he became confounded 
Mr. CASS. Oh.no!
Mr. BELL. And dropped away from the
friends of the measure, very much to their morti-
fication and surprise.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator is entirely
mistaken. I never had the remotest conception of
voting for the bill with the provision tn it that as-
sumed jurisdiction over the States. It is no new
ground with me. I am in favor of the general
measure, but I am pledged to no such details.
Mr. BELL. I understand the honorable Sen-
ator; but we did not know these mental reserva-
tions. He voted with us upon every preliminary
question, and although we had some apprehension
when, during the progress of the bill, he dealt it a
left-handed blow time after time, yet we did not
expect a total defection on his part, until, at last,
he gave it the fatal stab.
Mr. CASS. I hoped you would make it con-
stitutional.
Mr. BELL. But I must say that the honor-
able Senator from Michigan did not so much sur-
prise me, or the Senate, or the country, as the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Dtusui,] and other
Senators, who were looked upon as the most
reputable and unflinching advocates of the bill.
Even the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] be-
came terrified when the Senator from Virginia
(Mr. Mas^m] said that if this bill passed there
would be no longer a Democratic party. It was
oot the passage of the bill he was lamenting, but
it was the dissolution of the Democratic party;
from that time forth there would be no Democratic
party in the country. When that announcement
was made, I looked around to see where I could
Ax my eye on a pale face, and I did see several
jgentlemen shivering in the wind obviously, by the
oervou  twitching of the muscles of their faces,
(hat was palpable. The announcement filled them
with terror—" there will be no longer a Demo-
cratic party in this country;" and from that mo-
ment the fate of the bill was sealed.
A word or two about the question of jurisdic-
tion. What is th« jurisdiction claimed by the
original bill, to which the Senator from Mich-
igan has alluded, that could not have been amend-
ed? What objection was there that could not
have been removed by slight amendment—alter-
nation of the phraseology of the bill? I am sure
the honorable Senator is too candid not to ad-
mit that the original bill, in its spirit, did con-
template that nothing should be done in a State
but with the free and full consent of the Legisla-
ture of the State. I know that honorable Sena-
tors have said that there would be a forced accept-
ance of the propositions of the bill by the States.
Not at all. There was only such acceptance—the
granting of such privileges—such rights, as were
necessary to make the road practicable for general
and national uses; and that is, that it should be,
in its whole extent, under some general regulation,
and not one section in Missouri or Arkansas un-
-der one directory, another section going through
Nebraska—for it is said we will have a State of
Nebraska if the road goes off from St. Louis—
under another and different directory, another
through the Territories under yet another and dis-
tinct directory; not such a road as when it should
-reach the Mormon State, (as we soon shall have,)
there to encounter still another board of control,
-and another in California—and every different
section under separate jurisdictions and control.
What the bill contemplated was just that the road
should be under a general directory; not that the
Federal Government or her contractors should
claim the right to dispose of one acre, of the soil
within a State, without its consent, for the use
of this road, or to exercise a single privilege or
act of jurisdiction, except with her free consent,
given by a legislative act; and yet gentlemen aay
49
here was an assumption of jurisdiction within
the State. I say, a fair construction of the bill
does not create any such objection as that re-
lied upon by th« Senator from Michigan to justify
his failure to give his support to it. And tf the
bill did not, by its words, bear the construction
for which I contend", it could easily have been
amended, and made to conform to the wishes of
honorable Senators in that respect.
I do not mean to trespass on the Senate, but I
want to make an appeal to the judgment of mem-
bers on the circumstances in the progress of the
bill to which I have alluded. 1 want the country
to understand on what principle it is the bill is
rejected, if it is to be rejected. The two honorable
Senators from Virginia and South Carolina made
no scruple in avowing eternal hostility to the
measure. Some of them say, We have got Cal-
ifornia; we had to pay dearly for it; that is enough
for this generation; we will let another generation
build the road to go to California. The Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Mason] announced his de-
cided opposition to the measure, and it was he
who proclaimed that there would be no Democ-
racy in this country if the bill should pass.
Mr. MASON. My objection was on constitu-
tional grounds to an appropriation by Congress of
lands or money for such objects in a State.
Mr. BELL. That is what I wish to say. It
is not the jurisdiction in the States only that is
objected to by the Senator from Virginia. It is
to the appropriation of money to any national ob-
ject within a State; and the honorable Senator
from Michigan makes the same objection. He
claims to be a friend of the measure; but when
a vote was taken yesterday on the single proposi-
tion, «' Will you vote money to be expended on
this road pro rata, in the States," I called the at-
tention of the Senate, supposing he would hear
me, to the fact that it was a simple, pure, and un-
compromitted question of the power of the Gov-
ernment to appropriate money to a great national
road in a State. The honorable Senator from
Michigan, when his name was called upon a mo-
tion to amend the bill so as to conform to this
power, anwered " No." That is the ground on
which the Senator now stands—not on the objec-
tion as to the jurisdiction, for he could have
amended the bill and got clear of that. We could
require a charter from the State, as the Senator
from Illinois suggested, but that would not con-
tent him, or secure his support; he will vote no
money.
I am alluding to the Senator from Michigan,
not became l mean to point him ont personally,
or with «Ay offensive object,, as leading-the oppo-
sition to the bill; but I point to him because I con-
sider him as the chief, the principal of the great
Democratic party in this country. From his high
standing ana experience in the public service, he
is eminently so; and allow me to say, in my opin-
ion, he is entitled to be so from his eminent ability.
Mr. CASS. I am afraid the Senator is raising
me up only to pull me down again.
Mr. BELL. No, sir; if the honorable Senator
is pulled down, he pulls himself down. [Laugh-
ter.] No, sir; no man can injure the honorable
Senator's standing this country, or his prospects
either, but the honorable Senator himself. But I
was intending to announce to the Senate, and
through it to the country, if the bill is defeated, the
principles on which it is defeated. First: the oppo-
nents of the bill will have no company, no corpora-
tion to construct the road; they will not only allow
no jurisdiction or control to a company or private
contractors over the road in a State, but they will
allow no such jurisdiction or control to the Fede-
ral Government; they will not give the authority
of the Government of the United States to the
making of a road in a State, in any shape or form.
Whence do you derive such an article in the creed'
of the Democratic party? From the Constitution,
or from the Baltimore platform? But the new
Democratic creed, now for the first time acceded
to by the distinguished members of that party, the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] and the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr, Dop«j.a*,) under th« ter-
rible announcement of the Senators from Virginia
and South Carolina, go still further.
The new creed now promulged announces, for
the information of all true Democrats, not only
that the Government of the United States has no
power to authorize or build a road in any State of
the Union, but that it cannot encourage or aid in
the construction of a road in a State by the appro-
priation of money. No, sir; you shall give no such
aid or countenance to any object, however great
or national in its character. And I appeal to Sen-
ators and to the country to say, if there has been
a great and truly national object, belonging to the
whole category of internal improvements, whether
it is not this very road ? There never has been,
and never can be a question so high as this in the
whole range of objects connected with the im-
provement of our internal communications—with
our internal connection—with the public defense or
with the general prosperity. It is, then, a national
object. Where do honorable Senators find the
principle that no money can be appropriated to a
great national road within a State, no matter how
important and necessary it may be for the mili-
! tary defenses of the country, or for carrying the
mails? I appeal to them to point to me where
they find it admitted in the Democratic creed as
established by the venerated fathers of Democracy ?
Do you find it in the platform of the Baltimore
Convention that no money shall be taken from
the Treasury to aid in the construction of any
great national work in a State, either for the public
j defense or for carrying the mails? I say it is not.
I find no such principle avowed in that platform.
But if no such principle is to be found either in
i the Constitution or the Baltimore platform, what
other sources remain from which it can be derived,
except the most distinguished and eminent men,
who, from time to time, have laid down the prin-
ciples of the Democratic party? If, then, we appfeal
to their authority, from which of them do you de-
rive this new doctrine ? I need not go back to Jef-
ferson. Sir, I need go no further back than to An-
drew Jackson, the true founder of Democracy as
it exists in this country at this time, unless some
new principle is to be ingrafted upon it from this
time forward—Andrew Jackson—whom every
1 Democrat delights to refer to as the great exemplar
and champion of his creed—what did he say ?
Why,sir,neheld that Congress could constitution-
ally appropriate moneys from the public Treasury
to the construction of roads of a national character
within a State; and so did Monroe, and so did
Madison, and so did Calhoun, and other eminent
men of the South, as well as of the North, who
have ever been considered the lights of Democracy.
Do you desire a higher authority than such names
as these furnish ? Do honorable Senators intend
to repudiate the doctrines of Jackson, of Madison,
Monroe, and Calhoun ? This principle that the
Federal Government may appropriate moneys to
aid in the construction of a national road in a State,
was one of the powers considered at the time as
established by the celebrated message of General
Jackson, by which he vetoed the Maysville road.
That veto was distinctly placed upon the ground
that the road was local in its character It was a
mere road to connect Lexington, a village in Ken-
tucky, with the Ohio river, with nothing national
in it, except that it might become a connecting
link in other great routes. I ask honorable Sen-
ators again, in view of the great importance of this
question, where do they find the authority for the
principle that you cannot appropriate money from
the public Treasury for the construction of a na-
tional road in a State? For, if such a principle is
so well established, and so important to be men-
tioned, that it is henceforth to be regarded as a set-
tled and permanent article in the Democratic creed
—so much so that a member of the party may rise
in his place in the Senate and proclaim that if the
principle is abandoned in this case, there is no
longer a Democratic party in the country—surely
honorable Senators will Be at no loss to point to
the authority for such a doctrine.
Again: I would ask, what is the difference in
principle, between appropriating mopey for this
