1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
771
fifty miles completed. Ia not that so? It tr*ts ,
tour (libs of the land for eTery fifty mile*. The
company gota on till it gets into tne Territories,
li wilt already have been paid a full proportion of
the mowey; four fifths of the land, and by the time
the company reaches the Territories, where it re-
quires fire tunes (he amount of money to com-
plete the road that it reouirea in the Statu, the
road will be abandoned. 1 am not willing to chaice
anything on the gentlemen who prepared thia bill.
1 do not charge any improper motives on them,al-
though ( and others have Men charged with im-
proper motives; bat 1 will say that there was never
a protect deviaed with more ingenuity to enable the
contractors to take about half of thia money for
construct in* the road in the States, and then aban-
don the enterprise at the very place where it re-
quires an immense amount of money to construct
the road.
Mr. RUSK. 1 deny that there i  any such pro-
vision in the bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. Does any man deny that the
company get a ratable proportion of the money
from the time it commences the road until it ends
it?
Mr. RUSK. No one denies that.
Mr. BELL. 1 do not wish to reply to the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, and therefore 1 would
«*k the pn-itege of saying a few words now. The
bill, I admit, did provide that thecompany should
have a ratable amount of the $30,000,000 for
every mile made within the States and four fifths
of the land. 1 want to know if that would build
the road?
Mr. SHIELDS. In the States.
Mr. BELL. That is the point. Would that
buiki the road? Presuming ihat it would not,
what would be the motive of the company to stop
«t the termination of the States ? The bill pro-
vides that if they do atop there, every dollar's
worth invested in the road which they have built,
not only the road, hat the apparatus, the furniture,
and the running gear will be forfeited to the United
States. Every dollar they have invested, not only
in the road, but in the ralining gear, locomotives,
cars, stations, and all the improvements they have
made upon it, will be forfeited, and the company
will abandon it.
Mr. SHIELDS. The gentleman is right in one
thing; but he forgets that in the mean time the
money and the lands will have been given to the
company.
Mr. BELL. Bat 1 say that what is given will
not build the road.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Senator assume* that it;
will not build the road within the States; 1 deny
that assertion. Why, you give upwards of $7,000 :
per mile in money; ana yon give a larger grant of
land than has ever bean given to any Suae to build i
roads through it. |
Mr. BELL. Alternate sections six miles wide,
the Mme as other States have got. !
Mr. SHIELDS. But you accompany that grant
with no conditions, no embarrassments. We
know that in Missouri, Iowa, Illinois, and the
frontier Slates generally, lands are sufficient to
build roads. This bill not only gives land, but it
gives in addition what is nearly sufficient to build
the road without the land. It gives upwards of-
(7,000 a mile through the States ro this aompany,
and that absolutely. But the gentleman says that
may be forfeited. The land is given to them; the
money if given to them; and when they reach that
port inn of country where it will require ten times
the amount of money to build the road that it will
require elsewhere, that is, around the bese of the
Rocky Mountains, will they continue it.9 Will
any man say that it is as easy to build roads around
the base of the Rocky Mountains as through Mis-
souri or Arkansas.' When they reach there will
they not have the lands and the money, and can
they not abandon the whole enterprise, and would
they not do it'
Mr. RUSK. Then the road would belong to
the United States.
Mr. 8HIELDS. I do not believe that such will
be the real effect of it; and if I would charge im-
proper motives, I would say that the bill was not
intended for any such purpose.
Mr. RUSK. Very well, sir; the bill will speak ,
foritself. It* language isexpress, direct, and un-
equivocal. It cannot be mistaken by anybody. ,
It provides, that as soon as the company fail to ;
comply with their contracts, by not completing !
the number of miles for which they contracted,
all the road, with the running machinery, every-
thing that haa been done, together with the tele-
graph line, ahull be forfeited,and become the prop-
erty of the Government.
Mr. SEW ARD called for the yeas and nays on
his amendment, and they were ordered.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, 1 do not intend
to take up the time of the Senate by entering into
thia argument further, bat to make thia simple
proposition; Here is an amendment coming from
New York, where capital has accumulated, and
where it is coining like an avalanche upon this
country. Perhaps the gentleman knows more of
that capital than I do. The effect of this amend-
ment is to give to the company $50,000,000, in
addition to the $20,000,000 already provided for.
And for what? The gentleman does not confine
his views of this subject within the ordinary limits
of ten or fifteen or twenty years, but he is to look
into the State of California as history will disclose
its condition in 1903. What will be the condi-
tion of California then ? I believe, if the estimate
has been properly made, this amendment will for
fifty years give very nearly $50,000,000, and I
think if that be the case, it will give every tempta-
tion to stop the road within the limits of the States,
and not carry it through the Territories. Sir, I
am not surprised at anything brought forward
here; but if money is to be appropriated, 1 much
prefer that it should be appropriated fairly, openly,
and honorably, and none of your cloaks of $600
a mile for fifty years for so many miles.
Mr. BELL. The way the bill now stands, we
give these lands for the road, and for the road
over the Territories, we require the company not
only to carry the mails daily, but our troops and
munitions of war. Now, how are we to give an
adequate compensation for carrying these supplies
through the States? Can you stop them at the
western boundaries of the Slates and there reship
them on some other line r or you will have to pay
whatever the charter of the State company may re-
quire? Now, is it not perfectly lair that this en-
couragement should be given ? It puts the whole
road on a par in regard to carrying the troops and
munitions of war and the mails.
Mr. BUTLER. I have mentioned the facts;
let the country gaze at them; let the country see
this wholesale species of legislation, which is, in
fact, leaping in the dark. We are asked to give
more money. If the gentleman was to ask for
mare he would be more likely to carry it. I am
surprised that the honorable Senator from New
York did not say $3,000 instead of $600 a mile,
and if he had done that—except that perhaps it
would have shocked some men—he would have
stood a better chance (if capital is to carry through
this bill) to carry it, than in its present form.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not intend to vote,
as at present advised, for the amendment of the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] and I
will assign my reasons. Suppose the State of Mis-
souri or Arkansas should build a road from the
Mississippi to its western boundary, say three hun-
dred miles long. This amendment would require
the payment to the State doing that of $180,000 a
year, from the Treasury, for transporting the mail
upon it, although there might be no connection
from its terminus on the western line of the State
to the Pacific. T}iat would be the result, in a cer-
tain state of things, of the adoption of the amend-
ment. I am not willing that we should be placed
in such a position. 1 believe that if you were to
give such a bonus, securing to Arkansas or Mis-
souri $180,000 a year for making three hundred
miles of railroad, it would be a most advantageous
speculation for either of them, and that one of
tnem would soon begin to build the road. We
should probably be required to pay annually that
amount for carrying the mail on a line along which
there would not, perhaps, be a single saddle-
bag full of mail matter. The value of the road
for mail purposes consists in having a continuous
line to tile Pacific. The amendment provides that
the money shall be paid when either of these States
shall have made the road to its westerri boundary,
without regard to a connection with that part of
the road to be constructed through the Territories
and through California, and which may not be
finished for an age after the State has completed
the road to its western boundary. 1 cannot vote
for such an amendment.
Sir, it is useless for the friends of the bill to
consume any more time about'it. I did not vote
against laying it on the table, because I am con-
vinced the bill has been rendered inefficient by the
amendments already adopted. I did not vote for
laying it on the table, because I was willing yet
further to indulge my friends in their efforts to
make something out of it. 1 think that those of
us who have in good faith endeavored to make
it a practicable measure may now give it up, and
throw the responsibility upon those who have
destroyed it. 1 perceive that my friend from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Bell] has already thrown out con-
siderations which are to enter into subsequent
elections in reference to this matter, and other
gentlemen begin to see it in the same light. I
think that an appeal to the people is our only
remedy.
Mr. BUTLER. Then move to lay it on the
table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. No, sir; I will not take
that course at this time, because from the vote just
taken, I perceive many of the friends of the bill as
it originally stood seem desirous to consider and
act upon it, as if something valuable might yet be
done.
Now, sir, I want to present some considerations
which are, 1 think, worthy of examination. Take
the road at only two thousand miles in length—
it will be more than that—but take it at two thou-
sand mile«, which is the most favorable estimate
of distance which you can put upon it to sustain
those arguments which I design to answer^ Sup-
pose its length to be two thousand miles, how
much did the bill of my friend from Texas pro-
pose to give in Government stock to aid in its con-
struction ? Twenty mil lions, divided by two thou-
sand, gives you only $10,000amile. His bill, there-
fore, proposed to pay $10,000 a mile, according to
that estimate of the distance; and it also proposed
that these $10,000 per mile should be paid pari
passu with the construction of the road, so that
when fifty miles are finished, $500,000 shall be
paid, and so on. What did the land clause in my
friend's bill propose to give? I have made a cal-
culation most favorable for the opponents of the
bill. It gives twelve sections in the Territories,
and six sections in depth, in the States. I have,
in my calculation, taken it at twelve sections all the
way through, without regard to the fact that in the
States it is only half that quantity. If you take
twelve sections deep on one side, that will be equal
to alternate sections of twelve miles on each side,
which is proposed by the bill. That makes only
fifteen million three hundred and sixty thousand
acres of land. Suppose it is worth $1 25 an acre—
and according to the arguments we have heard
here, it is not worth half that; it is worth hardly
anything, according to some arguments which we
have had; but I will take it to be worth $1 25 an
acre, for I wish to show gentlemen how these
matters stand, by making the most favorable pre-
sentation of the case on their side;—if you allow
$ I 35 per acre.it gives you only*$19,200,000 as
the value of the land granted. Divide that by
your two thousand miles, and it does not come
quite up to $10,000 per mile. Add your land value
and your money value together, and it gives you
less than $20,000 per mile, according to the most
favorable calculation for the enemies of the bill.
Nobody can deny that I have put down the road
lower in distance than it will actually be. I have
put the land higher than anybody can reasonably
estimate. By making this calculation, it is impos-
sible for you to get it up to $20,000 a mile as the
contribution of the Government.
Now, how much must individuals contribute,
together with this national contribution, before the
road can be made ? 1 believe every gentleman will
say that they must contribute at least $20,C00 per
mile. 1 see that a gentleman on the other side
shakes his head. I can tell him that I have looked
into the subject, so far as our various railroads
have been completed and furnished up to this day;
and I find, from examination, that the average
cost of construction and furnishing thirteen thou-
sand eight hundred and forty-seven miles of rail-
road , now in operation, has been $29,588 per mile.
Mr. PETTIT. That is in rough countries, and
not in a level country.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That is the average
cost of all the railroads in all the States of the
Union. My estimate Is but a little upwards of
$10,000 in addition for this road. When you
come to consider that this road is to be made hun.
