772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22,
dreds, if not thousands, of miles through a wil- |
derness; that it is lo be built in California, where |
prices, we all know, are from five hundred to a
thousand per cent, higher than in this part of the
country, in consequence of the gold which exists 1
there, the addition of one fourth is but a very
small addition. Nor do we know that the coun-
try through which the road must pass affords any
superior advantages in consequence of being more
level than the country east of the Mississippi. .
I would compromise to-day for $40,000 a mile,
if 1 could secure the completion of the road for
that sum. Railroad iron has recently taken a
great rise in price. So has labor. I have given
you the data upon which the calculation is made,
and when the data and the facts are considered,
I think nobody can reasonably dispute the con-
clusion. How much have individuals, I repeat 1
again, to contribute, before this road can be made?
Why, sir, a little more than the Government has
to contribute; they must pay $20,000 a mile in
order to insure the completion of the road.
Now, sir, let me tell you how this bill has been
effectually destroyed. When you require$20,000
a mile to tie contributed by individuals, and when
you consider the length of the road to be not less
than two thousand miles, you make the capital
that must come from individuals amount to j
$40,000,000. Without a corporation that capital j
of $40,000,000 cannot be wielded. The idea of j
doing it by a private association or copartnership ]|
is, I think, altogether impracticable. That sum '
can Mte raised only by a corporation,and it should
be managed by a corporation in which everybody
can throw in his mite; in which A can subscribe !|
his $50,000, his $10,000, his $5,000, or his $1,000. |
If you will form a company of that sort and give ;
it corporate privileges, the work can be done; but
unless you can embody and give the machinery
for operating upon these ss40,000,000, which indi-
viduals must furnish, 1 believe it to be altogether
impracticable. It is because that provision has
been stricken from the bill that I think it is hardly
worth while to consume more time with it.
But with regard to throwing out electioneering
matter—for it will have to go before the people—
I wish I had time to lay before the public a good
deal of past history touching the subject of internal ,'
improvements by this Government. I have Mr.
Calhoun's report made in 1819 before me. Poli-
ticians of the present day seem to pay but little '
attention to things which occurred more than
thirty years ago
Mr. BADGER, Read it. 1
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is too long. But per-!
haps it will be well enough to give a few extracts j
from it. If I had time to read it, its reading would
show what a very good southern Democrat and !
State-Rights man thought at one period in this
country. That report was made in 1819, more
than thirty years ago; and when the people begin
to discuss and consider and reflect on these mat- <
ters, it will be well enough to let them reflect on
what was done by very distinguished and eminent
men in times past. I will read a few extracts I
from that report. Mr. Calhoun says:
" There is no country to which a good system of military
roads and canals is more indispensable than to the United
States. As great as our military capacity is, when com-
pared with the number of our people, yet, when considered
in relation to the vast extent of our country, it is very
small; and if so great an extent of territory renders it very
difficult to conquer us, as has frequently been observed, it
ought not to be forgotten that it renders it no less difficult
for the Government to afford protection to every portion of
the community. In the very nature of things, the difficul-
ty of protecting every part, so long as our population bears
so small a proportion to the extent of the country, cannot
be entirely overcome, but it may be very greatly diminished
by a good system of military roads and canals. The
necessity of such a system is still more apparent, if we
take into consideration the character of our political max-
ims arid institutions. Opposed in principle to a large
.^n'. .,|iar'.'ly,'. <mr„m,a'T1 rel,ance for defense must be on
the militia, to be called out frequently from a great distance,
and under the pressure of an actual invasion."
®pT.LER. 's t'lat report as Secreta-
ry of War, in 1819?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. That's a long time ago.
of^98 BADGER. That is since the resolutions j
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Did Mr. Calhoun af-
terwards repudiate the doctrines of this report >
If he did, I am not aware of it. I read the re-
port because of the excellent remarks which it
contains, and not merely because it is the produc-
tion of Mr. Calhoun.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not undertake to answer
for Mr. Calhoun that he repudiated it, but I know
that he voted against measures looking to the
same system of internal improvements.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, sir, I will read
a part of the report for the purpose of appropria-
ting it to myself, and for the benefit of the coun-
try, for I think it is really very valuable. He
goes on to say:
" The experience of the late war amply proves, in the
present st,ite of our internal improvements, the delay, the
uncertainty, the anxiety, and exhausting elleet of such calls.
The facts are too recent to require details, and the impres-
sion too deep to be soon forgotten."
Then he alludes to the difficulties under which
the country labors, and continues:
" Much undoubtedly remains to be done to perfect the
roads and improve the navigatiun of the rivers; but this, lor
the most part, may be sately left to the States and the com-
mercial cities particularly interested as the appropriate ob-
jects of their care and exertions."
There he concedes that the States are to do a
great deal; but he says that this Government must
likewise do its part; for he continues, after sta-
ting that the States and cities will piobably do
much to facilitate the intercourse between the coast
and the interior of the Atlantic States, to say:
" Very different is the case with the great and important
line of communication extending along the coast through
the Atlantic States. No object of the kind is more import-
ant, and there is none to which State or individual capacity
is more inadequate. It must be perfected by the General
Government or not be perfected at all—at least for many
years. No one or two States have a sufficient interest. It
is at all times a most important object to the nation, and in
a war with a naval Power, is almost indispensable to our
military, commercial, and financial operations."
I All this reasoning is directly applicable in favor
of the Pacific railroad; as much so as if Mr. Cal-
houn had foreseen the acquisition of California,
and was advocating a railroad to connect the
mouth of the Ohio with San Francisco.
I proceed next to consider the roads and canals con-
nected with the defense of our northern frontier."
********
" It remains, in relation to the defense of the Atlantic
frontier, to consider the means of communicating between
it and the western States which require the aid of the Gov-
ernment."
********
" It only remains to consider the system of roads and ca-
nals connected with the delense of our southern frontier, or
that on the Gulf of Mexico."
I read these extracts to show that Mr. Calhoun
in this report comprehended a very general sys-
tem. He turned his attention to the North, as I
have redd, and then to the West, and then to the
South, and had no doubt of the constitutional
power anywhere. I will not go into all the sug-
gestions which he advanced, but I will read a little
more from the report:
" Many of the roads and canals which have been sug-
gested are, no doubt, of the first importance to the com-
merce, the manufacture, the aguculture, and the political
prosperity of the country, but are not for that reason less
useful or necessary for military purposes."
********
" I would therefore respectfully suggest, as the basis of
the system, and the first measure in the ' plan tor the appli-
cation of such means as are in the power of Congress,' that
Congress should direct such a survey and estimate to be
made, and the result to be laid before them as soon as prac-
ticable."
Thus it will be seen that he was in favor of ob-
taining all the information necessary; and he sug-
gested the use of means for the construction of the
roads, to which I wish to call the particular atten-
tion of the Senate:
"For the construction of the roads and canals, which
Congress may choose to direct, the Army, to a certain ex-
tent, may be brought in aid of the moneyed resources of the
country. The propriety of employing the Army on works
of public utility cannot be doubted. Labor adds to its use-
fulness and health. A mere garrison life is equally hostile
to its vigor and discipline."
Thus, it seems, Mr. Calhoun thought we could
not only take money out of the Treasury to build
roads and canals, but that we might set the Army
to manual labor in their construction.
Sir, I will read no more extracts from that re-
port. It speaks for itself. It was made at a time
when we did not quibble upon the powers of the
Government as we do now; butl have some votes
before me to which I would like to call attention
for a few minutes.
In the days of Mr. Monroe, a Select Committee
was raised, composed of Mr. Tucker, of Virginia,
Mr. Tallmadge, of New York, Mr. Ingham, of
Pennsylvania, Mr. Stores, of New York, Mr.
Claggett, of New Hampshire, Mr. Robinson, of
Kentucky, and Mr. Lewis, from what State I do
! not know. That committee reported resolutions,
one of which was adopted by the House of Rep-
resentatives, in these words:
"That Congress has power, under the Constitution, to
appropriate money for the construction of post routes, mil-
itary and other roads, and for the improvement of water-
courses."
We have acted upon that broad resolution ever
since its adoption, in reference to water-courses.
We have, under all Administrations, and perhaps
more under the Jackson Administration than any
other, voted money to improve rivers. I showed
yesterday how we had voted money to improve
rivers, by putting upon them light-houses and
buoys to indicate the channels. You have done
that from the foundation of the Government, and
during the Jackson Administration you appropri-
ated more money, I believe, than during any other
Administration, if not more than during all other
Administrations put together, for the improvement
of rivers and harbors, and things of that kind.
Now, what is the difference between a river and
a road ? One is a highway and so is the other.
At the last session, you made a highway across
the Ohio river, at Wheeling, upon the bridge there
erected, in order to prevent its abatement, under
the decision of the Supreme Court, as a nuisance.
We passed the bill to make a highway of the
Wheeling Bridge, believing it was sanctioned by
, the Post Office power of the Constitution. Now,
if you can make a post road upon a bridge across
a river, if you can transport your mails upon a
river as upon the ocean, and pay thousands and
[ hundreds of thousands of dollars for such trans-
portation, if you can appropriate money for im-
proving rivers, why can you not make a road, in
order to cheapen transportation? How is it that
you can make rivers navigable, and have no power
to make roads? No answer can be given, unless
it be that nature made the rivers navigable in part,
and man has only to complete what nature left
unfinished, whereas, in making a road, man has
to do all the work, without any assistance from
nature. Such a distinction is about as wise and
tenable as the objection to the constitutionality of
making the road out of the National Treasury.
Ingenuity cannot discriminate, and show the least
difference in principle, between improving a river
and making a road through a State out of the Na-
tional Treasury. We have time and again appro-
priated money to improve rivers lying in States,
without their consent.
In Mr. Calhoun's report, and in the resolutions
1 adopted by the House, which I have read, roads
: and rivers were put upon the same footing. The
main ground of General Jackson's veto of the
Maysville road bill was not that you could not in
! any instance make a road, but that the road in
that particular case began and ended in one State,
and was local in its character. President Jack-
son said under such circumstances, that you had
no right to improve a river. Rivers might be local
as well as roads. He said, I believe, that if a river
passed through many States, if it led from a port
j of entry or delivery down to the ocean, and from
the ocean up to a port of entry or delivery, then it
' was national; then it was an object for which you
! could appropriate. That was Jackson doctrine;
! that was Democratic doctrine in reference to rivers
and in reference to roads also. The Maysville
road bill was vetoed upon the ground that that road
was entirely local in its character.
J Sir, if I had time I would read the list of the
I yeas and nays to be found on the Journal of the
Fifteenth Congress, beginning in December, 1817,
page 334. There were many distinguished men
I here then. I see Mr. Lowndes'sname at the head
1 of one of the columns. He was a southern gentle-
' man, of some distinction in the country at that
day. He voted for the resolution, affirming the
power of Congress to make roads and canals, and
j to improve rivers. So did Colonel Richard M.
Johnson, of Kentucky, a Democrat of some dis-
i tinctionin his party and throughout the Republic.
Sir, I call attention to these things, not in the
expectation that it will do any good here, but I
| wish to bring these matters to the attention of the
people, by addressing them through the Senate.
Sir, our bill is dead; the eagles and vultures
have consumed its flesh and its sinews—nothing
' is left but gory locks and a grinning skeleton.
, The spectacle is painful and disgusting, and 1 wish
I to hasten the burial to get it out of sight.
' Mr. WELLER. I have abstained from en-
