1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
773
earing ia this ddwt* day, eimply for [,
the reeaon that I had hoped that *'• should be able
to oHiftin a vol*. I •  as anxious as any other
Senator here that the question shall be deckled
whether this bill is to pasa or not- We have had
presented here to-day the very remarkable specta-
cle of those who had heretofore been claiming to
be the especial friends of the bill denouncing it as
already dead. The fathers of the measure, those
who were intrusted by the Senate with its partic-
ular chance, have, because of a single amendment
which had been made to it, denounced it as already
drnd. Such declarations from these Senators may
defeat it. They probably will. If Senators were
sincere in their declarations, allow me to ask why
they did not sutTer the "mangled remains" of
this bill to be laid upon the table this morning? It
was due to the country, if it has already been
hilled, that my distinguished friend from Texas
[Mr. Rest] should have suffered it to have been
decently and quietly buried, when the motion was
made by my triend from Virginia [Mr. Hunter]
to inter it. But, sir, these gentlemen have not
seen proper to do it; and two great questions for
the Senate now to decide is, first, whether the bill
be dead; and, secondly, if dead, who inflicted the
mortal wound ? These are the two questions to
be decided—£ rare and important, unquestionably.
The first one can only be determined by a Tote of
the Senate. If a majority now record their votes
against the bill, it is dead, emphatically dead.
There wdt then be but one question remaining to
be decided, and that ia, by what means did it come
to its death! Sir, it came into the Senate lame,
halting, impotent, and scarcely half made up.
Notwithstanding the paternal care that was exer-
ciacd over it by my friend from Texas, it came in
here impotent for all practical purposes, impotent
to carry out the objects he had in view—most po-
tent so far as it violated principles heretofore con-
sidered sacred. He will therefore allow me to say
this much in answer to the remarks of my friend
from Texas, in derision of the amendment which
I bad the honor to propose to this bill. I was
glad that he did see wisdom in that amendment.
I am sorry, however, that he is now laboring to
defeat the bill. But, sir, the Senator from Ken-
tucky, who has taken his seat, thinks the mortal
wound was inflicted when this corporation was
stricken out.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do.
Mr. WELLER. Sir, that Senator belongs to
• of politicians who believe that nothing good
can be accomplished except through the medium
of a corporation. He would have a corporation
to transact the most ordinary business of life!
Mr. UNDERWOOD. No, sir.
Mr. WELLER. If he desires the construction
of a railroad, or that any labor shall be performed,
or any public improvement made, he thinks it
can be accomplished in no other way so well as
through the aid of a corporation. I differ from
fiicted upon it was the proposition to confine the
appropriation of (90,000,000 to the Territories of
the United States. Was there anything mortal in
that blow? My friend from Texas thinks there !
was, and he demonstrated it in this way: He !
claimed that the incorporation of that amendment
into this bill was calculated to create an odious
monopoly at each end of the line, talcing it for
granted that each end would terminate in a State!
The Senator knew very well that I belonged to
that class of politicians who have no especial fond*
ness for monopolies, and if he could show to the
country that-there was anything in the character
of my amendment which was calculated to foster
monopolies, he would have succeeded in drawing
down upon my head a share of public indignation;
but is such the effect of the amendment? There
is no Senator on this floor whose declaration will
go further with the country than that of the Sen-
ator from Texas; but he will allow me to say that
his declaration, going out with that amendment
alone, will signify nothing—they will regard it as
a declaration wholly unsustained by the facta.
There is sagacity enough in this country to re-
quire that Senator to show that an odious monop-
oly springs out of that amendment. They will
demand to know how such a proposition creates a '
monopoly. In order to establish this fact, he is j
compelled to assume that it was originally intended
 h t the Slates through which this row! passes
should incorporate companies and control it. If
that be so, can the amendment change it? Will
the Senator be kind enough to show me how an
amendment confirming a portion of the donation
which we make to the contractors to a certain part
of the work creates an "odious monopoly?"
lite mere declaration of Senators, unsustained by
proof, will not amount to much.
The bill originally, however, proposed a corpo-
ration, one of the moat magnificent monopolies
that the ingenuity of the Senator could devise—
a monopoly of the public lands; a monopoly of
$20,000,000; a monopoly for the transportation of
passengers and the mails; a monopoly which could
have wielded more power than any corporation ever
created in America. Now, I ask my friend from
Texas if the ample amendment adopted on my
motion contained within it anything which human
ingenuity can torture into a monopoly ? I think I
comprehend the amendment; but I regret to say
that I am afraid there are other Senators who do
not. If theoriginal bill did not create a monopoly,
how could a simple provision directing that the
*20,000,000 be donated to the contractors in the
Territories create one ? For the life of me, I cannot
perceive the force of the Senator's reasoning. Did
he intend to expend all the money in making that
portion of the road which may pass through his
State, and leave the Government Hereafter to con-
■tract it through the Territories ?
According to the bill originally, yon proposed to
give to certain contractors, to private individuals,
<r_. AM •   J AAA AAA AAA
bim in reeard to that point,and I therefore moved ' $20,000,000 in money, and $20,000,000 worth of
t?. V + .i • i -it .1   i_ _ j_ (hAm rrtnfr ri
the other day, to strike from this bill the section
which incorporated these contractors into a great
corporation, an overshadowing one, which, in my
judgment, would, under the patronage of the Gen-
era) Government,have exercised a more disastrous
influence than that which was exercised by the late
fy.plr of the United States. With such a provision
in it, I could not sustain the bill. The Senate, by a ,
vote of nearly two thirds, concurred with me in that
opinion, and upon my motion this unconstitutional
and dangerons provision was strieken from the
bill. By that decisive vote, the favored corpora-
tion put in here by my friend from Texas, who
claims to represent Democratic principles, was
etriken out. That was an improvement; and 1
then began to think that there mi^ht be virtue
enough in the bill to effect the object which so
many of us had near to our hearts—the completion
of a road to the Pacific. This amendment gave
offense to the father* of the bill, and hints were
then thrown out that it was ruined. Wedded to
the scheme which they reported, thev could not
be expected to look with a favorable eye upon
any change which might be made. That corpo-
ration, as proposed by the committee, could have
exercised alUne privileges of bankers, and flooded
the country with irredeemable paper money. The
destruction of this feature of the bill alarmed the
committee, and they began to show symptoms of
abandonment.
But it ia said that the next blow which was in-
lands, by way of inducing them to make a contract
with you for the construction of the road. Is not
that it? It " hath this extent; no more." Now,
what was the amendment? The amendment pro-
vides that a certain portion of this donation (the
|20,000,000 in money) shall be expended exclu-
sively upon a certain part of the road—that por-
tion of it which rune through the Territories.
Now, it takes " optics sharp, I ween," to see an
odious monopoly in this. Have I attempted to
change the general character of the bill? I have
only effected this one object: to require that the
money shall be expended where the General Gov-
ernment has the power under the Constitution to
expend the public money. This is all; I repeat,
this is all the amendment proposes. Sir, there is
a large portion of the Democratic party, a very
large majority of that party to which 1 belong,
who have denied the power of the General Gov-
ernment to go within the limits of a State and ap-
propriate the Federal Treasury which belongs to
all the States of this Union, in the construction
of a local improvement. In order, therefore, to
obviate the difficulty which existed in the minds
of many Senators, I simply proposed in my
amendment, that the #90,000,000 appropriated
should be used where Congress had the right of
exclusive legislation. Can any one but the Sen-
ator from Texas see anything like a dangerous
monopoly which is to grow up at each end of
this row under this amendment ?-ra monopoly
which will be enabled to impose taxes to an un-
limited extent upon the people? The whole bill
is based upon the assumption that this work is to
be constructed by contractors, and the President
of the United States, by the second section, is
authorised to enter into a contract for the con-
struction of the road; and these contractors are the
owners of the road. It is their property, and will
it be said that my amendment divests them of it?
In what way does the amendment change it, except
to require a part of the donation to be expended
on a particular portion of the work which they
undertake to perform ? Does it give the States
either more or less control over it than was given
by the original bill ? Certainly not.
Now the Senator from New York comes in with
an amendment which proposes to give about a
million of dollars more per year to aid the con-
tractors in the construction of the work. To that
amendment I am utterly opposed. In the first
place, you give $20,000,000 in money,*and
$20,000,000 worth of lands as an inducement to
the contractors to make the road, the profits of
which are to result exclusively to them. Now,
it is proposed that you pay about $1,000,000 per
annum for carrying the mails over that road, and
that payment is to continue fifty years, making in
ths whole, $50,000,000. I undertake to say that
if that amendment pass, the bill will be one of the
most magnificent speculations in which the capi-
talists of this country can engage. Why, sir, the
Government, under the bill as it now stands, pays
nearly one half of the cost of the construction of
this road. If you estimate the cost at $80,000,000,
the Government pays one half, while it remains
the property of these private contractors. Is not
that sufficient to induce capitalists to invest in it ?
Have you not already given enough ? When you
come to construct the road through theTerritories
you will have, in all probability, a line which will
carry you fifteen hundred miles within those Ter*
ritones, and over a large section of country barren
and desolate. To the construction of those fifteen
' hundred miles of road, the $30-,000,000 are to be
appropriated, giving you some $14,000 per mile,
together with twelve miles of land on each side of
it, which the Government is to contribute towards
making the road, and which the contractors are to
use for their own benefit. Is not that enough ? I
ask Senators whether we have not already gone
as far as a due respect to the public interest will
allow us to go ? However much I desired the
road, 1 would not have it by doing gross injustice
to other sections of the Union.
But, says the Senator, the road cannot be
constructed in Texas or Arkansas or California,
for the six miles of land on each side, given by
this bill in its present shape. Nobody ever sup-
posed it would be sufficient. It was certainly
never dwigtfed or intended that ths appropriation
of land which the bill'make* within the States
should be sufficient to construct the mad. If that
was the design, it was one of the most absurd
propositions ever submitted, to make the road at
Government expense, and then give it to individ-
uals for their benefit, and let them tax the people
who travel over it. That would really be a splen-
did idea! It would be a magnificent proposition
that you should give to the contractors enough of
land in the State of Texas to make a road through
that State, and then allow these individuals, who
own. that land and that road, to tax American citi-
zens who travel over it! That is the shape in
which gentlemen, by their arguments, would seem
to wish to place it. No, sir; the bill does not pro-
pose that the Government shall make the road.
It is to be made by contractors—it is to belong to
them—they are to derive the profits which may
result from its use. The Government simply con-
tributes liberally towards its construction.
I apprehend that if the bill passes in the shape
in which it is now presented, there will be capital-
ists enough in the country who will associate them-
selves together for the construction of the road
from the eastern to the western terminus. It wiH
be in the hands of one company. That company
will get all the land and all the money that the
original bill proposed to give them, jask, there-
fore, why it is said the bill is dead? What differ-
ence does it make to the contractors whether they
expend the twenty millions of money m the Tem-
tories or in the States, provided it is extended m
the construction of that road which they have un-
dertaken to coBstruct? They make the roa4, and
