1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
177
They ere engaged uppn your harbor improve-
ments, upon your fortification improvements, and
upon your coast survey. And not only that, but
on the battle-field their, place is often at the most
perilous points, where the danger is greatest, and
the fight hottest and thickest. Sir, I have said
this much in defense of a corps whose gallantry I
am proud to speak of here or elsewhere, and whose
bravery will be found recorded on the brightest
and proudest rages of this country's history.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I desire to
know whether I have not a right to make a few
remarks, as I reported this resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has that right.
Mr. STANTON. I have only a word to say.
I hold in my hand the Coast Survey Report up to
the month of November, 1851, which was ordered
to be printed at the last session of Congress. The
report itself has been printed and bound. The
maps are too large to be bound with the book, and
it is therefore designed to bind them in the same
style, but in a larger form. This resolution is a
mere traoscript of one which has passed the Sen-
ate, ordering their committee to nave the maps
bound in this form.
The question was then taken upon the resolu-
tion, and it was agreed to.
RECIPROCAL TRADE—BRITISH PROVINCES.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business in
order was the consideration of the bill " establish-
ing reciprocal trade with the British North Ameri-
can colonies upon certain conditions," upon which
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Fvllh] was en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. PULLER. How much of the morning
hour is there left?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour begins
now.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, concluded his argu-
ment in opposition to the bill. He said that it was
to operate upon the trade between the United
States and the British North American colonies,
which amounted in the last year,- by the official
reports, to $18,000,060. He did not deny that
this free-trade project would operate favorably
upon the manufacturing .interest, the cities, and
railroads; but, on the other hand, he thought it
was self-evident that it would operate as injuri-
ously upon the interests which he more immedi-
ately represented. Its effect upon his constituents
would, be most unjust and injurious, tie con-
tended that the substitute which be had offered,
similar to the bill introduced into the Senate by
Mr. Davis, of- Massachusetts, would be a fair
equivalent, and opposed the amendment which had
been offered,by Mr. Clisgman. [His speech will
be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. TUCK replied, and urged the adoption of
the bill, which, he said, had been fortified by the
authority of preceding Congresses, and by men
not only high in the confidence of their party, but
high in the estimation of the people of the coun-
try. He desired to put this question upon the
broadest national grounds, and denied that the bill
was framed for the benefit of the manufacturing
and railroad interests, which, he declared, had
been charged for the purpose of exciting prejudice
against it. He urged the necessity of passing the
bill, for he did net believe that our people could
go through another summer without involving
themselves in serious difficulties with the people
of the Provinces. Before he concluded the morn-
ing hour expired.
Mr. SABINE offered the following substitute
for the bill, for which purpose Mr. Tocr yielded
the floor in the midst of his remarks-^
Mr. SABINE, in introducing the-following sub-
stitute for the bill reported by the Committee on
Commerce, remarked in substance, that there
eonld be no measure of reciprocity matured du-
ring the few days that remain of the present Con-
gress,, and that he was desirous at least of patching
up the fishery difficulty, until the new Administra-
tion could have time to act upon the whole subject:
A BILL to regulate the taking, curing, and selling offish,
and oils obtained therefrom, between the inhabitants of
tbe United States and the inhabitants of the British pas
sessions of" Canada, New Brunswick, and Nova Scotia,
including Cape.Brelon, Newfoundland, Prince fid ward's
Island, and the islands and dependencies of raid posaes-
sions.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Ho use of Represantatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the President of the United States shall Issue his proc-
lairianon authorizing the inhabitants of said possessions and
the islands and dependencies thereof to brine in and make
sale of, in the ports of entry of the United States, fish of
every kind, both fresh and cured, and oils obtained there-
from, the produce of the fisheries of said inhabitants, sub-
ject only to the same duty and other charges of Government
as are now or may be imposed on the same articles of the
produce of the fisheries of the inhabitants of the United
States, but on the condition that he shall first receive satis-
factory evidence that the inhabitants of the United States
shall be permitted to enjoy in the said possessions and the
islands and dependencies thereof the four fbliowing privi-
leges, viz:
First. The privilege, in common with British subjects, to
take in salt or sea-water fish of every kind, on aU the coasts
or shores, without restrictions as to distance.
Seeond. The privilege of freely using the Crown or un-
granted lands and shores for the puTposeof curing, packing,
and otherwise preparing for market the (ish and oils ob-
tained therefrom and so taken.
Third. The privilege of freely contracting, by lease or
otherwise, with individual owners or occupants of lands
and fishing privileges, fur rights of taking, curing, and oth ■
erwise preparing for market fish of every kind, and oils ob-
tained therefrom.
Fourth. The privilege of carrying to, and selling in, the
free port or ports of entry, fish of every kind, both fresh
and cured, and oils obtained therefrom, the produce of the
fisheries of the inhabitants of the United States, on the same
terms as to duty and other charges of Government, as are
provided in this act for the admission of the same articles
into the ports of the United States.
Ssc. 2. Beit further enacted, That all the acts and parts
of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this act be, and
the same are hereby, repealed.
On motion by Mr. STUA'RT, the House pro-
ceeded to consider business on the Speaker's table.
JOSEPH p. PILCH ER.
The bill for the relief of Joseph P. Pilcher, Itlte
a private in company P, second Kentucky regi-
ment of Volunteers in the war with Mexico, re-
turned from the Senate with an amendment, was
taken up and the amendment concurred in.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the act of 20th April,
1836, a statement of the condition of the funds of
the Chickasaw Indians; which was, on motion
by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
CHARGES AGAINST COMMODORE JONES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from Commodore T. Ap Catesby
Jones, in which he states that he has " accident-
' ally learned that a ponderous budget of vituper-
' ative insinuations and false allegations, impugn-
' ing not only his official conduct, but charging
him with being concerned -in fraudulent com-
' binations against the Government of the United
' States," has been introduced into the Committee
on Naval Affairs of the House, " to his preju-
dice and irreparable ipjury," should Congress
adjourn without affording him an opportunity "to
confront bis accusers, prove his own innocence,
and their malice." He states further, that from
what he understands to be the allegations against
him, he is satisfied that even a brief examination
of a few fitnesses from California, now in and
about Washington, would " not only fully prove
' the falsehood of all the charges madeagainst him,
' but would expose a malicious combination to in-
'jure his reputation by garbled statements and
'most insidious misrepresentations." In con-
clusion, he " earnestly prays that the House will
' stop all ex parte proceedings of a criminating
• character against him, and that the accompany-
' ing papers and letter may be referred to the Com-
• mitteeon Naval Affairs, who may be authorized
' to summon witnesses and take testimony under
« oath, and before whom he may have the privi-
' lege of appearing, to defend his unjustly-assailed
' reputation."
Mr. BOCOCK. I move that that communica-
tion be referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and that the letter and accompanying docu-
ments be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is not usual to
print private petitions and communications.
Mr. STANLY. 1 desire to say a word about
this printing. The letter of Commodore Jones,
if I understand it, from hearing it imperfectly read
at the Clerk's desk, refers to what he calls "a
Eonderous budget" of criminating matter which
as been sent to the Committee on Naval Affairs. \
The proposition now made is an unfair one, as I
will show, unless the gentleman from Virginia
embraces in his motion to print, some other mat-
ter. I am acquainted with the history of this
"criminating matter," and I ask the attention of
members while I lay it before the House. There
was a report made at the last session of Congress,
if I mistake not, by the gentleman from Virginia
who has made this motion, upon thesubject of the
claim of Mr. McCormick. The Committee on
Naval Affairs reported a bill to pay Mr. McCor-
mick something like $25,000. My attention was
called to it the early part of the session by persons
outside of this House, who are interested in the
case. I was understood to oppose the bill at the
last session, and I believe I did oppose it. I was
requested by those interested in the claim to ex-
amine the report of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bocock] on the claim, and I did so. While
examining that report, I observed that it did not
give all the documents to which reference was
made. I saw, a few days before that, the Com-
mittee on Printing, in the Senate, had asked to
be discharged from the consideration of certain
papers referred to them, it being unnecessary to
print those papers, because Lieutenant Meade—
at whose request the papers had been called for—
had been restored to the Navy. They related to
the transaction out of which Mr. McCormick's
claim grew. In order to have an opportunity of
examining those papers, the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Price,] who had been spoken to
about t his matter by some of his friends, join ed me
in a letter to Mr. Hamlin, a member of the Senate
Committee on Printing, requesting that we might
be allowed to see them. I took the papers, and
after examining them, I was satisfied that the claim
was an improper one. On Mr. Hamlin's motion,
in the Senate, the papers were withdrawn, for the
purpose of reference to the Committee on Naval
Affairs of this House. I therefore brought the
papers to this House, and moved that they be re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, which
then had the claim under consideration. Mr.
McCormick was a lieutenant in the Navy. A
steam saw-mill had been sent out to California in
John Y. Mason's time, under the command of
Commodore Jones.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not wish to interrupt the
gentleman from North Carolina, if the same privi-
lege is to be extended to the other side. But I do
not know whether it is in order or not to go into
the consideration of the McCormick claim in this
discussion. If the gentleman is allowed to make
representations against the claim, some gentleman
ought certainly to be allowed to make representa-
tions upon the other side.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from North Carolina is attempting
to show that it would be unfair to print these pa-
pers without printing others connected with the
nine transaction.
Mr. STANLY. Precisely.
The SPEAKER. -The remarks of the gentle-
man would be more strictly in order if he was to
submit a motion by way of amendment, to print
the papers to which he is referring.
Mr. STANLY. Well, sir, I will do that. The
" budget" is a very large one. I have examined
all the papers, and I do not want the whole of what
Commodore Jones calls the criminating matter
against him printed. Some of it, I think, ought
to be thrown out. But some parts of it which
refer especially to this McCormick claim, might
to be printed. Now, if the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will allow thoce parts to be printed which
throw light on the McCormick claim, 1 will not
say a word more.
Mr. BOCOCK. I have no objection.
Mr. STANLY. Then I move to amend the
motion of the gentleman from Virginia, so as to
have the portions of these papers which have been
marked by the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, printed with the communication of
Commodore Jones.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I think those
parts of the papers ought to be printed, and I hope
there will be no objection to it.
Mr. BOCOCK. I have no objection. I think
I ought to be allowed five ntmutes to make a state-
ment in relation to this matter. I shall not occupy
more than five minutes. I do not know that it
would have been necessary for me to have said
one word, but for the fact that the gentleman from
North Carolina has alluded to the circumstance
that the report in behalf of the McCormick claim,
