778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22,
which he savs is an unjust claim, was made by
nie, and that I have charge of this subject. When
the McCormtck claim came up before the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs it was referred to me to
report upon.
The papers to whi<-h the gentleman from North
Cirolm.i alluded in the latter part of his remarks,
were not then before the committee, and I knew
knothing about them. I examined those papers
that were before the committee and made that re-
port, in which the committee unanimously concur-
red. It came to this House, and in my absence
on one occasion, some gentleman suggested 
Mr. GOODENOW, (interrupting; ) 1 think the
gentleman is mistaken. The committee did not
unanimously concur in that report.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not remember that any
objection was made to it.
Mr. GOODENOW. I recollect myself that I
did not concur in it.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman said nothing
about it. But let that be as it may, a suggestion
was made in the House that there was some-
thing wrong in regard to the matter, and the bill
was recommitted to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs that the claim might be reexamined. When
the bill came back to the Naval Committee, I pos-
itively refused to have anything more to do with
it, and I asked that the chairman of the commit-
tee should examine into the matter and investi-
gate the charges which had been made. The
chairman of the committee did examine into it, and
was for several months in readiness to report the
bill back, with a declaration that there was noth-
ing in the charges which had been made, but he
never got an opportunity of doing so.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. It is neces-
sary for me to say one word in explanation. It
is true,as thegentleman says, that 1 was instructed
by the committee to report the bill back again.
The bill remained in the committee for several
months, but the parties who had interested them-
selves in arresting the passage of the bill filed no
additional testimony to show that the claim was
an unfair one; they presented no papers, so far as
I knew, that contradicted the first papers pre-
sented, which were certainly all fair and correct,
and therefore the committee instructed me to re-
port the bill back, and ask its passage.
I will say now that I have looked over these ad-
ditional papers, not very carefully, it is true, and
so far as I can judge, I am not altogether satisfied
that the gentleman from North Carolina is right.
I do not think this claim is an unfair or improper
one, although I have not examined the additional
papers in such a manner as would enable me to
speak confidently upon that point.
Mr. BOCOCK. All that I wish to say further
in regard to this claim is, that it stands upon an
award made by two gentlemen; one appointed on
behalf of the Government, and the other on be-
half of the claimant, whose characters are en-
tirely unimpeached, and, as far as I know, unim-
peachable. I will say, further, thatmy connection
with this case naturally brought me into commu-
nication with Commodore Jones. Commodore
Jones, when he heard that the letters and papers
alluded to by the gentleman from North Carolina
had been referred to the committee, came to see
me on the subject. He stated that the charges
made against him were charges involving his per-
sonal integrity, which he desired an opportunity
of refuting; and that that letter would be sent to
the Speaker. The papers, therefore, accompany-
ing that letter, stand upon different ground from
those referred to by the gentleman from North
Carolina. They are not papers bearing so much
upon the saw-mill case. They are papers brought
in here to vindicate Commodore Jones against
attacks on his personal reputation, and I thought
it only fair and just that that vindication should
be printed. As, however, the gentleman from
North Carolina desires that so much of the other
papers as relate to McCormick's case should also
be published, I have no objection to it, and I ac-
cept his amendment.
Mr. STANLY. I only wish to say that I did
not arraign the conduct of the gentleman from
Virginia. Nor do I desire that the portion of the
pioers reflecting on Commodore Jones shall be
printed, unless his friends wish it. I only ask for
the printing of those portions which relate to the
transaction out of which this McCormick claim
grew.
[ The SPEAKER. The motion as modified will
now be read.
It was read by the Clerk, as follows:
'■ To refer to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and print
with certain papers relating tu the McCormick claim."
Mr. STUART. I wish only to say a single
word. These papers relate principally to matters
of a personal character. There are other import-
ant bills immediately following this which I desire
to have taken up and acted upon. I allude espe-
cially to the bill for regulating the fees in the Uni-
ted states courts. I hope, therefore, the House
will not consume any more time with thts matter,
but proceed to take the vote at once.
Mr. STANLY. I do not desire to consume
more time. 1 move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was oidered to be put; and under
the operations thereof, the motion to refer the pa-
pers indicated and to print was agreed to.
JOSIAH P. PILCHER.
The next bill in order was a bill for the relief of
Josiah P. Ptlcher, late a private of company F,
second regiment of Kentucky volunteers, which
had been returned from the Senate with amend-
ments.
The question being upon concurring in the said
amendments, it was taken, and the amendments
concurred in.
FEES IN THE UNITED STATES COURTS.
The bill for the regulation of the fees of mar-
shals, clerks, and attorneys of the district and cir-
cuit courts of the United States, and for other pur-
poses, was next taken from the Speaker's table,
the question being upon concurring in the amend-
ments of the Senate thereto.
The amendments were severally read by the
Clerk.
Mr. McLANAHAN. Mr. Speaker, I will
merely state that these amendments have been
carefully considered by the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, and they have unanimously instructed
me, as their chairman, to recommend the concur-
rence of the House in said amendments.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I move the pre-
vious question upon concurring with these Senate
amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered to be put; and having been
put, the amendments were concurred in en masse.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STUART. Before that motion is put, I
desire to move the usual resolution for closing de-
bate upon the Indian appropriation bill, in Com-
mittee of the Whole. I understand that two mem-
bers of the Committee on Indian Affairs desire to
speak upon it. In order to accommodate them,
I move to close debate in two hours after the com-
mittee shall next resume its consideration.
Mr. STANLY. If the Chairman in commit-
tee would agree to give the floor to those two
gentlemen to the exclusion of all others, I should
have no objection, but I think it is hardly fair not
to allow them an hour each. However, 1 make
no objection to the resolution.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. STUART. I move that the vote last taken ■
by which the resolution was adopted be reconsid-
ered, and that the motion to reconsider do lie upon
the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now call for a vote upon
my motion to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. FICKLIN. With the permission of the
gentleman from Alabama, I desire to take from
the Speaker's table a Senate bill for the purpose
of having it referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia. It is a bill with regard to the
rijrht of way to a certain railroad.
The SPEAKER. It can be taken up only by
unanimous consent.
A Member. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it is objected to, I refuse
to yield any further.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I rise to a privileged
question. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the House concurred in the amendments of the
Senate to the fee bill, and to lay the motion to [
reconsider upon the table. i
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's motion, and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union,
(Mr. Bocock in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill making appropriations for
the service of the Indian Department of the Gov-
ernment during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1854; the pending question being upon the motion
of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jokes] to
strike out the first section, upon which the gen-
tleman from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] was entitled
to the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. I designed to have sent up
to the Chair an amendment which 1 am instructed
by the Committee on Indian Affairs to offer to this
bill, for the purpose of having it read. I have,
however, mislaid it; and I will state to the com-
mittee, in my own language, its substance. It is
this: We propose to pay to the Creek nation of
Indians at the rate of twenty cents per acre for
land, to the amount of eight millions eight hun-
dred and forty-nine thousand acres taken from
them; but for which no compensation was ever
rendered; amounting to the sum of $1,769,000.
This is the substance of the amendment in my
own language. The amendment is very carefully
worded,and has been considered carefully both by
the Committee on Indian Affairs and by the De-
partment. That, sir, is the amount of the appro-
priation which would be asked for to settle all
these Creek difficulties. This, under the recom-
mendation of theSecretar)' of the Interior, through
whom this estimate comes, is presented to the
House after full consideration by the agency of
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
There is also annexed to that amendment several
other provisions, which I beg the House to bear
in mind. One is, that the money shall be paid per
capita by the United States Government, through
its agent, into the hands of each Indian, vouchers
to be taken, in accordance with the law we passed
during the last session of the present Congress.
Another provision annexed to the amendment
is this: that it shall be received as payment in
full for all unliquidated demands of any nature or
description whatever, which the Creek Indians
may have against the United States. This last
provision is one which suggested itself to me, by
reason of the knowledge which I have—and which
I have ascertained is well founded—that there are
other and heavy claims existing upon the part of
that tribe of Indians against the Government of
the United States. This is, therefore, taken as
a settlement of all claims upon their part. Of the
justice of this provision, I have nota word to say,
if we regard it as a dealing between man and man.
But we of the Committee on Indian Affairs, have
assented to this proposition, believing that it is
justifiable, though only upon this ground, to wit:
This tribe, (which could bring into the field, and
which did bring into the field in the war of 1813,
out of which this claim arises, at different times,
as many as ten thousand warriors,) now, includ-
ing women and children as well as warriors,
does not amount to over twenty thousand. I make
no comment upon this fact. 1 do not desire to go
into the history of a nation which I can now au-
thoritatively and knowingly state, have been, in
this short period of time, reduced so wretchedly
as that.
The question, then, is, whether this will beajust
settlement of all demands against the Government
which they may have, or whether they have any
other demands beyond this; and if they have,
whether we shall make this a final settlement?
Our committee have decided it is just to make this
final, in view of their reduced numbers.
The question, then, is, whether or not we owe
these Indians anything upon this claim which they
have presented by their own memorial to Con-
gress. Sir, if I shall be able to show that we have
acted upon policy which we cannot justify before
the civilized world, against this people, whose
country we have completely monopolized; if I
shall be able to show that it is not only not right
but that it is an outrage, and that the provisions
in this bill are just and proper, then I expect that
this amendment which I shall report, will receive
