1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
779
the vote of every American Representative within
this Hall. But if it (hall be shown that the in-
justice of which 1 have spoken does not exist(
then this proposition will be voted down.
Now, sir, it would be utterly impossible, from
the multiplicity of facts connected with this sub-
ject, to debate it at large before the committee in
the brief space of time to whieh 1 am limited. 1
shall, therefore, endeavor to condense what 1
have to say as much as possible; and, even then,
I shall not be able in an hour to give you anything
like a full explanation of the facts bearing upon
the subject. I shall, then, go right to the middle
of the subject, strike, if I can, at its root and
hear1, and give such explanation as I am able.
1 feel that 1 am intimate with the subject, having
investigated it in every form and to the last de-
gree. I feel that 1 am prepared to answer any and
every objection which may be brought, as clearly
and conclusively as any problem that is demon-
strable. But I may mistake my own powers. 1
know the subject is capable of it, however, when
put into the hands of a man competent to perform
his part.
The matter which 1 ask yon to consider, and
in relation to which an amendment will be offered
when we come to the proper point, originated in
the last war.
W hile Great Britain assailed as in 1812, the
northwestern Indians had their emissaries among
the Creeks to incite them to war. Those familiar
with American history will recognize the truth of
the facts I state. The result of the efforts of the
Indians of the Northwest was, that the Upper
Creeks—for the Creeks were nominally divided
into two settlements, the tipper embracing some
thirty towns, the lower embracing sixteen—were
incited to this war, and they demanded that the
Lower Creeks should also go into it against the
people of the United States. The Lower Creeks
refused to join the hostile party. They had treaty
stipulations and friendly relations with the white
people, and they would not embark in any war
against them. The consequence was, that they
united with as, and under the directions and de-
mands of the agent of the Government of the Uni-
ted States to arrest and catch the depredators of
their own tribes, they did repeatedly pursue and
catch them, and deliver them over to the whites,
to be dealt with according to'justice, or executed
them themselves, according to their own treaty
stipilations and pledges to the people of the Uni-
ted Slates that they would punish the wrongs
dooe by their own people upon the whites.
This was the position occupied by the Lower
Creeks, who resided on the Chattahoochee river.
The Upper Creeks lived around the Coosa, and >
between the Coosa and Tallapoosa rivers. These 1
determined to go into the war, and demanded that |
the Lower Creek* should unite with them. They !
solicited and implored them to join in the war.
They sent emissaries among them from the north-
ern tribes. Those emissaries were repudiated.
Repeated councils were held, and as often were
all solicitations withstood, until'the Upper Creeks
announced that they would make war upon them
as well as against the whites. Still, sir, the friendly
Creeks refused to join in the crusade against us.
The war then broke out in 1813 by the massacre
of Fort Minims, in Tennessee, a massacre which
excited at that day the deepest and most thrilling
indignation throughout the nation. That was
quickly followed by assaults upon the friendly
Indians. The friendly Indians implored aid in
every direction, and the United States at length
marched her troops to their relief. The war was
thus begun, and it continued. All who are fa-
miliar with its history know that throughout the
progress of that war, those friendly allies had their
troops in the field with us all the while battling by
our sides. They were the- scouts of our armies;
they were oar spies, our outside skirmishers; they
were the men who gave to Jackson the informa-
tion necessary to enable him to reach the hostile
settlements, and so hastily that they were com-
pelled to embody their whole forces to meet the
whole forces of tne United States. And so it was
until as many as six distinct great pitched bottles !
were fought. It was a war so celebrated that it :
constitutes to this day—and no man will deny it— !
the basis of the fame of perhaps the greatest mili- !
tary man we have yet had in the United States— j
I mean Oeneral Jackson. His reputation was
made thaw, though the battle at New Orleans I
capped the clima* of his Aune. And these things,
at a subsequent day, placed him at the head of
this Government.
This was a war in whieh every species of gal-
lant daring and reckless deed of bravery was
found exhibited on the part of the savages, meet-
ing us gloriously, unaided by the arms of any
civilised or cultivated nation. Not a track was
made by a white soldier throughout that war but
an Indian track was made by its side; and that,
too, of a friend skilled in the ways of an enemy,
and ready to detect and elude the stratagems to
which he constantly resorted. The instances of
heroism, should I attempt to relate them, which
occurred during that war, would consume the
brief hour allotted me to advocate the rfghts of
the unfortunate friendly portion of that tribe, who
performed so noble and so faithful a part towards
us. 1 shall not attempt to recite them at all.
The claim now is this: That after the fighting
of all the battles at Emuckfaw, Taladega, Talahas-
*ee, the Horse Shoe, <&c., six in all, besides vari-
ous lesser skirmishes, by which the hostile tribes
were so destroyed as to be compelled to disperse
in despair, the Government of the United States
deemed it proper to offer peace to them, the out-
lines of which were sent in the shape of instruc-
tions to Major General Pinckney, who was then
the commander-in-chief in that region of country.
Those terms were issued and given to the Indians.
1 will not attempt here to repeat the provisions of
that offer. I may state, however, that we prom-
ised that we would take indemnity for the war
from the hostites, and that the claims of the friendly
Indians to their own lands should be respected,
and that while we indemnified ourselves, they, our
allies, should be also indemnified out of the lands
of the enemy, or in such other manner as the Gov-
ernment of the United States should think proper
and correct. Major General Pinckney had in-
formed the Indians of the course which would be
pursued by the Government in making peace, and
that their fidelity thould never be forgotten by Ike Uni-
ted Statei, but should be remembered.
Afterwards General Pinckney was superseded
in command by General Jackson, who was under
instructions to go on and conclude a peace with the
Indians upon the terms issued to General Pinck-
ney. Through Colonel Hawkins, who every
member from Georgia, I believe, will testify was
one of the best, most honest, and most worthy of
men, these terms were communicated to the friend-
ly Indians, and through them to the hostile portion
of the tribe. The Indians were assembled together
at Fort Jackson; but when General Jackson came
to consider all the instructions to General Pinck-
ney, his predecessor, and all his pledges to the ;
Indians, he disclaimed having the power to fulfill ,
the greater part of those pledges, and, as author-
ixed, he turned the treaty into a capitulation, to ;
save the necessity of commissioners; and assem-
bling the hostile and friendly Indians together,
and having procured only one hostile, who stood
more in the light of a captive, or'of a refugee, from
his own people, because they were still at war,
and still refused pea'ce, than in any other capacity,
he seized, by a forced capitulation, not only every
foot of land they (the hoatiles) possessed, amount-
ing to upwards of fifteen millions of acres, as a
full indemnity for the expenses of the war, but he
took from thefriendly Indians,against their solemn
protest, eight millions eight hundred and forty-
nine thousand acres, for which, as our records
show—and I defy any man to show the contrary
—they never received a single particle of compen-
sation; and when the compensation between the
Coosa and Tallapoosa was spoken of, they repudi-
ated it, and protested against the right of General
Jackson to take their land on such terms. They
filed their protest here at the seat of Government.
They protested at the time, and said they would
not sign a treaty by which they should be com-
pelled to yield up some eight millions of acres of
their land. Whilst they were friends and faithful
allies, and had fought so gallantly byour sides,
they insisted, and would insist, that such a course
should not be pursued towards them. But Gen-
eral Jackson said that it was necessary from polit-
ical motives, and that they should do it. The
records show that they protested against his taking
it, and would not receive what he offered as a com-
pensation. It turns out, as we afterwards hear
and see, that compensation never was made to
them,and that the compensation proposed amounted
to only two millions of acres, while he took nearly
nine millions of acres from those who were our
allies, and who fought by our sides throughout
that whole war.
According to the ordinary rules which govern
nations in settling their difficulties, where two have
formed an alliance for war, and have.fought it
through to a successful termination, if the one de-
rives any benefit in the shape of indemnity for the
expenses of the war, the other is always entitled
to a share.
The facta of this case also show that they not
only lost upwards of eight millions of acres of their
own territory, after fighting through the war for
our own benefit, which was taken by us for po-
litical reasons, but that they never received one
particle of the conquered lands taken by us, as an
indemnity from the hostile Indians. They were
justly entitled to their share of the fruits of victo-
ries in common.
Now, sir, with this brief explanation, I will
take you to the documents which will prove these
things. I would much prefer that gentlemen would
convince themselves from the records of the coun-
try that it is imperative upon the honor of the
nation to do justice to these Indians, than that
they should rely upon anything I may say.
I will read from a correspondence which took
place in one year after the treaty of Fort Jackson,
in which correspondence the Government of the
United States called upon Colonel Hawkins, the
agent of the Indians at the time the treaty was
made, for information, and in reply to which he
gives a full statement of the circumstances under
which the treaty was made, and which is the only
minute account in existence of the circumstances
under which that treaty was made, and of the duty
of the Government towards that tribe, arising out
of that treaty.
The first letter I shall read is an extract of a
letter from George Graham, chief clerk of the De-
partment of War, to Colonel Hawkins, agent to
the Creek Nation, dated July, 12,1815. He says:
" I am directed by the President to request that yon will
report to this Department, a* soon as practicable, your opin-
ions a* tn the following points:
" 1st. As to the nature and extent of the Indemnity which
the friendly chiefs claim, in consequence of the letter ad-
dressed by General Pinckney, on the 33d of April, 1814.
" 3d. How far the Government oueht, from motives of
justice or policy, to yield to their claims.
" 3d. Whether indemnity ought to be made to them, bjr
restoring a part of the ceded land, or by an additional annu-
ity, or by giving them a certain fixed sum in money and
goods.
" 4th. Whether these compensations, of whatever nature
they may be, should be confined entirely to the friendly
chiefs."
An extract of a letter from Colonel Hawkins to
George Graham, chief clerk of the War Depart-
ment, dated Creek Agency, August 1, 1815, one
year after the making of the treaty, is to the fol-
lowing effect:
" I have received your letters of the 19th and 15th July,
with a copy of the agreement and capitulation between
General Jackson and the Creek Nation, as ratified, aud
sundry documents accompanying."
There we have one fact developed in the very
language itself—agreement and capitulation. Now,
who ever heard before, in the whole history of
mankind, of one nation, in making peace with an-
other, on the termination of a glorious war com-
pelling not only the enemy, but her ou>n ally to ca-
pitulate. Yet the fact is, that we in this case forced
our own friends to capitulate, and took from them
eight million eight hundred and forty-nine thou-
sand acres of th ei r land a, w i thou t an y com pensn lion
whatever. We may hold out to the world as long
as we please the humanity and generosity of this
Governmen t to wards these Indian tribes; but while
we refuse to make the amendments I propose, by.
the instruction of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
it will be to no' purpose. Let us make amends,
in accordance with the true policy of the Govern-
ment, as set forth by us to all civilized nations, and
let the fund now paid over as compensation be de-
voted to the improvement, civilization, and regen-
eration of the remnants of a tribe which has been
wasting, ay, perishing, beneath us, in our onward
march. A cruel march it has been for them. The
extract goes on:
'• I regret the necessity of reporting on the points sug-
gested for'the elucidation of the terms of peace offered oy
General Pinckney, and the understanding between General
Jackson and the chiefs, as I expected, from what passed in
the conference between the parties, the General would have
sent on such a statement as would have plaoed the subject
(aided by his Secretary, sent on partly for the purpose) in
