780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22,
a jn<t point of view before the Government. However, I
Bin to suppose it ha-* from «ome cause been omitted ; and,
as I am requirod.it i*my duty to doit. That the first inter-
ronton may b** clearly explained, I must go into detail as
to dip manner of negotiating with the chiefs.
" I  t. A> to the nature and extent of the indemnity which
the friendly chief* claim, in consequence of the letter ad-
dressed by General Pinckney, of the 23d of April, 1842."
I be? gentlemen will bear in mind that there
was a claim of personal indemnity for individual
losses presented at the time these inquiries were
made and answered. Colonel Hawkins con-
tinues as follows—and you will perceive how he
shows the rights and wrongs of these Indians in
regard to the matters connected with the treaty
which are now under consideration before the
committee:
" As soon as the terms of peace were offered, as expressed
in the letter referred to, I took measures to explain them
literally to the friendly Indians, and through tlieni and the
prisoners in our possession, to the hostiles who had lied, or
were flying, to Pensaeola.
II When General Jackson arrived as sole commissioner,
he addressed a speech to the chiefs, amonu whom there was
but a single hostile one; marked his line, which he said
should not be altered. He altered it, notwithstanding, to
accommodate Tonhaubatehe. The chiefs replied to hi m,
which the General's secretary and the agenttook in writing
for him. They, in conference, repeatedly urged the just-
ness of their claims to losses, as promised in the terms of
peace offered.
"That was with reference to their personal losses which
have been paid heretofore; and the Genera! as often denied
having powers to act 011 it."
Now, I would request the attention of the com-
mittee to what follows, and to remember it:
" Upon being asked, among other things, as his powers
extended only to retaining as much land conquered from the
hostiles as would indemnify the United Slates for the expen-
ses of the war, upon what principles he took the lands
eastwardlv to Georgia, belonging obviously to the friendly
Indians, the General answered, he did it from political mo-
tives—to prevent an intercourse between the Indians and
the Spaniards and English in the Floridas; to have a border
to know and separate his enemies from his friends, which
was as beneficial to the friendly Indians as to the United
States ; and also gave the friendly Indians the lands in the
fork of Tallapoosa and Coosa."
1 will state, now, that those lands amount to
about two millions of acres. The map before me,
prepared by a member of the Topographical Corps
from the authorities in the possession of the Ex-
ecutive Departments, shows the boundaries of all
the Territories alluded to. Now, I do not want
to hear any one question, when it is admitted by
Jackson, who took it, and by Hawkins, who speaks
of it as obviously theirs, and controls not his aston-
ishment at Jackson's acts, the distinct right of
property, and full title of the Indians, in the lands
described as seized without cause or right from
allies, and estimated to be in area eight million
eight hundred and forty-nine thousand acres. 1
As I understand, this admission has nowhere
been disputed. And it is to be hoped that we will
recognize a further facl at the very bottom of all
these matters, that when we made a treaty of peace
with our enemies, we also forced to capitulation
our own allies, who had fought by us through
every battle, and took from them the amount of
land I have specified. Now,at length, they come
forward and ask remuneration from us. If, then,
we have that spirit of justice and humanity it is
contended we have, we should feel bound to ap-
propriate the proceeds of the sale of their own land,
which we had no rigrht to rob. The capitulation
of an ally is, to a mind endowed even in the first
principles of justice, outrageous to the last degree,
and unless satisfaction and compensation be made,
infamous.
Colonel Hawkins, in his letter, continues as
follows:
"The Speaker asked where the hostiles were to be placed,
if we took all their land?'*
He took, as the map will show, exclusive of the
two millions, fifteen million two hundred and sev-
enty-one thousand and forty acres from the hostiles.
His answer was, " You have room enough to take
them among you." After taking eight million
eight hundred and forty-nine thousand acres, that !
was in effect saying we will take more; and what
more ? Enough more to support the enemy after :
peace, theirs being confiscated to the use of the Uni-
ted States. And that wasanother robbery. Now,
letit be called by what language you please, thrust- i
ing the hostiles upon the lands of our allies was
an appropriation of their lands to our uses, and |
as such it has been recoenized by past action in
the legislative halls of the country; for the Chero- i
kees have been paid a consideration of over |
$2,000,000 for a wrong done in giving a common |
occupancy to certain lands to the whole tribe,
when but a small portion of it made the original
purchase from the United States. The friendly
Indians, Mr. Chairman, protested that it was no
consideration, as the documents will show as we
proceed. The hostiles being driven from every
other place by the whites, and having no place in
which to live, were compelled and did continue to
live on it; and they were treated by the friendly
Indians, our allies, although they had suffered so
egregtously by them, with far more mercy and
justice than the friendly ones were by us. The
friendly Indians protested that it was land belong-
ing to the conquered nation and would not take it.
You will find in the history of that tribe that,
ultimately, the Upper and Lower Creeks became
friendly and forgoi their old feuds. And you will
find that the friendly Indians, in the sale of fifteen
millions of acres belonging to them, allowed the
hostiles an equal share, they having nothing to
contribute to the common fund but the two mil-
lions of acres left to them by Jackson, and they
did come in and share with them the proceeds.
And you will find that in selling out lands east of
the Chattahoochee, and lying in the State of Geor-
gia, (obviously lands of the friendly Indians,) the
hostiles were permitted to share equally the pro-
ceeds with the entire tribe; and they have since
shared in the lands bought by the friendly Indians,
and lying west of the State of Arkansas. The
linds west of the State of Arkansas, on which
the whole tribe are now residing, were acquired
about the year 1826, and the consequence is,
that the hostiles have been permitted to share with
the friendly Indians throughout. They shared
in the proceeds of the sale of the two millions of
acres between the Coosa and Tallapoosa, it is
true, but returned the interest tenfold by allow-
ing their three million acres which lay by it to
be sold in common with it, besides admitting
them as brethren to share in the anterior sales of
about fifteen million acres. Such compensation
was no compensation at all for the near nine mil-
lion acres we seized, and I will waste no more
breath in its discussion. I have made this state-
ment to show that they got land west, but that
the friendly Indians never received more than the
two million acres, which they regarded as left to
the hostiles, and which was made the basis of the
hostiles being allowed to come in and share with
the friendly Indians the proceeds of the sale of
some fi.'teen million acres they held in their own
right.
Colonel Hawkins continues as follows :
" His answer was, You have room enough to take them
among you. The Speaker said the war was not yet settled,
and they were called on for lands to pay the expenses of it;
and before 11 was settled he supposed there would be another
call."
This is a quotation from their language as taken
down by Colonel Hawkins at the time, and fur-
nished from his notes. It explains itself to a calm
and reflecting man, looking at the excitable char-
acter of the Indians, and the natural indignation
with which he flies off from a subject when he
sees a wrong is done him. He says:
"You have commenced to take, and I suppose before
you have done, you will take all we have got; and if he had
said so, it would have been a prophecy at this hour ful
filled, for the proof has been that we have taken and now
hold all their lands."
The truth is, there is the land we have obtained
south of the Tennessee river, and which we have
never paid the Creeks one cent for, and it must
amount to some millions of acres—how many we
cannot tell. As the basis of a claim against the
Government, it is perfectly irresistible, unless we
setile the whole matter now by doing such justice
in this case as they will be willing to accept for all.
Mr. Hawkins goes on to say:
" It struck me forcibly at the tune that the General, who
was authorized only 10 retain lands conquered from the hos-
tiles to indemnify the United States for the expense of the
war, should take nearly eight millions of acres from the
friendly Indians " 
They could not tell the amount, but Hawkins
estimated it at eight millions; but it turns out to
be eight million eight hundred and forty-nine thou-
sand acres.
—" over and above all the hunting grounds of the friendly
Upper Creeks, giving, without regarding them, what he
called an equivalent, which they did riotdeein such, and did
not feel himself authorized to adjust this equitable claim of
theirs. 1 suggested to the General, upon extending the line
eastwardly for the motives assigned by him, if he could, for
a reasonable equivalent, where that line touched Flint
river, go Bp the same, it would be a great accommodation
to Georgia. Upon which, after some reflection on the sub-
ject. and inak 1 ng inquiries a« to how far up the line it should
go, and ar what ererk it should leave the river, lie smd Ills
powers did not justify it, and lie would adhere to his first
line."
While all this Was being done, General Jackson
did not feel himself authorized to settle or make
any provision in that treaty about settling with
them in regard to indemnity for personal losses
sustained in that war. In regaul to taking this
land from the friendly Indians, he knew, as he
stated in some of his communications which I
could turn to, but to which I have not the time,
that they would assent to almost anything as well
as the hostile Indians. The power of the nation
was broken. We had been engaged in war from
April, in 1813, until the middle of 1814, in which
many bettles had been fought; in which the friendly
Indians as well as the hostiles had suffered terri-
bly; in which their tribe was dispersed and their
power broken, and in which the friendly Indians
had aided to crush the larger part of the nation.
When they were assembled to treat, and when
the one hostile and the friendly chiefs were pres-
ent,.thirty or upwards, they found themselves in
the face of the American army then present under
the command of Jackson, and which left there
not until after the treaty was concluded. They
found that they had to sign the treaty, and there
was no alternative but to sign it with a protest.
They called it " the treaty of the sword." They
were ordered and commanded to sign it, and there
was nothing left them but to do this, as they were
powerless and must obey. Jackson's course was
the course of a statesman, and one-that looked to
the best interests of his country; and his action is
justifiable alone upon that ground. Knowing the
unstable character of the Indian race, and knowing
the inducements which might be held out to them
by the enemy—the Spanish nation, or by the Eng-
lish through the Spanish—he deemed it proper, as
he said, to take this course for political motives,
and he did so that he might separate his ene-
mies from his friends, and prevent their connection.
That is the way, while feeling the necessity of it,
that he exercised the power in his hands which
secured the whole of this southwestern boundary.
He took this responsibility; and I wish that those
who come after him, who shall have the power of
making terms of indemnity and giving compensa-
tion, would he as true to the honor of the country
as he was to her interests, in taking what was
requisite to be taken. This is the true view of the
subject. I do not, and would not condemn his
taking this land; but I would condemn any Gov-
ernment, having done that for their own security,
which would not make most full and ample com-
pensation. Placed in the same position, I would,
and I believe any other man would, have gone on to
take that land and demanded that it should be given
up to the United States, under the circumstances
of the war which was then going on, and under the
probability that war might still continue. I would
say, take the responsibility and do it; I would
| say that such a course was due to the interests of
| the country. And it is but this which can help
us to reconcile these things with anything like a
sentiment of justice, or a principle of humanity,
or a principle of good faith between the parties
involved in the most serious difficulties of that
war. General Jackson was justified in taking the
lands in the southern part of Georgia by no consid-
erations whatever but the simple necessity of the
country, and the duty of a public servant, when
he sees that he must assume the responsibility of
performing the act which shall be required. The
performance of that act calls from us here, who have
lauded him to the skies, for the performance of
another duty, and that is, that as he stepped for-
ward and took the responsibility of a harsh act for
the safety of the nation, so we will step forward
and make the compensation for the honor of the
nation. Thus alone can we rob the act of its op-
pression and faithless character, I will now read
on:
" The Speaker, after conferring with the chiefs about
bim, told the General there were no hostile chiefs there, but
the heads of the nation, masters of the land, were there:
they were friends met to settle matters, and not to quarrel;
they were talking for information. He would be ready in
a day or two to do what was demanded of them; but before
he signed any papers with hiin, as he would not admit their
claim* in the treaty, he should make and sign a paper ex-
pressive of them, and who were masters of the land."
If we had before us the details and proceedings
of the meetings of these friendly chiefs "as they
