782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22,
charges be true, should long since have found
lodirings in the penitentiary. Tins charge, crave
as it is, comes from the head ot" one of our Exec-
utive bureaus, was published in the Executive
orfan of this city, and republished by the lead-
Administration journals throughout the coun-
try-
It is dated " Treasury Department, Comptroller's
Orficc, September 27, 1850." It appeared some
four days prior to the election, at an hour so late
that it could not be effectually met until the elec-
tion had passed. It was distributed by postmas-
ters and employees of the Government to nearly
every dwelling in the district. At that moment
an excited contest was going on, and the weight
of the Executive influence was thrown into the
scale just at that moment when it had time to do
its work, but at so late an hour that it could not
be deliberately met.
In order that no effort should be left untried,
copies were said to have been written, probably
by the clerks under his control,signed by his own
hand, and sent into various neighborhoods, to pre-
vent the possibility of doubt as to its coming from
such a high source.
The paper to which I allude was in the form of
a letter addressed to D. C. Allen, of my county,
and purported to be written in answer to one ad-
dressed to the Comptroller, but which has never
been published to my knowledge, if it were, in
fact, ever written. Of its contents I am ignorant,
further than some sentences purporting to be ex-
tracted from it which were copied by the Comp-
troller and sent forth as a part of his letter, thereby
giving them publicity and a quasi-official indorse-
ment.
1 had been charged by my political opponents
with taking more mileage than I ought to have re-
ceived. In conversation, explaining that matter,
I hail stated that ouraccnunts for mileage all passed
under the examination of the Comptroller of the
Treasury; but in referring to that officer I men-
tioned the name of the present incumbent to desig-
nate the officer, and Mr. Allen would seem to
have written the Comptroller inquiring as to his
agency in examining the accounts for mileage and
per diem of this body.
To this interrogatory it was his right and his
duty to reply. In doing so, he explained that the
accounts of this body for the second session of
the Thirtieth Congress were examined and passed
upon by his predecessor, before he entered the
office, although those of the Senate were examined
by him after he took upon himself the duties of
his station. He thus corrected the error into
which I had fallen, of supposing him to have
passed upon our accounts as well as those of the
Senate. It was an error most emphatically nom-
inal, as our accounts had been examined by his
predecessor, a man no less Honest, capable, or
independent than himself. For this correction I
could have felt no other emotion than that of grat-
itude.
But he also quoted, or professed to quote, from
Mr. Allen, a statement representing me to have
said that " Mr. Whittlesey tendered me my mile-
age;" that " I had received my mileage at his
hands." These statements, had they been made
by me, would have been regarded no otherwise
thin false. I do not think one elector in ten of
my district so ignorant as not to know that the
Comptroller has no charge of the public money,
and never pays it out. The representation that I
had stated such stupid falsehoods was too gross
an attack upon my intelligence to find credit with
any one acquainted with me. Yet the Comptrol-
ler professed to copy them into his letter—pub-
lished and sent them forth to the people of the
United States with his indorsement.
Not content with giving the information asked
of him, and with indorsing and publishing those
attacks upon my intelligence, he commenced a
most extraordinary assault upon my integrity;
charging me, as stated, with "taking the public
money for a series of years to which I had no legal
or moral right." His specification in support of
this charge, represents me as obtaining more mile-
age than the law allowed me. I will not detain
the House by reading the letter, which is very
long, but intend to meet his charges and specifica-
tions fully. He goes on to state that when I came
here, I charged four hundred and eighty miles
travel, which he avers is nearly one hundred miles
more than the law allowed me. Here I meet the
gentleman by ail express and unqualified denial of
his statement.
The manner in which the Comptroller attempts
to prove the accuracy of his charge, is by referring
to his own mileage while representing tins district;
and with apparent gravity intimates that I was
bound to travel through his village, and by the
same road which he traveled.
The law allows mileage, not by the nearest stage
route, nor by an air-line, but " by the usually trav-
eled road from the residence of the member to the seat
of Government." And the question arises, which
is the usually traveled road from my residence to
this city ? or which was the usually traveled road
at that iime ? On this point there cannot, I appre-
hend, be two opinions. 1 resided near the great
thoroughfare on which all men living upon or near
those northern lakes traveled to Buffalo, then by
canal and railroad to this city, except when the
navigation was so obstructed as to render it diffi-
cult to get on board a steamboat. Between the
residence of the Comptroller and that of my own,
was about sixty miles of very bad road, over
which I must have passed to travel the route
which he traveled. He never traveled over that
road to get on to the lake in order to reach this
city, nor did 1 ever travel over it to come by his
route, unless 1 found myself unable to get a boat,
or was called that way on business.
By taking boat and coming to Buffalo and New
York, we avoid this bad road and the mountains;
we come much more comfortably and in shorter
time than we could by Pittsburg. My neighbors
never traveled his route except when constrained to
do so by business, or the difficulties of navigation.
Indeed, I have traveled the whole distance of the
New York route by land, while drawing pay by
way of Pittsburg only, rather than encounter the
mud and the mountains of that southern route. At
that time, I think not more than one other mem-
ber beside myself, who represented districts bor-
dering on the lakes, drew pay by the southern
route; the others drew mileage by New York.
These facts show that while the southern route
was the usually traveled road for my predecessor
and his neighbors, the northern route was that
usually traveled by me and by my neighbors.
Those, too, of the western country, in coming to
Washington, passed down the lake, and by way
of New York came here by railroad. In this
way we avoided the mud and the mountains. We
traveled to this place with far greater ease, and in
much shorter time; and I will say, that unless the
navigation was so far obstructed as to render it dif-
ficult to get a boat, no man from that region, since
I have been a member of this .House, came to
Washington by any other route, unless business
required it. On this subject I speak with perfect
confidence; and might appeal to the present Ex-
ecutive and other gentlemen from the State of New
York, with whom I traveled on my way here.
And I will add, to the best of my recollection, I
never traveled the southern route except when
compelled by the difficulties mentioned. Often
have I traveled the New York route through Buf-
falo, the residence of the now President of the
United States, while he was a member of this
House, and at times with him, while he drew pay
for some two hundred miles more travel than my-
self, and I actually traveled one hundred and fifty
miles more than he did. I traveled that way of
choice, for the reason that it was far more com-
fortable and a quicker route. The law allowed me
pay by that road. It would have been just and
proper for me to have charged travel on that route.
But when I came here I did not even look at the |
law, but estimated my mileage by the shortest |
connected stage route, which, according to my best
information, was four hundred and eighty miles. I
now think I took the distances from Mr. Allen, a
Whig, who then represented the Cleveland dis-
trict, and estimated my mileage the same as his, !
except the difference in the distance between my
residence and Beaver, and that between his resi-:
dence and Beaver.
But the Comptroller of the Treasury avers that
this four hundred and eighty miles was nearly 1
one hundred greater than the law allowed, while in
the next paragraph he admits the Senator from
my own village justly entitled to five hundred and
four miles, being twenty-four miles more than I '
had estimated it. Such palpable contradictions
should have been reconciled before he sent his let- |
ter to press. As remarked, I estimated the distance i
as nearly as I was able from the information I
possessed. But the Committee on Mileage of this
llouse differed from me in judgment. At the first
session of theTwenty-sixth Congress, without my
knowledge or procurement, with all the facts be-
fore them, they increased my mileage to five hun-
dred and twenty-seven miles, being forty-seven
miles greater than my own estimate, while the
Comptroller says mine was nearly one hundred
too large. I then understood the increase to have
been made at the instance of the Hon. Thomas
Henry, representing Beaver county, Pennsyl-
vania—a man whose honor and Integrity was not
below that of any other member of this body. I
will.not say that the aggregate judgment, integ-
rity, and knowledge of that committee was greater
than that of the Comptroller of the Treasury; but
I will hazard the opinion that not one of the five
members possessed less integrity, honor, or judg-
ment than the gentleman who thus charges me
with "taking the public money." The public
have the charge supported by the excited feelings,
political hatred, and vindictive objects of the Com-
ptroller, given in the manner I have stated, wan-
tonly assailing me: while opposed to this charge
they have the official judgment of five men acting
under solemn oath, with all the facts before them,
and with no other possible motive than to do jus-
tice. I will not bring my own judgment into con-
sideration; without that, the proofs are Jive against
the charge to one in favor of it, admitting the vin-
dictive spirit, the excited feelings of the Comptrol-
ler to detract nothing from the weight to which
his testimony would otherwise be entitled.
I will now ask attention to the next specifica-
tion brought forward by the Comptroller of the
I Treasury to sustain his charge. He proceeds to
say that "at the first session of the Twenty-sixth
Congress he elongated the India-rubber road to
five hundred and twenty-seven miles."
I have already shown that the change or in-
crease of my mileage was without my knowledge.
I had no intimation that such a motion would be
made, or that it was thought of. It was made in
direct opposition to my own charge. The act of
increasing it was the act of the committee, not of
myself; and the representation that through cu-
pidity I had improperly increased my mileage,
was unjust, abusive, and absolutely false. I can-
not say that he made the assertion knowing it to be
false; that he did it corruptly, intending to injure
me. It is sufficient that he made it without know-
ing it to be true. He may have guessed it was
true; his moral guilt may be modified by his igno-
rance; but the effect on me and upon the public
morals, the offense against his fellow-man, against
the law of kindness, of justice, cannot be obliter-
ated by his stupidity.
But that his offense against thelaw of propriety
may not lack any aggravating circumstance, he
goes on, while speaking of my original charge of
mileage, to remark: " I think I hazard nothing i 
' saying if it had been known at the next election that
' he" (meaning myself) " had taken this excess of
' mileage, he would not have obtained Jive hundred
'votes in the district." Unfortunately for my ac-
cuser, history has brought down to us facts which
most triumphantly refute this declaration, and
which place him in no enviable position. On the
29th September, 1840, prior to the next election,
! the Hon. David Tod, late Minister to Brazil,
made a charge against me of receiving more mile-
i age than the law allowed me. His charge was
[ published in the Trumbull Democrat, a newspa-
| per of general circulation in the county where the
Comptroller of the Treasury then resided. It
was published some sixteen miles_from his resi-
dence, and at the seat of justice for that coun-
ty. In that article Mr. Tod detailed my original
charge of four hundred and eighty miles, and the
increase of it to five hundred and twenty-seven
miles. To this charge I responded through the
public press, explaining all the facts as I have
now explained them. My defense was published
in the papers and in pamphlet form, and was
generally circulated through the district. I can-
not say that my predecessor, the gentleman who
now renews this stale charge, ever saw the ar-
ticle published by Mr. Tod, or my defense; but
I will give it as my opinion, that if he did not
read them, he must have been the only elector
of the district who was ignorant of the facts.
My answer then appeared perfectly satisfactory
to Mr. Tod and to the Democratic party. Mr.
