1853.
Whittle***, 1 understood, iu active in that can-
vass, used my explanation on the stamp, ad-
vocated my election with all these facts before
him, and voted for me at the election; yet now,
alter the lapse of twelve years, he appears sudden-
ly to have awakened to a consciousness that he
advocated the election and voted for a man who
for a series of years had been filching the public
money.
But, with all these facts known to the people,
so far from being unable to obtain five hundred
votes in the district, I am of opinion, speaking
from recollection, that I received more than twelve
Iktmmrnd, and that my majority at that election was
greater than that of any other member of Congrssa
la the United Slates. ,
My accuser may say that he had forgotten these
facta; that they had passed from his memory; but
he can only avoid the conclusion that he is guilty
of falsehood by stultifying himself. Here 1 leave
this charge. 1 wishythat duty to myself and to
the constituency whom 1 represent, would allow
me to deal more tenderly with this officer. He
was once ray friend, and I was his. 1 trust I am
yet his friend. I would not willingly add one
pans; to his remorse. I would not wantonly give
him an unpleasant thought; but my duties to him
are aa stern and unyielding as they are to myself,
ar to others.
At the commencement of the Twenty-eighth
Congress, the railroad through the State of New
York being completed, we were enabled to travel
to this ciiy in about one half the time occupied in
coming by Pittsburg and over the mountains. At
that time I think every member representing lake
districts, from New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio,
and all the western Suites, drew their mileage,
with the roost obvious propriety, by way of New
York, except myself. I continued to charge the
mileage established tor me by the committee of
the T wenty-sixth Congress! I was remonstrated
with,and told that I was doing myself injustice;
but I regarded it the official duty of the committee
to look at facta and to deal out justice to all. I
would neither change my estimate of mileage, nor
would I even speak to the committee respecungit.
In truth, I felt an indifference in regard to it.Pe
euniary advantage constituted no portion of my
objects in coming here.
But the unjust inequality of riving to every other
member It vine upon those northern lakes mileage by
way ofNew York, while mine was alio wed by way
of Pitts bury, attracted the attention of the commit-
tee. The Hon. Luther Severance, a member of
that committee, a Whig, of whose high moral
standing I need not speak, moved to place my mile-
age upon the same basis of other members on the 1
lakes. The motion was unanimously sustained,
there being two Whigs and three Democrats on |
the committee, according to my recollection. They |
determined to deal oat to me the same justice which
they measured to others. I felt conscious that
they had done right; that it was the " wiull} trav-
eled road," and that the law gave it to me, and I
took it. To have done otherwise would have
been to charye thecommittee with ignorance or cor-
ruption, and to violate my own judgment. -I was
conscious that they understood their duties; that
they comprehended the law, and administered it
in the spirit in which it was enacted. They could
not say the law was wrong in allowing mileage by
the osually traveled road. That constituted no
part of their duty. They were bound to admin-
ister the law as it stood. In this case, I did just
what my predecessor had done during the fifteen
years which be held a seat here. He received
every dollar and every cent to which he was en-
titled by a fair construction of the law and judg-
ment of the committee. I did precisely the same
thing, and no more. He made, perhaps, fifty or
sixty dollars per day while traveling here, not be-
cause he earned it, but because the law allowed it.
He measured his mileage by the law, and not by
the common price of labor. The same rule has
been followed by every member of Congress since
the law was enacted in 1819. I have, In this re-
spect, followed the example of all who have gone
before me. 1 would not degrade myself and con-
stituents by estimating my services at less value
than others, nor do 1 believe there is an elector in
my district, of any party, who desires me to do so.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
783
Sir, when the present Comptroller of the Treas-
ury strikes at me, his blows fall on himself—upon
every member of Congress who has sal in this
'! Hall since 1819. He more particularly charges I
the committee with neglect, with ignorance. But
that officer has given me his own official action to
contradict his charge.
It is well known that he passed upon and ap-
proved the mileage of Senators charged at the
second session of the Thirtieth Congress. The
Senators from Michigan, Illinois, Wisconsin, and
perhaps others, came down the lakes, passing
through my district, and almoat past my door.
They charged mileage, as they had for many years,
by way of New York. Now, it is very obvious,
that if Nsw York was the usually traveled route j
for them, it was for me. If I were bound to come 1
by Pittsburg, the* were. Being at the same point,
the same "usually traveled road" must ^ave led
them which led me. Yet the Comptroller who now
condemns my mileage, acting upon oath in his
official character, approves and sanctions the
mileage of those Senators by way of New York.
Now, sir, I appeal from the judgment of Elisha
Whittlesey given under political excitement,actu-
ated most evidently by a spirit of unusual personal
hostility, to the official judgment of Eliaha Whit-
tlesey, acting under oath. He is most obviously
guilty of official and moral perjury, or of inex-
cusable stupidity. In the exercise of common
and of Christian charity, I am constrained to im-
pute this attack to the latter.
But the Comptroller manifests a desire to make
the public understand that this mileage, by way
of New York, was not only illegal, but that I ob-
tained it by my own efforts, prompted by feelings
of cupidity. I have already quoted the following
from his letter:
" At the next teuton—the first Marion of the Twenty- ,
sixth Congress ke (meaning myself) elongated the India
rubber road to five hundred and twenty-seven miles."
He then proceeds, as follows:
" It remained stationary until the clow of the second
session of the Twemy-eighth Congress, when it stretched
again to eight hundred and fifty miles, where it remained
unul the second session of the Thirty first Congress."
' He commenced by falsely representing me as
enlarging my own mileage, when it was in fact
the act of the committee; and he continues to re-
peat the falsehood by attributing this change of
route also to my own action.
1 have stated the facts in relation to this change,
that it was done by the committee, on motion of
a Whig member; out I suppose that here again
the Comptroller will plead that he was ignorant
of the facta—that he made the charge, supposing
it true; yet, sir, had he read the papers—had he
possessed the ordinary intelligence of the day—he
must have been acquainted with them.
In the campaign of 1848, I was assailed with
this same charge, now renewed by the Comptrol-
ler of the Treasury. I desire the country to un-
derstand that he has not the merit of originating
these slanders. They were ready coined to his
hand, and all he had to do was t«rr«vamp, to
dress them up in his own language and aend them
forth as his own production. He has acted the
plagiarist—stolen the calumnies of scurrilous edi-
tors, and sent them forth as emanations from the
Treasury Department. But, sir, these charges
were promptly met at the time.
The Hon. Luther Severance, then editor of the
Kennebec Journal, noticing these attacks, and
feeling the spirit of truth and justice, came out
through the columns of that paper, and stated dis-
tinctly that he was a member of the Committee on
Mileage at the time I was placed on the route by
way ofNew York. That the change was made
on his motion, without my knowledge or procurement.
The Hon. Thomas J. Henly, chairman of the
committee, as worthy a man as ever acted in that
capacity, seeing the assaults made upon me, ad-
dressed to me a letter, repeating substantially the
statements of Mr. Severance, and adding that
after the committee bad decided the route on
which my mileage should be computed, he called
on me in person to learn the distance from my
residence here by way ofNew York.
The statement of Mr. Severance; and the letter
of Mr. Henly, were published by most of the pa-
pers in our part of the country; and it is most
extraordinary that the Comptroller should now
come out in direct contradiction to the statements
of thosegentlemen. I shall1 not compare the circum-
stances under which they wrote with those which
surrounded the Comptroller when he penned his
letter; nor the love of truth and justice which
called forth their statements, with the vindictive
80 distinctly characterizes his attack.
However, he may, and probably will, say that
he had not read the common news of the day;
that he spoke from ignorance, and not from intel-
ligence; that he was engaged in the duties of his
office at the time, and could not keep up with the
publications of the day. He will probably at-
tempt again to escape a conviction of putting forth
malicious falsehood at the expense of his intelli-
gence. He must acknowledge himself a calumni-
ator, or attribute his offense against truth and
morality to hia own stolidity.
But, sir, if members of this body are to be thus
attacked by Executive officers; if ignorance is to
justify or excuse them in such violations of truth
and propriety, we had better at once make an ap-
propriation for educating and informing the heads
of our Executive bureaus. Let us provide agents
whose duty it shall be to read the papers, and in-
form the officers.
But the Comptroller perseveres in his misrepre-
sentations. He proceeds, in regard to ray mile-
age, to say, "at the last session the road contract-
ed and was reduced in Mr. Giddinoi'i account to
eight hundred and four."
The only object of this appears to be a desire to
represent me as fickle in my views and action; as
uncertain in regard to the propriety of receiving
this mileage. The facts were simply these: The
railroad from Dunkirk to New York had been
completed; it shortened the route nearly fifty miles.
We no longer traveled by way of Buffalo and
Albany. Dunkirk and New York became the
"usually traveled road," and my mileage was re-
duced to that route; and I now inform my accuser
that such a road exists, ami that my mileage is
, computed upon it. _ Yet here again he will shelter
himself behmd the impenetrable walls of his intel-
lectual inertness.
I will not comment upon the Senibe arrogance
displayed in his attack upon Congress generally,
charging this body and the Senate-with corrup-
tion, saying that members had admitted to him
that the charge was true. Nor will I remark upon
that dictatorial vanity manifested, by saying what
he would have done in regard to my mileage and
per diem, had they come under his scrutiny.
They may constitute the subject of remark in
another place, but are unsuitea to the dignity of
this forum.
My sole object in rising was to protect my con-
stituency from the charge of sending to this body
" for a series of years," a man who takes " public
money to which he has no legal or moral claim."
They were neither so ignorant nor so corrupt as
to do that. It was my solemn duty to defend and
vindicate them when thus assailed. Had he gone
before them and met me face to face, anil stated
his charges like a man, agentleman,a Christian, I
should not have noticed his charges here; I should
have confined my defense to the political arena.
But his assault* were not intended to be eonfined
to my district. They were apparently put forth
to affect my political friends in all of the free States.
To do that, his charges were first published in the
Executive organ of this city, and through the par-
tisan presses was sent to all parts of ths nation.
Thither, neither I nor my constituents could fol-
low them. Our local papers could not overtaks
these falsehoods to correct them. We could not
make ourselves heard by tens of thousands who
read and gave credit to these fabrications. For
reasons very apparent, I was unwilling to demand
his removal from office; and the only course which
propriety seemed to indicate, was that of placing
on the records of this body the facts and explana-
tions, here to remaii^ in coming time a perpetual
refutation of these assaults. So far as I myself am
concerned, I will only say that the vote of those
whom I have so long represented has furnished
the only vindication 1 desired.
In what I have said I have been actuated by no
personal unkindness toward the officer who has
assailed me. So far as I can judge my own heart,
I would not wantonly add an'unpleasant thought
to his existence. Long since we were friends.
My first political efforts were put forth in his be-
half. Neither he nor his friends will hesitate to
admit that he was elected to this Hall, more
than thirty years since, through my exertions. I
was honestly and sincerely devoted to him. I
spoke in his praise; I labored for his elevation,
and hia service here did no discredit to those who*
