784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 22.
elected him. I became his successor. Here, sir,
1 have taken such positions as my judgment and
my conscience dictated; and in our old age we
found ourselves in political opposition to each
other. But nothing has been further from my
heart than the desire to detract from his personal
or political merits; yet he volunteered to strike
the fatal blow designed to prostrate me. This
friend of my youth, now in the decline of life,
aimed his envenomed arrow at the heart which
long beat warmest in his praise, and the influence
winch he possessed was wielded to prostrate the
individual who, of all others, had been most instru-
mental in conferring it upon him. But his shaft
fell short of its intended victim. 1 still survive.
J forgive him, and may God forgive him !
Mr. PITCH. I am doubtless the member of
the Committee on Indian Affairs who has been
referred to byits chairman as notpresentwhen the
Creek matter he has been advocating was under
consideration. My absence prevented me from
giving any aid in arriving at a conclusion, nega-
tive or affirmative, relative to the matter when pre-
sented to the committee. My object in now ob-
taining the floor is to renew an amendment offered
from the committee at the last session, and which
was lost in the Senate. I shall make but few re-
marks on it, because it is probably very weli un-
derstood by members from the previous discussion
and allusions which have been made to it at this
session. It is as follows:
'■ For payment in full of the claim, under that part of the
treaty ot 1831, which has relation to a grant of one hundred
thousand acres ol land in fee-simple to the then Ohio Shaw-
nees, $6t>,246: Provided, That the receipt therefor shall
specify that this is in lull satisfaction for such claim."
This claim is not one which has lain dormant
for forty years, and now, for the first time, brought
to the attention of Congress; for it has been pre-
sented before and immediately after it accrued;
been urged often by the Indians, and recognized
by the Indian Department as valid. A very able
speech was made in its advocacy, at the last ses-
sion, by the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, [Mr. Johnson of Arkansas.] It was then
sustained by others, and as I understand, the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] recently
alluded to it in favorable terms. In 1825, this
Government made a treaty with the Shawnees of
Missouri, who were in possession of land at Cape
Girardeau, purchased that land, and located them
on the Kansas river, on a reservation given them
by the treaty, to be equal to fifty miles square. It
was given to them for their own use and the use
of such Ohio Shawnees as might subsequently
choose to emigrate to it. It should be borne in
mind, however, that the Ohio Shawnees were no
parties to the treaty.
An item of history, not stated in the papers in
the case, may as well be called up in connection
with it: At the same time the treaty was being
made with the Missouri Shawnees, by which they
sold their Cape Giradeau possessions in exchange
for the fifty miles square, an effort was making to
treat with the Ohio Shawnees for the purchase of
their land, with a view to their removal also. The
Missouri Shawnees were advised of this, and
hence the insertion of the clause in the treaty with
them, relative to the Ohio Indians, as the former
desired the latter among them. The Ohio Indians
refused to treat, and, consequently, did not go
upon the Missouri land at that time. The land
was sold to the Missouri Shawnees alone, and the
compensation obtained alone from them; but, with
their consent, the Ohio Shawnees were privileged
to go upon it; no right, however, to the soil, can
be claimed by the latter. Subsequently, in 1831,
another effort was made, aqjl successfully made,
to treat with the Ohio band, for they were then
recognized as a distiact band, and we purchased
their possessions. It was provided in the treaty
that we should give them a blacksmith, and other
facilities, in part consideration for their land; but
seventy cents per acre of the amount for which
their land should subsequently be sold by Govern-
ment, was to be retained in the United States
Treasury, and in consideration of such retention,
we were to give than the fee-simple to one hundred
thousand acres of land, either within the fifty
miles square previously given to the Missouri
Shawnees, or adjoining it. The Ohio Shawnees
moved on the fifty miles square, and very shortly
after the treaty asked Government for their one
hundred thousand acres. It has not baen given
to them, and it cannot be, for the very good reason |
that it could not be given them within the fifty ]
miles square, because that was the property of the
Missouri Shawnees,and itcould not be given them
adjoining the fifty miles square because that had
already been given to other Indians, or all that was
capable of cultivation, or fit for the residence of
even the red man. It cannot, furthermore, now
be given to them, for an additional reason 1 shall
allude to presently.
These Indians ask, then, for some equivalent for
the land. We cannot plead their right of occu-
pancy within the fifty miles square as a redemp-
tion of the promise to give them the land in fee-
simple, because that is a right they do not enjoy
from us, but from the Missouri Indians. We
cannot plead their right of occupancy of a portion
of this fifty miles square in redemption of our
promise, because we had previously sold those
lands—the fifty miles square—to the Missouri
Shawnees, and we cannot sell the same property
twice. If we attempt to plead their right of occu-
pancy of these fifty miles square as a redemption of
the promise in the treaty to give them in fee-simple
one hundred thousand acres, we place ourselves
in the attitude of selling the same property twice,
and taking pay for it twice of two different par-
ties. Then, being unable to give them the land
promised, for the reasons I have stated, and for
the reasons I will state, it is very natural and just
that we should give them the seventy cents per
acre, for which their land sold, and which is now
in the Treasury of the United States, because I
take it for granted that we do not desire to specu-
late upon these or any other Indians. The tenth
article of the treaty with the Ohio Shawnees con-
templates the sale by them of the one hundred
thousand acres we were to give them. What
have they now to sell? They agreed by that ar-
ticle of the treaty not to sell except to the United
States. They have nothing to sell. They have
not a foot of land by that or any other treaty
which they can call their own, and of which they
can effect a sale either to the United States or any
other party. This article of the treaty clearly
shows the intention on our part to give them a
consideration for the seventy cents per acre—the
just price for which their land should sell—a con-
sideration which should be available to them,
which they could sell and realize the proceeds of.
But they have no consideration; we have given
them none, and we cannot, except the money—the
seventy cents per acre withheld. Shall we refuse
that? There are additional reasons to those I have
I stated why the prayer of these Indians should
be granted. One is to be found, 1 think, in the
recent passage by this House of a bill to organize
I the Territory of Nebraska. They reside within
j that Territory.
The amendment which I have submitted pro-
poses to make this fund a common one to the Mis-
souri and Ohio Shawnees, and for this reason:
The Missouri Shawnees have given those from
Ohio the right of possession of this fifty miles
square for several years. They have become
incorporated as one band. The Ohio Shawnees
are perfectly willing to relinquish a portion of the
proceeds of iheir land to the Missouri Shawnees,
in consideration of the right of occupancy which
they have, and have had, in the land of the latter.
Well, sir, the entire nation being interested in the
proceeds of the sale of the Ohio lands—in the re-
ception of an equivalent for the one hundred thou-
sand acres which we promised but cannot give—
if we do not redeem our promise so far as we can
by giving the equivalent—the seventy cents per
a"re withheld—we cannot approach them with pro-
posals for negotiating the purchase of their present
possession. If we do not fulfill the stipulations of
previous treaties, they will scarcely enter into a
new one with us. Since the passage of the bill or-
ganizing Nebraska Territory, we would not if we
| could give them the one hundred thousand acres
, in or contiguous to the fifty miles square, or in-
j deed anywhere in the Territory. We desire now
not to sell but to purchase. Our object is to ex-
tinguish Indian titles within that Territory, not to
make new ones. Of course, then, even if we had
; any contiguous land unoccupied, we would notbe-
j stow it on these people, even though in fulfillment
of our treaty s ipulation with them, if any honor-
able alternative was left; and that alternative we
have, for we can pay them the money, as contem-
plated in the amendment. The money is in the
Treasury, accumulated there from the sale of their
Ohio lands. The money, or the one hundred thou-
sand acres promised in lieu of it, must be given them
unless we would deliberately violate a treaty. J us-
tice and our promise demand one of them; neces-
sity and policy both tell us to pay the money.
The aggregate amount of the retained seventy
cents per acre from the sale of their lands is the
amount mentioned in the amendment.
So far as this Creek matter is concerned, I have
not been able to give it the investigation which is
desirable, my attention having been drawn to it
only within a day or two past. I do not intend,
therefore, to give my views in relation to it other
than by voting, unless it may seem advisable so
to do in the further progress of the debate.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time limited for clos-
ing the debate having arrived, the Clerk will pro-
ceed to read the bill by sections for amendments.
Mr. HOWARD. I movje that the committee
rise, with a view of extending the time for closing
debate.
Mr. FITCH. You cannot do that. There has
been a motion made to reconsider, which was laid
on the table.
The CHAIRMAN. It may be done in the
House. The Chair is of the opinion that it may
be done in the House by general consent, and in
no other way.
Mr. HOWARD. I would suggest to the Chair
! that it can be done by unanimous consent in the
committee as well as in the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not of that
opinion. The committee is acting in pursuance
of an order of the House. The House has di-
rected that at a certain hour we must close debate,
and we have to report our action to the House
when that order expires. I do not know that
there is any power to extend the time for closing
the debate except in the House.
Mr. HOWARD. I move that the committee
rise, with a view of extending the time.
The question was then taken on Mr. Howard's
motion; and there were—ayes 41, noes not
counted.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I demand tellers.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose if the House would
have the power to do this thing, the committee,
by unanimous consent, can do it, if there is no one
to object. We might as well do it here as to go
into the House. My object is to get along as
rapidly as we can with the business, and if no one
will object in committee, then, 1 presume, the de-
! bate can be extended.
| Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I differ with
the chairman in the decision which he has given.
It is objected that you have no power to extend
debate, although unanimous consent be given.
This committee is composed of the same members
as the House, and I do not see why the time can-
not be extended when unanimous consent is given
for that purpose. I ask the Chair to reconsider
his decision, look at the rationality of it, and see
whether the unanimous consent of the committee
being obtained, the time cannot be extended.
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks proper
to say that he should feel very great pleasure in-
deed in being able to agree with the gentleman
from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] for no one can
have a greater desire than he has that the gentle-
man should be accommodated in this matter; but
the present chairman of the committee not only
acts in this matter in pursuance of previous decis-
ions, but he acts according to liis own deliberate
judgment; for while this committee consists of the
same members as the House of Representatives,
it is a different body. We can do nothing here
except in pursuance of the order of the House.
The action taken by the House binds us. If the
House determines to limit debate to a particular
time, the committee, although it consists of the
same members, and though the motion to limit
debate had not been laid upon the table, could not
reconsider and change the time for limiting the
debate.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Chair will allow us to
take an appeal from that decision. I ask whether
this body is not at least the House 
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal is not debat-
able. It will be submitted to the committee.
Mr. BURT. I beg leave to suggest to the
Chair that while I think the Chair is entirely right
, in the opinion he has expressed, yet to entertain
