THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Conorkss, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1853.
New Series....No. 50.
the appeal would be to substitute the will of a ma-
jority of the committee for the unanimous con-
sent of the committee. The question is not a
matter of appeal. The Chair must perform his
duty under the rule and order of the House.
With great deference to the Chair, therefore, I
would suggest that an appeal upon this point can-
not be taken, for the effect would be, as I have
stated,to substitute a majority of the committee
for the unanimous consent of the committee, and
allow that to be done by a majority, which, in the
opinion of the Chair, cannot be done by unani-
mous consent.
The CHAIRMAN. Without undertaking to
decide the question of order raised by the gentle-
maun from South Carolina, [Mr. Bvrt,] the Chair
would be glad if this matter could go to the com-
mittee, and that they would decide the point of
order for themselves.
Mr. JOHNSON. I must take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
that it is not in the power of this committee, even
by unanimous consent, to change the order made
by the House, and under which they are acting.
From that decision the gentleman from Arkansas
lMJ; Johnson] has appealed. The question now
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?"
■file question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The CHAIRMAN. The time fixed by the
House for the termination of debate having ex-
pired, the Clerk will proceed to read the bill by
Bections unless the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston,] under the rules of the House,
claims the privilege of speaking an hour.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am entitled to an hour,
but as I have not examined this matter myself, I
am willing to give up my time to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SWEETSER. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that it is not in order for a gentleman
who is entitled to the floor to transfer it to an-
other.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will proceed
to read the bill, no amendment being offered.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is not my wish to do any-
thing wrong towards a member of this body. I
stated distinctly that this matter, not having been
before the body of which I am a member, nor
having had the usual examination given by that
committee to such matters, that 1 proposed to
leave it to be discussed by the members of the
Committee on Indidh Affairs exclusively. In ac-
cordance with my determination to yield to the
members of that committee, I am willing to yield
to the gentleman from Texas such portion of my
timeas he may desire to occupy. I will do that,
if he is disposed to divide the hour. 1 have no
objection to this course. My object is to have
discussion pertinent to the bill. But if the Chair
decides that I have no right to do so, I am ready
to progress with the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin- |
ion that the gentleman from Alabama has the right j
to yield the floor only for explanation. He can- i
not transfer it to any other member of the com-
mittee, and in that belief, if the gentleman from
Alabama does not choose to occupy the floor, the
Chair will order the Clerk to proceed with the
reading of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD I wish to make an explana-
tion, if the gentleman from Alabama yields me
the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will yield the floor to the
gentleman from Texas.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. Chairman, I propose to
trapass but little time upon the indulgence of the
committee.
Mr. SWEETSER. The gentleman has gone far
enough to show that he does not intend to make
an explanation, but to discuss the bill. I make
that point of order, and intend to insist upon it.
Mr. HOWARD. When the Committee on In-
60
dian Affairs had before it the claim which is now
he subject of consideration, the committee will
bear me witness that 1 was opposed to it.
It is true 1 did not indicate my purpose, to any
member of that committee, of addressing the
House against the allowance of this claim; but I
conceived then, as I do now, that there was no rule
of the House requiring me to announce that it was
my purpose to debate any subject which is prop-
erly before us for legislative action. Neither do I
believe that there is any rule of parliamentary law
or of propriety that requires me to go and notify
any member of the House or of a committee, af-
ter having stated my opposition to a claim, that it
is my purpose to resist its passage.
Having said thus much upon this subject, I
shall proceed to the consideration of the matter in
hand, and confine myself to an argument on the
claim.
Mr. SWEETSER. At this point, I raise the
question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Ohio insists upon his point of order 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope the
gentleman from Ohio will withdraw his objection,
and that the gentleman from Texas will be per-
mitted to proceed. I shall afterwards throw my-
self upon the indulgence of the House, and ask
unanimous consent to be allowed to reply, con-
sidering that I have yielded to a motion to close
debate at such a time a& will preclude me from re-
plying to this unexpected attack upon my amend-
mentDy a fellow committee-man.
Mr. HOWARD, I will yield a portion of my
time to the gentleman from Arkansas, if he wishes
it.
Mr. SWEETSER. With that understanding
I will withdraw my question of order. I have no
feeling about this matter. My sole object was to
protect the gentleman from Arkansas from what I
supposed to be an argument against the claim, to
which he would have no opportunity of replying.
But with the understanding that these two gentle-
men shall arrange the time among themselves, I
will withdraw my objection.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I say to the gentle-
man from Texas that he may take his own
time.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the Chair to notify me
when half an hour has expired.
Mr. SWEETSER. With the arrangement I
am satisfied.
Mr. HOWARD. This_ claim, sir, arises out
of the treaty of 1814, negotiated by General Jack-
son with the Creek Indians. The grounds of the
claim have already been read to the committee by
the gentleman from Arkansas. The history of
the case is this: A civil war, as Major Hawkins,
the then Indian agent reports, had broken out in
the Creek nation, and the friendly Creeks invoked
the aid of the United States to extinguish that war
and to preserve the peace of the tribe. In the
mean time, the hostile portion of the tribe—which
constituted a large portion of it—had manifested a
disposition to attack the United States and the
State of Georgia in conjunction with our common
enemies. Under these circumstances, the United
States ordered troops to Georgia, under the com-
mand of General Pinckney, and the Secretary of
War instructed General Pinckney that when the
war was closed, it should be treated as a capitula-
tion; that these Indians should be treated as pub-
lic enemies, and that sufficient of their country
should be taken "from the hostile Creeks to defray
the expenses of the war. This instruction was
also communicated to the Indian agent, and the
agent,undera letterfrom General Pinckney, which
has been read, stated to the friendly Creeks that
the country acquired would be treated as a con-
quest, and that in any settlement of the difficulty
which should be made under the authority of the
United States, their claims to land should be re-
spected; that out of the conquered country they
should be indemnified for losses of personal prop-
erty, and also that they should be paid some con-
sideration for the exertions which they had made
and the service^, which they had rendered to the
United States during the progress of the war.
This letter was communicated by the agent to the
friendly Creeks. After the war was closed, they
assembled at Port Jackson to conclude a treaty,
and it was then that the difficulty arose out of
which this claim has been presented.
There has been read to the committee the state-
ment of General Jackson to these Indians, that it
was necessary to draw a particular line, and that
in drawing that line, a certain portion of country
which ha3 been recognized as belonging to the
friendly Creeks, or at least occupied by them,
would be taken, and that they should be given a
compensation for it in lands between the Talla-
poosa and Coosa. It is true, that when the In-
dians assembled, they told General Jackson that
they did not consider the country thus given them
in exchange a fair equivalent, but they signed the
treaty, with the understanding that their claims for
compensation for losses sustained were to be for-
warded to the Federal Government by General
Jackson.
Mr. JOHNSON. Of course. I shall allow
thegentleman to interrupt me as often as he pleases,
and I hope, therefore, that he will petmit me to
ask him a question. Did not the Indians, when
they signed that treaty, do it under protest, and
say, "We sign this treaty on these conditions,
that the letters of Pinckney and Hawkins shall be
forwarded to the Government, upon whom we
place our faith and hope for justice and mercy?"
That is the substance, if not the very words. I
ask the gentleman if he does not recollect that ?
Mr. HOWARD. Such is the fact. It appears
from the evidence that they considered this letter
and statement what they termed their part of the
treaty. The question is, then, has the Govern-
ment complied with its obligations in this respect?
Upon that turns the whole case. It does not ap-
pear from the testimony, that thepapers were for-
warded in the first instance by General Jackson.
There is some controversy about that on the part
of Hawkins. But it does appear that they were
ultimately forwarded, and were placed among the
archives of the Government; and upon a call ofthis
House, in 1817, they were communicated to this
House as a part of the official transactions, and
in some sort as a part of the treaty. They were
so treated by Mr. Lowndes, in 1817, when he pro-
ceeded, as chairman of a committee, to consider
this matter and report a bill. Now, what were the
stipulations of Pinckney's letter to the Indians?
Mr. JOHNSON. I call the attention of the
gentleman to one fact, for I am familiar with the
record in this case. Does he not find that Mr.
Lowndes, in his report made many years since,
expressly says that the $60,000 specified by Haw-
kins as the amount of their losses, refers to indem-
nity for personal losses, and not for real estate?
Mr. HOWARD. The gentleman must per-
ceive that if he interrupts me in this way there
can be no compact between us as to the division of
the hour.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let there be none at all. I
will let the gentleman interrupt me at every point
when he thinks I fall into error.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. Lowndes reported in
1817, that the $85,000 was sufficient compensation.
Mr. JOHNSON. For indemnity for personal
losses.
Mr. HOWARD. He says in his report: .
"In the letter referred to in this instrument. General
Pinckney tells Colonel Hawkins that ' he may inform the
' (friendly) Indians that the United States will not forget
< their fidelity; but, in the arrangements which may be made
' of the lands to be retained as indemnity, their claims will
' be respected, and such of their chiefs as hare distinguished
< themselves by their exertions and valor in the common
' cause will also receive a remuneration in the ceded lands,
' and in sucb manner as the Government shall direct.' "
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will the gen-
tleman from Texas give way for a motion that the
committee rise ?
Mr. HOWARD. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Geor-
gia will allow me, I will move that this bill be laid
aside informally, that we may take up and act
upon the Senate amendments to theMilitary Acad-
