786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
emy hill. It will riot take fifteen minutes to dis- j
pose of them. !
Mr. STEPHENS. I have no objection to that,
if it is the will of the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I move that this bill
he laid aside, and that the committee take up the
Senate amendments to the Military Academy bill.
There was no objection, and the said amend-
ments were taken up for consideration.
The following amendment was read, viz:
"For additional pay of fiftv dollars each, to the soldier
employed m 111e Adjutant's office as clerk, and to the two
enlisted men emploved in the plHlosopnic.il and chemical
departments, j$loO."
Mr. HOUSTON. The explanation to this is,
that the duties of the soldier employed in the Ad-
jutant's office as clerk, and of the two enlisted men
employed in the philosonhical and chemical de-
partments have increased to such an extent that
they are not disposed to re.'nlist unless their com-
pensation is increased. This is, therefore, to pro-
vide them an increased compensation of fifty dol-
lars eich.
The question was taken and the amendment
was concurred in.
The second amendment was read, as follows:
<l For riding and exercise hall, .^12,000."
Mr. HOUSTON. I have here the papers
which explain that amendment, tfhich 1 will
have read if the committee desire it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will not make
a speech of one minute. 1 am opposed to that
amendment, because I do not think it necessary
to provide a riding-hall for those cadets. 1 hope
the vote will now be taken, and that the amend-
ment will be disagreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well; I am willing to
have the vote taken without discussion.
Mr. STANLY. I will not make a longer speech
than the gentleman from Georgia. I am in favor
of this amendment. This amendment is import-
ant, unless you intend to dispense with a riding-
school altogether, or compel the cadets to have
out-door exercises in the most inclement weather.
The present hall is so dilapidated that it is too
dangerous to be used for the purpose designed. I
was there last September, and 1 think there is a
great want of a proper hall for riding and exer-
cises. I have examined into the matter, and I feel
it my duty, as a Representative upon this floor,
to say that 1 think this appropriation is necessary.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 move to disagree to the i
amendment. I
Mr. McMULLIN. I do not think we can dis- j
pose of all these amendments to-day. I move that j
the committee do now rise.
The question was put, and the motion was not i
agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now send to the Clerk's
desk some letters and papers, which will explain
this amendment.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman from Alabama
will state whether the amendment is a proper one,
it will save the time of reading.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means did not concur in the amendment.
The question was then taken, and the committee
refused to concur in the amendment.
The third amendment was then reported, as fol-
lows:
" For the construction of a wharf, $4,330."
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The question was put, and the motion was not
agreed to, J
Mr. HOUSTON. I have here the papers which
explain that amendment.
Several Members. Explain it yourself.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means did not agree to recommend a concur-
rence in this amendment. It is asked for to erect
a wharf to supply one which used to be a mile
and a half higher up the river. It was a private
wharf: but there has been some difficulty between
the proprietor and the authorities at West Point
in relation to its use, and they now ask for an ap-
propriation to construct one for themselves. As I
said, the Committee on Ways and Means did not
agree to recommend a concurrence in the amend-
ment; but the original estimates are before me, and
the House can hear them, if they choose.
A Member. We do not want to hear.
T
The question was then taken, and the commit'
ee agreed to concur in the amendment. j
The fourth amendment was then read, as fol-
lows: |
" Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That hereafter the 1
professors of French and drawing shall receive the pay and
emoluments allowed to other professors; and the sum of
$1,000 is hereby appropriated for that purpose, out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. HOUSTON. This amendment proposes
to increase the compensation of the professors of
French and drawing to the same amount paid to
the other professors of the institution.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the House will not con-
cur m this amendment. Theduties of these pro-
fessors are of an entirely different character from
those of mathematics and philosophy, and they
should not be paid the same compensation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The salaries of
these professors of French and drawing were in-
creased to $1,500, if I mistake not, during the last
Congress. Why, you can employ a French
schoolmaster anywhere for $500 a year.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will state that the salaries
of those officers are now as high as those of such
professors in other similar institutions, for in-
stance, those at Annapolis.
The question was then taken, and the amend- ;
ment was not concurred in.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
the committee do now rise, and report the bill to
the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man to allow the committee to take up a bill which
was reported back by the Committee on Ways
and Means at the last session of Congress. It is
aSenate bill for designating the depositories under
the act of J846- I presume it will elicit no dis-
cussion, and there will be no objection.
Mr.STEPHENS. It is too late intheevening
to examine the bill,and I must therefore insist on
my motion that the committee do now rise, and
report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Bocock) reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the slate of the Union had, according to order,
had the state of the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly House bill No. 333, ma-
king appropriations for the service of the Indian
Department during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1854, and had come to no resolution thereon; they
had also had under consideration House bill No. !
332, making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy during the fiscal year ending 1
30th of June, 1854, with sundry amendments of
the Senate thereto; which they had instructed him
to report to the House, with the recommendation
to concur in some of the said amendments, and to
non-concur in others.
Mr. HOUSTON. These amendments have all
just been read in committee. I move that the re- 1
port be adopted in gross.
TheSPEAKER. That course will be adopted,
by unanimous consent.
There was no objection; and the action of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was concurred in by the House.
Mr. STANLY. 1 move to reconsider the
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 23, 1833.
Prayer by the Rev. James Gallaher.
Mr. HUNTER, from the committee appointed
on the part of the Senate, jointly with the com-
mittee appointed on the part of the House of Rep-
resentatives, to wait on Franklin Pierce, of New
Hampshire, and notify him of his election as Pres-
ident of the United States, reported:
That the committee had performed the duty as-
signed them; and that the President elect, in sig-
nifying his acceptance of the office to which he
had been chosen by the people, said:
"You will please to communicate to the respective Houses
of Congress my acceptance of'the trust confided to me, and
at the same tune express to them my grateful acknowledg-
ments, and assure them of the deep sen-e of obligation with
which [ regard this manifestation of confidence on the part
of my countrymen. It will be my earnest endeavor to piove
that their conlidence has not been misplaced."
THE INAUGURATION.
Mr. BRIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolred, That there be appointed a committee of the
Seriate to make the necessary arrangements for the recep-
tion and inauguration of the President elect on the 4Ui of
March, and to apprir^e him of the same.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That the committee be appointed by the Pres-
ident pro tempore.
And Mr. Bright, Mr. Pearce, and Mr. Ham-
lin were appointed.
PACIFIC LINE OF STEAMERS.
On motion by Mr. COOPER, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Secretary of the Navy,
relative to the establishment of a line of steamers between
the western coasts of the United States and the free porta
of China, communicated yesterday, be printed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The PRESIDENT. The Senate bill for the
relief of Mary W. Thompson has been passed by
the House with an amendment, which is, to add
at the end of the bill the following:
" And the pension heretofore allowed to Mrs. Elizabeth
V. Lomax, widow of Mann Page Lomax, late major in the
Ordnance Corps, shall commence on Ihe27th day of March,
184*2, and continue for and during her widowhood."
Also, to amend the title by adding " and Mrs.
Elizabeth V. Lomax."
Mr. MASON. Thatamendment is in the lan-
guage of a Senate bill which passed the Senate and
went to the House. The House, instead of pass-
ing a separate bill for the relief of Mrs. Lomax,
has put it as an amendment to this bill for the re-
lief of Mrs. Thompson.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment. It is a bill which haa
passed the Senate several times, for the relief of
the widow of Major Dade.
Mr. MASON. I hope not. That will destroy
the bill.
Mr. MORTON. I feel gre«t reluctance to em-
barrass any bill which is brought to the consider-
ation of the Senate; but the amendment which I
propose now is to provide for the case of Mrs.
Ann Dade. A bill for her relief has passed the
Senate several times—three times, I believe; but it
has been lost in the House of Representatives. 11
would have been attached as an amendment to the
bill for the relief of Mrs. Thompson if it had not
, , i, • - , , • . . • been lost in committee. I have the assurance of
vote taken this morning, by which certain papers , members of the House that if this amendment be
designated by thegentleman from Virginia, which ;
were referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
were ordered to be printed. 1 understand that
Commodore Jones in his communication has re-
ferred in harsh terms to certain officers. I think,
therefore, in justice to him, the communication
should be printed. With that view 1 make this
motion to reconsider.
The question was taken and the vote was recon-
sidered.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
print.
Mr. STANLY. I now move that alt the pa-
pers in this case, with those in relation to the
McCormick claim, be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and
The House adjourned till to-morrow at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
attached, it will not embarrass the bill, but that
the amendment will be agreed to in the House,
j This is a peculiar case. Mrs. Dade is the widow
of Major Dade who commanded the American
forces at Dade's massacre in Florida. Owing to
the neglect of the House, or some unforeseen acci-
dent, the bill for her relief which has passed the
Senate has been mislaid, while the bill for the re-
lief of the widow of Captain Gardiner has been
, taken up and passed here withoutobjection. This
is perhaps the only chance that I have for provid-
ing for Mrs. Dade at this session.
The bill being lost in the House, it would be
necessary to prepare another bill to pass this
body, and then go to the House, and the conse-
quence would be that it might be impossible to
Frovide for the case of Mrs. Dade at this session,
t is a strong case; and I assure Senators that I
would not embarrass this bill, particularly that for
the relief of Mrs. Lomax, in which I feel as deep
an interest as any Senator; but, at the same time,
