1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
787
I feel a deep solicitude in the case of Mrs. Dade.
There is no widow of any officer who belonged
to the American Army more deserving of the
favorable consideration of Congress than Mrs.
Dade. She is now in a distressed pecuniary situ-
ation. " If relief is not extended at this time, I
shall despair of anything being done at the present
session. I hope that without objection the Senate
will suffer the amendment to be made. It is pre-
cisely the language—it is in fact the bill itself—
which passed the Senate three several times with-
out objection.
Mr. MASON. There would be no objection
in the world to the Senator's proposition as a sep-
arate question; on the contrary, it would pass at
once, I presume; but I submit whether it will be
exactly right to put in jeopardy the bill providing
for these two ladies, in the hope that the amend-
ment may be thus passed in the House. Every-
body who knows the state of the business in the
House, knows that if the amendment be inserted
in this biTl, it will have to go back there, and it
will thus greatly endanger the three, and probably
destroy them all. The Senator has no right to say
that he knows the bill will pass, as amended, in
the House, because no man can control the action
of that body; nor can any man say what the House
will or will not do. I hope he will withdraw his
motion, or if he does not that the Senate will not
agree to it.
Mr. MORTON'. I would accede to the propo-
sition of the Senator from Virginia, if I did not
think this was the only chance which I can obtain
to have Mrs. Dade provided for at this Congress.
I hope the Congress of the United States is'dis-
posed to deal equal and fair justice to all, and there
is no case which presents a stronger claim than
that of Mrs. Dade. While the widow of the sec-
ond in command in that " massacre" has been
provided for by a bill, I should consider myself
wanting to a constituent of mine, if I did not press
the amendment. I have conversed with many
members of the House of Representatives who
express the greatest regret that the bill for the re-
lief of Mrs. Dade had not been attached to that for
the relief of Mrs. Thompson, and I have very
great confidence in the assertion that the amend-
ment will be agreed to in the House before it passes
to the Speaker's table. I hope the Senate will
agree to it.
Mr. MASON. What is there in anything
■which has been advanced by the Senator from
Florida which shows that we ought to put in
jeopardy, and most probably destroy, the bill pro-
viding for the widows of two other officers f He
has advanced nothing, in my opinion, which should
induce us to do it.
Mr. MORTON. In reply to the Senator from
Virginia, permit me to say that the billfor the re-
lief of Mrs. Elizabeth V: Lomax put in jeopardy
the bill for the relief of Mrs. Thompson. The
bill for the relief of Mrs. Thompson is a Senate
bill, and but for the amendment for the relief of
Mrs. Lomax, it would have never been returned
to the Senate^ hut so anxious was the- House of
Representatives to provide for the case of Mrs.
Lomax, that they put in jeopardy, if jeopardy it
be, the bill for the relief of Mrs. Thompson, by
returning it to the Senate. That bill is now here,
and all I ask is that the amendment providing for
the relief of Mrs. Dade be attached to it, and that
it may be returned to the House. The same feel-
ing which influenced the House in suffering the
amendment for the benefit of Mrs. Lomax to be
attached to the bill for the relief of Mrs. Thomp-
son, I have no doubt will influence it in agreeing
to the amendment for the benefit of Mrs. Dade.
But I am not disposed to consume the time of the
Senate by saying anything further.
Mr. MASON. Nor am I; but the cases are
not parallel. The Senate can do business, but the
House cannot. There was no risk in the House
attaching the amendment for the benefit of Mrs.
Lomax to the bill for the relief of Mrs. Thomp-
son, and Sending it back to the Senate. There is
risk in returning the bill to the House. "
The question was then taken, and 9n a division,
there were—ayes 18, noes 14. So the amendment
was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was then concurred
in.
• MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Hates, its Chief Clerk,
announcing to the Senate that the House agree to
the report of the Committee of Conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill to
prevent frauds upon the Treasury of the United
States.
Also, that the House of Representatives concur |
in the first and third, and disagree to the second i
and fourth amendments of the Senate to the bill j
making appropriations for the support of the Mili- j
tary Academy for the year ending the 30th of
-June, 1854.
Subsequently, on tnotion by Mr. HUNTER,
the Senate insisted on its amendments to the Mili-
tary Academy bill disagreed to by the House of
] Representatives, and a Committee of Conference
on the part of the Senate was appointed by the
President pro tern., consisting of Mr. Pearce, Mr.
Shields, and Mr. Bayard.
, EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
| The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
i Senate a report of the Postmaster General, commu-
j; nicating, in compliance with a resolution Of the
i Senate of the 17th instant, a statement from the
Auditor for that Department relatiyeto the postage
collected under the postal treaty with Great Bri-
tian; which was read; and, on motion by Mr.
RUSK, it was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed for the use of the Senate.
BRIG GENERAL ARMSTRONG.
Mr. UNDERWOOD submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to;
j Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
! cate to the Senate, if in his opinion it be not incompatible
! with the public interest, the correspondence between out
Minister in Portugal and the Government of that country in
relation to the brig General Armstrong, and the liability of
the Portuguese Government to pay for the same.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House for the relief of John
! Huffington was read the first and second time
by unanimous consent, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims,
j BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BORLAND asked, and, by unanimous
consent, obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of Sally T. B. Cochrane, widow of the late
Lieutenant R. E. Cochrane, United States Army;
| which was read and passed to a second reading,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRIGHT, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to indemni-
fy the State of Indiana for the failure of title to a
township of land granted to said State on her ad-
mission into, the Union in 1816; which wan read
the first and second time by. unanimous consent,
and referred to the Committee on Pub.lic Lands.
TBS FISHERIES.
Mr. DAVIS submitted an atnendment, which
he proposed to offer as a substitute for the bill to
regulate the rights of fishing, and the rights of
disposing of the proceeds of the fisheries in and
between the British North American Provinces
and the United States; which was received infor-
mally, and ordered to be printed for the use of
the Senate.
VICE PRESIDENT ELECT.
Mr. BUTLER, with unanimous consent,asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill providing for
administering the oath of office to William R.
King, Vice President elect of the United States of
America, without the limits of the United States.
It was read a first and second time by unanimous
consent, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to authorize William L.
Sharkey, Consul of the United States at Havana,
to administer, at Havana, in the Island of Cuba,
to William R. King, Vice President elect of the
United States, the oath of office prescribed by the
sixth article of the Constitution, on the 4th of
March next, or on some subsequent day, in these
words: " I, William R. Kin£, do solemnly swear
that I will support the Constitution of the United
States;" which oath, thus administered, shall be
certified by William L. Sharkey, under his hand,
to the Congress of the United States. Italso pro-
poses to enact that any judge or magistrate of the
United States may administer that oath on the
4th of March next, or some subsequent day, to
the Vice President elect, if in the United States,
and the officer before whom the oath is taken is to
certify the administration of the oath as before
provided.
Mr. MASON. 1 would suggest to the Senator
from South Carolina that I have learned to-day#
and [ suppose it is true, that intelligence has arrived
in New York, which came here by telegraph a
few hours ago, stating that Colonel King had left
, Havana and had gone to the Island of St. Thomas,
j I know it was in the contemplation of himself and
his physician that he might not remain at Havana,
j I would therefore suggest the propriety of so
amending the bill as to make it competent for any
consul or commercial agent of the United States
in the West Indies to administer the oath.
| Mr. BUTLER. I am perfectly willing to do
that; but as soon as Mr. King is advised of this
act I am sure he will immediately repair to Key
West, where a district judge resides, or to Ha-
vana, and take the oath. I do not know that there
is a consul at any of those-other islands, and
therefore I do not think it worth while to amend
the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
I rending, read a third time, and passed, and on mo-
| tion by Mr. HALE, the title was amended by
j striking out the words " without the limits of the
! United States."
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to postpone all
prior orders, for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of the bill making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1854.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
The first amendment, reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance, was to inortaae the appropria-
. tion for repairs and improvement* and new ma-
chinery at Harper's Ferry, from *528,950 to
$43,500.
Mr. HUNTER. That is to restore the item-
to the estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to increase the appropriations for the arsenals from
$41,071 to $58,144, and to insert the words "or
transfer" after the word " abolish," so as to give
the Secretary of War power to abolish or transfer
such arsenals as in his judgment might be useless
and unnecessary v
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
amend the appropriation for arrearages of pay,
subsistence, and clothing to Captain McRae's
company of Virginia volunteers, who served in
the last war with Great Britain, by adding to it
the following words;.
" To be paid out to tbl officers and soldiers of said com-
pany, or their legal representatives, under the order of the
Secretary ef War, upon the production of such proof as
satisfies him as to the identity of said officers and soldien,
and that they have not been paid."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert:
'• For fuel and quarters for officers of the Army serving
on light house duty, the payment of which is no longer
made by the Quartermaster's Department, $4,053 87."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert:
" For fuel and quarters, and for mileage ortransportatioa
for officers and enlisted men in the Army, serving on the
Coast Survey, in cases no longer provided for by the Quar-
termaster's Department, $10,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the follow-
ing as an additional section:
11 Sec. 4. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the provisions
of the act of" Congress passed March 3,1619, entitled (An
act authorizing the sale of certain military sites,' be, and
the same are hereby, extended to all military sites ac-
quired since the passage of the said act."
Mr. HUNTER. It is obvious that the same
policy should exist now as that which originally
led to the passage of that act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add the following
as an additional section:
" Sec. 5. Jlni be U further enacted. That such portion
of the turn of $75,000, appropriated for the discharge of
