1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
789
principle, you at once throw open the navy-yard
and all the armories to a contest of civilians for
office and for patronage; and we are at once to
try the experiment of putting the armories under
the control of persons who have had no experience
whatever, and will therefore expose the Govern-
ment to great loss, and this branch of the Army to
inexperienced persons, who are not acquainted at
all with the work desired to be made.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I am, I confess,
somewhat in the condition of the honorable Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. There is a conflict
of opinion upon this subject which perhaps does
not make it entirely easy to ascertain what is the
truth in regard to it. I would, with as much re-
luctance as any gentleman here, do anything which
should reflect upon the character of t^ese officers.
As far as I know them, they do tneir duty. I
know very well the superintendent of the armory
at Springfield, and I know him to be a gentleman
held in honorable estimation. I would wish,
therefore, to do nothing which should seem to
cast, by implication, blame or reproach upon him.
While I say this, I see that there are disputes
about points'which it is difficult for me to settle;
as, for example, there is a controversy aboyt the
expense of manufacturing arms. It is said, on
the one hand, that there has been a reduction in
the expense. On the other hand, this is denied;
and it seems that you come to one result or the
other according to the data which you assume.
Then there is a dispute on another point—whether
or not the quality of arms has depreciated.
There is n disagreement about that, and a contro-
versy between certain persons in regard to this
topic.
My difficulty is, thatl do not understand enough
of this controversy to undertake to settle and de-
cide upon its merits; and I am^called upon, if I
vote for this amendment, to decide that question;
whichever way I vote I must decide it. It be-
comes, therefore, my duty to act according to the
best judgment, if forced to this alternative, though
there is an array of gentlemen of great respecta-
bility on both sides of this question, who have
expressed decided opinions; gentlemen who are
known here and in other places to be persons of
great respectability, and who differ in regard to
it. The difficulty, I apprehend, is that what they
term a military government over men who are
mechanics by profession and civilians, is not the
kind of government that is adapted to their tastes
and feelings. It is distasteful to them, since the
stringent character of it frets the feelings and cre-
ates an uneasy spirit. Whether there is any in-
justice done or not is a matter which I shall not
undertake to decide upon these conflicting state-
ments. I conceive that that is the real difficulty.
I have turned this matter over in my mind, and
I have some difficulty in disposing ofit to my own
satisfaction. I have thought that the President of
the United States could settle this question a great
deal better, and more to the satisfaction of all con-
cerned, than I could, and I intend to propose an
amendment which will declare that the President of
the United States shall exercise his own judgment
in this matter, by continuing the present state of
things if he deems that the public interests require
it, or if the public interests, on the other hand,
demand a civil superintendence, he may establish
that system.
The President has the power to order an inves-
tigation. He has the power to look into this sub-
ject, and to ascertain the truth of the allegations on
each side. The Senate have not that power. It
is impossible for us to do it. Let the President,
then, take it and settle it upon his own responsi-
bility. That it is a subject surrounded with diffi-
culties I know. That it may degenerate into a ;
mere political matter, I am aware. It is very
likely that civil superintendents will take that di-
rection ; but it is alleged that that is even now to
some extent true. I do not undertake to indorse
the truth of these allegations, however. 1 leave
these matters as they are; and without detaining
the Senate, I propose to amend the proviso which
the Senator from Illinois moves to strike out, so
as to strike out all after the words " first day of
July next," and insert,
" The act of Congress, approved August 33,1848, be so
modified that the President may, if in his opinion the public
interest demands it, place over auy of the armories a super-
intendent who does not belong to the Army."
Mr. PE ARCE. I think it would be better thati
Congress should wait until they have an intimation
from the Executive of the necessity of some change
in this law, before we adopt even the amendment
( of the Senator from Massachusetts. In the infancy
| of our military system, I believe the superintend-
ents of the armories were civilians, and they were
so, because at that time we had no ordnance of-
ficers in the Army. Subsequently an Ordnance
Corps was created, and to that corps, the law as it
now stands, intrusts the management of the armo-
ries and the manufacture of arms and ammunition.
That change was made by law, I believe, in 1842.
It was not made without due consideration. A
commission was organized in 1841, to examine
into this subject. That commission made a very
' thorough examination, and presented the report
which I have before me, and from which I beg leave
to read a few passages to the Senate. They say:
" They deem it of primary importance to have the arm-
ory under the direction of the Ordnance Department.
Such an arrangement will insure a permanent and capable
superintendent, over whom the Department can exercise a
military control, and who will be responsible in the penalty
of his commission and his reputation as an officer for the
faithful observance of all the regulations established by the
Department. It will also place the establishment beyond
the control of local and political influences, give perma-
nence and uniformity to all its operations, and insure a just
and impartial administration. It is of the first importance
that the superintendent should be a man of science, well
acquainted with the best models of the musket, versed in
the construction and operation of machinery, educated in
habits of punctuality and order, and accustomed to control
and direct the labors of others. These qualities, the board
suppose, are more likely to be found in an ordnance officer
who has attained sufficient rank in his corps to be intrusted
with such important duties, than among the various appli-
cants from civil life. Should the Department decide that
existing laws require the appointment of a superintendent
not of the Army, the board would suggest whether the in-
terest of the Government would not be best served by re-
quiring him to perform all his duties under the direction of
an officer of the Ordnance Corps ? Had this corps been in
existence at the time of the establishment of the armories,
there seems no reason to doubt that their entire direction
would have been confided to it, as they,were immediately
transferred to it on its creation. This would have given
their management to a military superintendent, and obvi-
ated the anomaly which has existed of a military establish-.
ment under the direction of a military Department, and yet
subject to the superintendence of a civil head."
I will not read further from this report. The
Senate will observe that prior to this period the
selection of superintendents of the armories was
not made with reference to the probable qualifica-
tions and fitness of the incumbent. Sometimes it
presented an amusing incongruity. Before the
' establishment of this system, by which a military
' supervision was provided for these armories, we
. had the singular spectacle of a minister of the gos-
, pel presiding over one of these establishments—a
1 very respectable gentleman, I have no doubt.
I Mr. HALE. Why is that singular?
Mr. PEARCE. I think it is singular, because
t the profession and duties of a minister of the gos-
pel are not those in the exercise of which he could
acquire skill in the invention or fabrication of in-
struments of death and destruction, and I know
i no affinity between the clerical order, whose mis-
i' sion is one of peace on earth and good will to men,
!l and the military profession, unless we find it in
l; the answer to a conundrum—they both deal in the
I: cannon law.
Perhaps, however, the appointment may have
been due to the reverend gentleman's name, which
was Robb. Whether there be any connection
between that word and the pursuits of war, I will
not further suggest. [Laughter.]
Well, sir, Mr. John C. Spencer, when he was
Secretary of War—and I think I may say, with-
out fear of contradiction, that a more astute man, I
with higher administrative faculties, never pre-
sided over that Department—recommended that
change in a report dated June 29, 1842, in conse-
quence of which the law of August 23, of that
year, was passed. I believe he had given it a
thorough investigation, as had his predecessor.
But the commission to which I have referred re-
ported on the subject during his administration
of the War Department. Subsequently, charges
were made against the military superintendent of
one of these armories. I have before me a copy
of the proceedings of the court of inquiry con-
vened to investigate the truth of those charges. I
i propose to read a few extracts from the testimony 1
taken then, to show the character of the military
management of the armory at Springfield. In the
testimony of Mr. Pomeroy, of Pittsneld, I find the !
following: |
| " My contracts with the General Government have been |
[ since 1816. For twenty years past all my contracts have been
predicated upon models sent me, by which I was to make
my verifying instruments, and be otherwise guided. I had
1 a right to a box of muskets from the armory, to which the
inspectors might have reference for comparison with my
1 manufacture. For very near half this twenty years, an in-
spector from the United States armory has been at my
j armury; and whenever, in the inspector's opinion, I had
got behind (' behind in quality') the Springfield armory, I
! referred him to the muskets we had on hand. The inspect-
ors would say that this box of muskets that I had were far
behind those of Springfield; and by my contract, I was
obliged to keep up with the improvements at Springfield-
The next notice I had was from the War Department, that
this box of muskets I had must be returned, and a new
box sent to me. I found uniformly that they had been im-
proving from year to year. The last box, I should think,
was sent perhaps two and a half years since, which was a
great improvement on the first box sent of the new model
of 1839 and 1840."
That is when they were under civil superintend-
ence.
"I have frequently had occasion to come to Springfield
to examine the arms to see if I fell behind them, and have
done so pretty faithfully for twenty years. In every examin-
ation I have so made, I have thought they have been im-
proving up to this time in manufacture of material. I have
examined muskets this morning, and I can say that there is
a general improvement in them from 1840 to 1844; that it
is difficult to specify from year to year, but several years
would show a great improvement."
A variety of questions were put to him, in re-
lation to the manner in which the work was done,
the skill and fidelity with which it was conducted.
All his answers were perfectly satisfactory, and
showed that the work done at the Springfield
armory, during the military superintendence, was
much superior to that done when it was under
civil superintendence. I will not exhaust the time
of the Senate further by reading any extracts from
tbis testimony.
It seems to me perfectly natural that this should
be the result. These ordnance officers are educa-
ted specially to fit them for this service. They
have that peculiar sort of knowledge which, with-
out their being practical mechanics, fits them for
the superintendence of a work of that sort. What
guarantee will you have that a civil superintendent
will have any such general knowledge, much less
that accurate and valuable information which you
may expect from an officer of the Ordnance Corps ?
We know, unfortunately, what considerations,
entirely foreign from those which should prevail,
often determine the selection of civilians for oif.ee;
and as they have gone to a clergyman, whose vo-
cation certainly would not lead us to suppose that
he would be peculiarly qualified for the superin-
tendence of an armory, may we not expect that
they will select hereafter civil superintendents from
a class of people utterly without qualifications, or
if not entirely without qualifications, at all events
without full and adequate qualifications?
What, then, shall we gain by this change? We
shall only increase the expenditures of Govern-
ment and enlarge Executive patronage. We shall
only feed still more fully that lust of office which
is getting to be an absolute disgrace to the coun-
try, which seems likely to become almost as gen-
eral as the elective franchise itself, and which
would convert and is converting members of Con-
gress from statesmen which they ought to be, and
by courtesy at all events are, into something for
which they were never intended—mere gratis ad-
vocates and office brokers. That really seems to
me to be the great business which the public now
expect us to perform, and which, if we do per-
form, will not leave us a fragment of time for our
legitimate duties. This proposed change will stim-
ulate this vitiated appetite for office. I admit that
it is but a small sop to Cerberus; but it is a sop
nevertheless; and it is one which I think we ought
not to throw to the triple-headed devourer.
Now, Mr. President, this military superintend-
ence has continued for eleven years. I think it is
incumbent upon those who ask us to change the
system to show us, not on a sudden ex parte state-
ment, but on an examination thoroughly and
properly made by competent officers, persons of
integrity and information, that thepresent system
requires change. None such has been exhibited.
Some complaints have been made, it is true, like
those to which the Senator from Massachusetts
has alluded, of the dissatisfaction of the laborers
with the strictness of military employment. Sir,
if there should be anything oppressive in the con-
duct of these military superintendents, what is
easier than for (hose who are oppressed to make
complaint to the head of the Department, who
unquestionbly would interfere (unless he were
