790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 23,
such a man as I trust will never go into that
place) to protect them from such oppressions.
But, sir, is it not the nature of man to endeavor
to escape from the just requirements of labor?
What else have we been doinj;, ever since our
first parents were driven from the garden of
Eden, except to cheat that decree of Providence
that man must earn his bread by the sweat of his
brow? Men have pretty generally been trying to
get their bread without that sweat of the brow, or
at least with as little of it as possible; and 1 think
that is the reason here.
Mr. HALE. That is the explanation of slavery.
[Laughter.]
Mr. PEARCE. I take it for granted that there
is no such oppression as an industrious, honest,
working-man, could reasonably complain of; or,
if there is, it does not result from the nature of
the system, but from the personal character and
peculiar temper of the officer at the head of the
armory; and that undoubtedly misht be removed
by the Executive, and would be, if it turned out
to be true. I have quite confidence enough in the
incoming President, and the gentleman who, I
have been told, is to be Secretary of War, to be-
lieve that they will not tolerate any oppression of
the workmen. Besides, the same peculiarities of
temper are as likely to be found m a civilian.
I believe that there has been, according to the
proof with which we have been furnished, greater
efficiency, and certainly no departure from econ-
omy, in the manufacture of muskets and other
arms, in the armories, under this system; and
greater efficiency is a matter of much more im-
portance than mere economy. Now, sir, I think,
the system having been pretty well tried, and no
good objection having been shown why we should
depart from it, it is obvious that this body ought
not to change it in this method, upon the spur of
the occasion, upon a mere suggestion, as it were,
almost unaccompanied by any argument Of evi-
dence, and on the passage of an appropriation
bill. I trust the Senate will not act precipitately,
but will throw this provision out of the bill; and
if the system is to be changed at all, let it be done
on full advisement, and after thorough investiga-
tion.
Mr. BORLAND. The proposition of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is, as I understand it,
to confer upon the President by express enact-
ment, power to put these armories under such su-
pervision as he may think proper. I apprehend
that he possesses that power already; and the only
effect of that amendment, it seems to me, would
be to reflect not only upon the head of the Exec-
utive Department, so far as I know without cause,
but upon the officers of the Army who have been
intrusted with the supervision of these armories.
It is therefore not necessary to adopt it, and if
adopted, its only effect will be indirectly to cast
censure when we have no evidence that censure
is due.
The Senator from Illinois, the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, very properly
said, as I think, and with great force and propri-
ety, that if this change is to be made, those who
propose it should show some good reason for it.
Now, to the Senate at any rate, no reason what-
ever has been shown that the change should be
made. No one has attempted to give a reason;
but very strong, very good, and, in my opinion,
very conclusive reasons have been given why the
change should not be made. The armories are
now well conducted. The quality of arms man-
ufactured at them has been improved every year,
and it is now better than it has ever before been.
There is evidence upon good authority here that
not only has the quality of the arms been im-
proved, but greater economy has been obtained.
It seems to me that for these reasons alone we
should oppose the change.
Mr. President, I have no prejudices in favor of
the armory. If I have prejudices at all—and I
trust I have none, or as few as any one else 
they are in a very different direction. But I have
seen enough of the operations of the armory, in
the manufacture and preparation of arms at least
to satisfy me that the system, as it is now con-
ducted, is a wise, practical, and useful one- as
good, perhaps, as we can attain at the present
time. That there are persons m civil life who de-
sire profitable employment, and the certainty
which the -payment of salaries from the Federal
Government would give them, who wish to get i
into these places assuperintendents of the armories,
is very natural. We see on all sides not only no
unwillingness to serve the Government, but a de-
sire for office, which I ana compelled to say is
anything but creditable to the character of the
American citizen, not only in this instance, but
Ml almost every department of the Government,
from one end of the Union to the other. 1 think,
therefore, it would be in good taste, and that it
would be good policy, lookingto the interests and
the character of the Government, to discourage
rather than encourage such a spirit as is over-
spreading our country, and, in my opinion, de-
grading the character of American citizens. We
find them corning from all quarters, begging at the
door of the Federal Treasury to become stipendi-
aries upon the Government, unwilling to throw
themselves into the world, and into the general
competition in which all citizens are protected alike,
dependent upon their own individual exertions,
and their own merit, to sustain them in the pursuit
of any business which their talents or their tastes
may lead thein to engage in. For this general
reason 1 should be opposed to any change.
The Senator from Illinois, I think very prop-
erly,suggested that if we make this change at ail,
and place the armories under civil superintend-
ence, we should abolish the whole system, and
let the Government, like the individual citizens,
when it desires to purchase arms, go into the mar-
ket and purchase where it can obtain the cheapest
and best. But as long as we retain our system of
manufacturing arms as a part ofour military system,
and under the general supervision of the War De-
partment, I insist that we should be violating a
very important principle of action if we refused to
permit the head of the War Department, or the
chief Executive of the nation, to employ such
agencies as they may deem best to execute the
laws which we pass for their government. 1 think
we ought to permit the head of the War Depart-
ment to be a judge of the agencies, to say where,
and when, and by whom these arms shall be
manufactured; and when wedepartfrom that prin-
ciple, and undertake by legislation, and especially
by such legislation as this, to incorporate an im-
portant law, changing an important system of
operations in the public service, upon an appro-
priation bill, as a mere amendment, we are run-
ning wild; we are going in a direction which will
be injurious to the public service.
Complaint has been made—and the amendment
seems to have grown out of that complaint—that
the discipline required in-the armory by the mili-
tary superintendents is oppressive, tyrannical,and
unjust. 1 know from my own observation that
the operations in the armories and all the other
branches of the public service where military rule
prevails are conducted with great regularity and
greatsystem. There is an exactness of hours and
of habits required on the part of the employees.
I have never known oppression. It may exist,
but it has not come under my observation. But
I do know this, so far as my observation en-
ables metojudge.thatthe persons employed in the
military service or in our navy-yards do less work
for the amount of money which they receive than
persons under civil supervision. Wherever I have
seen them, they labor fewer hours in the day, they
are required to labor less actively during the time
they are engaged, and they are better paid than
persons in civil employment. I ask, even if the
complaints are well founded, if oppression does
exist, why should they continue in this employ-
ment when they can leave it whenever they think
proper, and can get employment under civil su-
pervision ? They are not enlisted soldiers; they
are soldiers and artisans who can be employed or
get clear of employment at their will at any time
when they think proper to leave it.
There is no reason why there should be op-
pression—why these men should be unjustly
treated. The military superintendents have no
inducement to be oppressive, or to require more
work than the individuals can perform. They
derive no individual profit from the operations of
the armories. They get their regular salaries,
and perform their regular duties, and whether the
employees work five or ten hours in the twenty-
four, whether they work hard or not, whether
they get well paid or not, the superintendent of
the armory derives no benefit. It is unnatural to
suppose, unless we presume a monster in the shape !
of a military officer, who superintends an armory,
i| that this oppression and tyranny, this exacting
: from workmen harder conditions than is proper
for the performance of the work, should exist. I
do not believe any such thing. I hope the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts
will not be adopted, but that we shall adopt the
proposed amendment of the Senator from Illinois,
and strike out the provision entirely.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I propose to
give my vote, notwithstanding what has been said,
in favor of the amendment submitted by the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis)
in the first place, and if that does not prevail, in
favor of the bill as it came from 'he committee
and from the House of Representatives. This
subject has come up suddenly and unexpectedly.
I shall not say anything with regard to the par-
ticular management in either of thearmories. My
1 vote will be controlled by two considerations. I
'shall vote for the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, on the ground that it leaves to the
appointing power the whole field from which to
select in making the appointment;and I am willing
to intrust to him the power which the Constitu-
tion has conferred upon him, of appointing—and
where it is necessary with the consent of this
body—public officers. I am not willing to restrict
him by law to the Army or the officers of the
Army, or to any corps in the Army, in appoint-
ing the superintendent of an armory. The busi-
ness to be superintended is strictly a mechanical
one. Your arms must be made by mechanics.
The officers in the Army and the soldiers in the
Army can use them when they are made, and they
can select the best arm after it has been made,
; upon trial. But they cannot manufacture an arm.
It is out of their province. On the contrary, the
arm is to be manufactured by the mechanics of
the country, wherever they perform their work.
Now, sir, I am not prepared to say here by my
vote that the mechanics of this country cannot
furnish the best superintendent of mechanical
business. I think it is a matter of public notoriety,
that the establishments which already exist for
the manufacture of fire-arms under private control,
are ahead of your armories. I think our public
establishments find it difficult to keep up with pri-
vate enterprise, with private skill—with the skill
of the mechanics of thecountry. I am, therefore,
entirely opposed—acting upon rny own judgment
—to the restriction of the appointing power to the
Army, and excluding practical mechanics from
the control of this mechanical business.
The considerations which I have suggested,
present, also, the other view of the question,
which I present in favor of the bill as it came from
the House of Representatives. I am not willing-
to require that the mechanics engaged in this busi-
ness, which is their own business, in which they
have peculiar skill, shall be put under any officer
of the Army, who may have no mechanical skill
whatever, and probably has none. I think, that
since they are engaged in what is properly mechan-
ical business, it is very proper that they should
not be put under the control of an officer of the
Army. I think that private enterprise will carry
the manufacture of fire-arms to a greater degree of
perfection, and will supply the Government even
better than the Government can supply itself.
But if it is thought expedient to continue the ar-
mories for the manufacture of the arms instead of
obtaining them as we do obtain many now, by
private contract, I would place them upon the
footing of mechanical establishments where pri-
vate citizens are engaged in their own private busi-
ness, their professional business, the business of
their trade, and that they may be under the control
of suitable superintendents, selected by the Presi-
dent with reference to their qualifications as su-
perintendents. I would not confine the President
to the mere fact that a person is an officer in the
Army in making Ins selection of a superintendent.
; I shall, therefore, in the first place, vote for the
amendment offered by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, with which 1 am content, and if that
does not prevail, I shall vote for the provision as
it passed the House and came from the commit-
tee.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts to so modify
his amendment as to leave it to the War Depart-
ment to investigate this matter, and to give to
Congress the benefit of its investigation. If there
< is anything wrong, let us understand it properly
