1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
and officially, and not get our information from
agents who mav be prejudiced or interested. I
am perfectly willing that the honorable Senator
should introduce such a provision as I have sug-
gested. Let the War Department or the President
make a thorough investigation of the matter, and
if there is anything wrong, let us understand it; j
but to jump at conclusions in this way, it seems
to me, is wrong. The honorable Senator from
Connecticut is quite mistaken in one thing. These
gentlemen who superintend the armories are edu-
cated for the very business which they are called
upon to oversee. He misunderstands the whole
thing. True, mechanics, good mechanics, are
necessary, but it requires a higher degree of scien-
tific attainment than most mechanics possess, a
higher department of skill than mere mechanism.
The manufacture of shells, of cannon, and the
science of projectiles, all have to be understood by
the head of an institution like that. All this the
superintendent of an armory ought to understand.
More than that; in an army of twenty thousand
men there cannot perhaps be found ten men ca-
pable of conducting thatbranch of business, which
requires such an amount of skill. It is/nore dif-
ficult than to lead an army. Why, we have
propositions every day for the adoption of some
change in the muskets used. These projects may
appear to some persons who are good mechanics
as useful improvements, but bring them to the ex-
amination of experienced officers, and they will
tell you that they will not operate well. Why?
You must make them uniform, and must have the
same kind of ammunition.
I repeat, that we have the best and simplest and
most manageable arms in the world undef our
present system. And we have the very best am-
munition in the world. All this is acknowledged,
for it has been tested. If this system be abolished,
the whole thing becomes a nuisance, and in two
years the gentleman will find it such a nuisance
that he will vote for abolishing the whole. I am
for abolishing it the moment this is stricken out.
I will state further, that I would prefer leaving the
matter with civilians at once rather than adopt the
proposition of the Senator from Massachusetts,
which would throw upon the President the neces-
sity of meeting the struggle between the officers of
the Army and civilians. Does the Senator want
that struggle thrown upon the President—one
party striving to retain the position and the other
trying to get in? Is that the scramble that ought
to be thrown upon the President ? Sir, the sys-
tem is either right or wrong. If it is right, re-
tain it as it is; at all events, continue it as it is
until the men who are coming into power investi-
gate the matter thoroughly and give us informa-
tion on the subject. If it is wrong, abolish it at
once. But let us not shift and shuffle off the re-
sponsibility of deciding this question upon the
President for the purpose of getting clear of the
difficulty. Will you say to the President, " Here,
now, you settle the question between the Army
and the civilians ?" I do not believe there can be
found a man who will go into that office, Whig or
Democrat, if he investigates this subject, who
will not say, that if the arms are to be manufac-
tured at all, and you are to keep up your Army,
the knowledge and science and skill of the officers
of that. Army ought to be brought to bear upon
the manufacture of the arms which they are to
use, and not leave it to Tom, Dick,and Harry, or
anybody who may come here trying to get their
inventions patronized by the Government when
there is not a man who nas had any experience
in the Army who would risk an army with them
in the field. The men who are now at the head
of the armories have tested many so-called inven-
tions, and saved the Arnky from having to use
what would not have been efficient. A thousand
projects have been proposed, not to make the
Army more efficient, but to get money out of the
Treasury of the United States. They cannot get
them in deep enough now; the men at the head of
these armories will not let them. But when thev
get more wilting instruments appointed, yoa will
see how it will be. I would rather abolish the
armories altogether than to destroy the present
system.
Mr. BUTLER. I understand that the proposi-
tion before the Senate is to strike out the clause in
the bill which relates to the superintendeney of the
armories.
Mr. SHIELDS.
I will state to the Senator that
a motion was made by me to strike out the clause
proposing to change the superintendeney of the
armories from a military to a civil. The Senator
from Massachusetts has moved to amend that, by
leaving it to the President to select the superin-
tendents from civilians or military men.
Mr. BUTLER. I am satisfied of one thing,
and that is, that I concur fully with the Senator
from Illinois in saying that the superintendeney
of the armories should not be taken away from
military men. How far I might consent to allow
the military establishments to continue with addi-
tional ones under the control of civilians, I am not
prepared to say; but to alter a system which has
operated so admirably since it has been instituted,
would be unjust, impolitic, and in my opinion,
pandering to this mania for getting money out of
the publicTreasury.to which the Senators of the
United States should not yield. Why, sir, does
not the universal opinion, not only of our officers,
but as I understand European judgment and criti-
cism, authorize me to say that for excellency there
are no arms in the world compared to those man-
ufactured in America, and by these armories un-
i er the superintendeney of military men ? Who
are interested in having the arms made well ?
Those who have to use them. But it may be said
that the arms made under the direction of civilians
will be subject to inspection. Do we not all know
that no one can inspect the arms and detect their
defects so well as those who are engaged in the
manufacture of them ? It is useless to tell me that
he who is engaged in observing every day the pro-
cess by which the arms are made, would not be the
best judge of that arm, cannon, or musket, and
that his examination would not be better than if it
was subjected to any other examination or criti-
cism whatever.
I am told that under the old system, when the
armories were under the superintendeney of civil-
ians, frauds and abuses and evasions, and a state
of things existed which rendered it almost unsafe
to trust troops with the arms made. How has it
been since, under the superintendeney of military
meh? Sir, my friend and constituent. Colonel
Huger, is a guarantee. He has made his cannon
speak a voice, not in an obscure corner of the
United States, but a voice which has given him a
title to know something about the making of arms.
And so of Colonel Ripley; and yet you are to
throw such men aside—men who have won lau-
rels in the field, and given a reputation to our mili-
tary—and put the business into the hands of con-
tractors; and upon what ground? Sir, it is for
the benefit of the men who have their agents round
the Capitol importuning as they are for money,
for jobs. I do think it will be impolitic, as I have
said, and certainly unjust to do it. I will agree
tp retain, two of the armories under the superin-
tendence of military men as guides and standards,
leaving the armories in other parts of the United
States to be given out. to Contract. *f hat might be
done.
Mr. CASS. We have but two.
Mr. BUTLER. We might have others if we
choose. Sir, I know it is very difficult to resist
these committees, who in the name of Democ-
racy—or party, perhaps the Whig—press forward
their candidates. It seems to me to be the opinion
of some that just indorse a man as a Whig or
Democrat, and it gives him science enough to su-
persede all the military men in the world. The
advantage is in the name; the indorsement is better
than the principle itself. I have been told by a
Whig, when 1 asked him if such a man was fit
for a certain position, " Why, sir, he is a Whig!
—the term implies that he has intelligence enough
for anything." [Laughter.] And about the same
thing, with a change of the name, was said by a
Democrat, " What does a Democrat want with
science; the progressive tendency of the age is
enough to sustain him." [Renewed laughter.]
Science, military science, is to give way to all
these temptations for office. I cannot vote for it.
I think it unjust. I speak with a little more feel-
ing on this, because of my friend and constituent,
Colonel Huger, who is now in the superintendence
of the armory at Harper's Ferry. He takes no
special interest in the question; he wishes to give
up his present position, and be transferred to an-
other; and so does Colonel Ripley. So far as re-
gards them, they do not wish the position.^ But
in relation to their conduct, if any censure is im-
plied in tW  proposed change, 1 rise to vindicate
them against any imputation, either of using ar-
bitrary favor, or deficiency in the performance of
their duties.
Mr. BELL. I have listened to the representa-
tions of intelligent gentlemen out of the Senate,
on both sides of the question—gentlemen who ap-
pear to be fair-minded—and although I concur
with the sentiments of the Senator from Illinois—
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs—and those delivered by the Senators from
Maryland, South Carolina, and Arkansas, as to
the efficiency of the superintendence by officers
of the Ordnance Corps over the armories, and that
it has been more efficient than was the civil super-
intendence, yet complaints have been made long
ago, and have been repeated so often, and inter-
ested men have taken such pains to propagate
their views of the character of this superintend-
! | ence, particularly in reference to the unpopular
11 and odious feature of what is called military rule,
that a decided impression has been made upon the
country, not only upon the immediate vicinity of
the establishments, but more extensively; and I
would suggest, as a means of giving the satisfac-
.; tion which the country may want, and require,
and to put an end to these complaints, and to pre-
1 vent their becoming so extensive, and.having so
great a control over the general sentiment as to
force an abandonment of the superintendence of
the armories by the ordnance officers altogether, it
would be better to take a middle course. Let the
superintendence stand as it is at present, by law
and the regulation of the Department, and pro-
vide, not that the President of the United States
shall, at his election, say what shall be the char-
acter of the superintendence, but that he shall be
required or authorized to appoint a joint com-
mission of civilians and ordnance officers to ex-
amine into the grounds of the complaints against
the superintendence of the military officers, and the
character of the military rule which is complained
< of; Bee what are the defects of it, if any there be,
; and whether there has been any improvement on
the old system of management under civil super-
] intendence, and then let Congress at the next
session decide the question.
The proposition, at present, is, by way of an
! amendment to an appropriation bill—a very unu-
sual course, and one which the Senate has repeat-
edly said they would not abide by—to make a
material alteration in the legal regulation by which
, the armories are conducted. I have some knowl-
edge of the history of the change in the superin-
! tendence of the national armories. It is not alto-
i gether a party matter now. This application is
not pressed upon Congress so much by partisans
of one party or the other, as it is by an aggrega-
tion of the malcontents of both parties. Sir, in
1841, when the change was made, 1 remember very
well that there were loud and earnest complaints
from the armories, not only from the workmen
and employees incidentally employed about the
establishments, but from the whole population
around them—Whigs and Democrats. It was not
confined to one party; although the Democrats in
1841, when the change had taken place, were in
power, and expected to go out of the superintend-
eney with all the civil dependencies attached to the
establishments, they were almost as loud as the
Whigs themselves bringing their complaints to the
Executive of the United States against the pro-
priety and wisdom of making that change. As
for the Whigs, I very well remember it was the
opinion of many leading Whigs in the neighbor-
hood of one of the establishments, which was de-
cidedly a Whig district, that the prospects of the
Whig party would be destroyed there if any such
change should take place. A delegation of Whigs
from a large meeting was sent to the Executive
Government of the United States to remonstrate
against the change, on the ground that the civil
superintendeney was doing very well;there was no
complaint against it; neither Whigs nor Democrats
had anything against it, and that if it was made it
would operate to the detriment of the Whig party,
withput bringing any adequate advantage to the
country or to the public service. Then again in
1842, I believe, the remonstrance was repeated
against the change. In 1845 similar remonstrances
were made; and it is repeated again at tbecora-
mencement of a new Administration. When a
: Democratic Administration came in in 1845, the
Democratic party perhaps took the lead in the
I movement; but I understand that the Secretary of
