792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
War at that time (Governor Marcy) was so much i
interested by the complaints which were made on ''
one side against, and the high praises which he
heard reiterated on the other in favor of the mili-
tary management, that he paid a visit to the Spring-
field armory, so that he might judge from personal
inspection.
Mr. HALE. He went there more than once.
Mr. BELL. He visited the armory more than
once, the Senator from New Hampshire says, and
his judgment confirmed the wisdom of the change
which had taken place. I remember, also, the
nature of many of the abuses which were said to
have existed under the civil superintendence. I
will not repeat them here. I am perfectly satisfied ;
that the present arrangement is the proper one, I
and that it would not do so well to have the super- !
intendent selected, as suggested by the Senator i
from Connecticut, from the corps of mechanics, ^
manufacturers of arms themselves, because there
is a very great difference between selecting a me- ,
chanic to superintend a public institution of this
kind and a mechanic who superintends his own
establishment; for, in the latter case, his own in-
terest will be a sufficient guarantee that he will
attend to the proper construction of the arms, and
insure their passing the proper inspection. But,
notwithstanding all this, I think it would be more
satisfactory, and more apt to maintain the present
practice of placing ordnance officers at the head
of these institutions, if we would, in place of the
provision put in the bill by the House, authorize
a joint commission of civilians and ordnance offi-
cers to make a thorough examination into the
complaints; and I believe I may say, that I have
the authority of the officers of that corps for say-
ing that such an arrangement would be satisfac-
tory to them, and they desire it. They desire that
their superintendence of these establishments shall
be brought to the test, not of military officers be- !
longing to their corps, or the Corps of Engineers, i
or of any other corps, but a commission of intel-
ligent civilians, united with a sufficient number of
ordnance officers, who would be able perhaps to (
add to the value of any investigation and report 1
which might be made. For that reason, I wish
the honorable Senitor from Massachusetts would
change his amendment, so as to authorize the
President or Secretary of War to appoint such a
commission, and that that should be adopted in ,
lieu of the provision of the House. I think that :
would be more satisfactory to the country. j
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have a vote
on the amendment. I believe it has been suffi- i
ciently discussed; and I am very anxious to con- I
elude this appropriation bill to-day.
Mr. MASON. One of these armories is estab-
lished in the State of Virginia, not far from my
residence, and it has happened that in having
some intercourse with that portion of the State, I
have been made personally acquainted with the
fact that there is existing at Harper's Ferry, where
the armory is established, a great deal of disaffec-
tion, amounting almost to an odious feeling on the
part of the citizens, as well as the mechanics em-
ployed there under the military rule, as it is called
in the act of 1841. I agree with the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, that there is a great
deal of difficulty in this subject. I am perfectly
willing to admit, so far as my own judgment is
concerned,'that where the action of any Depart-
ment of Government is odious to a portion of the
community, that action should be changed, or so <
modified as to avoid that feeling, if it can be done
consistently with the public interest. I see no rea-
son why any part of our Governmental establish-
ment should be retained in such a form as to be
odious to any portion of the citizens of the country.
It is very natural, and I know the fact to be, that
the particular department of thearmy, theOrdnance
Corps, which has charge of these establishments,
feel a sort of esprit de corps in believing that they
can have arms better manufactured under their
superintendence than under a civil superintend-
ence, and that they retain it. I have great respect
for that corps, and great confidence in those who
are now at the head of it; but, nevertheless, I know
this fact—and it does not belong to that corps
only—but it belongs to human nature: As long
as these works, and works of a similar char-
acter, are carried on by governmental routine, I
where those who are engaged as mechanics are1
mere operatives, made to do a certain class of
work and a certain quantity of work in a certain
manner, it dampens the inventive faculty and dis-
courages everything like enterprise. I apprehend
the fact is known among the officers of the Army,
that they discountenance and discourage every-
thing like improvements, or as they call them, in-
novations, on the established order of things. I
remember very well that some four or five years
ago, a party of emigrants from the State of Vir-
ginia, who were going overland to California,
came here, and at their instance, there was passed
on my motion, a joint resolution authorizing the
Secretary of War, at his discretion, to arm them
with Colt's pistols, provided it could be done
without injury to the public service, they repaying ,
to the Government what had been paid for them. ;
I went to the War Department and talked with
the Secretary. He sent for the gentleman who
was then at the head of the Ordnance Corps, who
said at once, " by all manner of means let them
'have them; I should be very glad to get rid of
' them; the men will shoot themselves with them;
' they cannot shoot an enemy; they are constantly
' getting out of order; and they are the greatest
'humbug of the age;" and he earnestly advised
the Secretary to let the emigrants have them. 1
knew nothing about the arm then; but I do
know this: that the Government never bought one
until Congress ordered it to be done, by a joint
resolution, and I know that they are obtaining
such a reputation in Europe that they are arming
themselves with them there. I instance this only
to show that it is a part of the practice of that
corps to run down and discourage all improve-
ments of that kind which do not come from them-
selves.
As to the gentlemen who have charge of the arm-
ories, I know personally the one to whom the hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina has alluded, i
A more gallant officer does not exist, and 1 appre-
hend that this particular duty which he is called
to discharge is one which is not perfectly agree-
able to him, and that he would rather prefer some
other duty. I am satisfied there is no personal
imputation intended in this proposition. But this
is a case in which we are to look first with an
eye to the interest of the Government, and then
to that of the citizens. My own mind is not yet
satisfied with regard to the wisdom of making any
change, though I believe it would be better to
make it than to keep up the present feeling which ,
exists, unless it can be shown that it will result 1
injuriously to the country. If it shall be found
after the change is made, if we should adopt the
provision which came from the House, that the
I interests of the Government are prejudiced, it will
be in the power of the Secretary to inform Con-
gress and give the reasons. Then I apprehend i
one of two things would result. If it be found to
be a fact that there is such an incompatibility be-
tween the civil pursuits of life and'military rule ,
that they cannot be blended, the Government must !
be separated from it, the armories discontinued,
, and the manufacture of the arms put out to private
| contract. It may come to that. I am not pre-
| pared to say. I know that one branch of arms—
i cannon—from the foundation of the Government 1
| to this day have been made altogether by private
contract. How far it may be wise to put small
arms in the same condition, I do not know. But
as the question now stands, I shall vote for the
provision as it came from the House.
Mr. BORLAND. I rise to correct a misappre-
hension I was under when I addressed the Senate
i before, with regard to the act of 1842. In ma-
king an objection to the amendment proposed by
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, I said
, that to accomplish the purpose which he sought,
there was no necessity for the amendment, because
i the act already gave the power asked for. I find
( by a reference to the act itself, that the choice of
the President is limited to the Ordnance Corps.
My impression was that he had authority to select
from any quarter. His amendment, therefore, to
[ accomplish the object he seeks, is necessary; but
j there are other reasons, and very good ones, sug-
| gested by Senators, why we should not make the
| change asked for. It would throw upon the Presi-
dent a duty which would lead to a great deal of
| the most unpleasant of all embarrassments which
any public officer could be exposed to, and subject
him to the necessity of encountering all the out-
side pressure which results from persons coming
here and besieging every department of the Gov-
ernment, legislative ana executive, for jobs. I >
would not subject him to it. I would not change
the law as it now stands, when its effect would be
to subject him to that inconvenience. Let it stand
as it is.
Mr. President, I will make only one remark
more. It has been said, as I remarked before,
that the basis of the proposed change is the mis-
conduct of the officers superintending these arm-
ories. Well, sir, I learn, and I suppose there can
be no doubt of the fact, that these complaints were
made long ago against the superintendent of the
armory at Springfield. So far from the Department
here, or the President, seeking to shield the officer
charged with improper conduct from punishment
or censure, a court was ordered, and he was tried
and honorably acquitted, after the whole matter
had been fully and fairly investigated; and he was
found to have discharged his d uties in all respects—
not only generally, but in the very items of econo-
my, and in the improvement of the quality of the
arms. He was sustained. The fact was shown
that the arms which were made under his superin-
tendence were not only better, but that they had
been made at a less cost to the Government. So
much for the complaints made then. Theevidence
now satisfies me that he has gone on from that
time, and made the arms still better than before,
and has made a great reduction in the cost.
Mr. PHELPS. I am not disposed to detain
the Senate with a speech on this subject. I recol-
lect very well the time when the superintendency
was changed from civil to military rule, and I be-
lieve it was done at that time upon the recom-
mendation or the concurrence of the Secretary of
War. From that time, 1842, to the present time,
these establishments have continued under the
military superintendence. I now desire to ask
whether we have before us any intimation from
the War Department, or any other Department
of this Government, that evils have grown out of
this system which require our interference? If
this system has met the approbation of the De-
partment, and no evils are suggested, why con-
sider the subject? But I may go further, and ask
what intimation we have from any source which
calls for our interference? It is said there is dis-
satisfaction. Suppose there be; shall we act upon
that suggestion without first ascertaining whether
that dissatisfaction is well founded? Shall we be
led into any change of policy in this respect,
simply upon surmises which are floating about
this Capitol ? Or is it our duty, before we enter
upon this important change, to make an investi-
gation of the sources of these surmises, and ascer-
tain the facts ? When we have ascertained those
facts, we can act intelligently. If anything is done
officially on this subject, I am altogether in favor
of the suggestion of the Senator from Tennessee.
The very first, and the only proper step, in my
judgment, is, if these rumors deserve our consid-
eration, to institute an inquiry to ascertain the
facts, which, as 1 have said, will enable us to act
: intelligently. But it seems tome we are proceed-
I ing rashly, if we attempt to bring about this im-
1 portant change, and act upon no better data than
mere surmises. Suppose the change is now made,
on the ground that there is disaffection in the
country, and the President appoints a civil super-
intendent, will there be less? In my judgment, if
the change is made with no better grounds for it
than those we have now, we shall have a per-
petual fermentation, and a constant demand for
changes. I repeat, if anything is done, let the
suggestion ^of the^Renator^ from; Tennessee be
adopted, and let a proper inquiry be instituted, so
that we may have the facts; then we shall be
enabled to act.
Mr. HUNTER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs has informed me that
l he has a great many amendments to offer. I hope
we may now have a vote on the question before
us.
Mr. DAVIS. I presented yesterday a petition
on this subject, which was represented to be signed
by five hundred legal voters of the town of Spring-
field. That petition is 60uched in few words, but
they represent as a fact that the persons in the
armory are, in their judgment, oppressed by the
military power—by tne government over them. I
do not pretend to vouch for the truth of the state-
; ments made in the petition; but it is signed by large
numbers of the people living there, who daily wit-
ness what occurs. This is not the only testimony
1 before Congress. I am not about to go i to this
