1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
703
testimony at *11, nor cumin* into it* character or
itsobject,if true. Several gentlemen, in the course
of the remark* which they hare made, hare Mated
what ia true, that from the time thi* change was
made down to this day, there has been a dissatis-
faction. All I desire is, not to undertake to settle
thi* question upon the facts which exist before us,
bat that there ahall be some competent commission
of some sort or other to go there, and upon the spot
examine and determine whether the evila exist or
not. My honorable friend from Vermont [Mr.
PmU!] says there has been no complaint from
the Department. Why should there be? The
Department administer* thi* business. It ia th*
Department that places or continues the officer
there who has the administration at the armory,
and if the Department complains, it complains of
its own administration, which is a very improb-
able thing. It is therefore very easy to under-
stand why there has been no complaint from the
Department.
The proposition which I hare submitted, I
thought opened the whole subject; that it ptaced
the whole power in the hand* of the President,
where tt ought to be, for such an investigation as
he *ee* fit to make. When he has made that in-
vestigation, he can settle the question wisely, and
keep the present superintendent, or go back to the
old policy of having a civil superintendent. It
seems to some that nothing is so proper as to
have the administration of this business earned on
by an oflker of the Army. For fifty years, or
nearly that period, the business was under a civil
administration. For a portion of the time there
had been some complaints, I believe, but for -the
aost -part the business had been well adminis-
tered, and the anna well made. The arms made
dannr that time were those which the gentleman
from Sooth Carolina has represented as being an
honor to the country. They were arms with the
use of which we went on so satisfactorily under
that administration. 1 am not about to say that
a military administration may not be better; but
what I do say is, that dissatisfaction exists, and I
wish to meet that in the spirit of fairness; and for
that n—on I wish the amendment I have proposed
should be adopted. I do not wish to detain the
Senate from a decision of this question; but I
wish to have it fairly presented, so that these citi-
zen* shall be fairly dealt with; for I do not be-
lieve there would be such constant and continued
complaints, as leas something exists which de-
serve* consideration. What it is I do not pretend
ta My.
Mr. BUTLER- I will make bat one remark.
The complaints are entirely local; bat take any
other part of the United States, and take any
other men who will look at this subject fairly, and
will not be influenced by the verdict of the vicin-
age, where th* people of coarse want these con-
tracts, and it will be a fair tribunal. Let public
opinion in every other port of the United States
pronounce it* verdict, and it would be that this
system of having the armories under military
—perintendency is the best; and we to some ex-
tant most be the organ of that public opinion.
The Senate and House of Itepnsentatives ought
to announce in favor of the intrinsic merits of the
system, and not be governed by any local pre-
jaiica* which may axkt.
lit. CASS. I .hall vote for the amendment of
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, and 1
do it under the belief that it will be proper to vest
the power which it proposes to vest in the Execu-
tive. 1 believe it is proper; and as the honorable
Senator ha* well said, for many years these diffi-
culties have existed. 1 am willing, therefore, to
attempt to apply a remedy. I will say to the
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Bdtlm] that
he   under a misapprehension in one respect.
The quality of the muskets does not depend en-
tirely upon the superintendent. They are in-
spected by officers appointed for the purpose, and
whether they be made by private contract, or in
a public establishment—whether nnder a military
superintendent or a civil agent—the inspection
will be tost as rigid, and the arm* probably as
food. I therefore repeat, I *11*11 vote for the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Bat I rose principally for another purpose, and I
my as well *ay at this moment what 1 have to
say, though it may not be strictly appropriate to
 K«. port of the bill before the Senate.
There is a predisposition in all Governments to
run into magnificent and expensive establishments,
and in nothing is that more evident than in the
system of our armories. I called for a report from
the Ordnance Bureau two year* since. It was at
the close of the session, and it did not come in
time to be acted upon then. I have it now before
me, and have ascertained some fact* from it. In
January, 1851, the amount of arms on hand pos-
sessed oy this Government not including those
in the hands of soldiers, and including the materials
then on hand, being to the amount of thirty thou-
sand, was six hundred and three thousand mus-
kets and rifles. Since then, you have made an ap-
propriation of $360,000 in 1851, and $950,000 in
1*5:3, making altogether upwards of ffi00,000. At
ten dollars apiece that product would give you
sixty thousand muskets more, increasing your
amount to something like six hundred and sixty
thousand musket* on hand;and the pending appro-
priation asked for, $250,000, will make twenty-
five thousand more, carrying your muskets up to
near seven hundred thousand. Besides that, since
1008, we have had an annual standing appropria-
tion of P00,000 for the construction of musket*
to be distributed to the militia of the States. The
number now remaining with the several States, I
do not undertake to determine. It must, however,
within every reasonable view of the subject, be
more than two hundred thousand.
Then this Government with the State govern-
ments possess an amount at this time of probably
more than nine hundred thousand muskets. I
have before me a report made by the War De-
partment in 1836, in which it is shown that the
number owned by Great Britain in 1317 was about
one million; and by France in 1311, in the midst
of the convulsion of Europe, there were but six
hundred thousand, excluding, however, theamount
in use. It seems to me very improbable that this
country can want a greater stock of arms on hand
than is now in the public possession.
I shall not move to reduce or to strike out the
appropriation, though I am willing to enter into
that proposition; but my principal object is to draw
the attention of the Senate ana of the proper De-
partment, to thi* subject, in order that, at tne next
session, this matter may be presented to us with
a full view of all the facta necessary to a decision.
The evil of the thing is this: You go on and
accumulate an immense amount of small-arms in
store; improvements are made from time to time
in the barrel, in the breech, in the lock, in every
part of the musket; and then you either adapt the
new improvement to the old musket—and that you
cannot always do—or you sell off the stock on
hand at an immense sacrifice, selling for a half
dollar what cost you ten dollars. I should actu-
ally like to know, as a curiosity, the real number
of muakets that have been sold by this Govern-
ment in the last few years, and the loss the sales
have entailed. I apeak of no Administration, and
Senator* will so understand me. 1 allude to none
in particular. I allude to the operation of the ex-
isting system, and I should like to know Ihe num-
ber of muskets that have been actually sold off,
in consequence of the changes which are continu-
ally taking place in the construction of arms. In
a report from the War Department, in 1836, this
branch of the subject is thus alluded to:
" Although the component materials of these anna are
almw! imperishable, still it is not expedient to keep a stock
DDBecesMiiIy large on hand; because there is not only some
risk and expense in their preservation, but because, like
every other article manufactured by man, they are no doubt
•useeptiMe of great improvement. And it may be, that those
now made may be superseded by an improved model, which,
once introduced, must be adopted, at whatever expense or
inconvenience, by all nations. And the ingenious inven-
tion lately exhibited in this city, by which a series of balls,
ia separate charges, are brought, by a rotatory motion, to a
common place of discharge, suggests the possibility of a
revolution in the form of onr fire-arms."
Since then the peat change of the percussion
lock has been added to many of our muskets.
There is, therefore, no necessity, no propriety, no
economy in accumulating an immense quantity of
muskets not required by the condition, present or
probable, of the country, and liable to be perfectly
useless to-morrow, and sold, as we are selling
them almoat every day, at half a dollar or some
such price apiece. 1 have no objection to the ac-
cumulation of any quantity of material. That is
another thing. It is imperishable. Let it go to
the establishments and remain there; but let us
check the system which is leading to such an un-
necessary expense.
In anything which I have said 1 do not intend to
cast the slightest reproach upon the superintend-
ents of the armories. I hold them in high respect
as able and faithful officers, and I agree fully with
the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] in
, the testimonial he has borne to one of them, Col-
onel Huger, whom I know personally and esteem
highly. But I am speaking of the operation of a
system and not to the merits or demerits of per-
sons. No doubt the superintendents have pur-
sued the course which they judged best for the
public interest; but we cannot shut our eyes to the
difficulties that have arisen and are still going on,
and I am willing to vest in the Executive the dis-
cretionary power to change the system if it should
be judged best. As to the Ordnance Department,
I am satisfied it is well administered, and that great
improvements have been made in the manufacture
of the public arms. Why, sir, one fact will show
the looseness that formerly prevailed. During the
war of 1812 muskets were distributed to the troops
which had no touchholes, and this defect was not
discovered until they had got into the hands of the
soldiers. Such a thing could not happen now in
the improved condition of the public service.
Air. HUNTER. I have only a word or two
to say in relation to this matter* of the manufac-
ture of arms. I think it probable there may have
been some—I will not say abuses—but mistakes,
and it would be very difficult to execute this branch
of the public duties as to the furnishing of arms
without being liable to abuses. It seems to me,
however, that it would be wrong to agree to the
suggestion of the Senator from Michigan, to strike
out the appropriation for the manufacture of arms
in the public armories, because the Government
has a great amount invested in machinery there.
It will be observed that the supply of arms comes
from two sources; one is from tne appropriation
for the manufacture of arms in the public armories;
the other is from an appropruuion of $200,000 per
annum for arming the militia. These $200,000
are expended, I believe,for the most part for arms
made by private individuals, by contract. I find
in the receipts and expenditures of 1851 an ex-
penditure of $206,000 under that head, most of it
to private manufacturers of arms. If we are to
strike out anything in relation to this matter, it
seems to me it would be better to diminish pnder
that head, so long as we have these public ami-
ones in which the Government funds are invested.
I will only suggest one other consideration, and
that is, that we cannot compare the wants of this*
country in respect to the arms required with the
wants of European countries. There the peace
is preserved ana the country protected by stand-
ing armies. The citizens at large do not need arms
and do not know how to use them. We proceed
on a different system. We depend on the militia
and on volunteers. Every man knows how to
use a gun, and although these arms have been dis-
tributed widely, they are not useless. Every man
is in the possession of some sort of a gun, gener-
ally a public gun, and in that way he nas the ele-
mentary instruction in the art of arms, and that is
' the use of the gun itself. So that perhaps we
have not lost quite so mush as the Senator from
Michigan would seem to suppose in this regard.
' But I feel the force of much that he has said of
the accumulation of arms, made before the im-
provement of the arts in this regard; and I sup-
pose that if the subject was taken up in the proper
I time something useful might be done in that way;
j but I would be reluctant to do anything on this
bill to change our policy with regard to the public
I armories.
Mr. CASS. The Senator from Virginia mis-
understood me. I did not mean to say that these
arms were thrown away, or that the expenditure
was useless, or to draw any distinction between
the public arms made by Government and those
made by private contract. I merely went to the
expediency of adding such an immense stock an-
nually to our present stock. That is all. I would
not touch the $200,000 now appropriated for arm-
ing the militia. That is sanctioned by the expe-
rience of almost fifty years, and 1 would continue
it. There are twenty thousand muskets added
every year. But now, while the subject is up, I
will state that this subject does require examina-
tion. I rather intendedr by what I said, to give
a warning~-as far as my feeble voice could do it—
to those officers aa to the necessity of looking more
carefully to the expenditures. 1 see in the repairs
