794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 23,
at Sprinefield, in 1852, §47,000 were spent; in
1S53, $47,000—there is near $100,000 upon re-
pairs in two years. The fact is, the subject should
be examined.
Mr. SI 11 F.LDS. I desire to state to my hon-
orable friend, that if such abuses exist, they ought
to be coriected through the appropriation, but
that does not atFect the question before the Senate,
so far as the superinten jency is concerned. The
question now is not as to the appropriation.
Mr. CASS. 1 stated in the beginning, that al-
though it did not strictly bear upon the point, I
did not want to trouble the Senate again, and
would say all I had to say on the subject.
Mr. SCMXER. Mr. President, 1 do not de-
sire to speak upon the general subject of the man-
ufacture of arms under the authority of the United
States, which has been opened in debate by hon-
orable Senators. What 1 have to say will be on
the precise question before the Senate, and noth-
ing else. That question, as I understand it, is on
the amendment proposed by my colleague, [Mr.
Davis,] according to which the act ot 1842 is to
be so far modified that the President, ill his dis-
cretion, may place over the armories persons notof
the Army—leaving it therefore to his judgment to
determine whether the Superintendent shall be a
military man or a civilian. This is all.
The Senate has been exhorted not to act pre-
cipitately, but the character of this proposition ex-
cludes all idea of precipitation. We do not determ-
ine absolutely that the system shall be changed,
but simply that it may bechanged in the discretion
of the President. This discretion, which natural-
ly will be exercised only after ample inquiry, stands
in the way of all precipitation; and tins is my an-
swer to the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields.]
Again: It is urged that under a military head,
the armories are better administered than they
■would be under a civil head, and that the arms
are better and cheaper made; and here my friend
from South Carolina, who sits before me, [Mr.
Bl'tler,] dwelt with his accustomed glow upon
the success with which this manufacture has been
conducted at the national armories, and the extent
to which it has been recognized in Europe. But,
sir, on the precise proposition now before you,
the merits of the armories are not involved. We
do not undertake to judge the military superin-
tendents or their works. The determination of
this question is referred to the President; and this
is my answer to the Senator from South Caro-
lina.
The objections to the amendment of my col-
league, then, seem to disappear. But there are
two distinct arguments in its favor, which, at the
present moment, do not seem to me susceptible of
anv answer.
fn the first place, there are complaints against
the existing system which ought to be heard. A
memorial from five hundred legal voters of Spring-
field, now on your table, bears testimony to them.
Letters addressed to myself and others, from per-
sons whose opinions I am bound to regard, set
them forth sometimes in very strong language.
The administration of the arsenal at Springfield is
commended by many, but there are others who
judge it differently. As now conducted, it is rep-
resented by some to be the seat of oppressive
conduct, and the occasion of heart-burnings and
strife, often running into the local politics. In
the eyes of some, this arsenal is now little better
than a sire on the beautiful town in which it is
placed. Now, on these complaints and allegations
1 express no opinion. I do not affirm their truth
or their untruth. What I know of the Superin-
tendent makes it difficult for me to believe that
anything unjust, oppressive, or hard, could pro-
ceed from him. But the whole case justifies in-
quiry at least, and such will be secured by the
proposition now before the Senate. This is the
smallest thing we can do.
But this proposition is enforced by another con-
sideration which seems to me entitled to peculiar
weight. I have nothing to say now on the gen-
eral question of reducing the Army or modifying
the existing military system. But I do submit
confidently that the genius of our institutions
favors civil life rather than military life, and that,
in harmony with this, it is our duty, whenever
the public interests will permit, to limit and re-
strain the sphere of military influences. This is
not a military monarchy, where the soldier is su-
preme, but a Republic, where the soldier yields to
the civilian. But the law, as it now stands, gives
to the soldier an absolute preference in a service
which is not military, and which, from its nature,
seems to belong to civil life. Now, the manufac-
ture of arms is a mechanical pursuit, and, for my-
self, 1 can see no reason why it should not be
placed in charge of one bred to the business.
Among the intelligent mechanics of Massachu-
setts there are many amply fit to be at the head of
the arsenal at Springfield; but all these are aus-
terely excluded by the existing law from any such
trust. The idea which has fallen from so many
Senators, that the superintendent of an armory
ought to be a military man, that a military man
only is competent, or even that he is more com-
petent than a civilian, seems to me as fallacious
and illogical as the old saying that " he who drives
fat oxen must himself be fat."
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts, by striking
out " President" and inserting " Secretary ot
War."
Several Senators. That is not in order.
Mr. HALE. The amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, is not an amendment to an
amendment, if I may be allowed to answer the
assertion of gentlemen all around me. The hon-
orable Senator from Illinois moves to amend by
striking out a clause of the bill. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves to amend that clause,
before the motion to strike it out is put. There-
fore it is not an amendment to an amendment. It
is an amendment to the original bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. If that is in order and it
meets the views of a majority of the Senate to
make the change suggested by the Senator, I would
suggest to him to modify his amendment to the
amendment, so as to provide for the appointment
of a commission composed of civilians and mili-
tary men—taking the idea of the Senator from
Tennessee—with a view to ascertain which of the
two systems is the more economical, efficient, and
safe for the management of the public service, to
report to the next Congress. I think any rea-
sonable man ought to be satisfied with that; and
then we will have the information that may be
necessary for our action. I suggest, therefore, to
the Senator to modify his amendment to the
amendment, by striking out the proviso, and in-
serting:
That the Secretary of War be directed to cause the neces-
sary and proper inquiries to be instituted, through the me-
dium of a commission of civilian-* and military men, with
a view of ascertaining which of the two syatenis is the more
economical, efficient, and safe, for the management of the
public armories, that formerly existed under the superin-
tendence of civil officers, or that now exi<-t under the snper-
intendence of officers of the Ordnance Department, and to
make a report thereof to Congress at their next session.
Mr. HALE. For the purpose of allowing the
Senator to offer that I will accept it as a modifica-
tion of my amendment.
Mr. BORLAND. I shall vote against that, and
against all propositions to change the present sys-
tem, looking upon it as a matter of administra-
tion, not of legislation. A general law requiring
that arms should be made, authorizing their fabri-
cation, I think is all that Congress ought to do.
As to the manner in which it should be done, or the
agency selected to do it, I regard altogether as a
matter of administration for the Executive.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) The Senator from Illinois moves
to strike out the proviso in a clause of the bill.
Pending that motion the Senator from Massachu-
setts moves to strike out all after the word "next"
in that proviso, and insert as a substitute, and as
an amendment to that proposed amendment the
Senatorfrom New Hampshire moves to strike out
all except the initial word of the proviso, and in-
sert what has been read.
Mr. DAVIS. If 1 understand the proposi-
tion as now presented, the motion of the Sena-
tor from Illinois is to strike out the whole of the
proviso. Now the Senatorfrom New Hampshire
moves to insert what he sends to the Chair in
place of that. My proposition is to amend that
which is proposed to be stricken out, and I do not
know how my friend's proposition will tie to that
very well. It seems to me that his comes to
occupy the place of that proposed by the Senator
from Illinois, and that these are distinct proposi-
tions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. For the pur-
pose of this amendment the motion of the Senator
from Illinois is not now pending. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves to amend the original
bill by striking out a certain portion and inserting
a substitute. The Senator from New Hampshire
proposes to amend the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, by inserting, as a substitute,
what he proposes immediately after the initial
word.
Mr. DAVIS. That would not be applicable for
this reason: My proposition is to amend the law
of 1840. The proposition of the Senator from New
Hampshire does not propose to amend that law.
It does something else.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is a ques-
tion altogether for the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish that the question maybe
taken upon my proposition, if the Senate pleases.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is a ques-
tion entirely with the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, as Ins amendment to the amendment is in
order.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator from Massachu-
setts is desirous to have the question taken on his
proposition first, I will withdraw my amendment,
and propose it afterwards.
Mr. Davis's amendment was then rejected.
Mr. HALE. 1 now renew my amendment.
The amendment was rejected, there being, on a
division—ayes 18, noes 2.).
The question then recurring on Mr. Shields's
amendment, it was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have various amendments
to offer. The first is to add the following as an
additional section:
Jlnt? be it farther enacted, That the provisions of the
seventh section of the act approved August 31, 1852, en-
titled c< An act making appropriation for the support of the
Army for the year ending the 30th of June, J853," shall be
construed to extend to all persons who were engaged a.s re-
ceivers of inihtary contributions in Mexico or California
during the war with Mexico.
Mr. HUNTER. There is no objection to that.
It is putting the receivers on the same footing with
the collectors.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move to add the following:
Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the provisions of the act
making appropriation for the support of the Army, for the
year ending 30th June, 1851, approved 28th September,
1850, granting extra pay to commissioned officers and en-
listed men in the Army of the United States, serving in
California and Oregon, from June 30, 1850, to March 1,
1852, be, and the same is hereby, extended to the commis-
sioned officers and enlisted inen serving during the same
time in the ninth military department, embracing New
Mexico, &c., and that so much of the moneys as may
be necessary now remaining unapplied of said fund, be
also applied to the payment of officers and enlUted men
serving in the ninth military department as aforesaid:
Provided, That the provisions of the first section of the act
entitled " An act malting appropriation for the support of
the Ariny for the year ending the 3Uth June,1851, approved
September 28, 1850, granting extra pay to officers and en-
1 listed men of the Army, serving in Oregon and California,"
be extended to the officers and men of the two companies
of regiments of mounted riflemen that garrisoned the post
at Fort Laramie, Oregon route, during the time they occu-
pied such post, and the amount which may be found due
shall be paid out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
[ Mr. HUNTER. This provision with regard
to extra pay was made to the troops in California
and Oregon on account of the extra prices of liv-
! ing there, and did not extend to any others. I do
not see why it should be extended to the troops
i in New Mexico any more than to those in Texas.
1 If we go on in this way, we shall have to extend
the same principle to the whole Army.
Mr. GW IN. That is perfectly proper with re-
gard to the two companies stationed at Fort Lar-
amie. Their expenses were as great, perhaps, as
those of the troops in California. As to the bal-
ance of that amendment, I think it should be acted
upon separately, so that the question may be taken
as to the two companies stationed at Fort Laramie
separately from the companies in the ninth mili-
tary department in New Mexico. I hope we shall
have a vote on it in that form.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will state that I at first con-
curred in the view presented by the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Hotter;] but upon a further ex-
amination of the question, and after all the inqui-
ries I made at the Department, I came to the con-
clusion that the expenses in New Mexico were
quite as great as they were in Oregon and in Cali-
fornia, except for a short time. The same principle
applies in the one case as in the other, so that this
only puts them on the same footing with the others.
Mr. RUSK. While justice is being done, I
