1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
hope it will be extended to all alike. I would like
to hear from the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs whether the troops stationed on
the Rio Grande, in the neighborhood of El Paso,
are included in this amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. This amendment will not in-
clude all of the troops of Texas, but only includes
a portion who were around El Paso.
Mr. HUNTER. I see nothing in this but an
extension of the system of extra pay until we
shall include the whole Army. There was a well-
defined geographical limit, when we confined the
provision to those in California and Oregon, and
it was given to them on account of the extraordi-
nary prices there. But the Senator from Illinois
will find it difficult to discriminate between those
who were in the ninth military department, and
those cases not comprehended within the limits of
that department; and if we commence it we shall
be obliged to go on adding and giving this extra
pay to all. I hope we shall stand where we now
stand; I am unwilling to pay in this partial man-
ner.
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not want to consume the
time of the Senate. I am very sorry we ever com-
menced giving extra pay. I think we were wrong
in commencing, but having commenced, I want to
put the troops in New Mexico on the same foot-
ing as others, and then stop. I wish to extend
the principle to such points as Fort Laramie and
El Paso, for 1 am satisfied that the expenses there
were as great as in Oregon and California at that
time. I agree that when we have done that justice
we should stop.
Mr. GWIN. I differ entirely from the Sena-
tor from Illinois when he says that we should not
have commenced; but if we go one step further
than we have heretofore gone, we ought to take t
the most meritorious class of officers and sol-
diers, and that is those who served in California
before 1850. The expenses were much greater
before 1850 than afterwards. Those who were
there in 1847, 1848, and 1849, had much higher
prices to pay than those in 1850; and here the
chairman of the Military Committee proposes to
extend to the officers in New Mexico the benefits
of the act of 1850, without giving it to those who
served in California and Oregon in 1847, 1848,
1849, and 1850, when everything was so extraor-
dinarily high. I hope that that question with
regard to the ninth military division, will not be
brought up at this time, because I will be com-
pelled, if it is, to ask an amendment extending
the provision in California back to 1848, 1849, as j
well as 1850; for I know that the pay of the offi- j
cers did not defray their expenses. They ought
to have been provided for long since. I therefore
hope the question will be divided. I am in favor
of that portion of the amendment relating to Fort
Laramie. The other I am not.
Mr. SHIELDS. I ask for a Tote. I do not
want to consume the time of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California asks a division of the amendment. ,
The question will, therefore, be first on that part j:
preceding the proviso. _ _
The question was taken, and it was rejected.
Mr. GWIN. Now, 1 hope that the proviso
will be moved as a separate section; and I have
to state that it proposes to pay two companies of
the rifle regiment that were stationed at Fort
Laramie. It is a limited payment—limited to the
period within which the balance of the regiment j:
was p.aid. _ . . |
Mr. SHIELDS. I offer that proviso in the
shape of an additional section, as follows:
« Sec. . Jlnd be it further tnactei, That the provisions
Of the fir*t section of the kct entitled4 An set making #p-
propriations for the support of the Army for the yew end-
in* the 3nth of June, 1851,' approved September 28,1850,
emitting extra pay to the officers and enluted men ot the
army serving in Oregon and California* be extended to the
officer* and men of two companies of the regiment of
mounted riflemen which were garrisoned at the post of Fort
Laramie on the route to Oregon, during the time they occu-
pied said post, and the amount which may be found due
them under this act shall be paid out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. HUNTER. My fear is, that this would
be an entering wedge to granting a great deal
more extra compensation to these officers and
men. How can we discriminate between these
men and those we have just excluded by our
vote I I do not see how we can draw the line of
distinction. -
Mr. SHIELDS. This is a very extraordinary
case. This post was an isolated post on the way
| to Oregon, and it happened to be outside the mili-
tary department to which we granted extra com-
pensation. But the officers of this post were sub-
jected to much more inconvenience than those in
any post in the department, and their case stands
on higher grounds than any other, although the
principle is the same. My impression is, that we
ought to give the benefit of the principle to all;
but, as I have already said, I am not going to con-
test that matter.
! Mr. MASON. The addition of this amend-
ment, it seems to me, would produce inequality,
i I submitted a few days since, to the chairman of
! the Committee on Military Affairs, a communi-
! cation from a friend of an officer of the Army sta- |
! tioned at Port Atkinson, which stated that the
officersand soldiersthere weresubjected to extraor-
dinary expenses, because of the position of that
post, as much as if they were in New Mexico, and
yet there is a great disparity between their pay
and the pay of the officers in New Mexico. I
suggested to the honorable chairman the propri-
ety of including them, but 1 understand they have
been excluded by a vote. Now, it is proposed to
give that allowance to two companies only at Fort
Laramie. 1 should be perfectly willing to extend
it to them if it be right, but I should not be dis-
posed to produce that disparity and inequality in
the pay of officers similarly situated.
Mr. GWIN. I will state, for the information
of the Senator from Virginia, that these two com-
panies formed part of the rifle regiment ordered to
i Oregon. Subsequent instructions stopped these
two companies at Fort Laramie; and their ex-
penses were equally as great, and their sufferings
as great, as those who were ordered to Oregon.
They had to furnish emigrants on the route with
provisions, and had to pay extra expenses for .
everything they obtained. I know the case is not '
a variation from the rule, but it comes strictly .
within that which we have laid down for our ac-
tion. If these companies had gone on to Oregon,
instead of stopping, as they were ordered to do, at
Fort Laramie, they would have come within the
law, and been entitled to receive increased com-
pensation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. My next amendment is to
add, after the provision for the payment of the
Army, the following proviso:
ProMed, That the military storekeepers of the Ord-
nance Department, in Oregon, California, and New Mexico,
shall hereafter receive the same pay thai is allowed bylaw
to the military storekeepers and paymasters of that De-
partment in the Atlantic States.
I would state that these officers now receive only
4800 a year, and this amendment will give them
21,200—the same amount which similar officers
have in the Atlantic Slates. : ,
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know what
is the cause of the difference ? Why do these of-
ficers not now receive the same amount as those
in the Atlantic States?
Mr. SHIELDS. This amendment puts the as-
sistants on the footing of principals in the Atlantic
States, and it is done at the recommendation of the
Department. Those officers say they cannot live
in California, Oregon, and New Mexico, for less
than $1,200 a year.
MrT GWIN. I know they cannot.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I offer the following as an
additional section:
gEc. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of War, under such regulations as he
mav nrescribe, to cause to be examined, and testimony to
be taken in all claims against the. United States for carrying
on the Goveromentin California in the years 1846 and 1847,
under Commodore R. F. Stockton, Brigadier General 8.
W Keamy, and Lieutenant Colonel John C. Fremont,
also for spoliations, and for property furnished ortakenfor
military purposes in California within that period which
have not been favorably reported upon by the Board of
Commissioners appointed under the sixth Pec""1 J™"*
act makin" appropriations lor the support of the Army,
approved August 31,1832, and to report thereupon to Con-
gi*B8 at its next session.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not exactly understand
that amendment, and I should like to have some
explanation of it. ,XT-
Mr SHIELDS. I will state the facts. Wfc
appointed a Board of Commissioners at the last
session to examine these California claims, and
that Board proceeded with the examination; but
I for the want of testimony, and the want of means
to ascertain the correct state of affairs, they had to
leave it off. They made a partial examination,
and then abandoned it. We have concluded to
leave it to the Secretary of War, to take some
means to ascertain the character and amount of
these claims, and then report to Congress, leav-
ing it to us hereafter to determine what is right
in the case. After trying various plans, we came
to the conclusion that this was the only safe mode.
Of course no injury can result from it, because
the matter after all will be in our own hands.
Mr. HUNTER. Of how many is this Board
to consist?
Mr. SHIELDS. This amendment does not
provide for any Board. It simply leaves it to the
next Secretary of War to ascertain the character
of the claims and the amount of the claims, and
then to give his own opinion as to what he be-
lieves to be just, and report the whole matter to
Congress.
Mr. WELLER. I do not exactly see what
disposition is made by the amendment of the
Board now in existence.
Mr. SHIELDS. There is no further necessity
for it.
Mr. WELLER. I would also Buggest that the
amendment ought to require this Board to meet in
the State of California, where all the testimony
can be readily ascertained. It is impossible to
obtain here the testimony necessary to enable the
Board to determine upon thejustice of these claims.
That testimony can be very readily obtained in
California, and it is a very great inconvenience to
those who have claims of the character spoken of
in that amendment, to require them to come here
with the proof necessary to sustain their claims.
I should, therefore, prefer that the amendment
should be so modified as to require the Commis-
sioners who are to pass upon these claims to as-
semble in California, where they can have an op-
portunity of obtaining the necessary information
upon this subject—information which, in my judg-
ment, cannot by any possibility be obtained here.
That there will be many claims presented, fraud-
ulent in' their character, I have no doubt. That
fraud can be more readily detected there than else-
where; and it is for that reason that I desire that
I the Senator from Illinois should so modify his
amendment as to require the Secretary of War to
> organize that Board, and then direct them to pro-
ceed to California. .
Mr. SHIELDS. Perhaps my honorable friend
is right, and perhaps I am wrong, in reference to
that "point. But this amendment does not author-
| ize the Secretary of War to appoint any Board.
A necessity arose to ascertain the condition of
these California claims, and we propose to author-
ize the Secretary of War to take such steps as he
may deem necessary to ascertain the nature of the
i claims and their character. Whatever agent he
j employs, he will of course send to California for
that purpose, or he may employ an agent or an
officer there. We leave it altogether to him to
determine the best plan.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, this is a most in-
efficient amendment. It does nothing. It retro-
grades from what we did last year. These claims
have now been in existence for six or seven years;
and there is no questioh that has created more
irritation against this Government than the failure
on its part to make some disposition of them. I
was in hopes, from the intercourse which took
place between the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs and myself in regard to the sub-
ject, that he would be prepared to offer an amend-
ment of a substantial character in reference to
these claims. I was anxious that they should be
disposed of, that they should not be trifled with
and thrust upon Congress from year to year by
mere reports which come here and die off without
any aetion. The report of the late Board of Com-
missioners came in here, and it has received no
consideration {it all.
This Board of Commissioners ought to sit in
California to investigate this question. If you
ever intend to pay the claims, they ought to be
paid immediately. They have now been six or
seven years in existence. It seems to me that
this amendment is giving the go-by to the claims
altogether, because it makes no appropriation.
How can this Board travel about in California
without some money for the purpose? Ho wain
the Secretary of War carry out the object? There
ia no appropriation made to enable him to do so.
