798
THE CONGRESSIONAL (iLOJBE.
Feb. 23,
for these points I am quite willing to vote aliberal
appropriation for defensive works. But, sir, I am
constrained to vote against a general fortification
system in the Army appropriation hill. I think
the precedent is a bad one, and I think, moreover,
that it will expose the bill to hazard between the
two Houses We know perfectly well that the
House of Representatives, by successive votes,
has condemned the existing system, and it will
not be likely to concur in an amendment of the
Senate to this bill which will introduce a new
one.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois whether the fortifications to
which the amendment alludes are to be new build-
ings, or whether the appropriation is for repairs
to keep the old works in order?
Mr. SHIELDS. I will reply to the honorable
gentlemen, and first to the honorable Senator from
Ohio. 1 would prefer that we should'have a gen-
eral bill for this purpose; but there is no chance,
no hope of that now. I think all we have to do
is to perform our duty, as far as we understand it,
to the country, and let the House take care of their
own affairs. If they reject it, we cannot help that.
Now, in reply to my friend from Kentucky I
would say, that one of these points is a new one,
and that is San Francisco. No structure has yet
been commenced there. All the other appropria-
tions are for the continuation and the completion
of works that have been commenced, and upon
which a great deal of money has been expended,
but which are now abandoned for the want of
these appropriations. I will take the case of Bos-
ton harbor. There are two forts in that harbor.
Boston is one of the richest cities on our conti-
nent, and yet from the fact that one of those forts
is not in a condition of defense, the whole defense
of that city, I may say, is good for nothing. I will
then go to Maine, a State which connects with the
Britisli Provinces, and one which would be the
first object of attack under certain circumstances,
and where there is a net-work of railroads run- j
ning into Canada. There is one of the most ex-
posed points in the Republic. And then take the I
case of Fort Delaware. I need not urge that. The i
Senator from Delaware brought it forward, and [
made a speech upon the subject at the lastsession. !
That point protects Philadelphia, and without it j
there is no adequate protection for that city. The i
only reason I have brought the amendment for-
ward is this: after consulting with the Department,
we have selected the works which ought to be de-
fended in any case and in any emergency, and we
have selected the amounts which would make I
those forts sufficient. I
The question being taken by yeas and nays |
upon the amendment, resulted—yeas 29, nays 14;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Bell, Borland, Brooke,
Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Dawson, De Saussnre, Downs,
Foot, tteyer, Gwin, Hamlin, Houston, H unter, Jones of
Tennessee, Mallorv, Mason, Miller, Morion, Pearee,
Phelps, Sebastian, Shields, Smith, Spruaiiee, Underwood,
and Walker—29. J
NAYS—Messrs. Adam", Atchison, Bright, Brodhead, I
Chase, Dodjie of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Fitzpatrick, I
Hale, Jones of Iowa, Pettit, Rusk, Sumner, and Wade—14. j
So the amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. SHIELDS. My next amendment is to j
add the following as an additional section:
Sec.— And be it further enacted. That for the settle-
ment of the remaining unpaid claims of the Slates of
Georina and Alabama for advances made in suppressing In-
dian hostilities, the Secretary of the Treasury pav to the
State of Georgia her claims now remaining unpaid, for
moneys paid by the State for suppressing hostilities of tile
Cherokee, Creek, and Seminole Indians, in the year 1835
and since, upon proof that the same wag paid by the State;
and that the provisions of the act of Congress relative to
the settlement of the claims of Georgia for military ser
vices, approved March 3d, 1851, be extended to the pay-
ment to he marie under this act; and that the Secretarv of
the Treasury pay to the State of Alabama, under the pro-
visions of the acts of Conaress of 14th August, 1842, and
26th January, 1849, the balance due said State "rowiif1 out
of the Creek Indian hostilities of 183B and 1837, provided
proof is made that said State advanced in good faith the
amount claimed.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any estimate for
these claims ? Do we know what their amount
will be?
Mr. SHIELDS. An appropriation was made
at the last session which it was thought would
cover them. But there was an omission in the
law which prevented the Department from paying
a certain item, and the object is to make up for j
that deficiency. j
Mr. HUNTER. I do not understand this mat-
ter at all. There is an appropriation in this very
bill to settle the claims of the State of Florida
according to the provisions made in the last bill
for the State of Georgia. That was taken as the
model and type upon which we were to legislate;
and now it turns out that that too is defective. I
understand nothing about the matter. I am sure
no estimates have been sent to my committee in
regard to it.
Mr. DAWSON. I would say in reply to the
Senator from Virginia, that at the last session of
Congressall these cases were before us, and in the
hasty legislation of the last night of the session,
we left out one item so far as relates to Georgia
' and Alabama—the item for horses which were
j lost, which constituted the largest portion of the
account. When the law went to the Department
I for construction, that word not being in it which
was intended to be there, the account could not be
j allowed. In the case of the State of Maine we
established the principle, and we provided for all
in the same bill. The provision in regard to
Maine was in these words:
"That in the adjustment of the accounts of the State of
Maine, under the act of the 13th of June. 1842, the pioper
accountms officers oflheTrea>ury be, and they are hereby,
directed to include and allow all claims which have been
ht-relotore presented iluder said act, provided it shall be
satisfactorily shown that said claims were actually allowed
and p*ud by that State."
This amendment does not contemplate the pay-
ment of a single dollar which has not long since
been paid both by Georgia and Alabama, and
which was intended to be covered by the bill of
last year in favor of those States, but which was
■ not so construed by the accounting officers on ac-
count of an unintentional omission of a few words.
That is the whole matter.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Georgia
will be kind enough to inform me why it is that
these claims have never been paid before? They
seem to be of very old standing, dating from 1835.
Mr. DAWSON. I will tell the Senator why.
Georgia advanced money to pay for hors«s lost in
the service, to her troops, to the amount of over
$15,000. The acts of 1837, 1842, and 1848 re-
quired that each individual who lost a horse should
sivear to the loss, and that it should be certified to
the Government here. Georgia paid the money
in advance, and the proof which she received did
not conrre up to the requisitions of the Department
at Washington, and she could not get a dollar.
Mr. HUNTER. Does this amendment give
interest on the amount?
Mr. DAWSON. Not at all. :
Mr. HUNTER. Then it only proposes to re- j
fund to the States of Georgia and Alabama what !
they actually advanced?
Mr. DAWSON. That is all. The only prin-
ciple controlling the payment of interest was es-
j tablished long ago, that wherever a State advanced
money for the Government, and she had to bor-
row it herself, and pay interest on it, in that case
the Government should pay her interest.
Mr. HALE. I would like to know whether
this amendment is in conformity with the rule?
If I recollect aright, payments to the States of
Maine, of Georgia, and New Hampshire were
provided for in separate bills.
Mr. DAWSON. No, sir; the claim of New
Hampshire passed in a separate bill, but the others
passed together. ,
Mr. HALE. In a private bill?
Mr. DAWSON. I believe so. i
Mr. HALE. Then I object to this amendment,
that it is a private bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) The Chair considers the amend- ;
ment entirely in order on two grounds  j
Mr. HALE. I owe an apology to the Chair.
If I knew who was occupying it, I would not
have raised the question of order. [Laughter.]
Mr. FITZPATRICK. lean state to the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance 
Mr. HUNTER. 1 am content. The Senator ;
had better let the question be taken.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have an amendment to pro-
pose, which I hope will be adopted unanimously.
A bill for the purpose passed the Senate at the last
session by a unanimous vote, but it is now in the
House of Representatives, and is likely never to
be reached there, and I therefore move to insert in |
this bill the following: I
That whenever any lieutenant of the Corps of Engi-
neers, the Corps of Topographical Engineers, or Ordnance
Corp- , shall have served fourteen years continuous service
as lieutenant, he shall be promoted to the rank of captain :
Provided, That the whole number of officers in either of
said corps shall not be increased beyond the number now
fixed bv law : And provided farther, That no officer shall
be promoted before those who rank hi in in his corps.
Mr. BORLAND. Apart from the fact that at
the last session of Congress, that very provision
was passed by the Senate in a separate bill, which
it seems to me commends it very strongly to the
favorable consideration of the Senate now, the
merits of the proposition itself should induce the
Senate to adopt it unanimously. Here, sir, are
officers in our Army of the very highest attain-
ments. They are placed in these particular
corps after they have passed their examinations
at West Point, on account of their ability and
scientific attainments in this particular department
of their profession. They are associated in the
performance of their duties with the other offi-
cers of the Army. They are placed in positions
and have to incur responsibilities, and perform the
duty which belong to officers of the rank of cap-
tain, and it is found, notwithstanding that, that
they are kept in the rank of lieutenants almost all
their lives, and are deprived of the advantages of
promotion. This is a simple provision, that after
they shall have served fourteen years, which is
beyond the average time when other officers are
promoted, they having to perform the duties of
captain and assume the responsibilities, and be
associated with captains in the performance of
their duties, shall have that rank. It seems to me
that the proposition is so reasonable in itself that
! there can be no opposition to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I have an amendment to offer in
1 the shape of additional sections, as follows:
Sec. —. And be it farther enacted, That the Secretary of
War be, nnd he is hereby, authorized, under the direction of
the President of the United States, to employ such portion of
the Corps of Topographical Engineers, and such other per-
sons as he may deem advisable, to ascertain the most prac-
ticable and most economical route for a railroad from the
Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean; and that the sum of
$150,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to de-
fray the expense of such explorations and surveys.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That th*  engineers
and others employed in said explorations and surveys shall
be organized in as many distinct corps as there are routes
to be surveyed, and their several reports shall be laid before
Congress on or before the first Mondav in January, 1854.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That m making such
explorations and surveys, the engineers and other persons
employed under the authority of this act may be directed
to act in concert with any engineers or other persons em-
ployed by any individual or individuals, association or as-
sociKtion«, for the same general object; and the Secretary
ot War is hereby authorized and required to receive propo-
sal^ from individuals or associations for the construction of
a railroad between the valley of the Mississippi to the Pa-
cific ocean, and to lay the same before Congress at the next
session.
Mr. President, it ia well known that I voted
against this proposition when we had the Pacific
railroad bill under consideration, and I am not at
all in favor of it now as the right measure; but
inasmuch as the establishment of this great na-
tional highway has alt to be gone over again at the
next session, I have determined to bring the sub-
ject of a reconnoissance to the notice of the Senate
now. I give the honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Brodhead] the full credit of this prop-
osition. It is his—at least two sections of it are.
I have only added an additional section. I offer it
with a great deal of doubt whether any good will
result from it, because the very difficulty that met
all propositions for establishing the terminus of
this railroad on the Mississippi river may be
brought so prominently before Congress by these
explorations as to defeat any bill that will build
this road. If any route is reported to this body
as the best, those that may be rejected will always
go against the one selected. Therefore I offer this
amendment with a great deal of doubt and hesi-
tancy whether it is proper to make any such
exploration if we anticipate the getting of the road.
I voted against the proposition before on this
ground. I regret more than anything that has
occurred during my lifetime that .we could not
pass at this session a bill to establish this great
national highway without resorting to anv explo-
ration of this description, which is so likely to
bring the various sections of the country in opposi-
tion in regard to the proper location of the road.
But I conceive it to be my duty to do the best that
I can towards the establishment of this road. And
