800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 23.
from Florida if this is recommended the head
of any Department'
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir; it is not. There
18 no appropriation asked for in the amendment,
and I am not aware that it has been recommended
by any head of any Department. It is, how-
ever, recommended by the Executive of Florida,
and by the entire Legislature of that Slate; and I
have been especially instructed to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the subject. I was joins; on
to observe that by adopting this provision you
will gain this advantage: If the State herself called
out tlie militia ft suppress Indian hostilities, the
amount will come to the General Government
through the State commissaries and State quarter-
masters, and the Federal Government will be the
paymaster at last. If you authorize the President
to call out the militia, you appoint your own
regular quartermasters and commissaries, and
have the matter under the control of your Depart-
ments. This amendment does not provide posi-
tively that they shall be called out. It is contin-
gent. If Indian hostilities render it necessary,
the State will call them out, as a matter of course;
but it is wiser for us, I apprehend, to confer au-
thority upon the President, and let the whole
matter be under his control.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I am con-
strained to oppose this amendment, and I oppose
it perhaps for a reason different from that wnich
would be offered by most of those who would vote
against it. It involves somewhat an examination
of our Indian policy—that policy of the Govern-
ment which, beginning many years ago, long be-
fore I had any part in public affairs, has gone on
till the present time, the result of which has been
to put to great disadvantage—unjust, oppressive,
and cruel disadvantage, the States west of the Mis-
sissippi river. That policy has been to remove
the Indians from the States lying east of the Mis-
sissippi, and to place them upon our western fron-
tier, assigning to them a country perhaps among
the most beautiful, fertile, and desirable regions in
the whole of this Union, and doing what with it:
Subjecting it forever to the occupancy and control
of the Indian tribes. I say that it is an unjust, op-
pressive, and cruel disadvantage to impose upon
the States west of the Mississippi. It builds
up, as it were, a wall higher, and stronger, and
more impassable than the Chinese wall against
the countries bordering upon China. It makes a
barrier beyond which civilization cannot go. ft
subjects to savage occupation and possession a
larse portion of the most beautiful country which
we have west of the Mississippi river, or in any
part of the Union.
Sir, I do not oppose the policy of putting the
Indians upon our western frontier because we have
any apprehension of danger from them. We do
not fear them. They are peaceable enough. They
give us no trouble in that way; but it is because
they are peaceable, because they are quiet, because
they hold the country and possess it, and exclude
civilized man from it, that I object to the policy
itself. I object to this measure in particular, be-
cause it is an extension of that policy, and the
putting of more Indians west of us; taking steps
which will tend to perpetuate more and more this
savage occupancy of the country, and the exclu-
sion of civilized man from it. What can my State
do? What can the State of Missouri do? The
Indian country extends along the whole western
border of each State. What can Texas do along
her border where these Indian tribes exist, occu-
pying the country, and excluding white men > Sir,
we are cut off from extension: not that we want
to enlarge our State borders, but we want a civil-
ized population west of us. We want civilized
neighbors, who will possess and cultivate the
country as civilized men, making our State, as we
have a right to be made, the thoroughfare for trade
and travel between the two extremes of the Union
—the Atlantic and Pacific.
I know very well that in course of time we shall
get clear of this evil, but how will we get clear of
it? There is a process by which we shall proba-
bly get clear of it in a comparatively short time.
What is that? The process that has been carried
on in Florida, and which was carried on in Georgia
and Alabama—of wars with the Indians and their
extermination by the sword. That not taking
place—and humanity bids us hope that it will not
take place—we are subject to the slower process
of these Indians dying out, gradually melting
away in the neighborhood of civilized men, as
they have been melting away since we first landed
on this continent. And until they do melt away,
until this savage barrier is broken down by this
slow and natural process we are walled out on the
west. Talk as you please about giving us rail-
roads to the Pacific from our western border, you
have by this policy cut us off from availing our-
selves of those advantages of neighborhood and
extended civilized settlements which have been ac-
corded to other States in this Union. Sir, why
do you propose to take these Indians out of Florida?
Why did you take the Indians out of Georgia,
Alabama, Mississippi, and Tennessee: To enable
the country to be occupied and cultivated by white
men. At the very same time that you did that,
at the same time that the States east of the Mis-
sissippi received this kind favor and consideration
at your hands, you imposed on the people west of
the Mississippi the inconvenience of having these
Indians on their western borders. You removed
them at an expense of millions upon millions of
the public money from those States east of the
Mississippi, and you have imposed upon us west
of that river in perpetuity, as far as your legislation
could do so, this evil.
It has always seemed to me that the duty of
western representatives in both Houses of Con-
gress was to have arrested this policy from the first.
Ordinary forecast, it seems to me, would have
prompted them to do so. They ought to have
risen up as one man, and to have resisted such a
policy as long as they had, if not arguments to use,
strength of lungs to talk, until by the expiration of
time the policy could not have been consummated.
Sir, such a policy tends more to retard the pros-
perity of the States west of the Mississippi than
anything else that has been done, in my opinion,
from the beginning of the Government.
I hold that so far as this case is concerned, Flori-
da, like Arkansas and Missouri and Texas, should
be left to take care of her own Indians. These
Indians do not annoy Florida as much as the In-
dians upon our frontiers annoy us. They are dwin-
dling away to nothing. They have got almost to
a point. In the course of a very short time, by
the operation of natural causes, Florida will be
relieved from them altogether. Am I to be told
that five hundred Indians, men woman and chil-
dren—and 1 understand there are no more—require
that the sovereign State of Florida should have
the protection of the General Government in order
to contend successfully with them? Can she not
hold them in subjection and quiet? Can she not
keep them within their bounds? Why Florida
has been in the Union nearly as long as Arkansas,
and she has not got on her borders one twentieth
part of the Indians we have on the settlements
along our western line. It is true these Indians
do not come in upon us. They keep beyond our
State line. As a matter of policy, if humanity
would permit of such a wish, we could hope that
they would come within our State limits instead of
remaining beyond us. It would be better for the
whole country, so far as policy is concerned, by
opening a larger field for white settlers; and by
their coming in among us, these natural causes
which are now slowly removing that obstacle to
the spread of civilization would be very much hast-
ened in their operation.
So far from having any unkind feelings towards
Florida, there is no Senator on this floor whose
feelings are kindlier, and who would vote any ap-
propriations necessary to promote her welfare and
prosperity than I would; but this is asking a little
too much. It is asking the representatives of
those living west of the Mississippi to relieve her.
at their own expense, and to increase an evil which
is weighing upon them so heavily that they are
put to disadvantage, and are every day receiving a
taunt that they are behind the other States of this
Union. But why is it so; Because we have not
been able to avail ourselves of those means of im-
proving our condition which we should have had
but for your Indian policy—I would say your
barbarian policy—for it has been nothing more—
your savage policy. I hope the amendment will
not be agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I feel it due to the State
which I have the honor in part to represent, to
prolong this debate by saying a few words in re-
ply'to the honorable Senator from Arkansas. His
argument isinot addressed to the point, if 1 under-
stand him, for he attempts to argue here against 1
; the policy which this Government has long estab-
lished, of removing the Indians to homes in the
West. I have nothing to say as to that, but it is
the settled policy of the country, and it is too late
in the day now to call it in question.
These Indians have made a treaty. They have
agreed by a treaty, recognized by the Senate, to
remove. Have we any right to set that treaty
aside? Have we of Florida not a right to demand
that the treaty shall be complied with ? Have we
not a right to ask that it shall not be violated ?
These men, for whom sympathy is expressed, are
a common band of cut-throats, outlawed by their
own people, common renegades and murderers,
who conceal themselves in the frontiers of Florida,
and desolate them at pleasure.
The Senator from Arkansas says, let Florida
take care of her own Indians. We are doing it.
At the last session of the Legislature of Florida, a
bill was passed to provide for raising volunteers
for the purpose. They are to be held in hand until
the Executive shall see fit to remove the I nd ians by
other means. We have tried the experiment of
removing them by regular troops, and it has en-
tirely failed. Recently a special agent was sent
down by the Government there with a large
amount of money to buy them up. He has come
back, and reported that there is no means of get-
ting them out of the country but by the people of
the frontier themselves who know the haunts of
the Indians.
Those who espouse the cause of humanity,
those who are for protecting the Indians, may
justly take this view of it. The State of Florida
considers their presence in her limits an intoler-
able evil not to be endured; and depend upon it
these Indians must go out of the State, or they
will be exterminated. The idea of enduring them
upon that large district of country, the most fer-
tile and tropical region in the State, and one of the
most interesting to the whole South, occupying
one seventh of Florida, is totally out of the ques-
tion. It is due to herself that she should remove
these Indians. Now, will you trust the State of
Florida herself to remove the Indians in her own
way, and then pay the bill she sends you? Or
will you take the matter in hand, and suffer the
President to muster such forces as he may think
proper, under such conditions as he may deem
necessary and just, to remove them under his su-
pervision ? Sound policy dictates, with reference
to money alone, that this course should be pur-
sued. Sound policy dictates, with reference to
the Indians alone, that this policy should be pur-
sued. In every point of view it is the one which
is absolutely necessary. This amendment asks
for no money. These volunteers may not be
called; but we shall not meet again until next De-
cember, and it is necessary to provide for any con-
tingency which may occur in the mean time, and
to give the President power to call out such force
as he may deem necessary.
Mr. DAWSON. I would suggest to my friend
from Florida to change his amendment so as to
provide for calling out the militia instead of vol-
| unteers, by putting it in this form:
' J}nd be it further enacted, That for the purpose of remov-
; ing the Indians from Florida, the President of the United
States be, and he is hereby, authorized to call Into the ser-
vice such portion of the militia force of Florida as he may
deem necessary.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 accept that.
Mr. DAWSON. There are about three hun-
dred of these Indians in Florida. I have seen the
Indian agent here, and I had an interview with
him, and got my information from him. There
are about a hundred of them who are warriors.
Now, my view of the subject is this: Florida will
drive these Indians out, and perhaps treat them
, roughly and inhumanly. For the purpose of
avoiding that, as a southern man, and to prevent,
if possible, any such inhumanity, I desire that
; the matter shall be put under the control of the
General Government, which, under the treaty,
is bound to remove these Indians. When this
shall have been done, Sam Jones and Billy Bow-
legs will understand that this is a matter in which
the General Government is concerned, and that
Florida has not the management of it. When
: they learn that the whole force of the nation is to
take them in hand, it will have a moral impres*
sion on them, and will save the lives of the In-
j dians and the money of the country, in my opin-
