1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
805
it will benefit the State of Pennsylvania greatly,
for she has imported a large amount of foreign
iron for the purpose of laying down her railroads.
1 trust that we will get this subject before the
House at an early day. I promised the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] to allow him to offer
an amendment.
Mr. COBB. It was to carry out the same ob-
ject which the gentleman from North Carolina had
in view, that I gave notice to the House a few days
ago I should offer an amendment; and I requested
the gentleman from North Carolina, before ne con-
cluded his remarks, to give me an opportunity of
offering an amendment, supposing that it would
be in order, to this bill. It was to extend the pay-
ment of duties upon railroad iron. I thought it
might be in order, but upon reflection I am satis-
fied that it will not be so ruled; and as I am not
disposed to hammer cold iron, but prefer always
to hammer it hot, I will not offer it. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think that we may have
an opportunity at an early day.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I understand
that no amendments are in order unless by the
unanimous consent of the House. I have an
amendment which I very much desire to offer to
this bill, and which is of great interest to the State
in which I live. I will suggest the amendment,
and ask the unanimous consent of the House,
with the permission x>f the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] to offer it. It is to
insert in the fifty-ninth line of the first section the
word " coal" after the word " State."
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 have of course no ob-
jection to the proposition.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I object to the
amendment.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbukt Dickins, Esq., its Sec-
retary, informing the House that the Senate had
agreed to an amendment of the House to the bill
of the Senate (No. 125) entitled '• An act for the
relief of Mary W. Thompson," with an amend-
ment, in which they uk the concurrence of the
House.]
Mr. TO w jvsHEND addressed the House for
■ome time in favor of the bill, when his remarks
were cut off by the expiration of the morning
hour. [See Appendix.]
Mr. STl/ART. Has the morning hoar ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. STUART. Then I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of the business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
rules be suspended*and that the,Home resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
MUUJIMB UPON THE TREASURY.
Mr. KING, of New York. I rise to a privileged
question, to make a report from the Committee of
Conference on the disagreeing vote of the two
Houses on the bill entitled " An act to prevent
frauds upon the Treasury of the United States."
The bill of the House, in reciting what was pro-
hibited in the second and third sections, applying
" ' Repri
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
I The SPEAKER. One motion has been sub-
mitted to suspend the rules ai d go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. An-
other motion was made to proceed to the business
upon the Speaker's table. The question will be
first upon the motion to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STUART. Upon that motion I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McNAiRand
Peaslee were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers
reported—ayes 50.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
I Mr. BROOKS. I desire to know if it will be in
! order to move a call of the House?
! The SPEAKER. It will be in order.
Mr. BROOKS. I have no object in making the
I motion, except that we might as well consume the
I time of the House in this way as any other, if
i that is what gentlemen want.
| The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman submit
that motion ?
Mr. BROOKS. No, sir; I will not submit it.
The question was then taken upon the motion
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and the result was—yeas
91tjiays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Allison, Averett, Bab-
cock, Bibigliaua, Bocock, Bragg, Bremen, Albert G. Brown,
Busby, Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Caskie, Chastaiit, Church-
well, Clark, Clemens, Clingman, Cobb, Colcock, Callom,
Darnel, Dawson, Dtnunick, Dunham, Durkoe, Ficklin,
Floyd, Gorman, Green, Hall, Hamilton, ishain G. Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Haven, Hendricks, Hibbard. Holla-
day, Houston, Howard, Jolm W. Howe, Hunter, Ives,
Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, Robert W.
Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glancy ■
Jones, Preston King, Kurtz, Letcher, Mason, McCorkle,
McMullin, McNair, McQueen, Meade, Millson, John
Moore, Morehead, Murphy, Mnrray, ftubers, Outlaw,
Peaslee, Pennimau, Phelps, Powell, Richardson, Robie,
Robinson, Savage, Scboonmaker, Scurry, Skelton, Smith.
Alexander H. Stephens, Stone, Stratton, Sweetser, Towns-
hend, Venable, Wallace, Ward, Watkins, Addison White,
Wihtrick, and Woodward—91.
NAYS—Messrs. AHten, Charles Allen, John Apjrieton,
William Appleton, Thomas H. Bayly, Barrere, Bartlett. '
Bell, Bowie, Bowne,John H. Boyd, Briggs, Brooks,George
H. Brown, Burrows, Lewis D. Campbell, Chapman, Cott-
man, Curtis, Darby, GeorgeT. Davis, Bean, Bisney, Doty,
Duncan, Eastman, Edgerton, Pay, Filch, Florence, Thomas
J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Gentry, Giddings, Gilmore, Goode-
now, Goodrich,Grow, Harper,Hart, Haws, Henn,Thomas
M. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, George G. King,
Kutms, Little, Lockhart, Mace, Mann, McDonald,McLan- j
ahan, Meacham, Molony, Henry D. Moore, Newton, Sam- |
uel W. Parker,I'enu, Perkins, Porter, Preston, Price, Heed, i
Riddle,Robhius,Russell, Sacket ,Schermerborn,Origen S. j
Seymour, Snow, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stantoa, Abraham P. Stephens, Stuart, Taylor, Toombs,
Tack, WiMi, WaMtburn, Welch, Watts, aad Williams
isentatives in Congress, prohibited the receipt by
them of gifts from claimants, or any share or in-
terest in claims, in these words:
" Shan reeei veany gratuity from any claimant against the
United States, or agree to receive, or receive, except by in-
heritance, bequest, or marriage, any share or pecuniary in-
terest in any claim against the Unired States, or."
The Senate struck out this clause from both sec-
tions. To these amendments the House disagreed.
The Committees of Conference agree to strike
out the words struck out by the Senate, and insert
the prohibition in both sections, in these words:
"Or shall receive any gratuity, or any share of, or interest
in, any claim from any claimant against the United States
with intent to aid or assist, or in consideration of having
aided or assisted, ia the prosecution of such claim."
I send up the report of the Committee of Con-
ference to which the Senate has agreed, and move
that the House agree to the report; and oa that
I move the previous question.
The previous question was then seconded, and
.the main question ordered to be put.
The report of the conferees was then read through
by the Clerk, and under the operation of the pre- j
vious question it was concurred in. I
So tkfr roles were suspended- •
indian appropriation bill.
The House accordingly resolved itself into*the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Bocock in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee were
ip session on yesterday, it had under considera-
tion House bill No. 333, making appropriations
for the service of the Indian Department of the
Government. Lt was temporarily laid aside for
the purpose of taking up another bill, but with the
understanding that as soon as the latter bill was
disposed of, they should again resume the consid-
eration of the Indian appropriation .bill. That bill
will therefore now be taken up for consideration,
upon which thegentlemanfrom Texas [Mr. How-
ard] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOWARD. I will ask the Chair what
portion of my half hour is still remaining ?
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman has within
one or two minutes of a quarter of an hour left.
Mr. HOWARD. Well, sir, as it will take all
that time to present the subject before the com-
mittee in an intelligible form, I hope I shall be al-
lowed to proceed without further interruption.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will allow
the gentleman to occupy more than fifteen min-
utes.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. Chairman, I was pro-
ceeding to remark, when the committee rose on
yesterday, thit the Government considered and
treated the letter of General Pinckney and the
counter statement of the Indians, as a part of the
J treaty, and that it embraced a proper subject for
I consideration in the adjudication of these claims,
and that after so treating it as I understood it, it
proceeded to pass both upon the claims for the
destruction of personal property belonging to the
friendly Creeks and also upon the claim for land.
But that the committee may judge how far this
construction of mine is a correct one, I propose to
read the languageof the document to which I refer.
The instructions of the War Department to Haw-
kins, the Indian agent, on the 12th July, 1815,
direct him to inquire:
. " is.*' -As to tile nature and extent of the indemnity which
the friendly chiefs claim, in consequence of the leiter ad-
dressed by General Pinckney on the 23d April, 1814.
"2d. How far the Government ought, from motives of
justice or policy, to yield to their claims.
" 3d. Whether indemnity ought to be made to them by
restoring a part of the ceded land, or by an additional an-
nuity, or by giving tliem a certain fixed sum in money and
goods.
"4th. Whether these compensations (of whatever na-
ture they inay be) should be confined entirely to the friendly
chiefs."
Colonel Hawkins then proceeds to examine into
the whole subject of the land, as I understand it,
and as to the claim for remuneration for destruc-
tion of property; and that such is the proper con-
struction is evident from the answers returned to
the inquiries made by him to the War Depart-
ment. He replies:
" Question 3d. ' Whether indemnity ought to be made to
' them by restoring a part of the ceded land, or by an ad-
• ditional annuity, or by giving them a certain fixed sum in
e money or goods?'
! " I believe the correct way would be to liquidate the
| claims of individuals, some of which, t am told, are too
high ; reduce them to a just value, and pay them. If it
; were a national claim, a cession of land might be desirable,
■ but to individuals it is otherwise.
" Question 4th.' Whether these compensations (ofwhat-
' ' ever nature they may be) should be confined entirely to
' the fttendty chiefs ?'
"This question is, in fact, already answered. It should
be confined to the individual claimants, for none other am
in contemplation of the terms of peace offered, nor have I
ever heard any such mentioned by any chief, The national
question put to me on compensation is,(When is the an-
nuity to arrive! or is it withdrawn from us without assign-
ing a reason "
This report, as I understand- it, shows that the
] Department covered the whole ground in these in-
structions. Hawkins, their friend, whose wife had
been their schoolmistress for years, understood the
I whole subject. That they regarded him as their
friend is evident from the memorial itself, in which
they speak of him as a wise and good man. He
inquired into the whole subject, both as to the
amount of personal property destroyed and as to
the amount due them for lands taken from them.
He reported that the best plan would be to give
them a certain sum to be divided among the
friendly Indians. He further goes on to state
that $100,000 would be a sum sufficient to cover
the whole amount to -which they were entitled.
He thinks the amount would probably be less, but
that would be the ultimatum. Mr. Lowndes, in
1#17, took tip the whole subject and considered it
at length. lie discussed the subject of lands and
he discussed the subject of the destruction of per-
sonal property, and reported that $85,000 was a
sufficient sum for the payment of all claims to
which the friendly Creeks were entitled. Subse-
quently, in 1818, after the death of Hawkins, a
new agent (Mr. Mitchell) was appointed, who
went upon the ground and undertook to investigate
these losses. He reported that a larger amount
ought to be paid, and mentioned the sum which
he thought justly due as (193,080.* But I submit
to the candor of the committee whether Hawkins,
who resided among these Indians for years, who
knew the number of the tribe and all the circum-
stances connected with their affairs certainly much
better than a stranger, was not much better quali-
fied to judge of this matter than Mitchell, who was
only among tftem for a short time.
Well, sir, in 1824 these Indians Came forward
for a second compensation, based upon the addi-
tional report of Mitchell. The Committee oa
Ways and Means, of which Louis McLane was
then chairman, took the matter up and considered
the whole subject, both as to the destruction of
personal property and the claim for land, and they
reported, in April, 1834, that the Indians had re-
ceived pay for all they were fairly and justly enti-
tled to. The report thus states the case:
"The claim on the part of the friendly Creek Indians is
to an indemnity for certain losses which they summed
from hoe tile Indiana Qj' their own tribe dupsg the Creek
war, and is founded upon an in«rument delivered by them
