1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
secured to them where they now are, is thirteen
million eight hundred thousand acres, which
amounts to each individual, man, woman, and
child, to six hundred and ninety acres. Jtthus
appears from this statement what the Government
is doing for this people who are said to be so badly
treated.
I do not think that the accusation of ill treatment
made against the Government of the United States
is warranted by the history of the tribes. We
know, that previous to taking possession of the
country by the whites, there were wars between
all the Indian tribes, which were daily and yearly
exterminating them; and the truth is, that the pos-
session of the country by the whites has been the
only means of preserving them at all from those
destructive wars, and from other calamities which
would have resulted in their extermination. We
know from historical remains occasionally discov-
ered, that previously to the existence of these tribes,
and before the discovery of this country by Colum-
bus, there were tribes on portions of this continent
more civilized and enlightened than those that have
existed since, and who were probably overrun by
those who were found here at the time of the dis-
covery.
Those people on whom so much sympathy is
wasted, owe their preservation to the white race.
We have suppressed the wars among the tribes.
We have given them the arts of civilization, and
carried Christianity to their lodges. We have se-
cured to all of them, to each individual, a large
amount of land which they cannot alienate with-
out our consent. We have protected their prop-
erty by laws against alienation, which does not
exist to guaranty the white man against the con-
sequences of his own improvidence. As commu-
nities, there were none in the world so rich as
those tribes which we have removed west of the
Mississippi. They are the only people in the
world among whom the guarantees for property,
as contemplated by the social system, exists by
law. Their progress presents a curious problem,
one most interesting to contemplate. Most of
these tribes are making rapid progress in civiliza-
tion. They have each a regular government,
churches, schools, colleges, and some of them
printing presses. They are advancing gradually
in agriculture and the mechanic arts. I trust the
Government will persevere in this wise and benev-
olent policy. But our treatment of the Indians
is not liable to the charge of cruelty towards
this people, which sentimental declaimers have
preferred against it. The course of the Govern-
ment, since the adoption of the present Constitu-
tion, has not only been just, but munificent almost
to prodigality.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I shall devote
the time allotted to nje in answering the remarks
and objections of the honorable gentleman from
Texas, in as far as I may be able to, in the order
in which he has presented them.
He set out with a reference to the instructions
given by the War Department, under which the
treaty of peace with these Indians was made.
Those instructions were issued by the Govern-
ment directly to the Commander-in-Chief in that
qua ter. That commander was Major General
Pinckney, who then set down, with the good
sense, the intelligence, and sense of justice which
he possessed, and interpreted to the Indians what
it was that the Government would do; and the In-
dians held their communications with him, and
him alone, as the head of our army and as the
representative of our Government, so far as those
Indians were concerned. I will read a letter from
General Pinckney to Colonel Hawkins, which
was written in the very midst of that war, which
letter contains the propositions of this Govern-
ment to those Indians, and which was communi-
cated to the friendly tribe, and through them to
the hostiles. The letter is dated, " Head-Q,uar-
ters,sixth and seventh districts, Camp Confluence
of the Coosa and Tallapoosa, April 23,1814," and
is as follows: j
" Sir : The complete success with which ii has pleased '
the Almighty to bless the arms of the United States in the
present war with the hostile Creek Indiana, having amply
retaliated upon these infatuated people the loss of blood
sustained by the citizens of the United Stales, and by that
parr of"the nation who remained faithful to them, and their
insolence, perfidy, and ingratitude having been severely
chastised, tile Government of the United States, willing to
spare the dispersed remnant of these miserable people who
maybe sincerely disposed to atone for their lormer mis
deeds by their future good conduct, you will be pleased to
communicate to them the following terms upon which peace
will be granted to them:
"The United States will retain so much of the conquered
territory as may appear to the Government thereof to be a
just indemnity for the expenses of the war, and as a resti-
tution for the injuries sustained by its citizens and the
friendly Creek Indians. The United States will retain the
right to establish military posts and trading houses, and to
make and use such roads as they may think necessary, and
treelyto navigate all the rivers and watercourses in the
Creek territory. The enemy must, oil their part, surren-
der their prophets, and such other instigators of the war as
may be designated by the Government of the United States ;
and they must agree to such restrictions upon their trade
with foreign nations as shall be established by the Govern-
mentofthe United States. You will be pleased, sir, to com-
municate these terms to the friendly Indians, and to enjoin
them in the prosecution of the war against such as may
continue hostile, to carefully to abstain from Injuring those
who may be returning with the intention of making their
submission. You maylikewise inform them that the Uni-
ted States will not forget their fidelity, but, in the arrange-
ments which may be made of the lands to be retained as
indemnity, their claims will be respected."
What claims ? Their claims to their own native
soil.
*' And such of their chiefs as have distinguished them-
selves, by their exertion and valor in the common cause,
will also receive a remuneration in the ceded kinds, and in
such manner as the Government may direct. You will
please,sir, to take such measures as you may think expe-
dient to communicate the above terms to the hostile party,
and to point out the roads whereby they may approach the
posts of the United States to surrender themselves, which
roads you will also please to designate to the lriendly
party."
There, sir, is the authoritative declaration made
to our ally through the only channel the Govern-
ment could make it, through the Commander-in-
Chief of the American forces, dignified with all
the powers it is usual for such an officer in such a
situation to possess. What could a credulous na-
tive of the forest otherwise do than give it his
most undoubting faith ? They believed that ex-
press promise would be fulfilled. The words are,
" your fidelity shall not be forgotten," and they
were used after those Indians had fought battle
after battle, and shed their blood in every section
of that dountry by the side of the white soldiers.
In the conception of the gentleman from Texas
[Mr. Howard] and others, we have treated the
Indians with a vastdealof humanity; but, whether
we have or not, I leave to the judgment of all
American citizens. I would ask, however, as
between man and man, and on the principle of
right which God Almighty has implanted in every
human breast, whether pledges line those to our
allies, given, as they were, in the midst of difficul-
ties which rendered the assistance of those allies
essentia) to our success, can be honorably disre-
I garded by this or any other-nation making them ?
i They can only be disregarded for the simple fact
that we have the power m our hands to do so. If
this House gives me the task to bring before it
information on a particular matter, 1 will sink j
down before I will cease to make efforts to afford j
them the necessary lights that justice may be ,
done. So much for that point, f shall touch on
it no further. 1 have spent too mu h time on it
already. |
I will now direct the attention of the committee, i
Mr. Chairman, to another point, and that is in
regard to the statute of limitations which the hon-
orable gentleman from Texas, no doubt with en-
tire satisfaction on his own part, puts forward here..
It is true that this claim accrued about forty years
since, but is it less just? Do Governments allow
to be plead against-them the statute of limitations ?
But admitting that is so, I would ask you to turn
to what is within the knowledge of several mem-
bers of this committee, Georgians especially—to
turn to your treaty book, and it will show you
the most remarkable condition of things with re-
spect to the statute of limitations that has ever
been seen. By the treaty of Indian Springs, made
I think in the year 1821, wecompelleid these same
Indians to pay all the old claims our citizens
had against them, going back as far as the year
1773, though we had made five or six intervening
treaties with them. Shall we say, who hold our-
selves before the world as the guardians of these
Indians, our wards, that we will withstand you
on the statute of limitations, though we ourselves
disregarded it, and coerced you, a weak and igno-
rant people, to settle on contrary principles? Who
will declare that will be to the honor of the white
man ? I have done with that part of the subject.
The following is the quotation of the gentleman
fromTexas:
" Question 3d. Whether indemnity ought to be made to I
| them by restoring a part of the ceded land, or by an addi-
: tional annuity, or by giving them a certain fixed sum in
I money or goods?"
In one of the letters, which I cannot now turn
to, it was contemplated to give them indemnity
out of the lands of the conquered Indians in such
manner as the United States Government might
direct; but, in no event was it in contemplation to
indemnify them for their losses out of their own
lands. The Indians themselves speak of this as
the treaty of the sword. You can find only one
parallel for this treaty in ancient times. Then a
general of an armv threw his sword into the
scales and compelled an acquiescence in his require-
ments. These Indians were compelled to sign
that treaty. This question relates to indemnity for
their personal losses. I believe the correct way
would be to liquidate the claims of individuals,
some of which, 1 am told, are too high; reduce
them to a just value and pay them. If it were
a national claim, a cession of land might be de-
sirable; but to individuals it is otherwise.
This is a sufficient answer. I will make no
more, though I can conscientiously say to the
committee and the gentleman, that having studied
this thing most thoroughly, there is a full and
complete additional answer if this were all blotted
out.
Now as to the $110,000; we paid it because we
thought it was due as the remainder for indemnity
for individual losses. 1 f gentlemen have compunc-
tions of conscience with regard to the payment of
that $110,000, that is no reason why they should
have them in reference to the payment for lands
we took from our allies against their protest;
which protest has been on file for the last forty
years. But the gentleman who feels his conscience
affected, may come forward and offer an amend-
ment, that that $110,000 be deducted from the sum
due them for the wrong we inflicted in seizing and
confiscating to our own use so great an amount of
their land. I will answer that point no further.
The $60,000 was considered to be due them. Haw-
kins makes his statement in regnrd to it. You
will find that every committee of the House and
Senate refused to pay any more of that indemnity
on express grounds, until Orlando Crown became
the head of the Indian Burenu. It was a mere
supposition on the part of Hawkins that £K0,000
would be sufficient to pay the entire personal losses
sustained by the Indians during the war. That
$60,000 was applied to the payment of personal
losses, and not for the land which was wrested
from them by the commanding general, on the
part of the United States. But I shall touch that
I point no further.
t He said that this land was poor and not worth
twenty cents per acre. That is the case with regard
to a part of it; but how much ? I have not time to
make estimates in detail; gentlemen can do that for
themselves. There are eight million eigh t hundred
and forty nine thousand acres of it. It was assert-
ed by the gentleman from Texas, and 1 do not dis-
pute it, that a portion was exceedingly poor. Let
us say that there are in round numbers, nine mil-
lion acres, and that one million acres was worth
five dollars per acre, that would make a claim of
$5,000,000 at once. The gentlemen who tell you
that so much of that land is poor, will inform you
at the same time that it is now divided off into
counties inhabited by thehappiest people, and hav-
ing some of the richest lands in the world.
The records of the Land Office show that the
lands wrested from the friendly and hostile Creeks
within the limits of Alabama were seven million
five hundred and thirty-one thousand acres, and
that they have yielded to the Government a reve-
nue, which is now in the Treasury, of $11,359,947.
That is the actual cash which we have received,
and which is now in the Treasury. The poor
pittance is now asked that you will allow them
twenty cents per acre on the lands which have
been wrongfully taken from them. In the next
place, there are remaining in Alabama six million
seven hundred and thirteen thousand acres unsold,
j worth, at our own regular estimate, $1 25 per
acre, #8,390,000.
The next tract is one of seven million five
hundred thousand acres, which li* within the lim-
its of Georgia, and which is worth, at $1 25 per
acre, $8,750,000. By the convention of 1802 with
Georgia, we were bound to extinguish the Indian
title in that State. When we extinguished the
Indian title there, by wresting it from them in the
