808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 23,
unjustifiable manner we did, we turned it over
Bin! paid it to Georgia, discharging to her a debt
wmoli we owed her. Of the lands which were
taken'from the hosttles in the State of Missis-
sippi, there were four hundred thousand acres,
which. at $1 05, would amount to $500,000. These
amounts taken together show a credit to the Uni-
ted Stales of $011,100,755 48. That is what we
have actually forced from these people.
In regard to the lands between Coosa and Talla-
poosa, the honorable gentleman from Texas says
that there were three millions of acres. I have a
map here with all the boundaries, and I have no
doubt of its correctness. If there be three mil-
lions of acres of land between the Coosa and Talla-
poosa, then we have cheated them again, and I
suppose we will never cease to do it. Here is
the plat of the lands, and I invite gentlemen to
look at it, and if there are three millions of acres
there, we must unquestionably have taken at least
six if not seven millions of acres under the treaty
of 1830, and we have paid for only five millions.
Time will not permit me to give the particulars,
but I will say that those Indians have against Gov-
ernment an additional claim in one case, amount-
ing to $3,439,000, which I have investigated, and
which would be adjudged to them before any court
of equity. They have also against you another
claim for the taking the lands lying south of the
Tennessee river, taken from the Cherokees nom-
inally, but proven, at the same time, by our
own Government, to be the lands of these same
Creeks. It amounts to millions; but time will not
permit me to give to the House the particulars in
relation to it, which I have obtained by thorough
investigation of the whole subject.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CH AIRMAN. The question first before
the committee is upon the motion made by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jo.ves,] to strike
out the first section of the bill.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will be now read
by sections for amendments.
The following clause was then read:*
" For the pay of clerk to su penntendent in California, per
act of 3d March, 1852, $2,500."
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 offer, under the instruc-
tions of the Committee on Ways and Means, the
following amendment, to come in at the end of
that clause:
For office rent, fnel, lights, and stationery for the Super-
intendent of Indian Affairs in Oregon, $2,41)0.
For traveling expenses of the Superintendent of Indian
Atfairs in Oregon and agents therein, §9,000.
For general incidental expenses of Indian surveys in the
State of California, $30,000.
For general incidental expenses of the Indian surveys in
the Territory of New Mexico, $10, 00.
For general incidental expenses of the Indian surveys in
the Territory of Utah, $10,U0U.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
The following clause was then read:
" For contingencies of the Indian Department, $36,500.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the end of that
clause. It is to carry out the law of 1837, and to
carry out the law of the last session, which has
been imperfectly executed. I ask that it be read,
and I can explain it in a moment.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
"That the Commissioner of Indian Affairs be authorized
to ascertain whether any Cherokee Indians were improp-
erly omitted in the census roll, as returned by David W.
Tiler, and therefore that he be authorized to appoint an
agent for that purpose, whose compensation shall not, in
any event, exceed §200, provided he shall deem it neces-
sary to do so, and that such Cherokees as be shall ascertain
to have been onuued, shall be entitled to receive, and shall
be paid from the Treasury, such sum under the per capita
distribution as they would have received if included in the
original census roll."
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg leave to remind the
committee that at the last session of Congress a law
was passed, to send out an agent to ascertain what
Indians there were in Georgia, Tennessee, and
North Carolina, and make a distribution of money
among them—a per capita allowance. The individ-
ual who was appointed under the act to take the
census, told me that he had not gone into one of the
counties, where he understood there were some
Indians. They sent evidence to show that there
were twenty-seven, who ought to have been in-
cluded in that censu* roll. I have evidence to that
effect furnished me by the'Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, and I also had a conversation with the
agent himself,who said he thought it probable that
they were entitled to the benefits of the act. But as
the agent had been unable to get their names, and
had not put them down upon the roll, the Commis-
sioner informs me that he does not feel at liberty to
put them down without some legislation. Instead
of simplv authorizinghim to put down the twenty-
seven Indians, each of whom is entitled to some
ninety dollars, as I suppose there may possibly
be other omissions in some of the adjoining States,
I have offered this amendment to authorize him to
put down such as ought to be included, and ap-
point an agent for that purpose, if it shall be deemed
expedient, whose compensation shall not exceed
two hundred dollars. Itis a very small sum, but it
is an act of justice which is due to these Indians.
We are bound by the treaty to pay them money,
and it is not their fault that the census-taker did
not get their names. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to it. 1 have evidence from the Commissioner
to show that some of these Indians I have men-
tioned ought to be included.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know whether this
proposition has been before the Committee on In-
dian Affairs. If it has, I should like to hear from
some member of the committee. It is entirely
new to me.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The proposition has not
been before the committee. I got this evidence
after the bill was reported. I mentioned it to some
of the members of the committee, and they sug-
gested that I should present it in this way. It is
a simple affair. If these Indians were entitled by
law to be enrolled by the census-taker, there is no
reason why the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
should not have them placed on the roll, and paid
• what we have engaged to pay them.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know anything of
the merits of the proposition, and from the manner
in which it was offered, I do not understand the
effect of the amendment. It is often the case that
propositions which come in this way, commencing
in a similar manner, establish principles that lead
to important consequences; and it does seem to
me that this proposition ought to have been be-
fore the Committee on Indian Affairs. If that
committee had recommended it, of course—not
having looked at it—I should have nothing more
to say.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I would ask
the gentleman whether there has not been made
what is equivalent to a census, so far at least as
[ the Cherokees are concerned ? It was about twelve
months ago.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That is the census to which
I refer.
Mr. JOHNSON. It must have been the whole
census.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It professed to be a full
census, and payment was made; and the Com-
missioner, though he is satisfied, from the evidence
on file, that these Indians ought to be included, !
does not feel at liberty to do it.
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a question of order,
and it is this: that this amendment makes an ap-
propriation for a private claim not authorized by
law.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the gentleman will recur
to the action of the last session, he will find that
there is a law directing the taking of the census,
and the payment of this money to the Indians.
If that law has not been executed, it is still com-
petent for us to carry it out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is disposed to '
decide that the amendment is in order, upon the
ground that it is carrying out the law of the last
session.
Mr. STANLY. I desire to say a word in re-
gard to this matter. I move to reduce the item
one dollar, in order that I may oppose the amend-
ment. I agree with what the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Ways and Means has said
as to the propriety of bringing an item in this
form. I understand that by that amendment we
cast censure upon the individual who took the
census. I think the amendment reads " improp-
erly omitted" these Indians, or something like
that. The chairman of the Committee on Ways
and Means properly made the remark, that before
the House votes such an appropriation the sub-
ject should come before the Committee on Ways (
and Means, Indians Affairs, or some other com-
1 mittee. There is a fight in my colleague's district
between the gentleman who took the census and
some person who has charge of the Indians.
There has been a quarrel between them for some
years. Before we cast censure upon this man
we should know the facts; and as no committee
has investigated the matter, 1 hope that the amend-
ment will not be adopted. Mr. Tiler, so far aa
my knowledge of him extends, is a gentleman of
high and unimpeached character.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have a right to reply to
my colleague's amendment. The agent told me
himself that he ought to have included these In-
dians, but as he did not do so, the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs did not feel at liberty to include
them. My colleague can find a letter from this
very individual, as I have been told by those who
have seen it, recommending that these Indians
should be put down in the census. The Commis-
sioner did not feel at liberty to do it himself, but
thinks that it ought to be done.
Mr. STANLY. My colleague proceeds upon
the ground that somebody told him something
that somebody did not know. It is improper for
us to legislate upon such statements as that. I
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. COBB. 1 move to increase the sum fifty-
dollars. I am prepared to say a word in behalf of
theamendment, without casting any reflection upon
Mr. Tiler. I believe him to be a man who has dis-
charged his duties faithfully, so far as he is ac-
quainted with them. I am satisfied that there was
an omission in my district; many Indians were
left out in consequence of his passing through the
country without their knowing that he was in the
country. There have been some ten or twelve
cases submitted to me since I arrived here, of In-
dians who claimed that they were entitled to the
benefits of that provision—cases in which I was
personally acquainted with the parties, and where
I know that they were entitled to it. I examined
the roils and found that they were not down. I
had a conversation with the Indian agent or Com-
missioner, who told me that they ought to be put
down. They did not meet him and give in their
names, and consequently they are entirely de-
prived of the benefits of the act heretofore passed,
providing forthat classof individuals. If the Com-
missioner had funds he would pay one family of
Indians in my district, as he is perfectly satisfied
that they are strictly entitled to-a certain amount.
Mr. HOUSTON. If I understand the original
amendment, it is indefinite. Every gentleman who
has paid any attention to these various Indian ap-
propriations, and especially to those cases that
assume the aspect of the present one, knows that
great frauds are sometimes committed. Now, I
should like to know what restriction there is in
that amendment' The census has been taken. It
is assumed to have been taken by this officer. He
acted under the responsibility of his appointment,
and, I presume, under oath. The presumption,
at least, ought to be that it was correctly taken.
But suppose it is defective, and we open the door
for the retaking of it, as this amendment proposes
to do, where will it stop ? Here are twenty-seven
persons in the district of my friend from North
Carolina, and ten or fifteen in my colleague's dis-
trict, and before you get clear of the provision that
it is now proposed to put in the bill, there is at
least a probability that the number may double or
quadruple. There is no telling where that amend-
ment will stop. Sir, I protest against incorpora-
ting a provision of that sort into an appropriation
bill without any examination by some committee
of this House.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cobb's
amendment to theamendment, and it was rejected.
The question recurred upon Mr. Clingman'«
amendment, and being put, it was decided in the
negative.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The clause in relation to Choctaws being under
consideration,
Mr. HOWARD offered the following amend-
ment:
That the authority of the Secretary of the Treasury to
examine the claims of Choctaws to reservations of lands
undpr the treaty of 1830, shall extend to all cases recom-
mended by either of the boards of commissioners appointed
to examine said claims, and his award in scrip shall be re-
ceived by tliem in full satisfaction of all their claims against
the Government, arising under said treaty, and the scrip
thus awarded shall be received as other warrants, and in
payment for any public lands subject to sale and private
entry.
