814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
quorum in the House. I move that the commit-
We di> now rise*
l i e question was put, and the motion agreed
ii —51, noes 47.
Tl.e commute* accordingly rose* and the Speaker
iu-tvni^ resumed the chatr, the chairman ^Mr. l o-
coi k^ reported tliat the Committee of the Whole
on 'he sr.ue of the Union had, according to order,
had me Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the hill of the House (.No. 333^ making
appropriations tor the current and contingent ex-
penses* of the Indian Department, and for fulfill-
ing treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes,
for the year ending June 30, 1854, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
Mr .CLARK,, i ask the unanimous consent of
the House that I be permitted to take up House
bill No. 44*2. It provides for regulating the district
couit of the United'States for the district of Iowa.
It is \ery necessary that the bill should pass du-
ring the present session.
Mr. JONES. I object; there is no quorum pres-
ent.
Mr. JENKINS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Air. CLARK. I do not yield the floor for that
purpose. Have I not the right to move to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of taking up the bill
I have indicated r
Mr. JONES. That motion cannot be made
when there is no quorum present.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the motion can be made but not acted upon.
Mr. CLARK. I submit the motion, and desire
to have it entered.
Mr. JENKINS. I move that the Houss do
now adjourn.
Mr. DANIEL. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the motion for a single moment, to allow me
to withdraw some papers from the files of the
House.
.Mr. JONES. I object.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to; and
The House adjourned till to-morrow at eleven
o'dock, a. m.
PETITIOX3, fcc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under the
rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. FAY : The petition of Augustus Towne and
others., of the town of Danvers, State of Massachusetts,
pnuing tor the passage of a bill now before Congress for
th** protection <>{ inventors and their asMsrnees.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of the Board of
Traiie of Philadelphia, asking a repeal ot the law of August,
r>-lati\e to the delivery ot certain slap letters.
B> Mr. ROBBING: The petition of B. Hamilton,
prfuwg for relief on certain portions of his contracts as
I site public printer.
Bv Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana : The petition of William J.
and other citizens of Indiana, for a grant of
public lands to aid m the construction of a railroad from
SprinctiHd, Illinois to Indmnapoli«, Indiana.
Bv Mr. I'ASTMAN : The petition of hj citizens of Li
fayette county, Wisconsin, for reduction of ocean postage
to two cenN on all letters of one half ounce and under.
B\ Mr. HEW; Joint resolution of the Legislative As-
sembly of the Htate of Iowa, asking Congress to remove
certain restrictions contained in the act granting lands to
aid in the improvement of the I>e  Moine- river.
Af-n. a joint resolution ot the Legislative Assembly of
tin Mite of Iowa, asking that the northern boundary of
th*  <• Half-Breed Tract,-' in Leecounty, iu said State, may
be surve>ed and established.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 24, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. C. M . Butler.
Mr. TOUCEY presented a petition of citizens
of New London, Connecticut, praying: an appro-
priation for a fog-whistle at Pine Island, in fish-
er's Island Sound; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of H. A. Kloffer, messenger
in the office of the Attorney General, praying com-
pensation tor services performed as a laborer in
that office; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
or Springfield, Massachusetts, praying that the
arm. ries of the United States may be placed under
the superintendence of civil instead of military
officers; which whs ordered to he on the table.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented thirteen memorials
of residents of the Danville land district, Illinois
praying that the land office for that district may
be removed from Danville to Urlmiia; which were
ret'eueil to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHARLTON presented the petition of
Le\i L. Hill, praying <I"U provision may be made
by special enactment to secure to him that protec-
tion in his method of Hillotypmg oljects 111 their
natural eolois, which the patent laws do not atl'oid ;
which was referred to tlie Committee 011 Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. FELCH presented a petition of citizens
of Michigan, praying the establishment of a daily
mail between Manchester and Grass Lake; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented the petition of
Hugh Wallace Wormley, praying a pension 011
account of a disability incurred 111 the Naval ser-
vice; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee 011 Mili-
tary Affairs, to which were referred the following
reports, petitions, &c., asked to be dischargtd
from the further consideration thereof; which was
agreed to:
Report of the Secretary of War, showing the
expenditures for contingencies of that Depart-
ment, its offices and bureaus, communicated Janu-
ary 27,1«53;
Report of the Secretary of War, showing the
names and compensation of clerks and other per-
sons employed in that Department in 1852, com-
municated January 27, 1853;
Message of the President of the United States
in relation to California claims, communicated
January 26,1852;
Petition of Enoch Steen;
Memorial of A. R. Woolley;
Petition of Dempsey Pittnian;
Petition of Rufus L. Baker;
Memorial of Alexander B. Hasson;
Petition of officers of the Army at Fort Adams,
Newport, Rhode Island;
Petition of Lieutenant Colonel Ewing and other
officers of the Army respecting sutlers in the
Army;
Petition of survivors and heirs of persons who
served in the last war with Great Britain, present-
ed the 19th instant;
Petition of P. A. Brown and others;
Document relating to Indian incursions in the
Territory of New Mexico;
Joint resolution in honor of Brigadier General
Nicholas Herkimer;
And from the further consideration of all sub-
jects referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and not reported on.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate, to which was referred the memorial of
J. Thomas, proprietor of the Irving Hotel, pray-
ing compensation for losses sustained in conse-
quence of the illness and death of Hon. William
Upham in his establishment, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee 011 Fi-
nance, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department for 1
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1854, re-
ported it with an amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which the subject was referred, reported
a joint resolution to amend an act entitled " An
act to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
license yachts and for other purposes," so that J
said Secretary be authorized to grant registers as
well as licenses; which was read twice and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. No j
amendment being proposed, it was reported to the I
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en- j
grossed for a third reading, read a third time, and j
passed. !
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the petition of Elias
P. West, asking compensation for his services as
district attorney in New Mexico, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
COMMITTEE ON ENGROSSED BILLS.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That an additional member be appelated on the I
Committee on Engrossed Dills, and that the appointment bo
made l>> the President [>10 /< 1'1
And Mr. Fitzpatrkk was appointed.
FALLS OF THE OHIO.
A motion by Mr. BRIGHT, that there be
printed, for the use of the Senate, two thousand
additional copies of the report of the Secretary of
War respecting a canal around the Falls of the
Ohio, was referred to the Committee 011 Printing.
WESTERN TOAL FIELDS.
A motion by Mr. BRIGHT, that there be
printed, for the use of the Seiiate, two thousand
additional copies of the report of the Secretary of
the Navy respecting the coal fields and coal nunes
on the western waters, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
LIEUTENANT MEIGs's REPORT.
Mr. BORLAND submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Revolved, That two thousand extra copies of Senate Ex-
ecutive document No. 18, heme the report of Lieutenant
Meigs on the subject of supplying 111 arid George-
town with ater, be printed ; five liuudred copies thereof
tor Lieutenant Meigs, one thousand for the city of Wash-
ington, and five hundred for the city of Georgetown.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Haves, its Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that it insisted on its disagreement to the
second and fourth amendments of the Senate to the
bill from the House of Representatives making
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending the 30th of June,
1854; that it had agreed to the conference asked
by the Senate, and had appointed Mr. Hibbard,
of New Hampshire, Mr. Outlaw, of North Car-
olina, and Mr. McMillin, of Virginia, a com-
mittee of conference on its part.
Also, that it had agreed to the amendment of
the Senateto the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill for the relief of Mary W.
Thompson..
Also, that it had passed the bill from the Senate
to regulate the terms of the district court of the
United States for the district of Iowa, with an
amendment.
LAND DISTRIBUTION BILL.
Mr. UNDERWOOD gave notice that he should,
after the Army appropriation bill was disposed of,
ask the Senate to take up and dispose of the bill
of the House of Representatives commonly known
as Bennett's land bill.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill from the House of Representatives
making appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending June 30, 1854.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. In the amendment adopt-
ed yesterday, providing for the payment of the
claims of the States of Georgia and Alabama, there
was a mistake of a date in regard to the passage
of an act. The 14th of August was put in instead
of the 16th. I ask unanimous consent to make
the correction.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection
that correction will be made.
There was no objection.
The PRESIDENT. The question pending is
on the amendment offered yesterday by the Sena-
tor from Ohio, from the Committee on Roads and
Canals, to add the following additional sections:
Sec.—. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War be, and he is hereby, authorized, under the direction of
the President of the United States, to employ such portion
of the Corps of Topographical Engineers, and such other
per-ons as he may deem necessary, to make such explora-
tions and surveys as he may deem advisable, to ascertain
the most practicable and economical route for a railroad
from the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean ; and that the
sum of (,r so much thereo! as may lie necessary,
be. and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to defray the
expense of such explorations and surveys.
Sec.—. Jlnd be it further enacted. That the engineers
and other persons employed in such explorations and sur-
veys, -diall be organized in as many distinct corps as there
are routes to he surveyed, and their several reports shall he
laid before Congress on or before the first Monday in Feb-
ruary, law.
Si r\ —. Jlnd be it further enacted. That 111 making such
explorations and surveys the engineers and other per-ons
employed under the authority of this act may he direcled
to acl in concert with any engineer!, employed bv anv indi-
vidual or individuals, association or associations, for the
same general object; and the Secretary of War is also author-
