1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
rized and required to receive proposals from individuals or
associations for the construction of a railroad between the
Valley of the Mississippi aiuUthe Pacific ocean, and to lay
the same before Congress at the next session.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, this is the amend-
ment originally offered by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Brodhead] to the Pacific railroad
bill, and modified upon my suggestion. As ori-
ginally offered by that Senator, it provided for the
examination of a single route for a railroad. It
wasrinodified upon my suggestion so as to require
the examination of as many routes as the Presi-
dent might think proper. It was further modified
so as to provide that in the examination of those
routes the engineers of the Government might be
directed, if the President should think fit, to act in
concert with the engineers of private companies,
who might wish to examine the same routes, and
requires the Secretary of War to receive proposals
for construction. A section is now added which
simply directs that the officers of the Government
•hall be divided into as many corps as the Presi-
dent shall select routes for examination, and it
provides further that their reports shall be made
and laid before Congress as early as the first Mon-
day in February next, so that it will be in the
power of Congress to act definitely upon the sub-
ject at the next session.
These are the general objects contemplated by
the amendment which I have the honor to submit
from the Committee on Roads and Canals. I do
not desire to detain the Senate by any extended
remarks on the character of the amendment, but I
do wfch to say that this amendment, in its present
shape, will accomplish all that I think it is possi-
ble for Congress to accomplish at this session. I
thought so at the outset; and although I was per-
fectly willing to give to the bill reported from the
Select Committee that degree of support which
was necessary to keep it before the body until it
should receive a shape satisfactory to its friends,
it was, nevertheless, my judgment from the be-
ginning that no measure of that sort could pass at
the present Congress; and it is my judgment now
that if we had adopted this amendment at an early
stage of the discussion, we should have saved a
great deal of time, and expedited the construction
of the road. I think it is the wise, the judicious,
and the expedient course to be pursued. In that
natter I have the misfortune to differ from a gen-
tleman for whose opinions I always entertain a
very great respect, and with whom it always gives
me pleasure to act, when I can, in consistency
with my principles,—1 refer to the Senator from
California, [Mr. Gwik.] He thinks that this is a
doubtful measure. I do not so regard it. I re-
gard it as a measure which if adopted at this ses-
sion, will certainly secure the commencement of
this road at the next session. It is emphatically
free from all objections of a sectional or copatitn-
tional character. We impose on the President
those duties which former laws have imposed upon
to him—the exploration and survey of routes, the
collection of information, and- the submission of
that information to Congress for its action. This,
in my judgment, is the proper function of the Ex-
ecutive Department of this Government. What
remains will be for the action of Congress; and if
it shall be fouild—as I trust it will not be found—
that the anticipation of some Senators on this floor
is realized, and that Congress is unable to select
one of these routes, then, with the whole informa-
tion before Congress, and before the country, the
question which Congress may find itself unable to
decide, can be referred to the President, who will
doubtless act under a proper sense of his respon-
sibility.
In offering this amendment the Committee on
Roads and Canals has followed the courte of for-
mer legislation. It will be found on reference to
the Army appropriation bill of 1849, that an
amendment was made appropriating $50,000 for
the same general objects contemplated by this
amendment. 1 do not know precisely the circum-
stances (though my friend from Texas, [Mr.
Rusk,] 1 believe; understands them perfectly well,
for it was on his motion that that appropriation
was incorporated in the bill) under which this
appropriation passed into the general fund, and
was never employed for the object designated.
Wow, four years afterwards, we propose to revive
this;appropriation, to increase it to a sufficient sum
to secure efficient action, and intrust the execu-
tion of the contemplated explorations, under the
J best auspices, to the incoming Administration. I
have no doubt that the duties which we devolve
by this amendment upon the President will be
faithfully performed; and that if it meets, as I
trust it will meet, the sanction of the Senate and
the House of Representatives, we shall have in-
formation before us at the next session which
will secure the earliest, speediest, and cheapest
completion of this grtat national work upon the
best possible route.
Mr. RUSK. The amendment, as I heard it
read, provides for explorations and surveys. I
would suggest to the honorable Senator that
"surveys' is too comprehensive a term. A sur-
vey, in the technical sense, would require perhaps
a great deal more labor than is anticipated by the
Senator. " Reconnoissance" would be the proper
word.
Mr. CASS. I think the word "survey," which
is a generic term, and allows the Department a
wide discretion, may as well be retained. "Re-
connoissance" israther a French term, and is cor-
rect; but I think, according to the amendment pro-
fiosed by the Senator from Ohio, we had better
eavethe word "surveys." That will give the De-
partment full power to make the survey more or
less accurate, to make it a strict survey, or only a
general reconnoissance, in order to ascertain the
character of the country. I think there is full dis-
cretion given by the amendment.
j Mr. RUSK. I think that the objects which we
have in view ought to be accomplished at a very
i early day; otherwise this may stand here as an ob-
jection in the way of any future action of Con-
gress. But I have observed, that when you begin
a job by the Government, it never is circumscribed,
or if so, it is barely circumscribed. You com-
menced to build the extension of the Capitol. Esti-
mates were made, but it was found as you went on
that the expense increased. So it is always, and
the time taken to execute a job of the Government
is always longer than that taken to execute a pri-
. vate work. This survey will require a great deal
of time, and a great deal of accuracy; for, accord-
ing to the amendment, I suppose it must be what
is absolutely and strictly a survey. The survey
of the Mexican boundary has gone on for three
< or four years and is not yet completed. Every-
body supposed that the original appropriation of
$150,000 would accomplish the whole work; but
it has now gone on for about four years. More
than half a million of dollars have been appropri-
ated and it is still not finished. Under such cir-
cumstances, I think the better plan would be to
provide simply for a reconnoissance. All that
is necessary, in the first place, is to ascertain
the topography of the country. An actual survey
for a railroad would take a very long while. If
this amendment is to amount to anything, all you
can ask is a generalreconnoisSanee. There is but
a short time allowed to accomplish the work, and
! within that time it will be impossible to make a
! perfect survey; and even if we did make a survey,
| those who are to invest capital for the construc-
j tion of the road would afterwards resurvey it. 1
do not, however, care a fig about the matter.
| Mr. HUNTER. I do not rise to argue the
merits of the proposition. There is no time for
that. But I merely wish to call the attention of
j the Senate to the mode in which it is now pro-
i posed that we shall legislate. If we put all these
| matters of controverted legislation upon the gen-
eral appropriation bills towards the close of the
session, when there is no time to debate them, is
it not manifest that we are coercing the minority,
i and forcing them either to adopt all the measures
! of legislation the majority may choose, or else to
stop the wheels of Government—one or the other?
j I ask if this is a fair course for one House to take
1 towards the other? Is it a fair course for the ma-
jority to take in relation to the minority? It
would be well to consider where this habit will
; lead us, for we cannot conceal from our notice the
| fact that it is constantly increasing. The end of
it will be that the whole legislation of the country
will be done upon the appropriation bills. I know
of schemes behind this—matters in controversy
which have been bitterly disputed—that will prob-
ably" be brought up and put upon this Army ap-
propriation bill. The consequence will be, that
when they go down to the House of Representa-
tives, if the Senate insist upon the amendments,
that body will either be coerced to take the will of
the Senate in relation to these matters, without I
any time to debate or consider the amendments,
or else to defeat the general appropriation .bills.
It seems to me that this is a dangerous system of
legislation. For myself, I will vote for none of
these propositions by which it is sought to add
matters of general legislation to the appropriation
bills. I will vote for no proposition except those
which legitimately belong to the appropriation
bills, which in this case is for the support of the
Army.
Mr. BUTLER. I agree with my friend from
Virginia, and 1 say now that this mode of legis-
lation is making the Congress of the United States
an irresponsible despotism of a naked majority.
Sir, what guards have a minority, if you legislate
in this way by attaching favorite projects to ap-
propriation bills, by making those bills'the vehicles
of the projects and plans of a majority on every
subject? The next thing will be, probably, that
we shall have a proposition to incorporate the
homestead bill upon an appropriation bill. And
suppose it were offered, ana amajority were to in-
sist upon it, where would it lead us? What secu-
rity have we under the Constitution of the United
States, if an arbitrary majority can use an appro-
priation bill to carry out their favorite projects ? I
am willing to meet this as a separate measure; and
I say with my friend from Virginia, that I do not
know but tha't I might vote for it with a slight
| modification. 1 might vote for it, but I will not
j vote for it in this unusual, and, in my opinion,
{ according to the spirit of the Constitution, uncon-
I stitutional mode of procedure. I find that I am
here with my hands tied in regard to the forms of
legislation, if this mode be adopted.
I have, however, other objections to the amend-
ment. Why should we associate our engineers
with the engineers of private companies, making
a joint-stock concern of it in the beginning? Why,
it looks like anticipating what is to be done; throw-
ing ourselves into the arms of corporations, open-
ing the mouth of this immense gulf, into which
everything is to flow. I know, Bir, if a majority
choose, they can go oh with this form of legisla-
tion. It ihay be very agreeable to them to-day,
but the guillotine which was invented by one man,
was used to make him a victim, and in turn they
may become the victims of this species of legis-
lation.
Mr. BELL. I hope that objection, at all events,
will not be persisted in, because I think there is
i a manifest propriety, in this case, in departing from
the general rules of legislation in regard to tack-
ing important measures of legislation upon appro-
priation bills, growing out of the late defeated
Pacific railroad bill, which bill its friends earnestly
hoped would have become a law during this ses-
sion. Hut it seems that so large a number of the
members of this body will insist on some further
reconnoisaances and surveys of the different passes
in the mountains, that it is not likely that anything
can be done at this or even at the next session of
Congress, though no great principle should be
standing in the way-of the construction of the
road. T hope, therefore, that the honorable Sen-
ators from Virginia and South Carolina will not
persist in their objection, unless they discover,
on close examination, that there is a very vital
principle covered up in the amendment offered by
the Senator from Ohio, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
I do not, however, see on what principle the
Senator from Ohio can offer this amendment,
because he was one of those gentlemen who, the
other day, were constrained, on the ground of high
principle, to exclude the appropriation of one dol-
lar of money out of the public Treasury for the
construction of a road within a State. Now, he
offers an amendment appropriating $150,000 for
reconnoisaances and surveys, not only in one
State where the road may be located, but in as
many different States as there may be different
routes proposed, and as the President may think
proper to designate. Now, if the honorable Sen-
ators from Virginia and South Carolina have not
thought of it, I wish to warn them that this is
the first insidious step in the progress that was
once made towards the establishment of a perma-
nent system of internal improvements, by the
construction of roads and canals through the
States. It was the. old practice to appropriate
$25,000 annually for surveys over the States, Jor
works of internal improvement, roads, and canals.
I warn them of thiir, for theptirpose of saying that
