1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
might be entirely evaded. Inasmuch, therefore,
as the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Wisconsin to the amendment offered by direction
of the Committee on Roads and Canals proposes
an additional appropriation, the Chair is ot opinion
that it is excluded by the rule. It does not at all
follow, because this amendment is excluded, that
the Senate are therefore obliged to take the amend-
ment proposed by direction of the Committee on
Roads and Canals just as it is, or to vote it down.
The Senate may, undoubtedly, if that amendment
be regularly before the body, enlarge, reduce, or
strike out all the appropriation which it contains.
Uider the rule, the Chair is clearly of opinion
that the amendment to the amendment is not in
order. Unless, therefore, there be an appeal from
that decision, the question before the Senate is on
the amendment offered by the Senator from Ohio.
Air. WALKER. In order to bring the ques-
tion of ray amendment before the Senate, I will
take an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The Senator
from Wisconsin takes an appeal from the decision
of the Chair that the amendment proposed by him
to the amendment offered by the Senator from
Ohio by direction of the Committee on Roads
and Canals is not in order. The question, then,
will be, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that the Chair
has reasoned so well in relation to his decision, it
would be useless to add anything to it. I concur
entirely in the opinion of the Chair. To adopt
any other construction would be, as he has said,
to nullify the rule.
Mr. RUSK. I regret extremely that I shall be
compelled to vote to sustain the decision of the
Chair, [laughter-,] not because it would not afford
me very great pleasure always to sustain the
Chair, especially the present occupant of it, but
because I regard the amendment offered by the
Senator from Wisconsin as being one of great
merit. I should not be prepared to vote for it if
it were in order in its present shape; but with an
alteration of a very few words I should be pre-
pared to vote for it, and would regard it as a prop-
osition of great importance.
Mr. HUNTER. As the question is one of im-
portance, I call for the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. WALKER. The question now before us
is, whether the decision of the Chair shall stand as
the judgment of the Senate. It would be well for
the Senate to reflect a little before they decide to
.sustain the Chair. I am inclined to think that upon
a little more mature consideration the Chair would
not make the decision. The decision amounts to
this in its operation: that when a committee has
submitted an amendment to a general appropria-
tion, it is entirely within the breast of the Presid-
ing Officer to say what shall be the character of the
amendment which shall be proposed to that amend-
ment of the committee. Now, by what rule shall
the Chair be governed ? By what criterion can
he be governed ? It is always parliamentary and
in order to move to amend a proposition, and it is
always in order to move a proposition which will
change entirely the character of the original one, so
long as the object is the same. Now, here is one
proposition made as the basis, or as an incipient
*tep, for the construction of a railroad to the Pa-
cific. I think that is the amendment. I propose
an amendment to it.
The Chair decides my amendment to be out
of order, because the 30th rule declares that an
amendment proposing additional appropriations
shall not be made to any general appropriation
bill, unless it is recommended by a standing com-
mittee. Yoti cannot be guided by any rule in this
matter. To say that my amendment proposed an
additional appropriation, is nothing more than is
proposed by the committee itself. It only changes
the amount. When Senators upon a committee
propose an amendment to a bill by saying we will
give §100,000, will you say I cannot propose to
substitute $200,000 ? Must we take the $100,000
when it is clearly the sense of the Senate that that
\?ould not be enough? It seems to me that the
Senate cannot sustain the decision of the Chair.
There is danger in it, and I regret exceedingly
that the point was somewhat hurried upon the
Chair.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not rise to argue the
question before the Senate, but to call the attention
of the Chair to a precedent in point, which, so
far as the action of the Senate at the Inst session
is concerired, settles the point. In the appropria-
tion bill, called the river and harbor bill, as it
cume from the House of Representatives, there
was a proposition for an appropriation of £50,000
for the removal of the Red river raft. That bill
was referred to the appropriate committee and re-
ported back with the amount of the appropriation
unchanged. When it was under consideration
here, upon my motion that amount was increased
to $100,000. An appropriation had already been
made in the bill. The amendment I offered was
simply the change of the amount. Now, if the
appropriation had not been in the bill, it would
not have been in order, under the 30th rule, for me,
on my own authority, to move the amendment; I
should have to get the authority of a committee.
But the committee reported an appropriation of
§50,000, and upon my simple motion to increase
it to £100,000, the amendment was received and
adopted, and thus amended, the bill was passed.
Mr. BUTLER. I concur entirely in the de-
cision of the Chair, and for the reasons given.
Now, I understand the rule to be founded upon
this ground: that nothing in the form of an amend-
ment proposing an additional appropriation to an
appropriation bill shall come here which has not
the sanction of the judgment of some standing
committee. Now, sir, to make the decision of the
Chair palpable, suppose that upon any amend-
ment offered by a standing committee, making an
appropriation of $100,000 for any national object,
1 should riseand offer an amendment foran appro-
priation of a private nature entirely; it will be seen
at once that the two propositions would be incon-
gruous, and not compatible with each other.
Mr. BORLAND. The ruleexpressly excludes
that.
Mr. BUTLER. I am only using that as an
analogy, because the Senator from Wisconsin has
introduced what is not germane to the bill. It is
foreign to the bill; and it is offered, not to carry
out the objects of the honorable Senator from Ohio,
but to introduce the homestead bill, upon a prop-
osition for a railroad from the Mississippi to the
Pacific.
Mr. WALKER. It is not the homestead bill.
Mr. BUTLER. It is the principle of the home-
stead bill to all intents and purposes. You are
introducing, to some extent, the elements of the
homestead bill, and therefore the amendment looks
to a different object, and also increases the amount.
Mr. BRIGHT. I admit that some embarrass-
ment might result from the supposed case put by
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin; but if it
should be so, it is the fault of the 30th rule, and
not attributable to the decision of the Chair. As
the 30th rule now reads, it is manifest that no
member of this body can introduce on a general
appropriation bill an amendment, unless it comes
within the provision of that rule—unless it be esti-
mated for by the head of some Department, unless
it be to carry out an existing law, or unless it be
by order of some standing committee. Now, the
honorable Senator from Ohio moves an amend-
ment from a standing committee. The Chair de-
cides that to be in order. The Senator from Wis-
consin moves an amendment to the amendment.
That motion would be in order were it not for the
30th rule; but in order to bring his amendment
to th^amendrnent within the rule, it must come
from a standing committee. I f it did come from a
standing committee, I suppose the Chair would
entertain it, but as it does Ytot, clearly it cannot be
entertained, until the 30ih rule be stricken out.
Mr. WALKER. I will propose to fill the blank
which is alleged to be an additional appropriation.
I propose to move to fill the blank with the amount
which is in the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The decision
made by the Chair has been rather misunderstood.
The Chair has not decided that when the amend-
ment comes properly before the Senate, as in this
case, by the direction of a standing committee, pro-
posing an additional appropriation to a bill, that it
is not in the power of any member to move to in-
crease or to diminish or strike out. That is clearly
in order; but the Chair has decided this, and he
adheres to his decision; that if an additional appro-
priation be moved by the direction of a standing
committee, it is not in the power of a member of
the Senate, on his own motion withoutsuch direc- j
tion, to move an amendment which contains an 1
additional appropriation to that, for the obvious
reason that if that can be done, the 30th rule
is rescinded. For example, a member of the Sen-
ate moves an amendment to a general appropria-
tion bill, which amendment proposes no appropri-
ation. Then, according to the proposition now
advanced, a member of the Senate can move to
amend that amendment by making an appropria-
tion, and then you would have the case, in defiance
of the rule, of an additional appropriation moved
without the direction of any standing commit-
tee. One member moves an amendment which
is ill order because it proposes no appropriation,
and then another member moves to amend that
amendment by making an appropriation.
Now it is perfectly obvious, if that can be done
that the rule of the Senate is abolished; but if
what is proposed here can be done, then undoubt-
edly that can also be done. Here is an amend-
ment offered under the direction of a standing
committee; and here is a member who moves an
amendment to thatamendment proposing: an addi-
tional appropriation. The Chair therefore con-
siders it simply as a question whether the 30th
rule of the Senate is in force or not. If it is in
force, certainly, to the Chair, the amendment of
the Senator from Wisconsin is not in order; and if
it is not in force, every amendment proposing an
additional appropriation is in order. Upon this
question the yeas and nays have been demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GWIN. I do not intend to dispute as to
whether the decision of the Chair is right or not.
But we are in revolutionary times. Weare turn-
ing round and round here every day, in regard to
these important measures, and I am exceedingly
anxious to have some chance to vote for any bill
in the shape of a Pacific railroad bill. I shall be,
therefore, compelled to vote against sustaining the
decision of the Chair. Not that 1 have examined
the matter, but with the hope that we may get in
some amendment looking towards the accomplish-
ment of the object.
The question " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate ?'' being taken
by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 40, nays 5; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bradbury, Bright,
Brodhead, Brooke, Butler, Cass, Charlton, Chase, Clarke,
Cooper, Davis, Dawson, De Saussuie, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodge of fowa, Douglas, Downs, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Geyer,
Hale, Houston, Hunter, Jones of Tennes.ee, Mallory,
lYfangum. Mason, Miller, Morton, Phelps, Rusk, Shields,
Smith, Spruance, Sumner, Toucey, Underwood, and
V.VIIer—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Gwin, Seward, Wade, and
Walker—5.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. WALKER. I took an appeal from the
decision of the Chair because I desired that the
Senate should fix the matter. I now propose my
amendment in a different shape, striking out the
third section. I now propose to strike out all of
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio, and to
insert my other two sections immediately before
that clause of his amendment which makes an ap-
propriation. My amendment is to n:ake the ap-
propriation proposed by the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio a separate section, and to in-
sert in lieu of the rest of the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio, the following:
That with a view to the ultimate construction of a rail-
road from some suitable point west of the Mississippi river
to some suitable point on the coast of the Pacific ocean, or
the eastern line of California, within the jurisdiction of the
United States, there shall be detailed from the Corps of
Topographical Engineers a sufficient force, whose duty it
shall he to proceed as soon as uractieable to select, survey,
locate, and mark, on the most proper and eligible ground,
a route not morelhan three hundred feet wide for said rail-
road, and to make and report to the Secretary of War a
inap ofsuch survey and location, together with an approxi-
mate estimate of the cost of construction ofsuch railroad.
Sec. — Jlnd be it further enacted, That as soon as
practicable after said route shall have been surveyed and
located, there shall tie surveyed, as the other lands of the
United States have been heretofore surveyed, six town-
ships wide on eilher side of said route, through the whole
extentof the public lands along such route, the even num-
bered sections of the lands so to be surveyed, except sec-
tions thirty six and sixteen, shall be granted and patented
by the United States, free of cost, in quantities not ex-
ceeding one hundred and sixty acres, to each person who
shall settle upon, occupy, and cultivate the same for one
year: Provided, That such occupant shall be the head of
a family, or if single, of the age of twenty one years or up-
wards, a citizen of the United States, or having declared
his or her intention to become such according to ine natu-
ralization laws of the United States; and lhe odd num-
bered sections of said lands shall be sacredly held and dis-
posed of for the ultimate construction of said railroad, and
the furnishing and equipment of the tame.
