820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
Then conies in the clause of the amendment of
the Senaior from Ohio, which makes an appropri-
ation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is tiporr die amendment of the Senator from Wi -
eonain to the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. ADAMS Do 1 understand that that amend-
ment is in order'
The PRESIDING OFFICER. What objec-
tion does the Senator make to it?
Mr. ADAMS. It seems to me that it is pre-
cisely the same amendment as that which was of-
fered before. I have no oojecuon, however. I
merely wish to know whether it is in order, be-
cause if it is,it involves the principlesof the home-
mend bill, upon which I hare some remarks to
"^The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChoirhas
no doubt that this amendment is 111 order under
the rul?. TheSlUh rule simply applies to amend-
n>enu proposing additional appropriations. A
memljerimy move to strike outany thing he pleases
and insert anything he pleases, except it be an ad-
ditional appropriation,
M r. A DA MS. The amendment under consid-
eration i understand to involve the principle of
ihe homestead bill. 1 haveprepared some remarks
noon that subject, and as it will be in order to
discuss that question upon this amendment, as it
involves the disposition of the public lands,! shall
take the liberty of commenting, to some extent,
■pon the various plans conneettd with the dispo-
sition of the public domain.
Mr CHASE. Do I understand that the Chair
decides the amendment of the Senator from Wis-
eonsin, in its present shape, to be in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is in order.
Mr. CHASE. Then, with very great respect
to the Chair, I must take an appeal from that de-
cision, and I wish to state the ground on which I
appeal. The Senator from Wisconsin introduced
an amendment setting apart a certain portion of
land for the construction of a railroad, and appro-
priating certain sections of laud to actual settlers,
connected with an appropriation of money. The
Chair ruled that amendment out of order under
the 30th rule, and the Senate sustained the Chair
in that decision. The Senator from Wisconsin
now introduces the same identical amendment,
but coupling it with the appropriation already in
the amendment submitted from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, and the Chair decides this
amendment to be in order. The result will be,
that if this amendment be in order, there can be
no objection to the introduction of any amend-
ment, provided the original appropriation contem-
plated by the committee be retained. The prac-
tical result will be lhat every species of new prop-
ositions may be introduced without the sanction
of any committee, by simply retaining: the appro-
priation which was sanctioned by the committee,
«nd diverting it from its original object and apply-
ing it to a new one. If that decision is right, the
first decision is nugatory.
Mr. HALE. J would be obliged to the Chair
if it would state the grounds of its decision. 1
have no doubt it can satisfy me and the Senate.
Mr. RUSK. I think I can see very clearly the
distinction between the two propositions. The
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin, as
first presented, provided for an additional appro-
priation, and that wasexcluded by the rule. His
amendment as now offered, takes the appropria-
tion proposed by the eommittee, and proposes to
divert it to a different obiect.
Mr. WALKER. Not a different object, but
to employ different means for the same object.
Mr. BUTLER. I must be permitted to say
that I differ from the Chair in regard to this point.
I think the Senator from Ohio has placed it in the
true point of view. When an amendment to an
appropriation bill comes from a standing com-
mittee, and has had the advantage of their delib-
eration, it comes here under the sanction of an
official judgment; but when that is diverted or
used for the purpose of having ingrafted upon it
•n amendment looking entirely to different ob-
jects, bat using the mere sum appropriated as the
means of tarrying out those objects, they are es-
sentially different. Now, analyze these proposi-
tions. I am not in favor of the amendment of the
Senator from Ohio; but he introduced an amend-
ment  o appropriate a certain sum, §150,000, to |
accomplish a particular object. The honorable '
Senator from Wisconsin introduces an amend-
ment to appropriaie the same sum to effect a dif-
ferent objrct, and in a very different way, and
perhaps in a way that might be very objectionable
to some persons-, for, as 1 understand, he intro-
duces an amendment not only to give public lands
for the purpose of making a railroad, but to give
the alternate sections, and to give the remaining
alternate sections to actual settlers, and to for-
eigners at that. So that the object of the amend-
ment is entirely different from that indicated by
the committee. The propositions are entirely dif-
ferent in their nature, and it seems to me must be
so regarded.
Mr. CHASE. In order that the sense of the
Senate may be clearly ascertained on these two
propositions, I will ask for the yeas and nays.
Trie yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. 1 wish to repeat my desire that
the Chair would slate us reasons for its decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Bapuer.]
The Chair will state to the Senate the reasons
upon which this decision is founded. It will be
observed, in the first, place, that there is no rule of
the Senate by which amendments to any proposi-
tion before this body can be excluded on the
ground of irrelevancy. That is clear. Accord-
ing to the general parliamentary law, it is not a
question of order to be decided by the Presiding
Officer, whether an amendment is relevant or not,
whether it be an amendment to an original bill or
an amendment to a proposed amendment. Any
Senator may move any matter, however foreign
or inconsistent with the provisions of the bill or
subiect before the Senate, as an amendment, if he
pleases. If its irrelevancy be an objection, it is
for the Senate to decide by voting it down. It is
not a question of order.
That being so, it is clear that the amendment
which is now moved by the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin to the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, could have been moved by him as an
amendment to the bill itself. It is an amendment
which it is in the competency of any member of
this body to move to this bill, because no other
objection could be taken to it than that it is not
relevant to the subject before the body. It has al-
ready been shown that that is not an objection that
can be decided by the Chair as a point of order.
If it can be moved as an amendment to the bill, no
possible reason can be assigned why it cannot be
moved as an amendment to another amendment to
the bill, since the only objection to it as an amend-
ment to the bill is lis irrelevancy, which is found
to be entirely unavailing; and there is no greater
reason why an irrelevant amendment to an amend-
ment may no', be made than an irrelevant amend-
ment to a bill. Therefore the difficulties or in-
conveniences supposed by Senators to exist in
considering this amendment in order, are no more
than the inconveniences or difficulties which exist
in regard to every irrelevant amendment proposed
to any measure before the Senate.
The rule of the Senate applies to nothing but
appropriations. An amendment proposing an
additional appropriation cannot be moved to a gen-
eral appropriation bill, unless in one of the five
cases mentioned in the 30th rule; but if an amend-
ment proposes no appropriation, any member can
, move it. Now, the Senator from Ohio proposed an
amendment for causing certain explorations to be
made, and appropriating a certain sum of money
to execute the purpose directed by that amend-
ment. That amendment would not have been in
order if offered by the honorable Senator from
Ohio on hisown motion, but it is in order,although
it makes an appropriation, because it is moved by
direction of a standing committee. W hat is there
in that amendment which required the sanction of
a standing committee? Nothing but the clause
making an appropriation. Every other part of it
the honorable Senator had a right to offer without
the sanction of a committee. Therefore it is just
as competent for a member of this body to move
to strike out everything from that amendment
but the appropriation, as it would be to move to
strike out any other part of the amendment. He
can move to strike out the appropriation. He can
| move to reduce it. He can move to increase it.
|| The rule prevents him from doing nothing in the
j| world bat from moving «n additional appropri-
The Chair sees, and of course everybody sees,
the inconvenience and difficulties that may be in-
volved in thus changmgthe pHrpose of the amend-
ment; but it is no greater than the HicBiivenienoe
that may arise from ehnngirig the purpose of a
bill. As there is no parliamentary law which ex-
cludes an amendment on tliegiouml of irrelevancy,
and as the proposed amendment makes no appro-
priation, the Chair eannot see—however inconve-
nient it might he, h.iwever mischievous it might
be, for the Senate to adopt an amendment of thi 
kind upon this amendment and incorporated upon
the bill—how it can be mled out on a question of
ord er.
Mr. HUNTER. I concur in alf that the Chair
has said, up to a certain point. There is one diffi-
culty, however, whieh 1 bate to winch the Chair
has not referred, and it is this: The amendment
does propose an additional appropriation of public
lumls. I should like to hear the Chair on tlmt
question; for if he can remove my doubts on that
point I will go with him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Upon that sub-
ject the Chair has never supposed that the rule Of
the Senate applies to the disposiiion of the public
lands at all. It is a rule restrictive of the right of
making amendments to the general appropriation
bills. The meaning of the rule, therefore, must be
ascertained by reference to the subject-matter to
which it relates. The general appropriation billa
are bilte appropriating money to carry on the op-
erations of the Government, and "additional ap-
propriations"—that is the term used in the rule—
must be understood to mean additional appropria-
tions of the same kind, to wit: of money. 1 may
be wrong about it, but I entertain a very clear
opinion on the subject.
Mr. CHASE. I regret very much that the
question was not taken upon the amendment of
the Senator from Wisconsin without any points
of order being raised; but, since points of order
have been made, it is quite desirable that the Sen-
ate should be consistent with itself. 1 have the
misfortune of differing from the Chair as te the
true import of this 30th rule, and I wish to state
to the Senate, in a very few words, my un-
derstanding of it. The rule provides that " no
amendment proposing additional appropriations
shall be received to any general appropriation
bill," except under certain circumstances. The
Senator from Wisconsin proposed an amendment
which did contain within it a proposition for an
appropriation. That the Chair ruled out of order,
and the Senate, by a vole very nearly unanimous,
sustained the Chair in that decision. The Senator
from Wisconsin now offers the very same amend-
ment, without changing a sentence, a word, or a
letter, but connects it with the appropriation con-
tained in the original amendment. Now, the
question is, whether this amendment is in order,
the former amendment not being in order. That
is the syriple question.
What is the intent of this rule? To guard the
Senate against legislation upon appropriations
merely without objects ? Clearly not. The ob-
ject of the rule is to guard the Senate against the
consideration of propositions containing appropri-
. atious which have not been examined by one of
the standing committees, and, of coarse, have not
received their sanction. The words of the rule, it
is true, are, " No amendment proposing additional
appropriations " Upon a very strict and technical
consideration, it might be held that no amendment
which does not in itself propose an appropriation,
can be objected to under the rule. But when we
look at the obvious sense of the language, when
j we look at the plain intent of the rule, is it not
perfectly clear that the object of the Senate was to
j guard itself against propositions which require
appropriations, and which will be necessarily in-
complete and valueless without them ? Now, sup-
pose the Senate should agree to the proposition of
the Senator from Wisconsin: what would be the
effect? The moment it is agreed to, it will oontain
within itself an appropriation, precisely the iden-
tical appropriation of the original amendment; and
thus, at the very moment of agreement, it beconys
an amendment within the exact prohibition of the
rule. I do not wiBh to consume time. I have
stated succinctly the views which decide my judg-
ment.
Mr. BUTLER. I have said that I concur very
much in the views taken by the Senator from
Ohio, and I am confirmed in them. I cannot see
