1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
821
ha* we on separate an approbation from its
■object. A mere vague appropriation, without an
•object, would be an anomaly in any legislation, 1
presume. Take this case: An amendment waa
tnoved m the recommendation of a standing com-
mittee to appropriate Imrfraih of thousands of
dollars for fortifications. Suppose some mem-
bar should move to adopt that appropriation for
the purpose of making a donation to the Bremen
line or the Collins tine of steamers, would it not
be an entirely different appropriation-? Suppose
there was a proposition to appropriate #300,000 to
build fortifications at Charleston, or Philadelphia,
or any other place, and a gentleman moved to strike
-out the preposition for a fortification at Charles-
ton or Philadelphia, and substitute in lieu of it
$300,000 as a bounty to steam lines, or as a means
«f carrying oat some favorite enterprise, or to en-
<dow a corporation. Yon cannot separate the ob-
ject from the appropriation. The mere money is
not the appropriation. The object and the money
mast be connected together, and they are indisso-
iuhly connected. If an amendment proposing
$150,600 is moved for one purpose, and a preposi-
tion is made to retain the amount, but fixing a dif-
ferent object and a different purpose, it is a differ-
ent appropriation, according to my view.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
make a single additional statement, which, in its
•opinion, must put the question free from every
sort of doubt. If the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio was part of the original bill now before
the Senate, it is beyond all dispute that any mem-
ber might move to strike out thie purpose of the ap-
propriation and pot in another. If that can be
done with regard ts the original bill, human inge-
nuity cannot contrive a reason why it cannot be
done upon an amendment. It is a mistake of the
-Senator from Ohio to suppose that the rule of the
Senate excludes amendments which may produce
* charge upon the Treasury. It dees not. Amend-
ments may be moved here to enlarge the salaries
■of officers. They may be moved here for any
and every purpose which may ultimately bring a
«harge upon the Treasury, if the amend men t does
•ot propose ai actual appropriation. It m true,
mischiefs may arise; but it seems to the Chair that
if the view of the Senate were kept solely and
simply upon the point of order, entirely unconnect-
ed with other matters, there could be no difficulty
about the question. If we come to our individual
preferences for measure*, the Chair will take oc-
•ension to say that there is no member of this body
more totally opposed to the homestead bill now
proposed to be incorporated.
' But the question for the Chair to decide is not
whether he is in favor of that measure, but whether
it is in order to move it as an amendment to the
amendment. The Chair is of opinion that it is in
rtrier. An appeal is taken from the decision of
the Chair, and the question therefore is, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
ithe Senate r" and on that question the yeas and
Mays have been ordered.
The question' being taken, resulted—yeas 25,
•ays 10; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bell, Borland, Brad 
tmry, Cass. Davig, Fitrpatrick, Foot, Geyer, Gwio, Hale,
Houston, Jnaes of Iowa, Miller, Morton, Phelps, Rask,
Seward, Shields, Smith, Underwood, Wade, Walker, and
lef—4$.
NAYS—Messrs. Brooke, Batter, Chariton, Cbue, Daw-
son, De Saossare, Jones of Teaueasee, M allory, Spruaoce,
aad Stunner—10.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. ADAMS then addressed the Senate at
length, contending that the amendment contained
aU the principles of the homestead bill, and de-
nounced that measure as improper and irreconcil-
able with the Constitution.
Mr. CHARLTON followed, and was very
severe on the homestead bill, and ridiculed the
idea of its title, which waa to encourage agricul-
ture, &e.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, next addressed the Sen-
ate in defease of the homestead bill, declaring its
principles to be in harmony with republican insti-
tutions.
(The speeches of Mr. Adams, Mr. Charlton,
4Bd Mr. OoDGt. will be found m the Appendix.]
-Mr. BUTLER. I have something to say on
this subject, but I shall notsay iton this occasion,
1 (bail reserve it to the time whenthe homestead
hill comes up regularly. I think fairness requires
Mr. PETTIT. I do not rise to discuss this
question now, but simply to say that on some ap-
propriate occasion I shall give my views upon the
homestead bill. Strange and arrogant as it may
appear, 1 desire to say that when I speak, 1 desire
to address the Senate of the U nited States, and not
thepeople of the United States elsewhere. When
I desire to address them, I will take the proper
steps to do so. The day is now too far advanced,
ana the Senate is too thin. When, however, the
homestead bill shall come up, I shall desire to ad-
dress the Senate upon it.
Mr. WALKER. I have some regret that a
discussion upon the homestead bill has come up
upon the amendment which I offered. For one,
when that subject is properly before the Senate, I
propose, if no one can be found to do it better, to
cross lances with those gentlemen who object so
strongly to it, to see which shall have the better of
it; but this is not the occasion for doing that. The
proposition now before the Senate partakes scarcely
of a feature of the homestead bill. What is this?
So far as the donation-principle in it is concerned,
even that does not partake of the feature of the
homestead bill. The homestead bill proposes to
give to the landless a certain quantity of land with-
out any reference to where it is selected, whether
in one section or another. But, in point of fact,
this proposition is nothing more nor less'than a
plan by which the Government appreciates one
half of its lands so that the.remainder will sell for
more than the whole, and reserving to itself the half
to constitute the basis for the construction of a great
public highway. That is all that there is about it.
There is nothing in it about the landless. There is
nothing in ilabout giving away-the land without an
object to be accomplished on the part of the Govern-
ment under it. I have said that it would be a
great advantage to those who may settle the land.
I say so yet. But they may own thousands and
tens of thousands of acres of land elsewhere if they
please, and still may go there and take advantage
of the privilege of settling the land, and have all
the advantage they will obtain by it. The Gov-
ernment takes care, however, to reserve to itself
the principal benefits that are to result from their
settlement. It reserves to itself the extra value
which will be given to its own land, and that land
is to aid in the construction of the railroad.
Take the whole of that land now, and suppose
you offer it at public sale. Take a strip of thirty-
six miles wide, and sell the whole of it, what would.
it sell for? I will venture to say that you could
not sell it for eighteen cents an acre. Mow, fence I
in one half of it as an improved farm, and then
offer the residue, and out of it you will raise money
to-eonstruct a railroad. That is the proposition.
There is scarcely a feature in it similar to that con-
tained in the homestead bill; and it is astonishing
that gentlemen have so elaborated the subject of
the homestead bUl. The ameridtnent proposes, in
place of appropriating money out of U e Treasury,
to derive a-benefit to the Government through its
ublic lands, making them the capital and the
asis for the construction of the road. It has an
end and an aim. If fyowpJewe, it has a specula-
tive aim and end in view. That is what my propi
osition is.
Now, sir, what in the other proposition? The
other is not to take measures to improve the
public domain and increase its value to make a
road, but to authorize a survey, and to receive
bids for the construction of the road, evidently
anticipating this result;, that the Government
would appropriate out of its Treasury its dollars,
to make the road. If we can settle the country
and increase the value of the lands, so that they
will constitute a fund, is it not a better plan ? It
seems to me that it is, and I cannot for my life see,
if the homestead bill be the bugbear which some
gentlemen seem to think it is, that it should be raised
up here to frighten Senators from their propriety
and their support of my proposition. Suppose
you discard this proposition, what will be the re-
sult? I will tell you what I think; you will do:
you may discard itntfw, and discard it the next
session, and the next session after that, and you
will at last come to it; for, mark my words, the
people are never going to justify the appropriation
of one hundred or two hundred millions of dollars,
directly out of the Treasury, to make a railroad
to an unguarded and unprotected territory. By
my propositi®® you will distribute your labor;
you will distribute yew suppl y; you will distrib- 1
1
*bi
ute your manufactures; and yon can get the
means all through the settlements of making
Kwja*L.i_  n „ .j i MJ;  '11 _
bridges, establishing mails, and-building villagei
In all these various and multiplied forms, you in
crease the value of the lands reserved, ana obtain
a princely fund for the construction of the road;
and yet, sir, the proposition is sneered at. Yon
may do so, gentlemen, but I shall stand by it. I
shall say nothing upon it. I shaH vote for it most
cheerfully. It is nothing more nor less, with a
slight modification, than the bill which I intro-
duced three years ago for the construction of the
Pacific railroad—I believe the first that ever was
introduced into Congress for that object. I think
I can claim to be one of the earliest, if not the very
first, friends of the object; and this was the basis
upon which I then proposed to construct the road.
If that had been done then, we should bow have
been three years ahead, and before this the road
would have been surveyed and located, the lands
surveyed, and a great portion of them settled; and
the alternates reserved to ourselves, by this time,
would have been worth from three dollar* to five
dollars per acre, making a fund sufficient to com-
plete the road. But if these good effects were not
produced, as suggested by the Senator from Ar*
kansas, we do not lose the land. We have the
land if we never make the road, and at a greater
value. You could sell the reserved alternates for
more than you can now sell the whole. If yon
should even hereafter abandon the proposition,
you will have a larger sum reserved than you now
have for the whole. And what have you been
doing in regard to railroads? It is not new. You
have heretofore granted alternate sections of land
for the construction of railroads; and we have had
it proclaimed here, on the first authority, that upon
the practice of granting one half and reserving the
other, you have sold the reserved half at an aver-
age of seven cents per acre more than you would
have got for the whole of it under the present ar-
bitrary plan of selling at fl 35 per acre. And let
me make another remark: If tne purchases that
were made along the line of the lllinpis Central
railroad had been carried out in full, you would
have got upwards of two hundred per cent, more
than otherwise. Why is that so ? When the lands
were offered, the purchasers came forward aad the
average sale was $6 30 per acre, but when they
did this, they all got together, combined, and re*
solved that they would give but $2 50 per acre.
They united into a combination; the bids were
thrown up, and finally they came forward and bid
them all off, with the exception of a few tracts, at
$2 50 per acre. Now, gentlemen, discard this
proposition; but when you have done it, you have
discarded the only plan, and allow me to say to
my friend from Virginia, the only constitutional
glan, that ever has been, and probably ever win
s, proposed for the construction of a railroad to
the Pacific.
Mr. H ALE. If (his is not a very long amend-
ment, I should like to have it read; but if it is very
long I will not insist upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is. Mt vary
ulr. HALE. . I remember once being in the
Secretary's offire endeavoring to find ft remark of
a distinguished Senator, not now a member of
this body, on a givert subject. You, sir,happened
to be there, and suggested to me that it would b«
a fruitless search, for the subject upon which the
speech was made, or the name of the man who
made it, would give no sort of clue, for the re-
mark might have been made upon an entirely for-
eign subject, or inserted as an episode in some-
body else's speech. I thought that might be
owing to the eccentricity of the orator; but I con-
fess my experience to-day confirms me in the
opinion that it was not so. I was not in the Sen-
ate Chamber when the amendment was read; but
I have listened attentively to thespeech made by the
distinguished Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Charl-
ton,] and that of the zealous advocate* of the
homestead bill from Iowa, [Mr, Dodge,] and I
confess th&t I was astonished beyond measure
when the Senator from Wisconsin got up. and to Id
us that the homestead bill was not before the Sen-
ate, or anything like it. I thought from the dis-
cussion which had taken place by thesegentlemeni
who are not in the habit of throwing themselves
recklessly and carelessly before the Senate, and
who speak in measured words with great propriety
mil pertinency, that the subject was before the
