822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
Senate. I thought in listening to them that I had
some proof of what was before the Senate, but if 1
what the Senator from Wisconsin says is true, I
was altogether mistaken. The homestead bill,
and nothing like it, is before the Senate for its
consideration. 1 had intended to answer one or
two questions which the Senator from Georgia
proposed; but I really do not wish to trespass
upon the time of the Senate, nor upon my own
time either. [Laughter.] My time here is very
short; and so is that of the Senator from Georgia.
[Laughter.] I therefore do not feel much dispo-
sition to put off to a later day the opportunity of
addressing the Senate, for fear that it would be at
bo late a day that I should not be in a condition
to address them when the opportunity comes. If
the project of giving lands to landless men is in-
volved in the measure which is before the Senare,
I have a word or two to say upon it, and I will
assume for the present that there is something of
that sort before the Senate, or else I know that
my very proper friend from Georgia would not
have indulged in the remarks which he did.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inform the Senator that there is not one word in
the amendment about giving lands to the landless.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. I think there must be something
hidden of that sort if it is not expressed, because
I know that those gentlemen would riot have al-
luded to it unless there was good reason for it. I
confess I am staggered in this conviction by the
suggestion of the Chair. If I thought that sug-
gestion was an intimation that a speech from me
would not be opportune at this time, I should cer-
tainly submit.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. HALE. I did not know that there was
any decision made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was Jhat
there is nothing in the amendment in relation to
giving land to the landless. [Laughter ] J
Mr. HALE. As that is an immaterial issue
upon which no judgment follows, I do not wish ,
to take an appeal; but, sir, this project of giving
land to those who are to cultivate it is an old one,
and the wisdom and policy of it has been advo- '
cated by a man who has been styled the wisest if |
he was the meanest of mankind—that is Lord Ba-
con. I suppose that I could not make a better ,
speech than Lord Bacon would if he were here, i
and I beg the indulgence of the Senate to read an
extract from one of his works upon this very poli-
cy of giving land to those who cultivate it. Speak-
ing of the good laws that were made in the reign
of the good Henry VII., he remarks as follows
upon one of them:
"The ordinance was: 'that all houses of husbandry
' thatwere used, with twenty acresof ground and upwards,
'should be maintained and kept up forever, together with
' a competent proportion of land to he used and occupied
'with them and in nowise to he severed from tiiem, as
by another statute, made afterwards in his successor's tune,
was more fully declared. This upon forfeiture to betaken,
not by way ot popular action, but by seizure of the land
itself by the King and lords of the fee, as to half the profits,
till the houses and lands were restored. By this means the
houses being kept up, did of necessity priforce a dweller;
and the proportion of land for occupation being kept up,
did of necessity enforce that dweller not to be a beggar or
cottager, but a man of some substance, that rnigliMceep
hinds and servants, and set the plow on going. This d.d
wonderfully concern the might and mannertiood"ofthe king-
dom, to have farms as it were of a standard, sufficient to
maintain an able body out of penuiy, and did in effect
amortize a great part oi the lands of the kingdom unto the
hold and occupation of the yeomanry or middle people, of
a condition between gentlemen and cottagers or peasants.
"Now, how much this did advance the military power of
the kingdom is apparent by the true principles of war and
the examples of other kingdoms. For it hath been held by
the general opinion of men of bpst judgment in the wars
howsoever some few have vaned, and that it may receive
some distinction of case, that the principal strength of an
fn&Xt™"*.1 1-m.lhe l"fanlr>' or ft,ot- A"<i to make good
infantry, it requiretb men bred, not in a servile or indigent
ln soniR anrt Plentiful manner. Therefore,
if a State run most to noblemen and gentlemen, and that the
hunbandmen and plowmen be but as their workfolks and la-
borers, or else mere cottagers, which are but housed beg-ars
you may have a good cavalry, but nevergood stable bands of !
foot like to coppice woods, that ifyoi, leave in them staddles
too tlnck, they will run tobnshes and briars, and have), til
clean underwood. And this is to be seen in Prance and
Italy, and some other parts abroad, where in effect all is
noHlesse or peasantry. I speak of people out of town'
and no middle ppople, and therefore no good forces of foot -
insomuch as they are enforced to employ mercenary bands I
?iri, i er?' a ' tor "1eir battalions 0f fbot !
Whereby, also, it coines to pass, that those nations have
much people and few soldiers. Whereas, |t,c ktn« saw '
that contrariwise it would follow, that England, though '
I much less in territory, yet would have infinitely more sol-
diers ot their native lorces than tho>e oilier nations have.
Thus did Ihe king secretly sow hvdra'.- teeth ; whereupon,
according to the poet's fiction, should rise up armed men lor
tne somce ol this kingdom."
It was wise in Lord Bacon's time, and it has
been wise ever since. There is no other way by
which you can nmke a nation sostrong, so formi-
dable, as to give the great body of the people an
interest in the soil; so that when an American
army approaches their enemies, they may be
pointed out, as they have been on a former occa-
sion by the leader of the opposing host, who turns
to his soldiers and says: " The owners of the land
have come." When your armies are composed of
owners of the land—and that will be when you
give the land to them—you will raise up the most
invincible force with which it is possible a nation
can bedefended. Therefore, as a means ofstrength,
and as a means of great power, by which the lib-
erty and fortunes of the country are to be defended,
thete is no possible way by which you can do so
much as by gi\ insr the lands to those who ai e will-
ing to go on to them, for they will feel then that
they are fighting for the common stock and the
common lot.
Let me address myself to another idea, which
I look upon as a very erroneous one. People talk
about the Government giving land to the people.
It will do very well to talk about that in England.
It will do to talk thus under a monarchy. But
what is the Government of this country? Where
does it live? Have any of you ever seen the Gov-
ernment? The Government of the country is the
people. Those are the people upon whom it is
proposed to bestow the largess. That is the real
Government here; and those gentleman who call
themselves the Government, and talk about giving
—why, sir, they talk about giving, as Colonel
Bane told the British Parliament, when they un-
: dertook to assess taxes upon these American colo-
1 nies without their consent—" You undertake to
J give a grant to his Majesty of that which you do
; not possess." That was very much the way I
remember to have heard a distinguished clergyman
speak while discoursing upon the story m the New
Testament of the temptation, when the devil took
the Savior up into an exceeding high mountain,
and showed him all the kingdoms of the world,
and the glory of them, and said unto him: "All
these things will I give thee, if thou wilt fall down I
and worshipme " " Why," says he, " thepoor 1
devil promised what he had not got to give." So
it is here with this Government. They talk about
giving to the people—what? Their own lands.
We own it, do we not? How much is your share,
Mr. President ? You talk of giving it to the peo-
■ pie. Why, the people own it, and they simply
come in and ask that they may have it.
I will now answer one or two questions which
the honorable Senator from Georgia asks. He
asked how this is to encourage agriculture, com-
merce, and manufactures ? How is it to encourage ,
(agriculture? It is by giving agriculturists some-I
thing to practice agriculture upon; and, by the j
way, my honorable friend made a profession of
ignorance upon the subject' rtf kgriculture which t
think was rather Pickwickian. I think he is not '
so entirely ignorant upon this subject as he would
have us to believe from the remarks which he
made. If he is, I can tell him he is an exception
to the general rule. It is to benefit agriculture by !
giving to a great and vast number of practical ag-
riculturists something to practice upon. In that ;
way it is to benefit agriculture. How is it to benefit '
commerce? It is to benefit commerce by giving
to those who have nt)t the means of purchasing
the articles of commerce, the means by which I
they can buy them. It is to multiply the con- |
sumers; to increase the national wealth. How is
it to benefit manufactures? It is to benefit manu- |
factures by increasing the number of consumers, j
and giving to them something with which they can !
pay the manufacturers for the articles of their
manufacture. This is the way in which it is to j
benefit agriculture, commerce, and manufactures. I
And how is it to benefit all other branches of
industry? By increasing the means by which the
products of industry may be bought and paid for
and enjoyed. It is to benefit all branches of in- !
dustry—commerce, manufactures, and agriculture, ;
by spreading abroad, wide-cast over the land, the j
[ means of happiness, the means of comfort, the j
| means of progress, the means of wealth. It is to
I increase them by taking the poor man, the house- '
, less man, and converting him into a householder,
, a landholder, and a man of substance, comfort,
I and wealth. It is to benefit manufactures, com-
merce, and agriculture, by going into the abodes
of poverty, of want, and of wretchedness, and ex-
tending the hand of sympathy and kindness to
the downtrodden and oppressed—provided they
are of the right complexion—and taking them up
and placing tliem in situations where they may
achieve for themselves, and those who are to suc-
ceed them, comfort, and progress, and wealth, and
in this way it is to benefit all the branches of in-
dustry that pertain to civilized and social life. It
is to spread abroad everywhere, all through the
land, the means of acquiring, possessing, enjoy-
ing, and transmitting to those who are to come
after us the blessings which flow from the feeling
of independence imparted to those individuals by
giving them a place upon which they may stand
and say that it is theirs. How is it now?
Sir, a great many of the individuals proposed
to be benefited, look upon this fair earth upon
which they have been born, and on which they
live, with a feeling that they have no other right
and no other title except to that narrow place
which they shall occupy when they are in their
graves. It is taking them and raising them up to
a feeling of independence which they will feel and
will enjoy-when they have acquired what we
propose to let them have; and when you have
done that, you will have made this nation as im-
pregnable in strength, as it is possible to conceive
a society and Government to be. You will have
bound every citizen in the land, every resident—
no matter whether he be born upon 'he soil or
driven to your shores by the oppression of the
Government from which he has fled—you will
bind him by the affections of his heart as by hooks
of steel to the Government of his adoption and
his choice. And more than that, sir: by doing this
you will diffuse the light of civilization. It takes
refinement and progress to those whose only light
to-day is misery, degradation, indigence, penury,
and ignorance. You do this; and, sir, the fables
of eastern fiction and romance never have attribu-
ted to the magician's wand so potent a change as
will be effected when you unlock the coffers which
hold your immense treasures from the possession-
of the people, who have a right to them, and say
to them, go and fulfill in your day and generation-
that which by some has been called a curse, but
which, under the good providence of God, turns
out to be a great blessing, and that is, to cultivate
the land, and in the sweat of your brow eat your
bread. Sir, it is not a curse—it is a blessing; and
it has been so turned by the good providence of
God. Why do you keep those lands from them?
and what benefit are they to you ? Do you want
them for the miserable pittance which is to be ac-
quired by doling them outin the manner in which
you have done, taking, as the Senator from Iowa
said, forty-eight years to dispose of the balance
which you have in Missouri? Or do you want
to keep them and make them mere bonuses to large
soulless corporations ? Is that what you want
with them ? Do you want to take them from the
many that you may give them to the few ? Do
you want to keep the landless, landless—the home-
less, homeless—thepoor, poor—and the wretched,
more wretched still, that you may bestow in im-
mense largesses on a corporation, this poor boon
of land which belongs of right to the children
that God has planted upon it?
Sir, for these reasons I am for the land bill. I
am for it as an original measure, or as an amend-
ment here, now and forever; and if, sir, I leave the
Senate of the United States with one single regret,
it is that this measure, called for by humanity, by
Christianity, by civilization, and by justice, may
not be matured into your statute-book and be-
come a law that I may be permitted to record my
name in favor of it. For these reasons, and for
hundreds of others which I might give, and which
I would give if I was not already trespassing upon
the patience of the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, who is anxious to address the Senate,
I am for the measure.
Mr. BUTLER. I am satisfied,from the aspects
of the discussion in connection with this question,
that it is the duty of Congress, to save itself from
temptations, to give the lands to the States them-
selves. I believe that the temptations held out to
politicians and statesmen, and aspirants for na-
tional honors, have been such as to pervert their
