824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
gnit in order was the motion of the gentleman from :
Iowa [Mr. Clirk) to suspend the rules, to enable
hun to move to take up from the Speaker's table
the bill of the Senate to regulate the terms of the
district court of the United States for the district
of Iowa. *
Mr. HOUSTON. I was going to appeal to the
H.nise to ^o into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose oftaking up
the Indian appropriation bill. It is utterly impos-
sible to pass these appropriation bills, unless we
de* ote the time of the House almost exclusively
to siiem.
Mr. CLARK. I meiely wish to remark that
this bill is for the purpose of regulating the terms
of the district court in Iowa. 1 presume there will
be no objection to the bill.
Mr. CLIN'GMAN. I object to debate.
Mr. CLARK. I trust that the rules will be
suspended and the bill passed.
The question was then taken, and (two thirds
Toting in the affirmative) the motion to suspend the
rules was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I now move to take up the bill
of which I have alluded.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill of the
Sena te, entit'ed " Ail act to regulate the terms of
the distirct court of the lTnited States for the dis-
trict of Iowa," was accordingly taken up, and read
a !iist and second time by its title.
The b-'I was then read through by the Clerk.
The q lesti'Ui now being upon ordering the bill
to a third reading—
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for a divis-
ion. I desire to know whether there are enough
members here to pass a bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to know if that is a
Senate biU:
Mr. CLARK. It is.
The question was then taken, and upon a divis-
ion, 50 ruse in the affirmative.
Mr. CL\RK. I demand tellers.
Mr. HAVEX. I desire to know if it is in order
to move to Strike out the first section of that bill?
The SPEAKER. The bill is amendable.
Mr. HA VEX. I move to strike out the first
section of the bill. That section provides for reg-
ulating the fees of marshals within that district.
We have just passed a bill regulating the fees of
the marshals and other officers of the United
States courts, which only wants the signature of
the President. No exception has been made in
that bill in ftivor of New York, and I do not see
why any provision of that sort should be made in
this bill. I move to strike out that section, and
call the preMous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Tiie question then recurred upon Mr Ha\em's
amendment, and being taken, was decided in the
affirmative.
So the first section of the bill was stricken out.
The question again recurring upon ordering the
bill to a third reading, upon a division, 61 rose in
tbe affirmative.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand tellers;
we shall be unable to have a quorum without.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McNajr and
Hexk were appointed.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 83, noes 10; no quorum voting.
Mr. STUART. 1 demand the yeas and nays,
in order that we may have a quorum.
The SPEAKER. It is not competent for less
than a quorum to order the yeas and nays upon
ordering the bill to a third reading.
Mr. STUART. Then I move a call of the
House, and demand the yeas and nays upon that.
The SPEAKER. It is not competent for the
gentleman to move a call of the House, the main
question having been ordered.
Mr. STUART. Well, sir, I move that the
House do now adjourn, and demand the yeas and
nays upon that. I think that motion is in order.
The SPEAKER. That is in order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the result
was—yeas 4, nays 121.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading, and
was subsequently read a third time and passed.
The SPEAKER. The business next in order
lh« consideration of the reciprocity bill, upon
which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Townshend]
is entitled to the door.
MRS. ANN >1. DADE.
Mr.CARELL, of Florida. I rise to a question of
priv ilege. Some time in the month of January last
the Senate passed a bill for the relief of Mrs. A. M.
Dade, widow of the late Major Dade. As I re-
marked, the bill passed the Senate sometime in
January Inst, and it was sent to this House, but by
some inadvertence it has been lost. It contains
provisions precisely similar to those in several oth-
ers for the relief of several other persons similarly
situated. It is the first bill which should have
been reported to the House. I ask that the ClerK
be directed to request a certified copy from the
Senate, and I send a resolution to the Cleik'sdesk
for that purpose.
Mr. J ONES, of Tennessee. That is no ques-
tion of privilege.
Mr. MILLSON. I will suggest to the gentle-
man from Florida an easier and more direct mode
of accomplishing his object. The Senate yester-
day amended the bill of the House for the relief of
Mrs. Mary W. Thompson, by adding this bill to
which the gentleman refers. This was done in con-
sequence of the fact, which was made known there,
that this bill had been lost in the House. I would
suggest, therefore, to the gentleman thatthe House
take up this bill and pass the Senate amend-
ments, and that will supersede the necessity of
passing the bill to which the gentleman refers.
Mr. CABELL. 1 have no objection to that if
the House will agree to take up that bill and pass
it.
There was no objection,and the House proceed-
ed to take up the bill for the relief of Mary W.
Thompson, Elizabeth V. Lomax, and Mrs. Ann
M. Dade, with Senate amendments.
The question was then taken, and the House
concurred in the Senate amendments to the bill.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asburt Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, inform-
ing the House that they had passed bills of the
following titles:
An act providing for administering the oath of
office to William R. King, Vice President elect of
the United States of America.
Also, that the Senate had insisted upon the
amendments disagreed to by the House to the
bill making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the year ending June 30,
1853, and asked for a committee of conference on
the said disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and
that the Senate had appointed Messrs. Pearce,
Shields, and Bayard the said committee on their
part.
DR. AVERY DOWNER.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I wish to ask a favor of
the House, which I have not done before during
the present session. I desire to take tip from the
Speaker's table Senate bill No. 453,grantingapen-
sion to Dr. Avery Downer. It will takebut amin-
ute. The bill passed the House unanimously during
the last Congress, and has passed the Senate this
, session. He is an old man, over ninety years of
age; and it is only proposed to grant him a pen-
sion from this time during the remainder of his life.
I shall esteem it a personal favor if the House
will allow it to be taken up and passed.
Mr. LETCHER. I insist upon the regular
order of business.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I hope the gentleman
will allow the bill for the relief of this old man to
pass. It will take but a moment.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know that I would
object to the passage of the bill to which the gen-
tleman alludes, but gentlemen upon all sides have
bills whfch they desire to take up, and if we in-
dulge one we must another. I insist upon the
regular order of business.
Mr. HIBBARD. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to allow me to make a motion to which
1 I presume there will be no objection.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to anything other
than the regular order of business.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. HII3BARD, If the gentleman will allow
me to state what I desire, I presume he will not
object. The Senate have insisted upon the amend-
ments to which the House have disagreed, to the
Military Academy bill, and ask for a committee
I of conference. I move that we concur in their
I request and appoint a commilteeof conference.
Mr. LETCHER. I have no objection to that.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
Speaker appointed Messrs. Hiriiahii, Ouri.Aiv,
and MoMi li.im, as the committee oil the part of
the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. There is on the Speaker's
table a bill for the relief of Thomas Flamiegnn,
an old man, ninety-seven years of age. The bill
provides for a pension of $8 per month during
the remainder of Ins life. I ask thr unanimoua
consent of the House to take it up and pass it.
Mr. LETCHER. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
Air. FLORENCE. I move to suspend the
rules, for the purpose of taking up the bill and
passing it.
RECIPROCAL TRADE.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the reciprocity lull,
upon which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Towvs-
hend] is entitled to the floor, and is on the floor.
That motion cannot, therefore, be made except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. TOWNSHEND then concluded his re-
marks on the reciprocity bill. [His remarks will
be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. FULLER. As a member of the Commit-
tee on Commerce, 1 have no objection to the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Ohio
being made to the bill. I wish to state another
fact, and 1 state it mainly to call to one view of
this bill the attention of that portion of the mem-
bers of this House whose principles are inclined
to a general system of free trade. It is this: that
this is a bill providing for free trade in particular
items with a particular nation. It is a bill of de-
tail, and in order to determine the correctness of
all of them, the House will not look at the general
principle of free trade, but to the details cf the
bill. It is, therefore, a bill clearly of dollars and
cents.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Townshend
yesterday, was then adopted by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. STUART. I desire the attention of the
House for a very few moments, and I wish to say,
in the first place, that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce [Mr. Seymour, of New York]
having been called home unexpectedly, on account
of the serious and perhaps fatal indisposition of
one of his children, has requested me to take the
charge of this bill for him.
I do not intend to do as I would like to, and re-
view to some extent the provisions of the bill, its
effects, and the arguments made for and against it,
and particularly the effect of the amendments which
have been proposed.
I intend to forego chiefly all of this, and I will
state to the House the reason. If this bill is to be
passed by this Congress in any form whatever, so
as to be effective, I regard it as exceedingly im-
portant that the House should take the question
upon it to-day. If we do not do it to-day, we
cannot under the rules until next Tuesday, which,
I think, every gentleman will see will be a day quite
too late to secure any definite action upon it by the
Senate. I shall therefore, before I sit down, de-
mand the previous question, which will, as I think,
test the sense of the House as to whether they will
pass the bill or not.
I shall therefore only say, in a few words, that
this bill seems to me generally to embrace, in the
first instance, the settlement of the fishery ques-
tion, the most delicate cause of difference now ex-
isting between the Government of the United
States and that of Great Britain, and the settle-
ment of which is, in my judgment, vastly im-
portant to the best interests of both countries.
The bill also provides for the free navigation of
the St. Lawrence, and of the canals connected with
it. That I also regard as a very important meas-
ure for this country. It adjusts also the terms
upon which trade between the British colonies and
thisGovernment shall hereafter be transacted; and,
sfr, those who have read the report and the bill
will see, at once, the terms upon which it is to
be done.
Now, sir, that a bill of this sort should be so
framed as to suit everybody, and to suit all in-
terests, diversified as they are, in this nation could
hardly be expected.
Some gentlemen desire to add to this bill an
amendment by which the coasting trade shall be
