1858.
Tltt CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
820
open to the world. Now, it is not to be denied
that such an arrangement would be very benefi-
cial to one section of this country, and very pre-
judicial to another. It would prejudice the interest
represented by my colleague on the committee
from Maine, [Mr. Fuller,] and yet that gentle-
man is not pieased with the bill, even without the
amendment. He fears that the terms of this bill
will detract somewhat from the lumber interests
in his State.
1 see no other way than for the House to say
whether they are willing to compromise something
in regard to all of these interests for th« sake ot
securing a great and universal benefit. If we were
each to stand by our own peculiar interests in our
■own neighborhood, we should never be able to ad-
just any national question. It never has yet been
done, and, in my judgment, never can be. 1
know that it is insisted that a portion of the coun-
try I represent, would, in some degree, be pr«ju*
diced on account of the influx of wheat and flour
from Canada. That maybe true; but as an offset to
that, we secure the free navigation of the St. Law-
rence and its canals, which, I undertake to say, is
aa equivalent, and, in the end, will turn out to be
more than an equivalent. So I think it is with
the interest represented by the gentleman from
Maine, and so I think this bill provides sufficiently
for the interest of those who now desire that the
coasting trade shall be opened to Great Britain. _
Hoping that the amendments proposed to this
bill will not be sustained by the House, that we
•hall be brought to-day to a direct vote upon the
bill itself, and shall agree to it, first voting down
the amendments, I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. With the view of ascer-
taining what is the opinion of the House—because
I do not think that this bill ought to be acted upon
now I will move to lay the bill on the table, and
upon that motion, I ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. DEAN. I hope the gentleman from North
Carolina will first allow the House to act upon the
demand for the previous question, before he insists
upon his motion.
The SPEAKER. These propositions are not
debatable, and the gentleman is not in order.*
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understand there is a
motion pending to refer this bill, and I withdraw
my motion until I s«e the action of the House
upon that. •
Mr. ORR. 1 renew the motion, to lay the bill
upon the table.
Mr. ROB-BINS. Upon that, I ask the yeas
and nays.
The House wis divided upon ordering the yeas
«nd nays, and there wore, in the affirmative, 30,
when
Mr. ASHE asked for tellers upon the yeas and
days; which were ordered; and MesarB. Brooks
and Ashe appointed.
The House waa then divided, and the tellers
reported—34 in the affirmative, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
jretm 63, nays 111; as follows:
YEAS—Menri. Aiken, Allison, Ashe, Averett, David
<i Bailey, Barrere, Bell, Bibighans, Bowie, George H.
Brovftf, Caldwell, Clemeiis, Clingman, Cofcb, CrXcock,
Curtis, Dimmick. Doclfery, Ewine, Ficklin, Henry M.
Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Harper, Houston,
John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, Jackson,
George W. Jones, J. Glaacy Jones, Kuhns, Kurtz, Lan-
dry, Letcher, Mania, McDonald, McMullin, McQueen,
Meacham, John Moore, Morehead, Newton, Orr, Outlaw,
Perkins,- Phelps, Reed, Riddle, Scurry, Skelton, Smith,
Frederick P. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Stratton,
Strother, Wallace, Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Addison
White, Williams, and Woodward—63.
NAY3—Messrs. William Appleton, BabeocS, Beale,
feennett, Bocock, Bowne, John H. Boyd, Breckinridge,
Brenton, Briggs. Brooks, Busby, E. Carriagtoa Cabell. Jo-
seph Cable, Thompson Campbell, Cartler, Chapman,
Cbnrchwell, Clark, Cleveland, Cottman, Darby, George
T. Davis, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Disney, Doty,
Duncan. Dunham, Eastman, Edgerton, Edmund son, Fay,
Filch, Florence. Floyd, Gaylord, Glddings, Gilmore, Good-
rich, Gormen, Green, Grey, Grow, Hall, Hamilton, fshaift
G. Harris, Hart, Haws, Hasoall, Haven, Hendricks, Henn,
Hibhard, Holladay, Horsford, Howard, Thomas Y. How,
tngersoll, Ives, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Jnftn John-
ion. D.iniel T. Jones,GeorgeG. King", PrestonKing, Little,
Laf khart, Mann, Mason, McLanaban, Meade, Miller,
Millson, Molony, Murphy, Murray, Nabers, Samuel W.
Parker, Peailee, Penn, Polk, Porter, Powell, Preston,
Price, Richardson, Robbfns, Rubie, Robinson, Ross, Rns-
fell,Sackett, Schermerhorp, Schoonmaker, Origen S. 8ey-
Doiir, Stanly, Abraham P- Stephens, St. Martin, Stuart,
{Sutherland. Sfreetser, Taylor, Toombs, Townshend, Ven-
able, WaJsh, Wilcor, Wildrick, and Yates—111.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question then recurring on the demand
for the previous question—
Mr. CLINGMAN called for tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Jones of New York, and
Hendricks were appointed.
The House was then divided, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 83, noes 54.
So the previous question waa seconded.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move now that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. We have but seven more working days
remaining of the session, and eight appropriation
bills yet to be acted upon.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Bocock in the chair.)
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee rose
on yesterday it had under consideration House
bill No. 383, making appropriations for the contin-
gent expenses of the Indian Department, and the
Sueation pending was a proviso offered by the gen*
eman from Texas [Mr. Howard] to an amend-
ment of thegentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch,]
which had previously been adopted.
The Clerk read the proviso, as follows:
" Provided, That this appropriation shall not be held to
affect tlx title of the Ohio- Shawnee* to land under the
treaties ol' 1825 and 1831, within the fifty miles square
ceded to the Shawnees of Missouri by the treaty of 182o."
Tellers having been ordered, Messrs. Campbell
of Illinois, and Venable were appointed.
The demand for tellers was then, by unanimous
consent, withdrawn.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was decided in the negative.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means to submit the follow-
ing amendment, which ia in accordance with the
estimates sent in since the bill was reported:
After line 805 insert die following:
For payment of the third of ten installmentsin provision",
merchandise, etc., and the transportation of the same to
certain tribes of Indians, per seventh artiole of the treaty of
Fort Laramie, of 17th September, 1851, $60,000: Provided,
That the same shall not be paid until the said tribes of In-
dians shall have assented to the amendments of the Senate
of the United States to the above recited treaty.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to add the following
as an additional section at the end of the bill:
Sec.—. And he it further enacted, That the President of
the United States be, and he hereby is, authorised, immedi-
ately alter the passage of this act, to enter into negotiations
with the Indian tribes west of the States ef Missouri and
Iowa for the purpose of securing the assent of said tribes to
the settlement of the citizens of the United States upon the
lands claimed by said Indians, and fbrthe purpose of extin
gnisbing the title of said Indian tribes, in whole or in part, to
said lands; and that, for the purpose of carryinj into effect
the provisions of this section, the sum of $511,090 is hereby
appropriated out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
A provision similar to this was embraced in the
bill which pa&ed this Houae to organize the ter-
ritorial government of Netrasfra. Tor tear that
bill may not become a law at this session of Con-
gress, and being well aware that the Indians on
the borders of the States of Missouri and Iowa
are desirous of disposing of a portion of the land
they now inhabit, I wish that the President of the
United States may be authorized to open negotia-
tions with those Indians for the extinguishment of
their title to that portion. It is needed for the
settlement of the whites, and the amendment is
designed to secure the possession of the routes
over which the great travel to Oregon, California,
and New Mexico is now passing. I do not pre-
sume that objection will b« interposed to it at this
time.
Mr. 3WEETSER. ! have the same objection
to this amendment thai I had to .a similar provis-
ion in the bill which passed this House to organ-
ize the Territory of Nebraska, ft must be obvious
to every member of this committee, that the time
has arrived when the policy of this Government
towards the Indians on our western borders should
be changed; and I must protest against the appro-
priation of money which looks to the continuance
of the policy hitherto pursued in relation to the
possessory rights of the Indian tribes on this con*
tinent. Sir, to what portion of this continent are
these Indians to go in case they sell their lands on
the borders of the western States ?
Mr. PHELPS. Will thegentleman oernait me-
to interrupt him?
Mr. SWEE rSEK. I cannot in a five-minutes
speech. The gentleman can reply when I have fin-
ished myremarks. I ask emphatically,to what por-
tion of the continent are these Indians to go? Does
the Government of the United States propose to
purchase their present reservations, and to transfer
them to territory still further west? Certainly
not; for the rapid settlement of the Pacific coast
is driving them back towards the Atlantic. And
if this people are to have a resting-place on the
continent of America, it is to be by a change of
I our present policy. We should so legislate as to
enable them to come underour laws, induce th«>m
to abandon savage life, and yield to manifest desti-
, ny. The march of civilization is every day de-
I cimating their numbers and limiting their hunting
grounds. If we wish to preserve even a lemnant
of the race, we must offer them inducements to
yield-to a necessity that will exterminate them as
, a4people, or incorporate them as citizens of the Re-
; public. It will not avail or meet the objection to
. say that our policy has been uniform since the
organization of the Government. We must now
pause and bow in submission to the condition of
things now developed, and adopt a policy that
shall be marked with that sympathy, which, at
this time, pervades so generally the American heart
for that unfortunate race. It is vain, if we intend
to protect and preserve them as a people, to pur-
sueour present policy, because every step we now
take only drives them from one point to another,
and superadds to our national delinquencies. Let
the broad   is of our Constitution and laws be ex-
tended over them. Let them become citizens in
truth and in fact; and let this Government protect
them in that small pittance of God's footstool they
now possess, and permit them to hold their pres-
ent possessions in fee-simple, and do not let ui
crush them through the instrumentality of treaties,
which I have hitherto charged to be miserable
mockeries, unworthy of the ngein which we live.
As an American legislator, I nm in favor of adopt-
ing a course of policy towards the Indians that will
recognize such riehts as are consistent with their
prosperity and well-being. The most intelligent of
the Indian tribes are well aware of their impending
fate, under the present state of things. They de-
sire a change of policy. Let a voice go out from
this Hall that an American Congress have de-
clared that, instead of treating for their reserva-
tions, the Government proposes to incorporate
them as citizens. Let na carry out the change of
policy by the enactment of laws, which in detail
will permit the Indians to accede to the change,
and the work is done. 1 hope, Mr. Chairman,
this House of Representatives, in the middle of the
nineteenth century, will declare to the world that
! the time has come when we will treat this people
' in a spirit of justice, and relieve the nation from
all further participation in despoiling them of" their
present reservations. .Let us afford them the op-
portunity will repeat, to'come under the protec-
tion of the laws of the country, and enjoy the bless-
inss of the Government under which we live—
a Government that is regarded by the civilized
world as the only resting-place for the oppressed
among the nations of the earth. Will not Such a
Government protect the original people of this
continent? I think it will.
Mr. HALL. Mr. Chairman, I move to amend
the amendment, by increasing the appropriation
$5,100. I told the gentleman from Ohio the other
dav, that I did not think there was any serious
difference between him and myself with reference
to the true policy to be pursued by this Govern-
ment towards the Indians. I think with him that
our existing policy, in regard to the Indian tribes,
must be Changed. In my judgment, the time has
come when we must take Steps towards making
those Indians, who show a disposition to become
civilized, citizens of the United States. But we
Cannot do this unless we change our existing
treaties witfi them. We must pass an appropria-
tion similar to that proposed by my colleaeue, be-
cause the Indians, as at present situated, occupy a.
country without the limits of any State or Terri-
tory, and, of course, are in no condition to become
citizen* -0f the Urritad States. Now, sir, if the
