828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb 24,
always been a personal friend. Although he is
several years my senior, yet we were at ihe uni-
versity tocher, and vmnout consulting huu, I
umlertaK* to sav here tlial if there is anything ill
his official conduct wti ch i* a fair subject of in-
vestigation, he is ready to submit to that investi-
gation at any time.
Mr. GE.N THY. I do not intend to make the
charge against the Secretary of the Interior exclu-
sively. My attention was brought particularly to
a ca«e in that Department; and although ( brought
the attention of the Secretary to the existence of
this abuse, yet he has not reformed it. 1 made the
communication to him through his chief rleik,that
1 considered this an executive abuse, for which
impeachment was the only proper punishment. I
hail previously called his attention to theabuse, and
expected he would correct it; but finding that it was
not corrected, ami that no improvement was made,
1 communicated to him through his chief clerk—
for he was at this time in Virginia—that I consid-
ered it an abuse for w!u<4i impeachment was the
only proper remedy, and that if it was not cor-
rected, 1 should call the attention of Congress to
it. After I left the city, at the close of the last
•ession of Congress, t received a letter from him,
which I now have in my possesion—I regret that
I have it roc here—informing me that precedents
existed for this practice, and I have learned from
various other sources, that it is common in the
other Departments of the Government. 1 am not,
therefore, making an onslaught upon the Secretary
of the Interior particularly, but upon all who in-
dulge in such abuses. 1 believe it is the habit in
mo<t of the Departments, from what I have heard.
Mr. BAYLY. As to the other Departments, I
have not a word to say, because the heads of those
Departments (lo not come from Virginia. [Laugh-
ter.] 1 beg that gentlemen will allow me to finish
my sentence before they laugh, for this is not a
•uoject for mirth. Sir, I do say that because the
Secietary of tlie Interior is a Virginian, i demand,
it there be any cause for his impeachment, that he
•hall be impeached.
Mr. GEN TRY. By permission of my friend
from Virginia, I want to say, for his gratification,
that 1 ain a Virginian in the second degree myself,
[laughter;] and I am for Old Virginia whenever
Old Virginia is right, and against her when she is
wrong; but, if [ am not mistaken, the man to
whom #300 of this poor boy'a salary has been
transferred, is also a Virginian; and i am afraid
the Pension Otfice it rather a Virginia concern.
Mr. BAYLY. If the Secretary of the Interior
has been guilty of anything for which he deserves
impeachment—if the gentleman from Tennessee
knows of any fact which would justify such a pro-
ceeding, 1 insist that he shall move for an impeach-
ment.
Mr. GENTRY. I give it as my opinion that
be deserves impeachment, and so far as I am my-
self concerned, I would vote it, though I do not
think 1 could carry such a motion in this House.
Mr. S TA.VLY. I move to strikeout the word
"two" and insert the word "three."
Mr. Chairman, 1 move this amendment for 1
the purpose of saying a word or two upon this sub-
ject. I am not a Virginian by birth, nor am 1 a
Virginian in thefirstor "second degree," as the
gemlemm from Tennessee says he is. I had rather
be in the third than in the second—the further the
better just now, if this is a specimen of Virginia
conduct. But this will not prevent me from say-
ing that the Secretary of the I nterior is a gentleman
of whose character any man from any part of the
country may well be proud. i understand the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Gentrt] to say,
tnat what he calls this abuse has existed, as he is
informed, in the Departments for years, through
different Administrations. If this be so, we have
somebody else to impeach besides the present Sec-
retary of the Interior. Now, I think that, as it
seems the gentleman from Tennessee has been in
possession of these facts for a long lime, and as he
has been moved by a sense of public duty to call
the attention of the House to them, heshould have
done it before within ten days of an expiring ses-
sion of Congress. Sir, it was due to the Secretary
•f the Interior and to the gentleman from Tennes- !
«ee that this matter should have been investigated. 1
Mr. GENTRY. I have no idea of attempting
impossibilities, and therefore I have no purpose
of making a formal effort to impeach the Secretary j
•f the Interior; bat there can be no controversy I
about the tact that this practice does exist. It j
was admitted by the Secretary of the Interior lu
the letter which he addressed to me, to which I
have before alluded.
Mr. STANLY. That letter should have been
produced.
Mr. GENTRY. The gentleman can see the
letter to-morrow. I regret that 1 have it uot here
now.
Mr. STANLY. The letter ought to have been
produced to-day, injustice to the Secretary of the
interior.
Mr. GENTRY. I say that what I have stated
is true, literally, and the Secretary of the Interior
cannot deny it.
Mr. STANLY. Mr. Chairman, shall 1 bs
allowed to go on without interruption? It was
due to Mr. Stuart, a gentleman known through
life by W hig and Democrat as a moll of irre-
proachable liuegiity, that the letter should have
been brought forward and made the basis of a dis-
tinct and positive charge, if there is evidence surii-
cient to sustain such a charge. 1 do not dispute
that the gentleman suites the facts as he under-
stands them. 1 only ask what is fair and proper
towards the Secretary of the Interior himself.
Mr. GENTRY. 1 will send the letter to the
newspapers and have it published, if the gentle-
man desires.
Mr. STANLY. It seems the gentleman has
had that letter in his possession ever since the
meeting of the present session of Congress; but
he has not brought it forward before the House
until at this late period of the session, when we
are pushing forward our business with the speed of
a locom live going down an inclined plane, to pre-
vent the necessity for calling an extra session, we
have a charge thiown against the private character
of a man never before assailed by the breath of
calumny.
Mr. GENTRY. I do not question his personal
honor or his integrity; but I say this is an execu-
tive abuse, which, in my judgment, constitutes
that grade of political crime for which the Consti-
tution authorizes impeachment as the proper pen-
alty.
Mr. STANLY. I am glad, then, that thegen-
tleman does not believe the Secretary sanctions
that abuse.
Mr. GENTRY. I know he sanctions it;
excuses, justifies, defends, and refuses to correct it.
Mr.Sl'ANLY. How, then,can the gentleman
say he does not question the honor and integrity
of Mr. Stuart?
Mr. GENTRY. I say it is an executive abuse,
but 1 do not think either private honor or honesty
is involved in it. It is a matter of political pro-
priety or impropriety, of proper or improper ad-
ministration. i discuss the official conduct of a
Government functionary; 1 am not discussing pri-
vate character or personal honor.
Mr. STANLi. Then the gentleman and my-
self differ widely in our opinions; very widely,
indeed. Mr. Speaker, 1 have only this to say:
if this abuse exists, it is an abuse perpetrated by
the Secretary of the Interior 
Mr. GENTRY. In my judgment it is a po-
litical crime.
Mr. STANLY. It is a "crime" then! The
Secretary of the Interior has been guilty of that
" crime," and yet he is an honorable man, accord-
ing to the gentleman from Tennessee. His opin-
ions of honorableconduct differ widely from mine.
Mr. GENTRY. I do not think the Secretary
regarded it as such. If every political error shall
be construed to involve personal dishonor, many
public men will be disgraced when that principle j
is settled as the law of public morals. I
Mr. STANLY. Then the Secretary is a fool, I
according to the gentleman's argument. That is
the amount of it.
Mr. GEN TRY. I have not said it; but if the
gentleman from North Carolina chooses so to de- '
cide, be it so.
Mr. STANLY. That is the logic of the thing,
examine it as you will, and there is no other inter-
pretation of it. Now, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Stuart
is no more than any other Whig here. I was in
Congress with him, and know him well. I know
him to be the honorable man which the gentleman 1
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]—who is opposed to j
him in political life—has asserted him to be. There
is not a more honorable man breathing this side of |
heaven. He may have made mistakes. He has I
offended Whigs by appointing Democrats to office,
and has made a greater outcry—whether for just
cause or not, I will not say—in this way than any
man who has been at the head of any Department
for several years.
Mr. GENTRY. Were they not Virginians ?
Mr. STANLY. No, sir, they were not all Vir-
ginians. Mr. Chairman, I like to hear the gen-
tleman from Tennessee talk when he is in order;
but I object to his continual talk, even when in his
seat. 1 have but five minutes allotted me now,
anil I hope he will give me a littlechance. I mean
to do justice even to a V irginian, of one of the first
families, and especially if lie has so much good
sense as Mr. Stuart has, not to be eternally brag-
ging of it. I like a Virginian who has a true
Virginia feeling in his heart, especially if he has
worked his own way in the world without resting
under the shadow of an illustrious name as many
of them are apt to do at home.
Mr. GENTRY. I do not want to be under-
stood as seeking to invoke any prejudice against
Virginia. 1 glory in her name; and I disclaim
now and always any intention of making any such
invocations of a vulgar prejudice against that
glorious old Commonwealth. 1 disdain to do so.
I am a Virginian myself in the second degree, and
would feel in attempting to disparage her, thai I
was seeking to dishonor my own ancestor.
Mr, STANLY. I do not say the gentleman
has intended to invoke that prejudice; but in re-
ply to the gentleman's remark, 1 may be allowed
to say, that if he would not descend to invoke a
feeling of prejudice against that illustrious Com-
monwealth, which has given birth to George
Wellington and a long line of the purest states-
men the country has ever produced, he has by the
remarks made here this morning, made a stab at
the reputation of one of Virginia's most distin-
guished sons. His reputation is valuable to all
who glory in the honor of the Old Dominion.
Mr. GENTRY. I stab no man's reputation.
If the truth stabs, let it stab.
Mr. STANLY. If the gentleman says these
charges are true, he states  
Mr. GENTRY. I say they are true, no mat-
ter where it stabs; and I will maintain their truth
everywhere.
Mr. STANLY. Then the gentleman ought to
come forward with regular articles of impeach-
ment. Let the trial come; my life on it the Sec-
retary will come out brighter after passing the
ordeal.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GEN l'RY. There is no manner of doubt
about the truth of what I state in relation to this
practice. I have expressed no opinion that the
Secretary of the Interior has been governed by
corrupt motives. I have discussed his acts only.
He states that he has precedents for such a prac-
tice, and upon that ground justifies the practice
itself. Now, I say it is due to this House to let
the heads of the Departments know whether such
precedents are to be followed.
Mr. STANLY. Will the gentleman allow me
one moment? As I understand the statement
now made, this practice has been in existence for
years and no fault found with it. But in the case
like that cited by the gentleman this morning, I
understand a clerk found himself unable to perform
the requisite amount of labor, and was compelled
to employ help from another source.
Mr. GENTRY. There were no such facts in
the case. As I understand it, there was a distinct
understanding that the boy was to be docked this
amount of his pay, and with the intimation that if
he did not allow himself to be docked, not the
sword of Democles, but the sword of Removal
hung over his head.
Mr. LETCHER. .As Mr. Stuart comes from
my district, I deem it a duty, both to him and
myself, to state such facts as I have learned from
him, in conversations, respecting the appointment
of individuals to office. Of the particular case
referred to by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Gentry] I know nothing.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I rise to a question of
order.
(Cries of " Go on ! Go on !")
Mr. CLEVELAND. Very well, I will not in-
sist upon my point.
Mr. LETCHER. I am perfecjly in order. If
gentlemen will keep quiet, we shall get along more
speedily and quite as satisfactorily. The other
