1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
day a case came to my knowledge implicating the
Superintendent of the Census Bureau. A clerk
was appointed by Mr. Kennedy with the under-
standing that he was to pay five hundred dollars
out of his salary to a lady in Pennsylvania, the
sister-in-law of the Superintendent of the Census.
Mr. GENTRY. Good God Almighty! Why,
that is worse than my case.
Mr. LETCHER. A copy of the correspond-
ence in relation to this matter came to my hand,
and was furnished by me to the Secretary of the
Interior, with the request that the matter should be
fully investigated. tie gave me his assurance that
he would do so, and requested to see me person-
ally in connection with the subject. 1 went there
the next morning, and in the course of conversa-
tion told him, that such a practice,in my opinion,
was wrong, and that it ought to be Btopped; and
in this opinion he concurred with me. He told me
at the same time, thai his own action in making
appointments had been in accordance with prece-
dents established by those who had preceded him,
not only in hia own*but in the other departments
of the Government. Those precedents are not such
as the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry]
has asserted, but were to this effect: that where
an individual, had a mother or a sister, or some
near relation dependent upon him for support or
assistance, he had been appointed in his depart-
ment with the understanding and voluntary ar-
rangement that a portion of the salary should go to
that mother or sister, or near relative, as ihe case
might be. That had been done in some instaneee,
and so far as he knew, that was all that had been
done in connection with appointments where a
portion of the salary was to go to third persons.
The case I have mentioned he had personal
knowledge of, and when 1 brought it to his atten-
tion, he said promptly, that nothing of the kind
should again occur in his department. Such are
the facts.
No*, sir, if such charges as we have heard here
to-day are to be made against the Secretary of the
Interior, to whom 1 am now, and ever have been,
politically opposed, but for whom I have a very
high personal regard, growing out of long social
and professional intercourse, I ask that he shall
have the common privilege accorded to every man
in like circumstances. Furnish him with the
charges, and allow him an opportunity to respond
to them. If he shall fail to respond in a manner
satisfactory, it will be time enough then to con-
demn him.
That is all I ask; and if the gentleman from Ten-
nessee thinks that Mr. Stuart can be impeached
for misconduct in office, growing out of this or
any other matter, I insist that he shall make his
charges distinctly—present them in a tangible
shape, so that they can be met; and if they can be
sustained, 1 shall manifest as little disposition to
excuse him as any gentleman upon this floor.
That is all I ask. I ask for Mr. Siuart precisely
what I would ask for any other man in the coun-
try against whom charges of misconduct (either
personal or official) had been preferred. I ask that
he shall have justice, and strict, stern justice. He
desires nothing more.
If the committee desire it, I will read the corre-
spondence between Mr. Kennedy and his clerk, to
which 1 have alluded. Here is the correspond-
ence; I will send it to the Clerk's table that it
may be read.
The CHAIRMAN. That can be done only by
unanimous consent.
No objection being made, the correspondence
and affidavits were then read, as follows:
Letter 1
Census Office, January 12, 1853.
Mr. Kennedy wishes to see Mr. J. D. B. Little immedi-
ately.
Letter 2d.
January 24, 1853.
As you may prefer it, I will not present your order to
Mr. Clark, but you can draw your salary and pay the amount
of the order to me, and lift the OTder yourself. This mode
will doubtless be most agreeable to you. Your*, truly,
J. C. G. KENNEDY.
Letter 3d.
Mr. Kennedy wishes to see Mr. Little at three, p. m.
Letter 4th.
Washington, February 2, 1853.
Slr: After mature reflection, I have concluded that your
requirement in regard to my salary is totally unjust, and
unlawful; and had 1 been acquainted with the nature of
things, I would never have listened to such a proposition
from any person, ff you desire a public investigation of
the affau, i mm aatifffied  uc!lwould be th* decisioa, But
in consideration of the whole transaction, I most respect- I
fully decline paying any portion of my salary for such a I
purpo>e. Most respectfully, jours,
J. n. n. LITTLE.
Joseph C. G. Kennedy, Esq., 8th street office.
Letter oth.
Censi s Office, February 2, 1853.
Mr. Kennedy finds difficulty >o iiwIersuaHdinjf the com-
munication of Mr. Little, of whom Mr. K. never made any
4' requirementbut if Mr. l>. should think proper to vio-
late voluntarily-assumed obligations, and which there has
been inaiutV'sted no disposition to exact, when it could eas-
ily be done, Mr. Little should not have accompanied Ins
refusal to call with a note, a note at once iiii-uiting and un-
true. The call upon Mr. Little was simply to inform him
thnt it would not be neces>ary to give hiinseiffurther tiouhle
respecting the matter, as the individual hud been reinstatedf
whose salary was cut down for the benefit of Mr. L., who
voluntarily agreed to give a portion to the mother of the
other, who was dependent upon it for support. It hto Mr.
Kennedv a source of re ret that Mr. Littleshould have con-
sidered the simple order, or request to call, in a li* ht to make
it the peetext for placing himself iu a very awkward and
unenviable position, and to have permitted such a blcmi-h
to occur on his honor and integrity, when it wa< so unne
ce*sary and uncalled for; and it i* wuh regret I mu«t real
ize thnt there exists any clerk in my office who places a
light eMunate on the importance of a regard for truth.
Mr. Little will please call at my room to morrow morn-
ing, at nine, a. rn , Thursday. J. C.G. KENNEDY.
Mr. J. C. B. Little.
Letter 6/A.
Sir: As this matter has become personal, I desire to
have it investigated in the presence of friends. If vou will
assent to this, I will call to see you. With the highest re-
spect, yours, Stc., J. D. B. LITTLE.
With reference to a charge made respecting the appoint-
ment of clerks in the Census Office, and the receiving com-
pensation therefor by the head of that office, the following
are all the fact?  having any relation thereto, in any manner
or lorm : Two clerks died at different times, one from Ver-
mont and one from Virginia. Both left widows and families
in dependent ei remittances. Young men, well qualified to
perform clerical duties, voluntarily proposed to assume the
official relations which the«se individuals sustained, and
from the resources of their pay contribute a portion to the
support of these destitute families. While their official
duties wer«- properly performed, the head of the office was
not inclined to interfere with the benevolent action* of the
clerks. It was not deemed either novel in principle or then
thought objectionable in feature. Very lately a clerk under
the protection of and sustaining a confidential and near re-
lation to the head of the office, who was and had been for
two years receiving a salary of $],OnO—latterly $1,20(1—
against whom no charge of official delinquency existed,
failed, as Mr. Kennedy wasinforined, to remit to Ins mother,
and only remaining parent, thatportionof hissaiary he had
stipulated monthly to send, and upon which calamity and
bereavement had made her entirely dependent, and upon
which he knew she solely relied. Under these circum-
stances Mr. Kennedy determined upon doing something to
bring him to a sense of bis parental obligations, and visit him
wuh some evidence of dUplea^ure. A young man had ap
plied for a clerkship—one who had been working as a sub-
stitute for another clerk at the rate of one dollar per dny.
This young man was promised a clerkship at .$500. This
was to be his salary—no more. With this he expressed
himself contented and happy. With his consent and ap-
probation, after Mr. Kennedy had fully explained the re
spon^ibilifies assumed by the other, Mr. Kennedy raided his
salary, and reduced that of the other «$5f'0, with the express
understanding that he should pay over the excess to or for
the benefit of the mother of him whose pay was thus re
duced.
The clerk whose salary was thus increased, drew the
entire amount for two months, and applied the whole Mim to
hisown purposes. He has acknowledged and does acknowl-
edge the act, and is equally explicit in the declaration lhat
no coercion or per^ua-ion was merl to prevent him so
doing. After giving an order for the benefit of the person to
whom and for whom he became responsible, he again lifed
the money and applied it to hit own purposes. Mr Ken-
nedy refused to presenttheorder, and made the whole matter
optional with him and dependent upon his sense of honor
and propriety. When he subsequently acknowledged his
indebtedness and Willingness to liquidate the amount, Mr.
Kennedy peremptorily refused to take his promises or
money. Mr. Kennedy stated to a clerk iu his office, the
nature of the obligations assumed by the individual in his
employ, expressed suspicion of his integrity, lhat he wished
to know his real character, which however, while teeing,
he was determined to allow no portion of hissaiary to be re-
ceived for the use of any one, but that he had sent for him
solely to test his st?nse of moral perception.
When the clerk referred to assumed the position he did,
Mr. Kennedy was not personally responsible for a dollar to,
or for any of the parties interested or involved, arid the
araangement could not in any way affect him personally,
except in so far as he desired to show hisdi«plea-ure of filial
disobedience, and secure for a widow, in a distant State,
a proper portion of the earnings of her son, upon which he
knew she was entirely dependent, and upon which she had
a moral. legal, and admitted claim. He has never asked or
received, directly or indirectly, any money or valuable from
any clerk or other individual who is, was, or wished to be
connected with the office. JOS. C. G. KENNEDY.
Personally appeared before me, a justice of the peace in
and for the city of Washington, District of Columbia, Jose ph
U. G. Kennedy, who, being duly aworn, deposes and saith
that the foregoing statement is correct and true, and em-
braces all the facts having any bearing or relation to the
case stated.
Sworn and subscribed this 16th February, 1853.
THOMAS C. DONN, J. P.
Note by Mr. Kennedy-—-It is deemed unnecessary to men-
tion the nameaofyouiwBieB, with reference to botiuif milam I
It is presumed they would retiret any public mention of tlicir
name*, a* I have reason to believe they regret rlieir conduct
in tins matter. J. C. G. K.
The undersigned, clerfcs in the Censo* Oflfi ce, were per-
sonally familiar with the facts Mated hi the tore<;oinjz depo-
sition, so fur a« they relate to ihe clerk whose compensation
was increased. From liw statements made to Ms and m
otir presence, that clerk voluntarily and without compul-
sion made himself a parly to Ihe arianpeiurnt as !-tati d
above. He detailed in orir hearing lhat he volnntnrilv as-
sumed the obligations alluded to, and said lie was induced
to act in the matier as lie had done subsequently on the Hd
vice of others. He said that Mr. Kennedy hail treated him
kindly, and that the matter nf hi< living up to his obligations
had notched! enforced by promises or threats and whs n t
exacted! He furthermore expressed a wi>h that the matter
might be " hushed up." L. J. WHITE.
JNO. K. ArfHBY.
Sixth tine, " all the facts as set forth" erased ; " that he
voluntarily assumed the obligations alluded to" inseitiri;
ninth line and part of tenth erased; eleventh line, "and
was not exacted" inserted.
T. C. DONN, Justice of the Peaie.
Personally appeared before me, a justice of the peace in
and tor the counrv of Washington, District of Columbia,
L. J. White and Jno. R. A hhv, who testified on oath that
the above statement is true according to their belief.
Sworn ami subscribed the* Ifitli day ot Febiuary. 1853.
THOMAS C. DO \N, justice of Ihe Peace.
Personally appeared before mc, C.J. Canfield, a cleric in
the Ct n*us office, who deposes and smth on hi* solemn
oath that that portion ot the above .-iat< inei t markvd A,
continuing to thai portion marked H, relates to lnmseli, and
is correct and true according to the best of liis In tief.
c. j. cankikld.
Sworn and subscribed this 16th day of February, I >-53.
THOMAS C. DONN, Justice of the Peuie.
The circumstances certified to by Mr. Canfield were by
Mr. Caofield related to me previous 10 the interview liuil
between the clerk alluded to and Mr. Kennedy.
JNO. R. ASHBY.
Washington, February 16, 1853.
I Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Little has since been
j dismissed from office, and is now out.
A Member. He ought to be.
Mr. LETCHER. He ought to be, and the
Superintendent, too.
Mr. GENTRY. I ask the general consent of
the committee to make a disclaimer. It has been
said that I had made charges against the Secretary
of the Interior. I disclaim having any such inten-
tion. 1 have no personal or political malignity
against him. On the contrary, my relations wilh
him have been quite as friendly as those of my
honorable friend from Virginia, [Mr. Letchir,]
or thegentlemaii from North Carolina, [M r. Si jn-
ly.] 1 was very glad when he went into Mr. Fill-
more's Cabinet, and believed that he would mtke
himself a useful member of it. No such motive as
has been imputed has influenced me. My object
was to call the attention of the House of Re| re-
sentatives to the great abuses which haveiirowi' up
in the Executive branch of the Government. The
public interest, the purity of politics, and the ad-
ministration of the Government, require this H ouse
to correct whosoever may have bten involved in
these abuses. Although! do not know the fact as
absolutely in regard to any other Depaitment as
I do in regard to the particular case stated, yet [
leain that the abuse is common in most of the
Departments of the Goverr merit. If so it only
creates a greater necessity for legislative action
here. It was from no personal hostility to the
Secretary of the Interior that 1 called his attention
to it. 1 did it hi such a way that if he had had the
generous emotions and principles 1 supposed him
to*p°ssess, he would have corrected it. When I
called his attention to the case of this poor boy,
whose father had died, leavinga mother, brothers,
and sisters, dependent upon him for support, he
called the attention of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions to it, and he gave partial relief. What wns
it? He docked him $200 instead of $300; reduced
the amount, and wrote me a letter defending the
whole system.
Now, sir, what does the correspondence read
by my friend from Virginia amount to? It dis-
closes this fact: that while the duty rests upon
Consressto determine the number of employees of
the Government, and what shall be their compen-
sation under the law, arid which each employee
of the Government has a right to in his particular
office, we here see a little picayune subordinate
officer of the Government assuming to reduce and
enlarge the salaries of the clerks in his office ac-
cording to his ideas of benevolence, his whims,
and his caprices. He has no right to make law, nor
to nullify the law by construction, slid he ought
