1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
After the word " that," at the close of the section, to in- |
•ert the following: [
" \o compensation shall be allowed for the above ser- i
▼ice when the emoluments of Ihe office of which said
designated depositary is 111 commission amounts to the
minimum compensation paid by law; nor shall tlie amount
allowed by law to any designated depositary for such ser-
vice, when added to the emoluments of the office of which
he is in commission, be more than sufficient to make the
minimum compensation fixed bylaw: jindprovidedJiir-
tier, That."
The bill of August 6th, 1846, providing for the
collection, safe-keeping, and disbursement of the
public moneys, also provided for the Treasurer of
the United Suites and the assistant treasurers, at
certain points, and fixed theircompensation. By
the 15th section of that act, the Secretary of the
Treasury was authorized to appoint or designate
certain other officers as depositaries of the public
money—the collectors of customs,and receiversof
public moneys at the land offices. The act did
not fix or prescribe any compensation to these des-
ignated depositaries. Subsequently an act was
passed providing for their compensation up to the
4ih of March, 1849. This act proposes to provide
for their compensation from the then 4th March,
and to make it permanent. It provides that for the
first $100,000 they shall receive a compensation
not exceeding one half of one per cent, on the
amount deposited, that upon the second $100,000 a
compensation not exce?ding one fourth of one per
cent., and that upon the amount which they shall jj
receive exceeding $200,000, one eighth of one per ! j
cent.; and that in no event shall they receive for j
such services under the provisions of this act more ||
than *1 ,500. The laws of the country limit the i i
compensation of collectors of customs at $6,000, i ■
and the compensation of receivers of public
moneys, at $3,000. The amendment of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, which has been read, ,,
provides that in no case shall the compensation of ,
a collector or receiver of public moneys, who shall
have been designated as a depositary, be more
than the maximum of his compensation for the
office of which he is in commission at the time he
was designated as such depositary.
Mr. F1CKL.IN. I wish to ask whether the
postmasters in large cities are not designated as
depositaries of public money, and whether this
bill is intended to embrace them ? and if the amend-
ment which cuts off depositaries of public moneys
where the salary is fixed, does not exclude post-
masters: j
Mr. JONES. Postmasters, as I understand it, >
are not designated as depositaries under the act
of August, 1846. They are sometimes, some of
them, directed by the Post Office Department to
receive moneys from surrounding postmasters, and
through them thus disburse it. That is a matter
under the control of the Post Office Department,
and has nothing to do with the designation of the
depositaries under the act of 1646. The designated
depositaries intended to be provided for by this
bill, are those of the custom-houses, where there
is no assistant treasurer, and where the Secretary
of the Treasury designates one, if such, as a de-
positary, with whom the smaller offices deposit,
as in the land districts. There is one, 1 believe,
at St. Louis, one somewhere in Illinois, and others
in other places. These officers receive the money
collected by other •fficers in the land districts, and
it is disbursed through them upon drafts from the i
Treasury Department. The bill has passed the j
Sen ale, and 1 hope that it may pass this House j
as proposed to be amended. j
Mr. STUART. I wish to see whether I under- j
stand this bill as the gentleman from Tennessee j
{Mr. Jones] does. If I do, 1 think there is an- !
other amendment necessary. It will be recollected ;
by those who heard the bill read, that after pro- j
viding the terms of compensation, there is a.pro- i
riso attached that the whole amount received shall j
not exceed $1,500. If I understand the duties of .
these officers properly, and the responsibilities 1
attached to them, that sum is little enough for any \
man to receive for his whole compensation,
whether the amount received and disbursed be !
,$100,000 or greater. j
Mr. JONES. I can explain it to the gentle- j
man in a moment.
Mr. STUART. If the gentleman will give a !
moment longer, I will then beglad to hear his ex- j
planation. By the graduation principle, which is
adopted for the payment of these officers, they ||
may incur this entire responsibility, and not re- u
ceive a compensation, for instance, of over $700.
I shall propose, to meet my idea of propriety, to
strikeout all after the word " dollars," where it
first occurs, so that the bill would then read, that
they should receive one half of one percent, on all
amounts received on deposit by them, retaining,
the proviso that the whole amount should not ex-
ceed $1,500 per annum. By retaining the further
restriction, that exceeding a certain sum the de-
positary shall receive one fourth of one percent.,
and then exceeding another sum one eighth of one
per cent., you fix upon him all this responsibility,
yet not pay him more than $750. If the gentle-
man from Tennessee is so conversant with this
matter as to show me that I am mistaken in this
respect, I should be willing to let the bill stand as
it is. If I am not, when the committee conies to
consider the amount of the bail you require, the
amount of security, and the liabilities and responsi-
bilities which are fixed upon him, I think it will not
be said by any one that his pay should not be the
whole amount of $1,500. If you retain the gen-
eral proviso restricting him in all cases to the
amount of $1,500, there is no necessity for retain-
ing this graduation principle.
Mr. JONES. None are designated deposit-
aries except collectors of customs and receivers of
moneys at the land offices. The maximum com-
pensation of the collector is $6,000, and the max-
imum compensation of the receiver is $3,000.
This bill provides that the compensation of the
depositary for receiving the money to be depos-
ited with him, which was collected by other and
minor officers, shall be as follows: That he shall
receive one half of one per cent, upon the first
$100,000 so deposited, one fourth of one per cent,
on the second $100,000, and one eighth of one per
cent, upon the balance, with the proviso that the
amount of compensation shall not exceed $1,500
in the aggregate for the moneys thus deposited
with •him. Then the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Ways and Means is, that his com-
pensation as collector of customs, or as receiver of
the public moneys added to the compensation un-
der this bill, shall not exceed the maximum of the
compensation of the office whieh he holds at the
time he is designated as depositary—$6,000 if he
is collector, and $3,000 if he is receiver of the pub-
lic moneys. You have an assistant treasurer at
the city of New York, who will have, perhaps,
in his custody ten times as much money as any
one of these designated depositaries, and yet, if I
mistake not, his entire compensation is $4,500.
You have one at Boston, and the money which
will come into his hands far exceeds all that which
comes into the hands of all these designated de-
positaries, and he has his $3,500 or $4,000. I
think this bill as it came from the Senate, with
the amendment of the Committees on Ways and
Means attached to it, will provide as ample «om-
penaation aa that provided fo*"the assistant treas-
urers, or collectors ofeustoms, or receivers of
public moneys who are not designated as depos-
itaries.
Mr. STUART. I desire to submit myamend-
ment now to the committee. It is to strike out all
after the word " dollars," where it first occurs,
down to the word " provided," so as to omit all
except that part of the bill which provides for the
payment of the one half percent, upon theamount
received, restricting the whole pay to $1,500.
The gentleman from Tennessee has not ex-
plained the matter satisfactorily to meat all. The
bill as I would amend it, would give a man one
half of one per cent, for the reception on deposit of
$100,000, but would restrict him to $1,500 on the
whole, no matter whatamount be received. Now
I submit that that ought to be the provision of the
bill, and that the additional restrictions, by way
of graduating it, are wrong. I can see no justice
or propriety in the graduation. I submit that the
man who receives on deposit, keeps safely, and ac-
counts for $100,000, should have one half of one
percent., and the same amount for every additional
$100,000, only limiting his whole compensation to
$1,500.
Mr. JONES. The compensation provided for
in this bill is the same as was provided in the act
paying the depositaries up to the 4th of March,
1849, with which, I believe, they were entirely
satisfied. This bill was prepared by the Committee
on Finance i-i the Senate,and 1 supposed it would
be entirely satisfactory to the present officers, for
whose benefit it is intended.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to inquire when this
bill is to go into operation ?
Mr. JONES. It is to pay the depositaries from
the 4th of March, 1849.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, then, Mr. Chairman, I
have to remark that this bill was prepared in the
Senate nearly two years ago, and passed the Sen-
ate, I think, now nearly two years ago 
Mr. JONES. Oh, no. It passed last session—
only a year ago.
Mr. BROOKS. It passed in the early part of
the session.
Mr. JONES. In January, I believe.
Mr. BROOKS. Well, at any rate, it passed
more than a year ago. The object then was to
provide for the existing officers; and the action
which was had upon the bill by the other branch
of Congress and by the Committee on Ways and
Means was to provide for the payment of the ex-
isting officers. The principle of the bill was right.
There was no objection, 1 believe, to it from any
parties in the Senate, or from any member of the
Committee on Ways and Means. But the bill has
slumbered until this late period of the session, and
now, at a time when the existing officers are about
losing their places, in all probability, the bill is re-
vived and immediate action is demanded upon it.
If the principle is right, it should be extended to
all past officers, as well as to the existing officers;
and all who have been doing these duties should
receive the compensation that a just principle enti-
tles them to. It is on that account that 1 wish to
offer the following as an amendment to the last
section of the bill:
And that the accounts of said officers since 1846 shall be
•ettled according to the principles of this act.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is first on the
amendment of the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart,] which precedes that of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
The question was then taken on Mr, Stuart's
amendment, and it was rejected.
The question recurred upon Mr. Brooks's
amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to read
the act which provided for the payment of those
officers from 1846 to 1849. The sixth section of
the act of 3d of March, 1849, provides:
" That the sum of <$20,00<> be, and is hereby, appropriated
for the payment of a compensation of one half per centum
to each designated depositary [provided to be appointed, but
not provided to be paid, under the act of August 6,184#]
on ail moneys received by him, as such depositary, from
the date of his appointment to the first day of MarcR, 18)9:
Provided, That no compensation Fhall be allowed for the
above services, where the emoluments of the office, of
which said designated depositary is in commission, amounts
to over $3,000 per annum ; nor shall the amount allowed
to any one of said designated depositaries for such service
be at the rate of over #1,5<M) per annum."
This bill provides:
" That tire depositaries who hare been, or may be, des-
ignated by the Secretary of the Treasury, under the fif-
teenth section of the act of the 6th of August, 1846, to re-
ceive payments and give receipts or certificates of deposit
for public money from miscellaneous sourcenoiher than the
transactions of the respective offices for which . they are,
or may be commissioned, may be paid in fall compensation
for receiving, safely keeping, and paying out such public
money," &e.
Under the first act which I have read, these offi-
cers were paid from the date of their appointment
up to the 3d of March, 1849. This bill provides
for paying those who have bften appointed since
1849, or who may be appointed, ana it appropri-
ates $50,000 for that purpose.
Mr. BROOKS. Then, as T understand the bill,
it reaches the case I have in view, and I therefore
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Sec. —. Beit further enacted^ That it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury, in the settlement of the
accounts of all officers of the customs for services rendered
since the passage of the tariff of 1842, and for such services
as they may render hereafter, to be governed by tl>e third
section of the act entitled "An act fi>r the support of the
-Military Academy of the United States for the year 183$,
and for other purposes," approved Ju.'y 7. 1838, as the
same was revived and continued in force by the seventh
seetion of the act entitled "An act for the relief of Chastel-
tain & Pon vert, and for other purposes," approved July 31,
1840, until some law expressly prescribing a different rate
of compensation shall be passed.
I know of no place where this amendment can
be offered 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit to the
Chair whether that is in order as an amendment
to this bill. It reiatt* t  an entirely dtfbrent sub*
