832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24.
ject. I am in fttror of the proposition, but I do
no want to incumber this bill with it.
.Mr. STAN TON. 1 confess that I cannot see
why the amendment is inappropriate. This is a
bi i rrsfulatm^ the compensation of certain officers
of the G >\emment, and I certainly can see no
reason why a provision regulating the compensa-
tion of another class of officers is not appropriate
and germane as another section of the lull.
Tne CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is not in order, on the ground that
u is irrelevant to the particular subject-matter of
this bill, it relates to a different class of officers
altogether.
Mr. STANLY. Does not the bill fix the com-
pensation of public officers5
Tlie CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
this to be a bill to fix the compensation of a par-
ticular class of officers under the Government.
But the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
propose® to regulate the compensation of another
and different claan of officers, and the Chair there-
foie ho'ds 'he amendment to be out of order.
Mr. WALSH. I ask if the bill does not regu-
late the fees and compensation of officers as far
back as | 44.:
Sever*! Members. Oh, no!
Mr. STAN TON. If 1 understand the bill cor-
rectly, it proposes to regulate the compensation of
depositaries of public moneys; and if the collect-
ors——
The CHAIRMAN. The title of the bill will
be read.
The Clerk read the title of the bill, as follows:
" An act to provide compensation to «iieh person* a« may
be designated by the Secretary ol the Treas-ury to receive
and ke*-p the puhhc mouev, under the fi te«>nth «ectmn of
the act • ' 6th ol August, l£4o, tor the additional services
required uuder that ait.'*
The CHAIRMAN. Now, the amendment of
tlie gentleman from Ohio fixes the compensation
of other persons not designated by the Secretary
of the Tieasury to keep the public money.
Mr.STAX fON. Myamendmentcontemplates
the regulation of the tees and compensation of' the
officers collecting the revenue; and so far as they
are depositaries of the public money, it relates to
the same class of officers as the bill does, i can-
not mvself see how the amendment is inappropri-
ate. If the committee will devote only ten minutes
to this subject, they may save certainly $200,000
per annum to the public Treasury. I am satisfied
that the amendment is in order, and 1 should
resret exceed mgl y to be.compelled to abandon it.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman fiom
Tennessee insist on his point of order?
Mr. JONES. 1 do.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair decides
that the amendment is out of order.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the bill be laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
MAIL-STEAMER SERVICE.
Mr. PHELPS. I now move that the commit-
tee proo-ed to the consideration of House bill
No. 349, " muking appropriations for the trans-
poitatiim of the United Stales mail by ocean
■ learners and otherwise, during the fiscal year
ending the 30ih of June, 1854."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to dispense with the
first reading of the bill.
The moimn was asreed to.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. I had intended,
if 1 could have obtained the floorearlier in the ses-
sion, to have made a speech in defence of the sugar
planters of Louisiana, from the attack made
upon them by the gentleman from "Virginia, [Mr.
Meade.] But not having been able to get the
floor until this late period of the session, I ask
leave of this committee to publish that speech in
the Appendix to the Congressional Globe.
The CHAIRMAN, if there be no objection
leave will be granted.
No objection was made.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to say but a word of
explanation with regard to the bill now under con-
sideration. ft contains no appropriation that ts
not authorized by existing law. I hope, therefore,
that there will be no discussion upon it, but that
we shall be able to report it to the House, and dis-
pose of it this evening. !
Mr. DEAN. J desire U  ask thegentleaua from ' |
Missouri whether this bill appropriates the addi-
tional compensation for the Collins line?
Mr. PHELPS. Yes, sir; that is embraced ill
it.
The bill was then read through by sections for
amendment, but no amendment was offered to it.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 mme that the bill be laid
aside, to be leported to tlie House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The motion was agieed to.
Mr. HOI'S I ON. I propose now to take up
the Navy appropriation bill.
Air. HALL. Oh, no! That is out of order,
and I object toit. We have acted upon thiee bills,
and that is enough for to-day.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then 1 move that the com-
mittee do now rise, and report the bills to the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
Tliecommitteeaccordingly rose,and the Speaker
hawii!! resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. lio-
cock) reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had,according to order,
had under consideration the stale of the Union
generally,and particularly the following bills, viz:
Hou e bill No. 333, •' making appropriations for
'the expenses of the Indian Department, and for
'fulfilling treaty stipulations with the various In-
' dian tribes, tor the year ending June 30, 1654,"
Senate bill No. 59, "to provide compensation to
' such persons as may be designated by the Secre-
' tery ot theTieasury toreceiveand keep the public
' money under the litteeuth section of the act of tlie
' 6th of August, lcS4G, for the additional serv ices re-
' quired under that act;" and House bill No. 34'J,
" making appropriations for the transportation of
'the Uniied Slates mail by ocean steamers and
' otherwise, during the fiscal year ending the 30th
'of June, leo4,''and had directed htm to report
the same back to the House, the two former with
amendments, and the latter without amendment,
and with a lecoimnendation that they do pass.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
amendments reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to the Indian
appropriation bill.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. W1LDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled
the following joint resolution and bills; which
thereupon severally received the signature of the
Speaker:
A joint resolution for the relief of John P. Con-
verse, of Ohio;
An act to prevent frauds upon the Treasury of
the United Slates;
An act for the relief of Josiah P. Pilcher, late
a private in company F, second Kentucky regi-
ment of volunteers in the war with Mexico, and
tor other purposes; and
An act to regulate the fees and costs to be
allowed clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the
district courts of the United States, and for other
purposes.
COMPENSATION TO DEPOSITARIES.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I propose that the
House shall first take up and dispose of Senate
bill No. 59. There is one amendment to it re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. 1 presume there will be no ]
objeciion. j
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, that I
course will be pursued.
No objection was made, and the House accord-
ingly proceeded to consider the following bill:
"An act to provide compensation to such persons as may
be designated by the Secretary of the Treasury to receive
and keep the public money under the ]f>ih section ot the
act ol the 6th ot Auuu-t, lts4ti, for the additional services
required under that act."
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
amendment reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now pu'. *
The amendment was then read by the Clerk;
and the question being taken, it was concurred in
by the House.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and having been read a third time, it was passed.
Mr. JONES. I move that the vote last taken,
by which the bill was passed, be reconsidered,
I and that the motion to reconsider do lie upon the
table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agieed to.
STf'AM MAIL SERVICE.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to take tip House bill
No. 341), making uppropi unions for the tiansport-
ation of the mail by ocean steameis for tlie fiscal
year endini; Julie 30, 1854. It has been repotted
iron) the committee.
There was no objection, and the bill was accord-
ing! y taken up.
Mr. PHELPS. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidereil to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and having been engrossed, it
was read the third time and passed.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 move to reconsider the vote
last taken by which the bill passed,and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move to take up the
Indian appropriation bill, and ask the previous
question.
There was no objection, and the bill was taken
up.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HOUSTON. Ts it necessary for me to
move that the amendments be adopted en manse t
The SPEAKER. The usual course will be
adopted. The amendments will be read through,
and if any eentleman desires a separate vote upon
any amendment he will rise in his place and in-
dicate it as it is read.
The amendments were then read through by
the Clerk.
Mt. W1LDRICK. I ask for a separate vote
upon the ninth amendment.
Mr. JON ES, of Tennessee. I will state that the
eighth and ninth as reported are one amendment.
One is a proviso to the other, and they cannot be
reported separately.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands they
were reported separately.
Mr. HALL. To obviate any difficulty, I call
for a separate vote upon the eighth amendment.
Mr. SWEETSER. I ask for a separate vote
upon the twelfth amendment.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ments upon which a separate vote had not been
asked, were adopted.
The amendments reported as the eighth and
ninth were read as one amendment, as follows:
"For pavment in full of all claim under that part of the
treaty of 1811 which ha* relation to tin* erant ot' one hun-
dred thousand acres of land in Jee simple to the Ohio
Shawnees,$,t>6,'.M6 '-'3 : Provided, That the receipt therelor
shall specily lliat it is in lull satisfaction of such claim:
Provided further, That this appropriation shall not bi; held
to affect the m e of the Ohio rihawnees in land* under the
treaties of 182o and 18.tl, within the fiftv miles square ceded
to tlie Missouri rihawnees by the treaty of 18a')."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the result
was—yeas 83, nays 78; as follows:
YE VS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Ashe, Barrere, Bell, Bib-
ighaus, Bocock, Bowie, Bowue, llrenton, Briggs, George
H. Brown, E. Carringlou Cabell, Joseph Cahle, Lewis I).
Campbell, Chapman, Cleveland, Cnttman, Cullom, Darby,
John G. Davis, rin-ney, Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee,
Edgerton, Fay, Filch, Florence, Freeman, Gaylord, Gid-
dings, Goodrich, Gorman, Green, Hall, Harper, Hendricks,
Holladav, Landry, Little, Lockhart, Mace. Mann, McCor-
kle, McMullin, Meade, Miller, Nahers, Olds, Samuel W.
Parker, Penn, Phelps, Porter, Powell, I'ncc, Reed, Roll-
bins, Rolnnson, Sackett, Savage, Schermerhorn, School-
cralt, Schoonmaker, Origen S. Seymour, Stanly, Benja-
min Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Stone, St. Martin,
Sirother, Swectser, Taylor, Tovvnsliend, Walhridge,
Walsh, Washburn, Walking, Welch, Addison White,
Williams, and Yates—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, William Appleton,
Babcock, Brooks, Busby, Thompson Campbell, Chnstain,
Churchwell. Clark, Clemens, Clinuman, Cobb, Colcock,
Daniel. Dawson, Dean, Dimnuck, Eastman, Edmurid>on,
Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Gilmore, Grow, Ham-
ilton, (sham G Harris, Hart, Haws, Hawaii, Haven, He-
bard, Hihhard, Houston, Howard, John W. Howe, Thomas
M. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Hunter, Tngersnll, Ive*, Jack-
son, Jenkins, James Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Georue W.
Joue-, J.GIancy Jones, George (J. King, Preston King,
Kuhns, Kurtz, Letcher, Mason, McDonald, McLanahau,
McNair, McQueen, Millson, Molonv, John Moore, More-
head, Murphy, Murray, Orr, Outlaw, Perkinp, Premon,
