834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
not redeemable in specie. Then, as a disbursing
officer, the funds in his hands were perfectly use-
less. Such being the case, he sold those notes for
an accepted diaft on the Des Moines Land Com-
pany, winch was then of undoubted credit, and
indorsed the same to Colonel Mason, with are-
quest that the proceeds should be deposited to his
credit at St. Louis, the place where he had to pay
over the balance which his accounts, when settled,
should exhibit to be due to the Treasury.
In consequence of a disagreement between the
members of the land company at New York, and
their agents at the West, the acceptance of the
draft was disavowed, and the draft was protested,
and he was thus deprived of the means of refund-
ins: tf) the Treasury the amount of the notes which
had become unavailable in his hands. After con-
siderable labor and expense,hesucceeded in having
those accounts adjusted to the satisfaction of the
Treasury, but not until after his resignation.
He never was a defaulter in the injurious sense
or interpretation of that term. He held an amount
of public money which became unavailable in his
hands, and which he sought to convert into avail-
able funds. While on the books of the Treasury
he appeared as a defaulter, although in fact he
was not so, certain proceedings were had by the
Commanding General of the Army, which coerced
him to surrender his commission.
The act of 18-5 required the disbursing officer
to make quarterly returns, and that, in the event
of his failure to do so, the head of the Department
to which he was responsible, should report him
to the President, to be by him dismissed from
service; but it also provided for his continuance
in office if he could account for his default to the
satisfaction of the President.
The act of 1828 authorized the proper officer to
withhold the compensation due to a defaulting of-
ficer, until he should have accounted for, or paid
into the Treasury, all sums for which he was lia-
ble, and upon the balance being reported to the
Treasury Department, a suit was to be commenced
against the delinquent and his sureties.
His emoluments and allowances were withheld,
and a suit instituted.
in this state of things, the Commanding General
of the Army, under the alleged authority of the
Secretary of War, addressed to him the following
communication:
Head Quarters of the Army, >
Washington, January, 1839. $
Sir : I am sorry to be obliged to communicate to you
that you have been reported by the accounting officer a de-
faulter, and that your name lias been submitted to the Sec-
retary of War a-! such. T have in con-equence to say to
you, by authority of the War Department, that you will be
permitted to resign yonr commission in the Army; but if
you do not do so, you will be dropped fruui the rolls of the
Army.
I am not at all personally acquainted with the state of
your accounts, and the permission to resign is oti'ered to
you rather as a matter of regard to jour l'uiure prosperity,
than any other consideration.
I am, sir, very respectfully, vonr obedient servant,
ALEX. MACOM1S,
Major General Commanding in Chief.
To Lieutenant B. S. Roberts,
Second Dragoons, Carlisle Barracks.
Under the pressure of the menace contained in
this letter, under this duress, by requiring his res-
ignation, on pain of dismissal from service, with-
out affording him an opportunity of being heard in
his defense, or accounting for his default to the
President, as he had a right to do, under the act
of 1823, to avoid the disgrace of that dismissal, a
young and inexperienced, and, as subsequent
events abundantly prove, a gallant and highly-
meritorious officer, was driven to surrender his
commission. He labored for years, and had to
travel to hunt up proof and collect facts to show
the exact circumstances of the transaction, and
finally the matter was settled to the satisfaction
of the Government, and he was restored to the ser-
vice by an appointment to the command of a regi-
ment on the occurrence of the war with Mexico,
and he fought his way up to a colonelcy, doing
gallant service.
The report upon his case, made in the Senate
by Mr. Berrien, a man whose character as a
jurist, and whose competency to investigate ques-
tions of this nature, is well known here, shows
that he was never a defaulter, but only seemingly
so. He lost his commission m the Army because i
he seemed to be a defaulter, when he was not.
His appearance as a defaulter resulted from his
position as an officer, upon the suspension of
: specie payment by the very deposit banks of the
' Government.
Again, they instituted double process against
him—which the law did not authorize—one of
which was to suspend his pay and emoluments
under the act of 1828, without the privilege of
contesting the rightfulness of that suspension;
and the other, a contemporaneous proceeding
under the act of 1823, to take from him forever
all right to pay and emolument, by dismissing
him from the service. All that was done; but
subsequent investigation shows that there was
nothing of wrong or of infidelity as an officer in
this seeming default, which occurred upon the
books of the Government, and he has, with his
blood and his sword, since that time, shown that
he has every claim to the consideration of Con-
gress, by fighting his way up to a high position in
the Army. Every principle of justice requires
that, independent of the dollars involved, we
should redeem his character from this stigma
which has been thrown upon it by an abuse of
power upon the part of his commanding officer at
that time, resulting, perhaps, from a misconcep-
tion of duty, perhaps from a defect in the law,
which compelled him to do injustice to this young
officer.
The bill I propose to take up is Senate bill No.
429, and it proposes to give to Colonel Roberts the
pay that he would have been entitled to had he re-
mained in the Army during the time he was out of
office, under this coercion and duress. I hope I may
have the unanimous consent of the House to take
up the bill. It is not for the dollars involved, but
it is that his character may be relieved from the
stigma resting upon it, that this bill should be
passed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
this bill proposes to pay to Colonel Roberts the
pay of his rank, from the time he resigned until
he was reappointed to a command in the Army.
Mr. GENTRY. The pay of his then rank,
which was that of lieutenant.
Mr. JONES. I object to taking up any such
bill.
Mr. GENTRY. Why, sir, upon every prin-
ciple he was legally and properly an officer of the
Government during the whole time.
Mr. JONES. He was not in the service of the
United States.
Mr. GENTRY. Then I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of taking up and passing the
bill.
The question was taken, and there were 80 in
the affirmative and 39 in the negative. |
So the rules were suspended—two thirds voting
in the affirmative.
The bill was then taken up, and read a first and
second time by its title.
Mr. CLARK. I move the previous question
on the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
not agreed to. ]
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third time;
and it was subsequently, according to order, read a
third time. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, 1 move to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative. i
The question then recurred upon the passage of j
the bill, and being put, there were—ayes 79. noes |
41. _ ji
So the bill was passed. j
Mr. GENTRY moved to reconsider the vote by i,
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion j
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion |J
was agreed to. |j
"WILLIAM HAZARD WIGG, 'i
Mr. COLCOCK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up Senate bill No. 547,
for the relief of William Hazard Wigg.
Mr. JENKINS. I move that the House ad- ■,
journ. jj
The question was put, and the motion was not {;
agreed to. s'
| The bill was then read for the information of
the House by its title, as follows:
t( An act authorizing the adjustment and payment of the
claims of William Hazard Wigg, deceased, for losses sus-
tained by him during the war ol the Revolution."
Mr. ALLISON. As that bill involves some im-
portant principles, 1 object to taking it up in this
way.
Mr. COLCOCK. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. HART. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the House ac-
cordingly adjourned, to meet to-morrow at eleven
o'clock a. m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 25, 1853.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. WADE presented two petitions of citizens
of Ohio, praying the adoption of such measures
as will secure religious liberty to American citi-
zens abroad; which were referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
SALLY T. E. COCHRANE.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Mrs.
Sally T. B. Cochrane, widow of the late Lieuten-
l ant Colonel R. E. Cochrane, United States Army;
I which was read a first and second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It directs
the payment to Mrs. Sally T. B. Cochrane of the
sum of $150, being the value of ahorse belonging
to her late husband, which was used for an ex-
Eress rider in the public service, by the order of
lieutenant Colonel Garland, in command of the
troops at Fort Smith, and which died in conse-
quence of such service.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
REGISTER OP THE BARK MAY.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report a bill to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue a register
to the bark May, of Baltimore, which I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to consider at
this time. In the early part of the last session,
the memorial of William Alexander, asking for
authority to the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
a register to the bark May, was presented to the
Committee on Commerce. On an examination of
the memorial, the committee believed the case was
included in the general law which has been passed,
and therefore they asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and they were discharged.
We have since, on a more careful examination,
found that the case does not come within the
general law; and unless this bill shall pass both
branches of Congress at this session, this gentle-
man, who is a citizen of Baltimore, will be com-
pelled to remain with his vessel at Baltimore until
next December.
The bill was read three times and passed.
Mr. HAMLIN. In connection with the same
case, I move that William Alexander have leave
to withdraw his memorial, now on the files of the
Senate, in order that it may go with the bill to the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
HON. DAVID L. YULF.E.
Mr. MORTON. Near the termination of the
last session of Congress, I introduced a resolutioa
directing per diem and mileage to be paid to the
Hon. David L. Yulee for the time he was de-
tained here contesting the seat of my present col-
league. There not being time then for its consid-
eration, it went over. My impression was that
it would come up under the rules as unfinished
business at this session; but I am informed that
no resolutions except joint resolutions lie over as
unfinished business from session to session. I
therefore beg leave to submit the resolution now.
I do not ask for its consideration at this time, but
I wish to give notice that I will, to-morrow, or on
some early day, ask the Senate to consider and
dispose of it. I now submit the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the Senate, to the Hon. DavidL. Yulee, asuin equal to
the amount of mileage and per diem compensation of a
Senator, from tbe commencement of the firat  ei«ion of the
