ism.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
835
Thirty-second Congress to the 97th of Angast, 1858, the |
^iav on which the Senate decided thai the Hon. Stephen
R."M %llory , whose seat in the Senate was claimed by him,
was duly elected a member of the Senate from the State ot
Florida.
military academy bill.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee of Con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill from the House of Representatives
making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1854, reported:
That the Committee of Conference on the disagreeing
vol Ps of the two Houses on the bill from the House of Rep-
resentatives making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy lor the year ending the 30th of June,
1854, have met, and after full and free conferopce, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their second and fourth
amendments to the said hill.
The Senate proceeded to consider the said re-
port, and concurred therein.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BRADBURY, in pursuance of previous
■notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill to establish a court for the investigation of
claims against the United States; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
MOORE AND HASCALL.
Mr. FELCH. 1 desire to ask of the Senate j
ibis morning to take tip for consideration the bill
which was under consideration the other day, and
which was then laid on the table on motion of
the Senator from New Hampshire, who desires
that it shall be taken up. I refer to the bill from
-the House of Representatives for the relief of
Moore & Hascall—-a bill which I feel very anxious
<o have passed before 1 leave the Senate. There
were some points made in opposition to the bill
the other day which 1 do not propose to argue. I
shall not consume time by answering them. I
simply ask the Senate to do me the favor of taking
up the bill and voting upon it.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the motion will not
be agreed to. That bill will give rise to debate.
It interferes with the interests of another patentee,
and will be discussed. I hope the Senate will not
take it up. It is my wish that we should dispose
of the Army appropriation bill to-day. I fore bo re
to move that it be taken up for fifteen minutes, in
order that we might get through with uncontested
morning business; but I did not give way to busi-
ness of this character.
Mr. FELCH. I am not very fortunate in get-
ting the floor here for any purpose, and it is very
seldom that I ask any favor of the kind. I am
quite certain that this will be the last opportunity
I shall have of throwing myself upon the indul-
gence of the Senate for taking up this or any other
bill. I hope the Senator from Virginia will with-
draw his objection, and allow the bill to be taken
up and a vote to be had upon it. Its friends will
not discuss it.
Mr. HUNTER. There is no Senator whom I
would more gladly oblige than the Senator from
Michigan; but I know this is a matter which is
very much contested. The Senator from Rhode
Island {Mr. Jambs] will oppose the bill, and I sub-
mit whether we should take up these individual
claims, which are contested, at the expense of the
appropriation bills. I hope the bill will not be
taken up; and if the Senate shall vote down the
motionr I intend to move to take up the Army ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. CASS. The friends of the bill are willing
that the vote shall be taken upon it without any
answer to the arguments against it. What ob-
jection can there be, thai, to taking it up? The
argument in opposition® it has been fully heard,
and but little has been said in its favor; but still
the friends of the bill are perfectly willing to take
the vote. There are strong reasons why the vote
should be taken immediately.
Mr. JAMES. I hope that the bill will not be
taken up at this moment. I feel obliged, as the
organ of the Committee on Patents, to apeak
against the bill. I have not my minutes here this
morning, and I am not prepared to go on. If the
tentleman will call it up to-morrow, or any other
ay after this morning, I will be prepared to go on.
I feel compelled to speak against the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the motion will not
be persisted in, but that we shall go on with the
Army appropriation bill.
The motion of Mr. Felch was agreed to, and
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill for the relief
of Moore & Hascall, the pending question being
upon the amendment of Mr. James to strike out
these words:
"Together with the improvements invented by them, or
either of them, in perfecting said machine, or any part
thereof, from the date of their original patent to the day
from which the same is hereby renewed and extended."
And to insert in lieu of it these words:
"That any additional claim to said letters-patent of 1836,
so made and presented to the Patent Office for letters-pat-
ent under the provisions of this act, shall be for a patent- [
able improvement or addition, and shall by this act, in the
same manner, be open to be contested on the ground of pri-
ority of invention, or other legal ground."
Mr. HUNTER. Before the debate on this bill
is commenced, I should like to be allowed to try
the sense of the Senat^once more. It is obvious
that this bill is going to take up a great deal of
time. The House has passed all the appropria-
tion bills except the Navy bill, and unless we send
them the Army bill to-day, they will have no more
business of that sort to occupy them. For the
purpose of ascertaining the sense of the Senate
whether or not we shall go on with the Army bill,
I move to lav this bill on the table; and on that
question I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CASS I have no objection to the motion
being made, but I think it is a most extraordinary
course to ask the Senate to reverse its own decis-
ion.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 24; as follows:
'YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Brooke, Charlton, Clarke,
Cooper, Dawson, Douglas, Hunter, James, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Mangum, Morton, Pettit, Seward, Smith, Spru-
ancc, and Wade—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Borland, Bradbury,
Bright, Brodhead, Cass, Chase, Davis, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Downs, Felch, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Hamlin, Mallory,
Norris, Phelps, Rusk, Sebastian, Sumner, Toucey, Under-
wood, and Weller—24.
So the motion to lie on the table was rejected.
Mr. JAMES. Mr. President, the policy of the
patent law is to reward inventors properly and suffi-
ciently for the benefits they have conferred on the
community, without at the same time depriving
the community of any vested rights. This prin-
ciple forms the dividing line between monopolies
before, and patent rights since, the English statute
of James, known as the Statute of Monopolies.
Before the passage of that act, the king, some-
times with and sometimes without the concurrence
of the coordinate department of Government, was
in the habit of conferring on a particular subject
some privileges which, practically right, were
withdrawn for that purpose from the public. Since
that act no such grant can be made; but, at the
same time, citizens who add something to the
stock of useful improvements are- permitted to en-
joy for a limited time the exclusive possession of
what they have thus added. Natural reason
serves to indicate that the inventor should have a
perpetual right in what he himself has created, just
as the owner of other incorporeal rights may hold
them in perpetuity.
It is not thought oppressive that a right of way
across my land, or a right of fishery in my wa-
ters, should be the subject of perpetual ownership,
and there is no reason in the nature of the case
why the right to make, use, and sell what one
invents, should not also be placed in the same
position. But the wisdom of the framers of the
Constitution has suggested a more restricted ten-
ure for this species of property, and Congress
has narrowed the period of enjoyment to very con-
tracted limits. Hence it is that there is a very
general sympathy with inventors felt by almost
every enlightened mind, and a disposition to favor
them to the utmost of the constitutional power
of Congress. With this sympathy I heartily
concur, and ever have done, and ever shall do
what I can to make it valuable and useful to this
class of persons, whom I have found to be the
greatest benefactors of mankind in a physical point
of view. Entertaining these views of the law, its
policy, and the proper feelings of sympathy with
inventors, I find myself compelled to resist the
passage of the act now before us, in the shape in
which it is presented. I shall not assume that
there is any improper use intended to be made of
this act, or that the persons who apply here have
any design to defeat the general policy of the law;
but if I should show that, on the face of the bill
itself, there is the trait of a power which might,
and probably would, in this particular case, sub-
vert the great principle of depriving the communi-
ty of vested rights in order to reward an inventor,
I shall have shown that the bill is exactly like the
grant of a monopoly before the statute of James,
and is therefore odious in the law.
The facts appear to be these: Moore & Has-
call, before the 27th of June, 1836, made an in-
vention of a reaping machine, which they patented
on that day. On the 27th of June, 1850, that
patent expired; and no attempt, so far as we have
any evidence, was made to procure its extension
by the properly-authorized court. Subsequently,
the bill before us was introduced into the House
of Representatives, and passed there. The very
first objection which strikes the mind is, that these
parties have slept on their rights. They have
permitted the public to have the use of their in-
vention by permitting their patent to expire with-
out renewal; and there is no provision in this bill
to respect the rights of those who, in good faith,
have used this improvement, and laid out their
money in it, under the impression that the title
had become public. If this improvement has gone
into general use for the two and a half years since
the expiration of the patent, are those who use it
to be compelled to lose their money invested in
machines constructed according to this patent?
The property in the invention has become public
property—may have been very largely used—and
all the rights accruing under such use are now to
be sacrificed. This is an objection which seems
to me to be fatal to the bill. It is like an ancient
monopoly; and as much as I desire to encourage
inventors, I do not think the public ought to be
wronged for their benefit. Indeed, the true inter-
est of inventors, as a class, is, to deal fairly with
the public, in order that they may receive liberal
treatment in return. One such act as this, pro-
vided their machine has gone into general use,
(and if it has not the patent is not worth extend-
ing,) would do more to destroy the foundation on
which patents stand, than twenty such inventions
could repair. The maxim of the law is, that the
laws give their aid to the vigilant and not to the
negligent; and I do not see why patentees are not
as much affected by this principle as any other
persons. Even real estate, which is the peculiar
favorite of the law of England, is lost by long
delay in claiming it. Yet there may be cases in
which, from some peculiar circumstances, Con-
gress ought to extend a patent after it has expired;
always guarding, however, the rights of those
who have acquired them after the expiration. The
other objections to the bill are equally cogent.
The bill provides that the patent shall be ex-
tended, and that, in addition to what is contained
in the patent itself, the inventors may incorporate
«' the improvements invented by them, or either
' of them, in perfecting said machine, in any part
• thereof,from thedateoftheiroriginalpatent to the
' day from which the same is hereby renewed and
'extended." This provision is monstrous. Who
is to say what those improvements are ? The in-
ventors are not even required to swear to them;
and no one is authorized to examine, and allow or
reject them, as is the case of an original grant of
a patent. The inventor himself simply draws a
sort of appendix to his patent, and that is incor-
porated into his grant for fourteen years to come.
But what is the object of this provision ? Exam-
ine its operation and see. Suppose these persons
to have invented improvements within the time
mentioned, and what is the condition of such im-
provements, in respect to the inventors and the
public? They must be in one of four oonditions:
either they were invented less than two years ago,
or they were invented more than two years ago;
and if invented more than two years ago, they
have either been abandoned to the public, by al-
lowing them to be used and sold, or they are still
in the breasts of the inventors, and unknown to
the public.
Now, the act of 1837 allows an inventor to
use his invention two years before patenting it,
in order to enable him to test its value and per.
feet its operation; but that use must be for such
purpose, and must not amount to a dedication
to the public. This is a very liberal provision
of the law, and is a great improvement on the
English system in this respect. If,, therefore,
the improvements spoken of in this act were in-
vented within two years, these claimants can nav#
