1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
837
< ent to the day from which the same is hereby
* renewed and extended; and the Commissioner of
' Patents is hereby directed and required to make
* a certificate of such renewal and extension, and
' append an authenticated copy thereof to the on-11
' einal patent, with the proper specifications and ,
4 clairaa." All this is proposed to be granted,
singular to say, without even the solemnity of an
oath being required from these persons who are to
iiave this enormous benefit extended to them. K
ts not proposed that the Commissioner of Patents
ehaU take into consideration the claims and speci-
fications made by these parties under oath, and
allow then a renewal of a patent for what they
have invented; bat it is proposed to give them, in
the language of this bill, these exclusive rights to
what they may have either secretly or publicly
discovered and invented from the time of the ori-
ginal patent down to the time at which the exten-
sion commences.
This, then, in point of fact, is not the exten-
sion of a patent, but it is the grant of a new pat-
wit; and it not only grants a new patent for what
bas long since vested in the public; it proposes not
only to take from the public what has long since
been vested in them, but to take it under circum-
stances of the most peculiar kind. Why, sir,
some thingsthat are claimed to have been invented
by these persons have long since been patented
by others. Patents for some things that are
claimed by these gentlemen, and of which they
wish to avail themselves, have even expired.
Fourteen years have run in favor of other pat-
entees,and upon some of the very items for which ,
it is now sought by legislation to obtain a new j
and original patent. I
Mr. MORRIS. The Senator from Wisconsin j
will be kind enough to tell us what these things I
flLTC ? '
Mr. WALKER. If the Senator will tell me
what is included in My other reaping or harvest-
ing machine in the country, I will tell him what it
is they claim. What is proposed to be done by
tkis bill ? It ra said by its friends that it is a mere
extension of a patent. Is it so ? No, sir; it is to
go behind the original patent, for it includes any-
thing which they invented, which was included
in their model, drawings, or specifications. The
model has been burnt and the drawings and speci-
fications do not contain some of the very things,
for which I understand these gentlemen seek to
get a patent. Then, those things are in the burnt
model, and it is to rest, if the Senate please, upon
the oral testimony, upon the failing memory of
persons, who seventeen years ago may have seen
something in that model which is now burnt, and
which they can oomefotfWard and swear to, depend-
ent upon their memories, fives the parties them-
selves are not required to swear to their invention*;
but the failing memory of man, without anything
of an authentic character being foUnd in the Patent
Office, is to be relied upon to show what was in
that model which has so long since been burnt.
But the bill goes further. It gives them not ,
wily an exclusive right to make and use, and to
vend to others to be made or used, whatever maiy
be included in the model, drawings, or specifica-
tions, bat it includes everything which these par-
ties may Bay they have invented from that day
down to the day at which the extension takes
effect. How are you to find this out? Are you
to so to the model? That is burnt. Are you to
ga to die drawings and specifications ? They do
not show these alleged improvements. How,
then, are they to be shown I As I remarked upon
another occasion, when this subject was before
us, they are to resort to the vast multitude, ana
find out from the dim recollections laid away in
the memories of men what these gentlemen have
invented from a period seventeen years back down
to the present day. Other persons, when they
claim a patent, have to go to the Patent Office to
submit their claims, models, drawings, and speci-
fications, to be examined by the proper officers;
and if they be found to conflict with other patents
or other claims, notice is given to other parties,
and an issue of priority is made up. The parties
are required to swear, and there is a trial on that
issue of priority, and a patent is issued as the re-
shit of that trial as a matter of right. But here
we are asked to steer clear of the Patent Office, to
avoid all the laws which regulate the issue of pat-
ents, and blindly, by legislation, to give an exclu-
sive right to these gentlemen not only to what
they may prove was in their burnt model, and
which does not appear in the drawings or specifi-
cations, but also to give to them the benefit of
everything wnich they may be able to show by
any kind of testimony that they invented from a
period seventeen years back down to the present
day. I think this is going a little too far.
I promised, when I rose, to contrast this bill with
another one which 1 hold in my hand. The com-
mencement of the bill is this: " That there be, and
' hereby is, granted to Hiram Moore and John
« Hascall, and to their heirs, assignees, and legal
' representatives, for the term of fourteen years
« from (he 27th day of June, 1850, the full and ex-
« elusive right and liberty of making, constructing,
• and vending to othersto be madeand used,"&c.
I hold in my hand a bill for the extension of a
patent, which is in the usual form, and how does
that read? "That the letters-patent granted to
' Cyrus McCormick, a citizen of the United States, !
' dated the 21st day of June, in "the year of our \
' Lord 1834, for new and useful improvements in j
' the machine for reaping all kinds of small grain," j
and also other patents taken out at subsequent :
dates, which are given, " shall be extended' to a
certain period. The provision there is, that his
patents shall be renewed and extended. There- ;
fore, every person else can come in and contest
the patent upon the score of priority. But here -
Moore & Hascall will not take a simple extension
of their patent, but they ask you to legislate to
them the exclusive right at once, and there is no
hope left for anybody else.
Mr. President, this bill sweeps away the nghts
of McCormick, and the rights of Hussey, and
Casey, and every other person who has made in-
ventions and improved machinery in this respect.
It steers clear of the regulations of the Patent
Office; it sweeps from the books of the Patent
Office every remaining vestige of right which those
parties have. And this, too, by a legislative adju-
dication contrary to any precedent that can be
shown, or in feet that ever did exist. It is enor-
mous. „ _ ,
I have begged and prayed of Mr. Moore to
take a simple extension of his patent; but he will
be contented with nothing short of having, by a
legislative adjudication, this exclusive right and
privilege given to him. Who here, that represents
an agricultural constituency) can go home and tell
them we have given to Moore &. Hascall, by
legislation, the exclusive right to all these things?
When our constituents go to buy a harvesting
machine of Hussey, or McCormick, or Casey, or
anybody else, they will have to inquire, not only
Is this a good machine? but, Is there anything in
the claims of Moore & Hascall which conflicts
with it? The vender may inquire, What a that to
you if it conflicts) The answer will be: " This
is What it   to rae: In the midst of my harvest
I may be enjoined from using the machine;" and
wh*' Because Gofigresa, not referring it to the
Judiciary or the Patent Offiee, have positively
legislated that Moore & Hascall shall have the
exclusive right and privilege of manufacturing
and vending, and selling to others to be used and
vended, anything in their model, drawings, or spe-
cifiations, or anything which can be proved by the
mere memory of man that they have used for ,
seventeen years back. " I must go to Moore &
Hascall to buy a machine, because I cannot have
the privilege of enjoying my machine, but I may
be enjoined in the middle of the harvesting season ]
from using another machine, and my harvest will j
be destroyed." ..
I appeal to the Senate not to step forward in this
manner and take out of the hands of the Judiciary,
and out of the hands of the Patent Office, this lm- '
portant question—important to the greatest inter-
ests of the country—and place it by judicial legis- •
lation in the hands of a company, to constitute a
monopoly against which there can be no hope of
resistance. I hope the Senate will not do it. Let us
amend the bill so as to make it provide for a sim-
ple extension of the patent, and then I will sup-
port it. Nobody complains that there is no merit
on their part. I do not, for one. I am anxious
to give them an extension of their patent. I begged
them to take it, and I think that if the bill be re-
stricted, we shall pass it with unanimity. I have
made myself to a considerable extent, an interested
party in this matter, because I represent an dgri-
cultural country, and I do not want the farmers of
that region to be placed in this predicament. 1
have begged the parties to take a simple extension
of the patent. They will not do it. And now,
since they have come to us and asked for legisla-
tion, my advice is, that we lake this bill and amend
it, and make it a simple bill extending the patent
of these gentlemen, and then let them have.it. In
order that this may be done, I move to recommit
the bill to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office.
Ik UlllUC,
The motion was agreed to; there being on a
division—ayes 22, noes 18.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Hates, its Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had passed the following bill and
joint resolution of the Senate:
A bill for the relief of Benjamin S. Roberts;
A resolution to provide for the straightening the
eastern boundary line of the naval hospital lands
at New York.
Also, that it had passed the following bills:
| An act to establish certain post roads; and
An act for the relief of Edward Box.
post route bill.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
i establish certain post roads, was read twice and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
' Post Roads.
indian appropriation bill.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Hates, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that it had passed a bill " making ap-
! priation for the current and contingent expenses
' of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the year
ending 30th of June, 1854;" which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
army appropriation biil.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill from the House
of Representatives making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1854; the pending question being on the
amendment, as modified, of Mr. walker, to^ the
amendment of Mr. Chase, from the Committee
on Roads and Canals, to strike out all except the
appropriation clause, and insert a substitute,
which reads as follows:
That with a view to the ultimate construction of one or
more ra'ilroads from some suitable point west of the Mis-
sissippi river to some suitable point on ihe coast of the
Pacific ocean, or the eastern line of cahfbrriia. within the
jurisdiction of the United States, there shall be detailed
from the CorpsofTopographica) Engineersa sufficient force,
whose duty it shall be to proceed, as soon as practicable,
to select, survey, locate, and mark, on the most proper and
eligible ground, a route, not more than three hundred feet
tor 255 railroad; and to make and report to the Sec-
retary ef War a map of such survey and location, together
with an approximate estimate of Uie cost of constructing
such railroad; andiliat the sum of one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars, or so mucb thereof as may be necessary,
be, and the same « hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasnry not otherwise appropriated, to defray the
exnense of such explorations and survey.
Hfc 2 belt further enacted. That, as soon as prac-
ticable after said route shall have been surveyed and located,
there shall be surveyed, as the other lauds of the United
States have been heretofore surveyed, six townships wide
on either side of said route, through the whole extent of the
public lands along such route, the even-numbered sections of
which lands so to be surveyed, e*cept sections thirty
sixteen, shall be granted and patented by the United States,
free of cofct, in quantities not exceeding one hundred and
 i*tv acres to each person who shall settle upon, occupy,
and cultivate the same for one year: Provided, That such
occupant shall be the head of a family, or, if single,, of Ithe
aee of twenty-one years or upwards—a citizen of the Um-
tA<i qtate^ or having declared his or her intention to be-
comt S, according to the natu rahzation laws of the Uni-
ted States; and the odd-numbered sections of said land
Ihall be sacredly held and disused of for the ultimate con-
traction ofsaid railroad, and the furnishing and equipment
of the same. That said route or routes, for Ihe road or
roads herein provided for, to be selected by the
of the United States from among those surveyed, he having
doe regard to the expense, grades, intercourse, commerce,
and military defenses end protection of the whole country.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered. , „ . „
Mr. GWIN. I suggest to the Senator from
Wisconsin to make an amendment to hw amend-
ment, to reserve from these donations the mirera
lands in California. We eannot submit totheir
being disposed of in the manner proposed m the
'"m"/"WALKER. I will modify my amend-
