850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
obtained which are preferable, but possibly would j
require a ereater price.
Air. PRATT. I wish to inquire of the friends >
of this measure, if the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio is adopted, and whether or not, the
commissioners who were originally empowered to
make ihe selection of the site would not be still
empowered to act upon that subject, and select, if
they thought best, the Blue Lick Springs ' I de-
sire the opinion of the friends of the measure.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio will not prevail. If
I understand the sense of the Senate, it voted un-
derstandingly on the question in Committee of
the Whole, and upon the very ground as laid
down in the report of Dr. Lawson, that there are
houses already at the Clue Licks to receive these ,
old soldiers who are constantly dying. That is the ,
ground upon which I predicate the argument, and
upon which I hope the Senate will act. If you 1
strike it out, you lose sight of the great feature
which seemed to have attracted the attention of
the gentlemen who went there and examined it.
This is takingno power from the Board. It is not
obligatory. The selection will still have to go
through the ordeal of the Board and the President,
and I do hope that the Senators who sustained it
on the yeas and nays before will sustain it now.
Mr. PRATT. I desire the gentleman to answer
the question which I put, whether, if the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio is adopted, the
commissioners may not still select the Blue Lick
Springs ?
Mr. JONES. Undoubtedly. They can do it
now. It is not obligatory, one way or the other.
Mr. PRATT. I want the Blue Lick Springs
selected, provided that is the best point. I have
no doubt those officers will take into view what
has been said by the Senator from Tennessee, and
they will select this point if it be advantageous, 1
because of the houses or anything else on it. j
Mr. BRIGHT. That is niy position. I have
no objection to the Blue Lick Springs, provided it
is the best place to be selected. But I am unwill-
ing that the Blue Licks should be singled out and ,
designated by us as the point, thus giving it the
preference over all other places.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The friends of the
measure are willing to yield that point.
Mr. DAWSON. I accept the amendment.
Mr. BRADBURY. I wish to inquire whether
the amendment, with the words Blue Lick Springs
stricken out, refers to the former act, and whether
that act does not designate the Blue Lick Springs ?
Mr. DAWSON. Not at all. This is an amend-
ment appropriating money.
Mr. CHASE. I desire to have the question
taken on the amendment as modified. I will with-
draw the call for the yeas and nays, if there is no
objection.
Unanimous consent being given, the call was
withdrawn.
The question being then taken on the amend-
ment to the amendment, it was agreed to.
Mr. CHASE. For the purpose of carrying
out the same object, I move to strike out the words
"as authorized by the eighteenth section of the
Army appropriation act, approved August 31,
1852." That section of the act directs the pu
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
chase of this particular site, provided it is an
eligible location.
Mr.JONES. The Senator is wholly mistaken.
There is no such thing in the act at all. The act
referred to was one authorizing the establishment
of the military asylum.
Mr. CHASE. Then the amendment to the
amendment can do no harm. j
Mr. PRATT. I wish to understand this. !
Mr. CHASE. I will read the 18th section of
r/^aCt t0 w^'ch I refer. It enacted that the Board
of Commissioners of the Military Asylum, "be,
* they, or a part of them, are hereby, author-
* lzed to examine the Blue Lick Springs, and the
' land attached thereto, and if the same be found
• eligible for the purpose, and can be secured of the
« proprietors, or any suitable quantity of the land
• including the buildings, at a reasonable price, to
1 purchase the same for the Government of the
' United States, and to locate thereon the W«t '
«ern Military Asylum."
Now, if we increase the militarv appropriation,
and direct it to be applied in conformity with the
act of Congress, of course that site will be selected.
to.
Mr. DAWSON called for the reading of the
amendment as amended; and it.was read, as fol-
lows:
" Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That for the purpose
of enabling the Ooirimi;>siimers of the Mihuiry A.*)lum to
purchase a suitable sue, with avinwof establi-liuiy thereat
the Western .Yfilnary A«>linn, tliesum ol .$10,0Ij0, in addi-
tion to the sum lit the hands of the commissioners, be anil
the same is hereby, appropriated."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senator from
Ohio referred to the section of the law which was
referred to in the original amendment. I under-
stood from my friend from Georgia, who drew it
up, that the 18th section referred to the act. I did
not suppose that it related to the act of last session,
but it seems that 1 was mistaken.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 would suggest that there is
no necessity now for this appropriation. These
commissioners have money enough in their hands,
and the only object of the sum proposed to be
appropriated, $10,000, is to add enough to the
sum already in their hands to enable them to buy
the Blue Lick Springs, for which a large price is
demanded.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the amendment will now
be adopted. There is a compromise between the
friends of the Blue Lick and those opposed to
that site, aud that compromise is to appropriate
$10,000, which will enable those commissioners,
if they think it as the best point, to select the
Blue Lick Springs. Without an appropriation
they cannot select it, and the refusal of the appro-
priation will be to say that this site shall not be
taken. We want the whole thing open.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope that nothing which has
fallen from the Senator from Maryland, will leave
the impression that hy this amendment we intend
to give a preference for the BlueLick Springs over
every other point in the West.
Mr. PRATT. Not at all.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the amendment bore that
construction, I should certainly vote against it.
Mr. BORLAND. My reason for saying that
there was no necessity for the appropriation's
because the 16th section of the act, passed Au-
gust 31, 1852, provides that this Board of Com-
missioners, or any part of them, " are hereby au-
' thorized to examine the Blue Lick Springs, and
1 the land attached thereto, and if the same be found !
' eligible for the purpose, and can be secured of the
' proprietors, or any suitable quantity of land, in-
' eluding the buildings, at a reasonable price, to
' purchase the same for the Government of the
' United States, and to locate thereon the Western
' Military Asylum." The proper manner, it seems
to me, would be to amend that section by strikinc
out the Blue Licks, and not make this appropria-
tion, thereby leaving money enough in the hands
of the commissioners to select a" site under the
general authority.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish now to renew the amend-
ment which I offered as in Committee of the
Whole in relation to thearmories. 1 moved, when
we were in Committee of the Whole, an amend-
ment by which discietion was given to the Presi-
dent to employ a military officer or a civilian as
superintendent, as he might deem the public inter-
ests required. I now wish to renew that propo-
sition.
Mr. BUTLER. If the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will give way, I will move to strike out
altogether the appropriations for the armories,
and let the arms be made by contract, because I
know the armories are besieged by stock-jobbers
ready to go and take possession of this money. I
wish, therefore, to move, before the question is put
on the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts,to
strike out the appropriation for the armories, and
leave the Government to get its arms made by
contract.
Mr. HUNTER. The effect of striking out the
appropriation would not be to leave the Govern-
ment to make contracts, but to diminish the ap-
propriation for the manufacture of arms to that
amount.
Mr. BUTLER. According to what was said
the other day by the honorable Senator from
Michigan, there is no necessity for it now, and
let us suspend operations for a year. I know that
persons are ready to go in and seize upon this ap-
propriation immediately. I do not know but that
![ there are some of them in my committee-room
i now. I cannot go there that I do not find some
one ready to advise the Government what to do
on the subject of the armories. I have positively
to be repulsive to some of these people.
Mr. DAVIS. I presume the question will first
beon my amendment, which is, to strike out all the
proviso in the bill as it came'from the House, in
relation to superintendents of the armories, after
the word " next," and insert:
That the act of Conirre^s approved August 23, 1842, be
so modified that the Pie-ident may, if in his opinion the
public interest deinamN it, place over any of the armories
a Mipernitendrrit who does not belong 10 the Army.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) The Senator from Massachusetts
moves to strike out a portion of the hill which the
Senate has just resolved to retain in that form;
therefore his amendment is not in order.
Mr. DAVIS. I think th e amendment is in
order, or else it is impossible to make it. It could
not be moved, it seems to me, befoie the vote was
taken, on concurrence; and now it is not a propo-
sition to strike out the whole of that which we
have agreed to retain, but to strike out a part of it.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Senate has refused to
strike out the proviso, but it seems to me that it
would still be subject to modification.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
have refused to strike out the whole of the proviso,
and that, according to parliamentary law, is equiv-
alent to a vote to retain it; and therefore another
motion to strike out any part of it is not in order.
Mr. BAYARD. I voted in the negative on the
question of concurrence in that amendment, and I
move to reconsider the vote, so as to allow the
Senator from Massachusetts an opportunity of
offering his amendment.
Mr. RUSK. I move an adjournment.
! Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall not now ad-
journ. Let us finish the bill. I must call for the
yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was lost, there being, on
a division, ayes 15, noes 29.
Mr. PRATT. Now let the motion of the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware be considered a test
question, and it will at once decide the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. JAMES called for the yeas and nays on
the motion to reconsider, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 22; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Bell, Borland, Butler,
Charlton, Clarke, Davis, Dawson, De Saussure, Fitzpat-
rick. Font, Gvvm, Jones of Tennessee, Miller, Morton,
Pearce, Sebastian, Shields, Smith, Spruance, Underwood-
and Walker—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Brodhead, Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodge olTowa, Douglas Downs, Felch, Houston, Hunter,
James, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mason, NorrK Petm, Pratt,
Rusk, Reward, Soul*'', Sumner, Wade, and WHler—22.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WELLER. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. Ihopeweshall
go on and get through with this bill.
Mr. WELLER. We shall never get through-
with it if we are constantly reconsidering.
Mr. HUNTER. We are nearly through now.
I think we are in sight of land.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to, there
being, on a division, ayes 17, noes 24.
Mr. DAVIS. I now move to amend theamend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole, by
strikinsr out all of the proviso after the word
" next," and inserting:
That the act of Congress approved Aii<rnst93,1812, be so
modified that the President of the United Slates mav. if in
his opinion the public interest demands it, place over the ar-
mories a superintendent who does not belong to Ihe Army.
Mr. SHIELDS. I shall not object to the hon-
orable Senator's amendment, but I move as an
addition to it—and I presume he will have no ob-
jection to accept it—the following:
Jlml provided farther, That the Secretary of War be
directed to cause the necessary and proper inquiries to be
instituted through the medium of a commi^ion of civilians
and military men, with the view of ascertaining which of
the two systems is the more eeononiical.efficient, and sate
for the management of the public armories .—that formerly
existing under the superintendence of civil officer*, or that
now existing under til" Miperinteudence of officers of the
Ordnance Department; aud to make report thereof to Con-
1 greba at their next session.
