852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
self to its prejudices and caprices. I have no dis-
position whatever to arraign any gentleman, or
to cast the slightest reflection on any one; but I
do say, that from an exhibit that happened to fall
in my way, I have learned that the arms were,
considering labor-saving, the cheapness of mate-
rial, and everything of that kind, manufactured
as cheap, if not cheaper, under the civil superin-
tendence and the general direction of the Secre-
tary of War, than they are now done under mili-
tary superintendence.
Sir. BUTLER I have not said that the honor-
able Senator from Texas used this language, but
I do say that language has been used, and very
freely used, by persons who wish this change
made. Will the honorable Senator say that there
are not persons here from Boston, or the neighbor-
hood of Boston, and from Harper's Ferry, who
have been anxious for this change?
Mr. HOUSTON. I have never seen one from
Springfield, and I believe but one from Harper's
Ferry.
Mr. BUTLER. I know they are here. The
charge has been made that military rule is obnox-
ious; and against one of the gentlemen, perhaps,
a more distinct charge is made than against the
other. All that I nowask is, that the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois, chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, be adopted, so that
there may be some investigation. I will say, in
reference to these two gentlemen, that I believe
neither of them sought the command of these arm-
ories, but they were placed there because of their
qualifications for the post.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President  
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator
give way to enable me to make a statement?
Mr. RUSK. I wish to give a reason for the
change, as the honorable Senator from South Car-
olina has asked it.
Mr. SHIELDS. Perhaps what I have to say
will save the necessity of the honorable Senator s
remarks.
Mr. RUSK. I intend to give some reasons
why I shall vote against the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois, and I shall not occupy five
minutes.
Mr. WELLER. I hope the honorable Senator
will give way for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. RUSK. That motion has been made twice
and rejected. I can get through in five minutes.
Several Senators. Give way! Give way!
Mr. RUSK. I give way.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate ad-
journ. i
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise to a question of or-1
der.
Several Senators. There is a motion to ad-
journ pending.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I presume that motion will
be withdrawn when I make a statement, which
affects the whole question. I refer to the recon-
sideration which was not carried, but which was
so announced by a mistake of the Clerk in adding
up.
Mr. JAMES. That is the fact.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the motion will be
withdrawn.
Mr. PRATT. I withdraw it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to call attention to the
fact that the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,]
in my hearing, voted against the motion to recon-
sider, and his vote is not recorded. If that vote
be recorded, the motion will be lost.
Mr. BRIGHT. I voted against the reconsider-
ation.
Mr. BELL. It is too late now.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is never too late to correct
the record.
Mr. BAYARD. There is no mistake in the
record,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger.)
The Chair would suggest to the Senator from Il-
linois, that as his object is not to correct a vote
erroneously recorded, but to enter one that does
riot appear on the record, in order to do it the roll
must be railed again.
Mr. CHASE. I move, under the circum-
stances, that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. Let us get through
the Army bill to-night.
Mr. CHASE. I insist upon my motion.
The motion, was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
ourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
1 Friday, February 25, 1853.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first question before the
House is upon the suspension of the rules, upon
the motion made for that purpose by the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Colcock,] on
; yesterday, to enable him to take up a Senate bill
! for the relief of William Hazard Wigg.
LETTER FROM MR. STANLY.
The Chair has received a communication from
Mr. Stanly, of North Carolina, with a request
that it be laid before the House. If it be not ol>-
I jected to, I should be pleased to do so at this time.
No objection being made, the communication
! was about being read by the Clerk: when
Mr. GORMAN said: I suppose it is hardly
: worth while to read the communication now, as I
presume the object of the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] will be attained by having
it printed. I therefore move that the communica-
tion be laid upon the table and printed, in connec-
tion with the papers of Thomas Ap Catesby
Jones, to which this communication refers.
Several Members. Let the communication be
read.
It was then read, as follows:
Housf of Representatives, Feb. 23, 1853.
Sir : The Speaker will remember, that on Tuesday last
he presented to the House of Representatives a letter from
T. Ap Catesby Jones, Captain United States Navy, which
was referred to the Cemmittee on Naval Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed, on motion of a gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bocock.]
From what I could hear of the letter, as indistinctly read
at the Clerk's table, I supposed it had reference to the bill
for the relief of James McCormick, "or his properly au-
i thorized agent," and I moved to amend the motion of the
J gentleman from Virginia by ordering the printing also of
certain papers now before the Committee on Naval Affairs,
! relating to that claim. The propriety of my amendment
I was at once seen by the gentleman from Virginia. He as-
: sented to it, as he did subsequently to another motion to
1 print all the papers as an act of justice to Lieutenant
Meade, who I ascertained was assailed grossly in Commo-
dore Jones's letter.
On examining the papers accompanying Commodore
] Jones's letter, but not read at the Clerk's table, for they
were presented to the House under a sealed envelope, I
find he uses language reflecting on me. He states that
Lieutenant R. W. Meade bad renewed his libelous attacks
on him, (Commodore Jones,) " aided now by a member of
| the House of Representatives, the Hon. Edward Stanly,
known to be extremely inimical to me," (Commodore
Jones.)
! I do not propose now to speak of Commodore Jones's
i letter as il deserves, or as I might be justified in doing, nor
l on the impropriety of his reflecting on the official conduct of
, a member of this House, and that, too, without informing
I himself of the truth.
| If I were " extremely inimical" to him—if I had been
' malicious enough to desire the ruin of his character—my
! object would have been accomplished by the judgment of
his peers who tried him. I refer to " the proceedings of a
court-martial on Commodore Thomas Ap Catesby Jones "
! &c., &c.—Ex. Doc.j Sen., No. 45, 31sf Con?., %Ises. '
I will not refer to the judgment in detaii. I am, as a
member of Congress, rather inclined to throw a veil over
the terrible exposure made of Commodore Jones. My
; purpose is not now to repel the charge made on me, since",
independently of the proceedings of the court-martial, I am
| above its reach; but to do justice to Lieutenant Meade. As
! I understandthe facts,Lieutenant Meade resigned hiscom-
; mission on a point of honor. He had solicited investigation,
which was denied him, and thought he had been unjustly
dealt with by Commodore Jones. His friends, who exain
j ined the case, concurred in this opinion. Being unwilling
the Navy should lose so gallant an officer, they applied to
the Executive for his restoration. The Committee on Na-
val Affairs of the Senate, I heard, unanimously recom-
mended his restoration.
' The illustrious Henry Clay, having known Mr. Meade
from his childhood, and having understood all the facts,
earnestly solicited he should be restored, as I heard from
his own lips. This was enough, apart from other consid
erations, to command my sympathy. Before Mr. Meade's
restoration, he had, as I understood, addressed the Com
miftee on Naval Affairs in this House, or m the Senate,
making complaint of Commodore Jones, and asking an in
vestigation in vindication of his own character. When I
, heard of Mr. Meade's restoration, (though " extremely inim
, ical,") I was guilty of the presumption of asking him, on
! his own account, to forget all cause of quarrel he might
i have against the Commodore; that his (Meade's) res-tora
tion was tantamount to an acquittal, and I thought it would
I injure him to carry on his warfare, especially after the pub-
■ lication of the proceedings of the court-martial beiore re-
! ferred to.
If Lieutenant Meade is attacking Commodore Jones I am
not aware of it; if he intends or desires to do it I have no
knowledge of it. He hasnevermade known any such pur-
pose tome. I hope he entertains none such. I do not beh«-ve
he even thought of renewing any attack on Commodore
Jones. If he were to consult me, I should advise him to
forbear, not because he has no justification, hut because
Commodore Jones is not able to injure him. As T mentioned
'' in the Rnuie on Tuesday, my attention wtucallwd mure than
once to the McCormick claim, by those who were interested
in i/, outride of this Hall. I examined the report and found
,! the facts not all stated, and thought the claim unjust. Hav-
i ing accidentally seen in a newspaper that the Committee on
: Printing in the Senate had as-ked to be discharged fiom the
consideration of the paper* relating to the y-ubjects referred
to in the McCormick case, I examined them, and the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Price,] who thought the
claim a just one, united in a letter with me, a&king Mr.
H am li\ of the Senate, to allow us to have access to the pa-
pery. On Mr. Hamlin's motton, the papers were ordered to
be sent to the House, and on my motion referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, before whom the McCormick
case was pending. That is the head and front ot my offense.
[ do not know that Lieutenant Meade is informed of my
action, even through the newspapers. I acted on my own-
responsibility, without any intimation from him of what he
wished, and without any consultation with him, and with-
out knowing that what [ had done would be agreeable to
him.
So far from being driven to aid any one to attack Com-
modore Jones, when the papers were referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, I took them, in presence of the
chairman of that committee, (Hon. Mr. Stanton, of Ten-
nessee,) and marked those parcels which referred to the
McCormick case, and asked hnn to mark them. He did
so. I told hnn those not marked contained allusions to
Commodore Jones, which I did not wish should be pub-
lished, referring" to other charges against him, and though
he was entitled to no consideration from me, I had no wish
to annoy him by any revelation of what was contained in
the parcels not marked. So far from being " extremely in-
imical" to him, I desired to suppres* the publication of
what he calls " libelous attacks."
Commodore Jones is greatly mistaken in supposing I am
" extremely inimical" to him. He cannot blame me for not
being warmly attached to him, inasmuch as he was not only
tried and convicted of high offenses, but also of " oppres-
sion " of Lieutenant Falnus Stanly, who is my brother. I
am not more inimical to Commodore Jones than any other
gentleman would be, under the same circumstances.
Of Lieutenant Stanly's character as a gentleman and an
officer, it doe  not become me to speak. I am willing to
abide by the opinion of those who have known him in
j peace and served with him in war, and by the published
records of the country.
Commodore Jones does not know me, or he would not
1 accuse me of aiding any man to attack him. I have made
no efforts to revive old quarrels, the existence of which I
always deeply regretted.
Commodore Jones will now be heard, in the paper sent
to the House by him on Tuesday. I have no objection,
but inasmuch as he referred, in his usual style, to Lieuten-
ant Stanly, without provocation and disregarded the truth in
hi& reference, I shall ask the favorof the House to allow me
to introduce a resolution calling for a copy of the proceed-
ings of the trial of that officer, to which Commodore Jones
has referred.
There are other persons assailed by Commodore Jones in
his letter to the House, but they require no defense at iny
hands. They need only refer to the trial of Commodore T,
' Ap Catesby Jones, Thirty-first Congress, second session,
Senate Executive document No. 45, to satisfy every honest
man that his vituperation ean injure no man of good char-
acter. EDWARD STANLY.
1 To Hon. Linn Boyd, Speaker House of Representatives.
\ Mr. WEIGHTMAN. I rose before the gen-
I tleman from Indiana, and I would inquire whether
li I was not recognized by the Speaker?
!j The SPEAKER. The Chair did not recog-
; nize anybody except the gentleman from Indiana,
who submitted the motion that the communication
be laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope that communication
will not be printed. It does not concern the legiti-
mate business of Congress. These are private
quarrels, and ought to be settled somewhere else.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I would ask
that the letter in which the reflections are made
i be also ordered to be printed.
I The SPEAKER. It has already been referred
| to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
j to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, then, it is but an act
, of sheer justice to a member on this floor that the
reply should also be printed.
| [Cries of 44 Certainly \ff]
i Mr. RICHARDSON. I agree with the gen-
tleman from Georgia that this communication
I ought not to be printed. The difficulty is a pri-
vate one between a member of this House and
another gentleman; and I apprehend, that if it
| had been^ascertained there were reflections on any
! member in the documents referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs and ordered to be printed,
, such action would not have been had.
| A Member. It was not known at the time that
, they contained those reflections.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If there be any way in
, which we can retrace the step we have taken, it
; would be better to avail ourselves of it, rather than
proceed further in this matter.
j Mr. GORMAN. I call for the previous ques-
! tion.
| Mr. STUART. I suggest that the communica-
| tion be printed in connection with the documents
I to which it relates.
