854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
able to present within the limited time allotted for
speeches on this floor. I
In the early days of this session I was instruct-
ed by the committee to report the bill which I send
to the Clerk, with the request that it be read.
The bill was read, as follows: '
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Jimettca in Congress as-
scmbled, That the President be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to cause to be built, equipped, and armed with the
inost effective ordnance tor the Navy, three frigates and
three sloops-of-war, all to be propelled by steam,or by heated
air, as recently applied by Ericsson, it that should prove to
be superior to steam; and tor this purpose $-2,500,000 are
hereby appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask my colleague
if he offers that as an amendment now?
Mr. STANTON. I do not offer it now.
Mr. JONES. When it is offered, I wish to
make a question of order.
Mr. STANTON. I expected as much from |
my colleague. Some gentlemen on this floor have
resorted to various maneuvers to prevent the ac-
tion of committees, and to smother the most im-
portant and necessary measures; and now it is
attempted to fill the cup of outrage by ruling this
plain proposition out of order. If the measure I
propose be for the defense of the country, for the
security of our commerce, and the vindication of
our honor, why shall it not be met boldly, and
fairly voted upon, instead of being insidiously and
indirectly defeated by interposing what I believe
to be a false construction of our complicated rules?
Such measures as this havebeen repeatedly adopted
in the annual appropriation bills. It is the usual
and ordinary mode of increasing the Navy. In-
deed, up to a late period, the clause under consid-
eration has usually provided not only " for the
repair," but for " increase and repair of vessels."
Now, we have grown exceedingly squeamish, and
we interpose an arbitrary construction of the rules
in order to defeat a great measure of reform. J
I was about to state that something more than
a month ago I was instructed by the Committee '
on Naval Affairs to report that bill to the House. 1
I have had no opportunity of doing so, and I pro- J
pose now to present it in a form somewhat modi-
fied as an amendment to this bill. At the time ,
this bill was prepared, the principle of the caloric 1
engine had been just developed. It could scarcely ;
have been said to be successful, or at least to have 1
.been proved so to the public satisfaction. I think
something more may be claimed for it at the pres-
ent time, and I therefore propose to insert the fol-
lowing clause in this bill:
For building, equipping, and arming, as screw propel-
lers, three frigates and three sloops of-war, j$2,500,000:
Provided, At least two of said frigates shall be built by con-
tract with Captain John Ericsson, to be fitted with his caloric
engine, upon such terms and conditions as the President
Qjay prescribe or accept.
I havebeen authoritatively informed that Captain
Ericsson, having entire confidence in the success
of his invention, has recently proposed to the
Government to build two ships of two thousand
tons, and to stipulate and give security that they
will acquire a speed of ten miles an hour, and burn
only eight tons of coal per day. If my amendment
should be adopted, the President of the United
States will, of course, provide all the necessary
guarantees and securities for protecting the inter- i
est of the Government and the success of the
undertaking, which I have little doubt, will rev-
olutionize the whole system of ocean naviga-
tion. But I desire to submit some brief remarks,
in order to show that, whether we adopt steam or
the caloric engine, it is indispensable to the public
security that we build the vessels as speedily as
possible. I wish to show, and I think I can demon-
strate to my worthy colleague who intends to raise i
the question of order, that the adoption of my
proposition will secure economy in the expendi-
tures of the Navy Department. The object of my
amendment is not so much to increase the number
of vessels in the Navy as it is to substitute for old
and inefficient ships, built upon ancient and im-
perfect models, others of a more efficient and useful
character. The general sentiment of our people,
and the nature of our institutions, alike require that
our Navy, in time of peace, should be compara-
tively small. The proposition which 1 present,
though it may seem to be of great magnitude, is
not in contravention of this general principle. The
very fact that with our immense commerce, we
feel secure in the maintenance of a mer« nucleus
for a powerful Navy, renders it so much the more j
appropriate and important that our small force
should at least keep up with the advancement of
the times, and present examples of the highest
efficiency in models, in motive power, and in ord-
nance. If we keep few vessels afloat, the com-
parative cheapness ofour establishment enables us
easily to adopt every improvement of the day, so
as to avail ourselves of all the lights of science and
experience, whenever it may become necessary to
exert our strength upon the sea.
A few sections further on in this bill, to which
my colleague has given his consent, I observe
there is an appropriation of near two millions of
dollars "for the repair of vessels in ordinary, for
1 the wear and tear of vessels in commission, ' &c. |
It would be well for my colleague, who is so as-
tute upon questions of order, to inquire in what
manner the large sums of money annually voted
under this head are expended, and how far the
expenditure is calculated to promote the public
good. I have not time to go fully into the sub-
ject, but I tell the House here to-day—and a full
investigation will bear me out in the statement—
that you are expending annually more than a mil-
lion and a half of dollars for the repair of vessels—
fifteen millions every ten years—when these large
sums of money might almost as well be thrown
into the sea. But a short time ago you heard a
Senator declare that the British Government had
a single ship which, upon a fair field on the open
sea, would be able to whip the whole American
Navy. That was undoubtedly an extravagant as-
sertion; but it approaches the truth near enough
, to remind us that while England, France, Russia,
! and indeed all the great maritime Powers of the
! earth, have been making great efforts to place
their navies upon the most efficient footing, we
have been laggingfar behind, having accomplished
[ almost nothing in this direction since the war of
1812. We have no steamers of the largest class,
and some of those recently built have been abso- ;
lute failures in all the requisites of war-steamers. !
While our commercial marine equals, or even !
surpasses, that of all other nations in every point j
of efficiency—in speed, capacity, economy, and j
security—our Navy is notoriously behind that of |
England and France, for the simple reason that j
we have not availed ourselves of all the modern
improvements in the art of ocean navigation. In
our attempts to apply steam we have been com- 1
paratively unsuccessful, while in our sailing ves-!
sels we have merely patched up the old ships,
; perpetuating the worst models which could pos-
! sibly be adopted.
! Now, sir, 1 assume the broad proposition, that
I it would be far better to sell these old ships, or
even to suffer many of them to rot down, than to
spend so many millions upon them from year to
year. Gentlemen here will probably recollect that
I have urged this view upon the House of Repre-
j sentativesfor some years past. I have endeavored
1 to awaken the attention of the country to the
J great fact, that it is better, in every point of view,
i to build new vessels than to repair the old ones
J when they have reached a certain point of decay.
; Practical men in the great valley of the Missis-
j sippi construct expensive boats, place valuable
1 machinery upon them, and after running them for
[ five or six years, lay them aside,build new hulls,
j and transfer the machinery to them. When will
the Government learn to imitate the wisdom and
the prudence of this policy? A white-oak hull,
! with cedar, pine, or cypress coverings, would last
, from ten to fifteen years without decay. In that
time the repairs of a live-oak ship will double her
cost.
At the last session of Congress I proposed that
: the old vessels, when the cost of repairs should be
estimated to amount to two thirds of the original
: cost, instead of being repaired, should be sold.
Prior to that time, I believe more than three years
, ago, in a long and elaborate report, 1 had presented
the facts upon which my action was based. The
[ proposition, however, received but little attention.
It was opposed by the Navy itself. But now,
by repeatedly hammering at this subject, I have
! brought the Navy Department itself virtually to
; acknowledge the tr\|th of what I have said for
i years past; and, although they do not go to the
i full extent of adopting my entire views, I think
1 they admit sufficient to sustain me in all essential
particulars. I shall read from the report of the
i Bureau of Construction, to be found 011 page 351
of the second volume of the President's message
and accompanying documents of this session:
"The number of peltv officers and seamen to be em-
ployed being the same as"for the present year, the estimate
under that head is the same. The same rule, however, can-
not be observed in the estimate for ' the wear and tear and
repairs of vessels in commission.' and ' tor tuel lor steam-
ers,' although it maybe contemplated to have only the
same number of vessels in service. It has been necessary
to increase the e^nriate lor these purposes (Table C) Iroin
$1,365,W0, the appropriation for the present year, to
$1,94U,9.".0. 
The Committee on Ways and Means havegiven
this large amount of near two millions of dollars.
Now let us hear the reasoning upon which the
Bureau of Construction demands this large appro-
priation for repairs. Commodore Shubrick says:
" This increase is due in part to the increased expense,
owing to theirage, of repairing some of the vessels reluming
from long cruises, and which will soon be required again.
" As a general rule, the repairs required to a vessel of war
increase with her age—every successive thorough repair
being more expensive lhan the last, until a thorough repair
becomes almost equal in cost to ihe expense of a new ship.
It would therefore be sound economy, even if it should be
deemed that we have a sufficient number of ships 111 the
water for the current service of the Navy, to discontinue
the use of some of the oldest, and introduce others in their
stead, by launching the two frigates, Snbine and Santee,
that have been on the stocks since 18'23, and by building
some sloops-of-war."
In my judgment, sir, the conclusion arrived at
by the reasoning of the Bureau is " most lame and
impotent." Discontinue the use of old ships and
introduce others in their stead, by taking two ves-
sels built thirty years ago ! This will be advan-
cing at a rapid rate indeed. But the whole force
i of the proposition will not be felt, until you read
1 the sentence which follows:
"The frigates above-named were, when laid down, of
I the largest class, but are inferior to the frigates of the present
day of the tir.-t class; and the changes which the introduc-
tion of new applications of power and arrangements of arm-
ament are making in thecomposition of other navies as well
as of our own, may soon make them of little value.
Such, in full, is the expedient adopted by the
Bureau of Construction and recommended to us
for our sanction. It is to abandon old ships and
take two which were not only built thirty years
ago, and now probably half destroyed by dry-rot,
but which will soon be rendered worthless " by
the introduction of new applications of power,
and new arrangements of armament
Now let me tell the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Ways and Means, and my honor-
able colleague, [Mr. Jones,] so.learned in thequib-
] bles of parliamentary law, that in appropriating
J nearly $2,000,000 for the repair of vessels, they are
j virtually appropriating money for the building of
I them. The records of the Navy Department will
! show numerous instances in which the repair of
j vessels has cost more than the original construc-
tion. It is no uncommon thing for a ship to be
torn down to the very keel, and rebuilt again
: upon the pretext of repairing. The Bureau says
, repairs cost more and more year after year. In
' one decade you will appropriate $15,000,000, and
every old vessel in the Navy may be reconstruct-
ed upon antiquated and obsolete models, while
you refuse to appropriate money sufficient to build
half a dozen gotwF and efficient ships. And you
will,do this upon a question of order! It is not
in order now, here to appropriate money to build
ships, but it is in order for the Bureau to use the
money appropriated for repairs, in tearing down
old ones and rebuilding them upon the same mod-
els ! We are wise legislators, truly, when we tie
our own hands by the fetters of parliamentary
subtlety, in order to squander the public money in
the most absurd and extravagant manner.
Mr. SWEETSER. With the permission of
the gentleman from Tennessee, I desire to propound
I an inquiry to him, and I hope he will respond to it,
! because I have no doubt he has informed himself
upon the subject. Under this system of repair-
ing old vessels in the Navy, which has become a
great evil in that Department of the Government,
is it not the fact that the Navy Department as-
sumes the ri?ht to repair vessels, even to the
whole original cost of those vessels, in order to
avoid the objection that there is no law authoriz-
ing them to build new ships?
Mr. STANTON. In reply to my honorable
friend, I have this to say: What he complains of
has been a matter of necessity under our legisla-
tion. There is a great indisposition in Congress
to vote money to build ships, but there seems to
be no indisposition to appropriate millions upon
