1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
millions to repair them, without any inquiry into
the specific manner in which the money is applied.
To keep up the old ships, at any cost, and at
every loss and disadvantage, has, therefore, been
made a matter of necessity. We are obliged to
maintain a navy of a certain size, and if you will
not build new vessels of a suitable character, there
is no alternative but to patch and repatch, build
and rebuild, the old ones over and over again,
until you will have squandered money enough to
have constructed three navies, which would have
been new, vigorous, and efficient in their respect-
ive epochs. We ought to meet the emergency
boldly, and provide the means necessary for the
service of this branch of national defense; not
by indirection, slipping in large appropriations
for repairs, but by appropriating the money, di-
rectly and at once, for the gradual regeneration
and renewal of our obsolete armaments.
But when interrupted by the gentleman from
Ohio, [ had intended to read one more sentence
from the report of the Bureau of Construction.
Still speaking of these two frigates, Commodore
Shubrick, with strange inconsistency and contra-
diction, says:
" By putting them in the water now, for which a small
appropriation would be needed, and using them, heavy
expenses in the repair of old ships would t>e avoided, and
room would be made to take advantage of the improve-
ments in architecture mid armament, by which alone we
in the wholePacific ocean. Think of that! Think I
of the utterly defenseless condition of our rich J
possessions on that shore! Remember that we
have seventy millions of property afloat on that
ocean, and not a single armed steamer! Sir, it is
disreputable to our legislation. Things ought not
to be permitted to remain in this condition a mo-
ment longer than may be necessary to provide fp'r
the proper change. _ i
In the mean time, what are other nations doing?
In the United Service Journal of London, for the
4th of December, 1852, 1 find this statement: j
" The French Fleet numbers 40 vessels-of the-line, 50
frigates, 4U corvettes, 50 brigs, and 18 transports—all sail-
ing vessels. Add to this the steam navy, viz : 111 frigates
and 20 corvettes of from 320 to 400-horse power, aud 70
small steamers. There are altogether 328 vessels, via: 226
sailing vessels and 102 steamers—commanded by two Ad-
mirals, 10 Vice Admirals, 20 Centre Admirals, 110 Captains
of vessels of the line, 230 Captains of frigrtes, 650 First and
Second Lieutenants, and 300 Cadets, and manned by 27,000
gunners, marines, aud sailors."
The French Government having afloat this im_j
mense armament of one hundred and two steam-
ers, is said recently to have applied to an English
company of ship-builders to furnish a very large
additional number. The British Government for-
bid the company to build for the French, upon the
ground that England herself requires all the ships
they can build. France adds ten, fifteen, or
neiii? in arcuueciare miu «ui«iiicuu uv wmcu aiuuc wc •   . /• *  2; * i * i- „
may hope to keep pace with the navies in comparison ! twenty steamers of the first class to her navy;
with which we must so frequently be placed."
This is a sort of reasoning which I confess I
cannot understand. The Commodore first says
that these frigates, when launched, will probably
be very soon rendered useless, and yet by launch-
ing them, " room will be made to take advantage
England immediately doubles the number; and so
these two great Powers go on arming and prepar-
ing for events which seem almost certain to oc-
cur; while we are resting quietly upon our old and
inefficient navy, which the very first encounter
with any vigorous foreign Power would blow
of improvements in architecture and armament," i, completely out of the water.
and " we may hope to keep pace" with the prog-
ress of other navies. I suppose, however, he
must intend to be understood that these frigates
will be of so little value, so far behind the prog-
ress of the day, that they will be easily set aside
and thrown away when we get ready to do some-
thing for the real improvement and advancement
of our naval appliances.
But with all the strange inconsistencies of this
report, I hail it as of the utmost importance—as
being a valuable document in more than one par-
ticular. It has, too, very valuable admissions.
It admits, first, that our system of repairing is
bad and expensive; and, secondly, that there are
improvements—yes, that there really are im-
provements to be made in architecture and arma-
ment, in order to put us upon an equality with
other navies. To get these two admissions is a
great step, and I heartily thank the head of the
Bureau for making them, even when he expects
to make room for these improvements by launch-
ing the Sabine and the Santee.
Mr. Chairman, I am admonished by the flight
of time to be brief. I must compress what I have
to say, and omit many points to which more than
a mere reference ought to be made. I hope I have
sufficiently indicated the policy I propose, which
is, I repeat again, not so much to increase the
navy,a8 to substitute efficient ships in the place of
those which are now acknowledged to be utterly
inefficient in comparison of those put afloat in re-
cent times by other maritime Powers. I claim
for my proposition the high merit of securing
economy in that particular part of the public ser-
vice where the greatest abuses now prevail. The
truth of what I say will be made manifest when-
ever the secrets of those vast expenditures for re-
pair shall be fully revealed.
Now, sir, I propose to inquire what peculiar
necessity there is at the present time for endeavor-
ing to make our navy more efficient. If it were
possible to go into details upon this subject, and
to pursue it in all its branches, I think I could
show, that without increasing either the number of
ships or men, but by a different arrangement of
our squadrons, by keeping one division of our
Francisco, and the other on the Atlantic with
its headquarters at Norfolk or New T&Jrk, and
by adopting short cruises of one year instead of
three, our navy could be made to render much
more efficient service in all ordinary times than it
possibly can under its present organization. But
look for a single moment at the present disposi-
tion of our forces. The Secretary of the Navy,
in his report at the beginning of this session, in-
forms us that we have not a single armed steamer
France has not only added largely and directly
to her navy, but she has recently made arrange-
ments for putting into operation several import- |
ant lines of mail steamers. To run where? To
the coast of the United States, to Porto Rico,
Cuba, and Mexico. Twenty-one steamers, repre-
senting an aggregate of one thousand four hun-
dred horse power, and these to hover on our coast
and in the Gulf of Mexico! But we are still si-
lent, patient, and inactive.
I do not propose now to ^nter upon any discus-
sion of the condition of Europe and the probabili-
ties of war between the Governments of that conti-
nent, or between any one of them and ourselves.
I will content myself with saying, in general terms
that there seems to be a universal apprehension
of European wars. Wise men do not belipve that ;
immense armies are to be organized, and immense i
fleets put upon the ocean to be kept idle and
unemployed. And I ask if, in that contingency,
without reference to the possibility of being our-
selves at war, we are to play the part of neutrals
i as we did from 1800 up to 1812 ? I ask if we are
I to be insulted, injured, and trampled upon by the
j belligerents of that continent, as we were during )
' the period referred to, without the power of suc-
' cessful resistance? Certainly we have now no such :
navy as would enable us to protect our com-
! merce and assert our rights as neutrals. Even,
' therefore, if there were no probability or no pos-
! sibility of our being at war ourselves, thenecessi- ,
ties of our condition, in the presence of other con- i
i tending Powers, make it our bounden duty to
strengthen our Navy, with some slight reference ,
! to the immense preparations of other Powers.
But, sir, the present is a momentous crisis in the
history of our own country. In the other end of
\ the Capitol you hear gentlemen of distinction and
influence every day proclaiming and earnestly in-
sisting that it is our duty and our interest to as-
sert the celebrated " Monroe doctrine"—to assert
and maintain it vigorously and efficiently. You
hear loud complaints from all quarters—I think in
many instances just complaints—that our Govern-
ment has not protected its citizens, or vindicated
! its own honor in cases where both have been as-
forces in the Pacific with its headquarters at San j sailed. Sir, I am in favor of the full maintenance
rtMlAAA AM/I « i L     X 1- _ A . 1 . " * . 1 ^ /  . I. . H /f _     r. /I A A (tflf U 1*/^ f A fl O t PVPllt.fl
of the Monroe doctrine with regard to past events
that have occurred in our vicinity, as well as with
reference to the future. But I am forced to admit
that we are in no condition for making these loud
boasts, or even for asserting our own unquestion-
able rights upon the ocean. How often do you
hear of our ships being fired into, and the rights
of our citizens trampled upon? Our ships driven,
upon trivial pretexts, from the harbors of neigh-
boring Powers, and the laws of friendly inter-
course wholly disregarded ? I have heard of well-
authenticated instances of citizens of the United
States, upon our own continent, being obliged to
pass for Englishmen, in order to command respect
and to obtain security of property and life. Why
is this ? Plainly, because we do not protect our
citizens with that spirit and energy which becomes
a powerful Government, such as we ought to feel
ourselves to be. England never fails to protect
her citizens, and to punish uny outrage upon them
wherever it may occur. She therefore commands
the respect of the world. 1 have believed that the
present Administration has not exhibited the true
American spirit in its intercourse with foreign
Powers—has not been disposed to resent injuries
as I think they ought to have been resented. But,
sir, while I say this, and say it frankly, as be-
comes a Representative on this floor, I must admit,
at the same time, that the President has not had
at his command efficient means for the vindication
of our honor. If anything could palliate what I
must characterize as the tameness of this Admin-
istration, it is the fact of our utter want of prepar-
ation, either for assault or defense.
In that admirable letter of the present Secretary
of Slate, which almost redeems the errors of Mr.
Fillmore's foreign policy, you hear proclaimed
the great truth, that " territorial development"is
" the law of our political existence." The acqui-
sition of Texas, of Oregon, and California, gives
us an immensely-increased line of sea-coast, both
on the Gulf of Mexico and on the Pacific ocean.
It is obvious that this must render necessary a
corresponding increase in the efficiency of our
naval armament. The vast trade and intercourse
which have sprung up between the Atlantic and
Pacific coasts of our country, have given incalcu-
lable importance to the navigation of the Gulf of
Mexico and the Caribbean sea, and to the har-
, bors, stations, and islands of that region. We
, must construct the great Pacific railroad. I regret
deeply that the work has not been commenced. I
would have voted for almost any plan, rather
than suffer this Congress to pass without accom-
plishing anything. But even the completion of
that important thoroughfare will not diminish the
importance of the Isthmus routes. Such is des-
tined to be the amazing expansion of our Pacific
commerce, that nothing will ever diminish the im-
portance to us of a complete command of the Gulf
and the Caribbean sea.
I shall not discuss the mooted question of Cuban
acquisition. But it will not be out of place, or in-
consistent with the main object of my remarks,
to say that in my opinion—1 hope maturely and
deliberately formed—the possession of that island
is indispensable to our national security. There
is no question of right involved. Whenever it
shall be convenient for us to do so, it will be-
come our duty to take it. There is no Power on
the face of the globe—England, France, Russia,
or Spain, or any other Power of the least im-
portance—which, if placed in our condition to-
wards Cuba, would hesitate an hour about ap-
propriating it for its own security. We are loudly
protesting that we will not suffer any European
nation to occupy or colonize any portion of this
continent. Every one who has spoken on the sub-
ject concurs in the declaration that Cuba shall not
pass from the hands of Spain into those of any
foreign Power. Now, in my judgment, Cuba is
at this moment virtually in the hands of France
and England. In the event of a war with either
of those Powers, Cuba, instead of being neutral
ground, as usually said, would fall at once into
the hands of our enemy. England and France
send their armed cruisers to guard that island, and
even, as they have the insolence to tell you, to see
to the due execution of your own laws of neutral-
ity! What American does not become indignant
at this condition of things ? The fact is palpable,
beyond a doubt, that Cuba is, at this moment,
within the very jaws of these two voracious Pow-
ers. It needs but the very slightest pretext, the
most inconsiderable provocation, to induce France
to fall upon St. Domingo, while England appro-
priates Cuba. And what are we doing? In what
condition are we to maintain our great interests in
this important part of the American world ?
I have before me a communication from the Sec-
retary of the Navy, in which he states, that during
the next fiscal year he proposes to employ in the
Pacific ocean, four thousand two hundred and
ninety-nine seamen—almost two thirds of the
