862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 25,
" §2.500,000," and to add to the end thereof the
following:
Provided, That the President, instead of repairing old
slnp- . may in his discretion apply any portion of the sum
afore.-aul towards the building of propellers of an efficient
character.
Mr. JENKINS. I rise to a question of order.
The objections to the previous amendment apply
with all their force to this one.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is constrained
to decide that the amendment is out of order, pro-
posing as u does the change of existing laws with
reference to the keeping up of the Navy.
Mr. STANTON. The amendment proposes
that, instead of repairing old ships, we shall build
new ones.
The CHAIRMAN. It changes existing laws,
and is out of order.
Mr. STANTON. I must again appeal from the
decision of the Chair, and I trust that those who
are disposed to do anything for the Navy will sus-
tain me.
The CHAIRMAN. Thedecision of theChair
is in exact accordance with the express rule of the
House, which is as follows:
81. " No appropriation shall he reported in such general
appropriation lulls, or be ill order as an amendment llierelo,
(or an expenditure not previously authorized by law, unless
in continuation of appropriations for sucli public works and
objects as are already in progress, and for the contingencies
for carrying on the several Departments of the Govern-
ment. "
There is also a principle of parliamentary law
that you shall not change the existing law with
regard to any subject not embraced in the bill un-
der consideration. There is nothing in the bill in
relation to these matters.
Mr. WALSH. Is it in order to move that the
committee rise, so that we may have a call of the
House, and a full vote on this question ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order at any time
to move that the committee rise.
Mr. WALSH. I move that the committee do
now rise, as I have said I wish a full vote on the
q uestion, for there has been no Navy appropriation
bill passed for the last ten years that did not pro-
vide for the construction of vessels.
The question was taken, and the committee
refused to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the committee?"
Mr. WASHBURN. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McNAiRand
Jackson were appointed.
The question was taken, and thedecision of the
Chair was sustained; the tellers having reported—
ayes 70, noes 55.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 move to
strike outfrom that appropriation " $700,000." I
say to the House, that so far as this money shall
be expended for the purpose of repairing ships,
looking at the way in which money has been here-
tofore expended, you ou?ht not to appropriate
under this clause more than enough to furnish the
necessary supplies, and make the necessary re-
pairs in the rigging of the ships. I move, there-
fore, to strikeout" $700,000" out of the appropria-
tion so as to leave a million of dollars.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I rise to a
point of order. It was decided by the Chair, and
sustained by the House, a few minutes ago, that
an amendment to increase the appropriation was
out of order, there being no existing laws to au-
thorize such increase. I say, upon the same prin-
ciple, that an amendment to reduce the appropri-
ation is out of order. The proposition was to
increase the appropriation before, and the Chair
ruled it out of order because there was no law
authorizing that increase. Now a proposition is
made to reduce it, and standing precisely upon the
same footing, it is therefore out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and will state that it was in regard
to the application of the amount that the Chair
ruled the amendment out of order.
Mr. STANTON. The law expressly author-
izes the appropriation to be made.
Mr. S WEETSER. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Stanton.] I intend at the proper time to move
to strike out the whole of the appropriation. I
do not intend to touch this question so carefully
as the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs. And here I take issue directly with what
seems to be admitted as the law in relation to
making these repairs, complained of. There is no
existing law which authorizes the President or
Secretary of the Navy to make these repairs. All
the legal authority upon which the abuse is predi-
cated has been obtained in our appropriation bills,
similar to the one tnat is now under consideration;
but it seems to be conceded on all hands thut an
abuse has grown up under this class of appropria-
tions, which needs now to be corrected. These
old hulks in the Navy, with some of the old
commodores, should be abandoned. I would strike
out from the naval list, if I had the power, at least
one half of those waiting oiders for the last twen-
ty years. We are here appropriating §5,000,000
per annum to pay old commodores and subordi-
nate officers, who have not smelt gunpowder for
twenty years. Why spend §100,000 or §150,000
in repairing these old hulks that are not worth
half the money that it costs to repair them?
These facts have been understood by the country
for a long series of years, yet this House of Rep-
resentatives hesitate to authorize the building of
new vessels, which the public service demands,
and spend large sums in repairs which ought not
to be made. Let us change our policy—let us
authorize the building of efficient, new vessels;
let us refuse to make appropriations which are
squandered upon these old hulks. 1 am opposed
to touching this matter as carefully as my friend
from Tennessee. I shall at the proper time move
to strike out the whole appropriation.
Sir, it is time the attention of the country was
directed to the condition of our Navy It is the
most expf nsive and yet the mostinefficient branch
of the public service. There is fault somewhere;
it may be in the legislation in regard to it; if so,
let us meet the responsibility, and correct the errors
of former legislation. The chairman of Naval
Affairs proposes certain changes which are rea-
sonable; let us adopt them. We must make some
change; the old system is manifestly wrong; any
change must be for the better. Ten millions per
annum is quite too much to throw away upon a
Navy that is acknowledged to be unworthy of
this great nation. If an efficient navy is wanted,
let us make ours so, and not make an exhibition
of our powerupon the ocean. That is a burlesque.
Sir, I have no doubt that a most thorough re-
form is necessary, both in our naval vessels and
in the personnel of the Navy. Our Navy Register ,
shows quite too many naval officers waitingorders.
If we need more ships, let us build them. It is
quite certain that we have too many officers now
for the ships in commission. In my judgment,
we have too many worn-out officers, who are
neither useful or ornamental, that are dawing a j
large amount from the Treasury without rentier- j
ing any service. I am opposed to the whole sys-
tem of" pensions. Officers that have large salaries
whilst they are in a condition to render efficient
service, should provide for a rainy day; and when
they can no longer serve the public, they should not
consent to become public paupers. There is no more
propriety in supporting a broken-down naval offi-
cer than there is a broken-down politician. I am in ,
favor of lopping off the dead branches, and of pre- '
serving all branches of the public service, in order
to give it vigor and activity.
Mr. TOOMBS. I propose to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Stanton,] by striking; out the sum all but one
dollar.
The committee will perceive the very obvious
impropriety of legislating in this way upon so
grave a question. The chairman of the Naval
Committee moves that a large amount usually ex-
pended for repairing the Navy, shall be stricken
out, accompanying it with the declaration that the
Navy ought to be permitted to rot down. It is
not worth while to legislate in a passion, and mere
passion is a very unsafe guide for this House to
follow. 'You are compelled to have money every
year for the repairs of your Navy under the pres-
ent or any other system. If you keep a Navy at
all, you must repair it. I know no reason to
suppose that this $1,700,000 will not be as well
spent under the next Administration as it has been
heretofore; and I can see no reason why, if it be
true, as alleged by the chairman of the Naval
Committee, that this money will be sunk, the
same would not be true of the vast additional sums
he asks—both sums would be expended in the
same manner. We have ships afloat on every
sea throughout the whole world, and we must keep
them afloat. If the chairman of the Naval Com-
mittee wishes to reorganize the Navy, let him
bring in the bill, and give the House and country
an opportunity of deliberating upon it. Let us
pass our judgments upon it as rational legislators,
and let us not abandon our real duties of delibera-
tion and consideration by accepting these great and
radical changes under circumstances rendering it
impossible either to discuss or consider them.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. My proposi-
tion was not to strike out the whole of this ap-
propriation, because a large portion of it is neces-
sary for the purchase of fuel, hemp, and other
necessary objects, in order to keep any vessels
afloat. I have heretofore said that in voting these
large sums for the repair of vessels, you are act-
ually voting money, indirectly, for buildingships;
but it is in the most wasteful, extravagant, and
inefficient manner. I appeal to the records of the
Department to show the fact already asserted, that,
in many instances, the repairs of these old ships have
cost more than their original construction. This
general fact is virtually acknowledged in the ex-
tract which I read this morning from the report of
the Bureau of Construction. I do not mean to say
literally, that this money is thrown away; but I
used a strong expression to indicate the deep con-
viction I entertain that it will be injudiciously and
wastefully expended. The Department has no
power to do anything but repair the old ships, re-
taining the old and antiquated models. You give
them no authority to do otherwise. You para-
lyze their hands, and force them to rebuild, again
and again,ships which, in the commercial world,
have long since been superseded by improvements
of the most importantcharacier. The Navy must
be kept afloat, and under this restricted authority,
and this false, mistaken view of economy, you
squander in ten years a sufficient sum to build a
betterNavy than you now possess, or will possess,
under this system, for years to come. It is for
this reason I say this appropriation is most waste-
ful and injudicious. The same sum differently
applied would do infinite good.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]
says we ought to lay before the House a bill, and
let the Houseact upon it understandingly. I have
been trying to do this for twelve months past; in-
deed, for several years past. In speeches and re-
ports on this subject, I have insisted upon the
same policy. But in this Congress, every mem-
ber knows I have had no opportunity to make
any reports. It could only have been done by
unanimous consent, or by a suspension of the
rules, and very likely the gentleman himself would
have been the very first to object to any such
movement.
But this is a very simple question; one upon
which every gentleman ought now to be prepared
to vote understandingly; it is whether we shall
patch up our old ships, perpetuating models which
private enterprise has, long since abandoned, or
whether we shall construct new ones upon better
models, so as (b place the Navy upon something
like an equality with the commercial marine, and
with the character, though not with the numbers
of the navies of other nations. It is not a ques-
tion of details upon which this House is required
to vote; for I presume every gentleman will agree
that the details of form ana construction are not
for our determination, but for that of the Exec-
utive. What I insist upon is, that we shall give
the Department power and means to escape from
those fixed forms which are compressing the Navy
into almost utter uselessness and inefficiency. If
there is any gentleman on this floor who is not
ready to decide upon the question, whether it
is advisable to substitute new ships for many of
the old ones now in the service, I most respect-
fully submit that that gentleman has been inatten-
tive to those great and important movements which
have recently been going on before the eyes of the
world among all maritime nations, and which
have recently formed a prominent subject of dis-
cussion in all the leading journals of the world.
I insist, Mr. Chairman, that the considerations in
support of my views are so plain and obvious, that
there is hardly an excuse for hesitating to adopt
them; and I repeat again, that my purpose is not
so much to increase the number of our vessels as
it is to substitute others of a more efficient and
economical character. This is the whole question.
Mr. TOOMBS, 1 withdraw my amendment.
