866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
Mr. GAYLORD. I object.
The SPEAKER. The papers are not before
the body. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] rose in his place, and stated that charges
had been made ajainst a certain officer of the
Government; and claimed, because those charges
were made, that it becomes a privileged question
on this floor. The Chair decides that it is not a
privileged question.
Mr. STANLY. He claims the reading of
those papers brought before the House as a ques- |
tion of privilege previous to voting. 1
The SPEAKER. Those papers are not before ,
the House, and the Chair must overrule the point 1
raised by the gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. STANLY. I claim that the papers are
before the House.
Mr. LETCHER. If the Chair will reflect a
moment, he will recollect that I stated I would not
withdraw the motion to suspend the rules unless
the understanding was those papers that should be
published in the Globe.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House re-
fused to adjourn.
Mr. STANLY. We have the right, Mr.
Speaker, to have these papers read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina insists, before voting on a question of
order, that he has the right of having read certain
papers not now before the House, which the gen-
tleman from Virginia proposed to introduce to
the body some time since. The Chair decides,
these papers not being before the body, that it is
not the right of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina to demand their reading before he votes on
the appeal taken by the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. STANLY. Thegentleman from Virginia
sent the papers up to the Clerk's desk at the sug-
gestion of the Chair, and I think that they are
before the House.
The SPEAKER. By no rule that the Chair is
aware of can the House order the Globe to print
these papers. Thegentleman from Virginiaasked
the unanimous consent of the House to introduce
them. It was not given, and he then moved the
suspension of the rules, but before the question
was taken on the motion, he stated that he would
withdraw it, provided it was the general under-
standing these papers should appear in the Globe.
That understanding must be with the Globe, as
well as gentlemen, and is a matter that is not
within, but out of this body.
Mr. LETCHER. The Speaker will recollect
that the papers were called for, and were in the
possession of the Clerk at the time I made the
request that they should be read.
The SPEAKER. As a matter of custom, the
Chair has no doubt of the fact that they will ap-
Eear in the Globe; but the papers not being here,
e decides that the gentleman from North Caro-
lina cannot, of right, have them read before voting
on the appeal.
Mr. ST ANLY. I do not argue in any spirit of
controversy with the Speaker; but the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] claims that it is a
question of privilege to have those papers before
us. Now, I would ask, can we determine whether
it is or is not a question of privilege unless they
are read ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] did not offer to introduce those
papers.
Mr. STANLY. His colleague did.
The SPEAKER. His colleague did, and with-
drew them.
Mr. LETCHER. I did not withdraw them.
The SPEAKER. They were withdrawn when
the gentleman withdrew his motion for the sus-
pension of the rules. The Chair would ask
whether it would be competent for the House to
order that certain papers should go into the Globe,
or any other paper of this city ? A motion to print
may be made, for that is a legitimate question.
Mr. HART. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. There are two questions of
order already pending, and the Chair will decide
them before entertaining another.
Mr. BAYLY. I withdraw my appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Alaba-
ma asks the unanimous consent of the House for
Jeave to take up " An act to extend preemption
rights to unsurveyed lands, and for other pur-
poses."
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I say that the papers proposed to be intro-
duced by the gentleman from Virginia, and which
I now present pro forma, relate to a privileged
question, and I demand that they shall be read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina presents certain papers containing, as he
says, a question of privilege, and they must be
read.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. Those papers, as
I understand, are in answer to a charge which my
colleague [Mr. Gentry] is said to have made
against a certain officer of the Government. He
is now absent, and I think that it would be but
courtesy to him to have the reading postponed
until he is present.
A Member. The Secretary of the Interior was
not present on yesterday when he assailed him.
Mr. JONES. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. BAYLY. I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to; there being, on a division—ayes 70,
noes 56.
And the House thereupon adjourned till to-mor-
rew at eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 26, 1853.
The Journal having been partially read—
Mr. HUNTER said: Mr. President, it is now
so important to save time, that I move that the
further reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
It is not important that the whole should be read.
Objection being made, the Journal was read.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, made in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, relative
to the defense of Portland, the entrance of the
Kennebec river, and the entrance of the Penob-
scot river; which was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of State, com-
municating abstracts of the diplomatic and con-
sular correspondence in that Department, respect-
ing the commercial regulations of foreign nations;
which was ordered to be referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations and printed.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of the Navy, ac-
companied by eight copies of the Navy Register
for the year 1853; which was read.
SUPERINTENDENT OF THE CENSUS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter fr^m J. C. G. Kennedy, Superin-
tendent of the Census; which was read as follows:
Census Office, Washington, >
February 17, 1853. \
Having noticed in the debates of the Senate, charges
against me, which, if credited, must affect my character
and standing, not only as an officer of this Government,
but as a man, I deem it my duty to ask, and I respectfully
beg the Senate to appoint a select committee fully to inves-
tigate my official conduct, and the charges made against lne
on the floor of the Senate.
JOS. C. G. KENNEDY.
To the President of the Senate.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, the communica-
tion was referred to the Select Committee appoint-
ed on the subject of frauds on the Government.
PETITION.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition
of Don Juan Virgil, of New Mexico, praying in-
demnity for a large number of sheep taken by a
detachment of the United States troops during
the war with Mexico; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
EDWARD BOX.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of Edward Box, was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. BRIGHT. I rise to a privileged question.
The Journal of yesterday is incorrect, so far as
regards my vote, by not recording it against the
reconsideration moved by the honorable Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard.] His motion was
to reconsider the vote by which the Senate refused
to concur in the amendment made as in Commit-
tee of the Whole, striking out the provision for
civil superintendents of the armories. I voted
against the reconsideration, and I desire that my
, vote shall be recorded as I gave it,
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) The Chair was of the opinion yester-
day, when that question suddenly sprung up,that
as the proposition was to record a vote that did not
appear on the record, and not to correct an error
in addition, as was suggested, it could only be
done by again calling the roll. But as it was an
error in fact, and as the statement of the Senator
is that he answered in the negative on that propo-
sition, but that from the noise and confusion
which we all know prevailed at the moment, the
response was not heard, the correction must be
made accordingly, and the vote will be so entered.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back the bill from
the House of Representatives making appropria-
tions for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1854, with
amendments.
In making this report, I wish to state to the
Senate what I propose to do in relation to this bill.
! It is obvious that, unless we take some short cut,
j we shall lose all our amendments to it. I think,
however, there is a way before us by which we
may secure them, and that is, after the military
bill shall be disposed of, for the Senate to take up
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, as in
Committee of the Whole, and to pass, in gross,
all the amendments of the Committee on Finance.
Then we can have the bill printed as amended, so
that when it is taken up on Monday morning in
the Senate, any Senator may reserve any particu-
lar amendment, and have a separate vote upon it
if he chooses. If this be done, a portion of to-day-
can be secured for other committees and for indi-
vidual Senators to offer their amendments. All
will be printed on Monday, and we can dispose
of the bill understandingly. Unless we do that, we
cannot save our amendments, and for this reason:
it takes one day for a committee of conference to
arrange the bill, and the hardest day's work I ever
had in my life was in a committee of conference
on the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill; and
! we should not have got through with it in one
day but for the fact, that in the House committee,
, there was the chairman of the Committee on
Ways and Means, and another member of that
committee, who were familiar with all the details
of the bill, so that they were ready to explain
everything. Notwithstanding that, it took us a
day. Now, when we come to reflect upon the
fact that it will take that length of time for a com-
mittee of conference to act upon the bill, it is ob-
vious that the course I suggest will be the only
means of saving the amendments. I now report
the bill, with sundry amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would suggest to the Senator from Virginia, that
although it is the custom of the Senate to consider
every bill as in Committee of the Whole immedi-
ately after its second reading, the rule expressly
declares "unless otherwise ordered by the Sen-
ate;" and it is therefore in the power of the Senate
to suspend the rule in this particular case, and let
the amendments be proposed in the Senate, and
not as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall ask the Senate to take
! up the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill after
1 we have disposed of the military appropriation
bill, so as to allow individual Senators an oppor-
tunity to offer their amendments. I now move to
postpone the prior orders, for the purpose of taking
up the Army appropriation bill. Unless we do
that, we cannot dispose of the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill to-day.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill making
appropriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending June 30, 1854.
Mr. DOWNS. I hope the honorable chairman
| of the Committee on Finance will not press the
motion at this moment. There is a measure in
which I feel great interest, which was made the
order of the day for a period more than a month
ago, and wliich I have given notice two or three
