868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
stands mechanical operations, there will be more
improvement in the arms in five years than there
has beer, in forty years past. As a general thing,
the Army is averse to improvements in arms, upon
the same principle that we plow with the same
instruments that our fathers used. They prefer
the old arms, the old straight-breeched gun.
Under the circumstances, if you retain the arm-
ories under military superintendence, you will,
in my opinion, have none of the benefits of the
improvements of the age. You may go on and
manufacture arms better, perhaps, every year,
but still it is according to the old pattern which you
have been following for years past. You will
have 110 new inventions, and no new improve-
ments. Under such circumstances I am for put-
ting the officers of the Army in those positions for ,
which they were intended. They were never in-
stituted to make mechanics and gun-smiths. Their
business is to take the gun when made and fight
with it. I have no disposition to make mechanics
of them.
Mr. BUTLER. A word of explanation; and
I wish the honorable Senator from Texas, as well
as others, to hear it. From nothing that I have
said can any inference be drawn that 1 have in-
sisted upon either Colonel Ripley or Colonel Hu-
ger retaining these places.
Mr. RUSK. I did not say so.
Mr. BUTLER. I understood the gentleman to
say that these officers wished to retain their places.
Mr. RUSK. Not exactly that.
Mr. BUTLER. What, then, does the gentle-
man mean when he speaks about officials? All I
have said is, that the military superintendency has
operated better than the civil superintendency; and
when things are brought to a trial it is the best
test. The honorable Senator from Texas may
well speak of the duty of a soldier, for he is a
military man. I believe, however, that a very
great military man has said that perhaps the very
last use that should be made of men, is to fight;
that you should substitute science, and let war be
conducted in such a way as to save life instead of
periling it in the battle-field. I say that science is
going far to mitigate the horrors of war; and per-
haps the style of the arms will have a great influ-
ence upon that. I say that science as well as cour-
age and skill are to beconsulted. Indeed science is
a quality which inspires courage. However, these
are general topics, and I shall not go into them. I
only wish to say that I am willing to go for the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois, because
it is fair. It is to appoint a commission to insti-
tute inquiry. Now, I would like to know, since
officials have been indicated by the finger in some
measure, because some military man must be the
one indicated, who at Springfield, or who at Har-
per's Ferry, want these armories? I venture to
say that somebody wants them. If anybody
can tell me who wants them, I would perhaps
strip them of some of their pretensions. Certain
it is that somebody wants these places. You need
not tell me that it is one of those vague generalities j
in which patriotism comes forward here to super- ]
sede the military. Somebody has his eyes upon
these $200,000 to be appropriated for the manu-
facture of arms in the armories, and the people
who want it can very easily allege that they can
make better arms than anybody else. If they
can get the money they will make the arms, but
whether they will be better or not is another ques-
tion. I should like to known who it is that want
to handle these §200,000; and who, to prove their
capacity, say that they are more patriotic than the
Army, and can make better arms? If gentlemen
will indicate the persons who are anxious for
taking jurisdiction of the armories, perhaps I
could inquire a little into their character, and show
thtir pretensions.
Mr. DOWNS. If the honorable Senator from
South Carolina could devise some way of carry-
ing on armories and manufacturing arms without
the $200,000 proposed to be appropriated going
into anybody's hands, there might be something
in his suggestion. But as it is necessary that the
money shall be expended by some one, I cannot
see any great enormity in the fact that that some-
body should be a civilian. For my own part I
would just as leave see a civilian as a military
man have the management ofit.
Mr. BUTLER. A military man does not get
a dollar of it. The workmen get the money.
Mr. DOWNS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment for several reasons. In the first place, 1 have
no doubt in my own mind as to what the decision ;
ought to be. I should think from the indications
that both Houses of Congress have no doubt, be-
cause they have both agreed to a provision put-
ting the armories under civil superintendence.
For one, I am not willing, after both Houses have
agreed to do that, to institute a commission of in-
quiry to know whether we have acted foolishly or
not. I think that is a matter into which we ought
to have inquired at first. I have felt it my duty
to inquire into the subject, and I have inquired into
it, and [ have made up an opinion, and I have ex-
pressed that opinion by my votes here. I can see
no necessity for any further investigation.
Besides, it seems to be a question which is con-
tinually to be coming up. We have had it before
the Senate several times and decided it. Are not
gentlemen satisfied with the decision ? Do they
want the question to be continually coming up ?
It seems to me that after the question has been
settled in a formal manner—as it has been by both
Houses—it should be suffered at this late period
of the short session to rest. Then, where is the
necessity of this inquiry, this formal, official com-
mission composed of civilians and military men ?
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator will
permit me to tell him—as I do not wish to make a
speech—that inthefirst place we want to ascertain
which is the best system of superintendence.
About that question we have not the necessary in-
formation. We want the facts, to see how the
matter is; and we want thefacts for another reason,
which the honorable Senator does not seem to
perceive; and that is as to the propriety of abolish-
ing these armories. I mean to bring forward such
a proposition at the next Session,so that we west-
ern men, as well as those at Springfield and Har-
per's Ferry, may have a chance at this matter.
My belief is, that the best way is to throw the
construction of arms open to the public, and let
the best mechanic have the best chance. As soon
as I can mature a bill, I will bring it in for that
purpose.
Mr. DOWNS. Then I am very much aston-
ished that the gentleman should be dissatisfied with
the action of Congress.
Mr. SHIELDS. I want information.
Mr. DOWNS. As to the abolition of the armo-
ries, that is another question; and if the gentleman,
from his position as chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, chooses to bring it forward at
any time, very well; butthat is not the proposition
now pending.
Mr. SHIELDS. I want information. I want
the examination made for the purpose of getting
information.
Mr. DOWNS. I think it can be got without
the expense of such a formal commission. I was
going on to remark, where is the necessity of this
commission ? The amendment authorizes the Pres-
ident to appoint a commission composed of civil-
ians and military men, aqd I suppose they will be
just as likely to differ as military officers and civil-
ians do now on the question. If it be necessary
to have an inquiry, why shall we have this formal
commission ? Is it not the duty of the President
and the executive officers to have the necessary
inquiries made' If well-founded allegations are
made that the system works badly, is it not the
dutyof the President and executive officers to have
the facts ascertained and brought before Congress
in order to enable them to give a correct judgment
upon the question ? Is it customary or proper for
Congress to travel out of their way and impose
upon the President or other public officers duties
other than those which the law assigns them ?
These officers have their appropriate duties in the
Army, and if the public service requires an inves-
tigation, the President or the Secretary of War can
order it without this extraordinary proceeding of
Congress authorizing a commission composed of
civilians and military men. I think, then, that
there is no necessity for the proposition. I have
as much confidence in the incoming Administra-
tion as any man, and I have no doubl that a suit-
able and proper commission will be appointed.
But I can see no necessity for any commission at
all. This system has been tried. There is great
dissatisfaction with it. Let us at least have time
to try the other system and see if it does not oper-
ate better. 1 think it is a great mistake, and it will
be found to be a great mistake in this and other
matters, that we should depend, for the construc-
tion of our public works, the building of ships and
other things, on military or naval architicts and
engineers. I have not examined the subj.-ct very
thoroughly, but unless I am very much mistaken,
the construction of steam-vessels now by the Navy
Department is much inferior to the construction of
those made by private individuals. I doubt very
much whether in case of war there would not be
shown to be a very great disparity between the
steam-vessels constructed by the Government and
those constructed by individuals. It seems to me
so; and probably the same rule would apply in
this case. There is a strong feeling in the public
mind for such a change as the House has pro-
posed. There is no necessity for continuing the
old system. Let us try the new. We have so
decided once, and certainly it is now too late in the
session to set aside what we have done, or to do
anything implying a doubt of the opinion of Con-
gress as to the course which should be pursued.
Mr. BELL. I do not mean to make any re-
ply to the various suggestions thrown out by gen-
tlemen who oppose this amendment, but I want
to state a few facts. The effect of the provision in
this bill, as it came to us from the House, is to change
the system of management at the public armories
from the superintendence of military officers to
the superintendence of persons taken from civil
life. One specific ground alleged by an honorable
Senator yesterday for that change, in addition to
the general ground alleged, was that there was now
great dissatisfaction and complaint on the part of
the community in which these armories are loca-
ted;and anotherreason given was,that the military
superintendence is not believed to work any better
than the former system of civil superintendence.
Sir, I have made it my business, not now, but
several years since, to inform myself carefully
upon this subject. The civil superintendence ob-
tained for fifteen or twenty years preceding 1841
and 1842. There were complaints, and many
alleged abuses at that time in the management of
these armories; and upon that ground the Execu-
tive Government changed the system from civil
to military superintendence, and Congress, in
1842, approved the change and regulated the sub-
ject by law, after a full investigation by a com-
mission, and after a report by a committee of the
House of Representatives. That report stated
that the change which they proposed to make,
giving the superintendence of the armories to offi-
cers of the Ordnance Corps, was founded on an
investigation of the facts on both sides of the
question. Thus a commission was instituted, and
a committee of the House, upon the report of that
commission, reported in favor of the change, and
Congress solemnly enacted that the military su-
perintendence was to be preferred, on the ground
that the public interests would be promoted by
the change.
The Senator from Texas [Mr. Houston] yes-
terday stated, that he had picked up a statement,
or representation, or some document or other,
which satisfied him that there was no improve-
ment, no advantage to the public service, in the
military superintendence over the former system of
civil superintendence. That I deny. I say that,
although there are contradictory statements upon
the subject, any gentleman who will take the
trouble to look into the public documents of Con-
gress which have been heretofore published, stating
the grounds on which the change of superintend-
ence was made, and persevered in, he will find the
preponderance of testimony is largely in favor of
the military system of superintendence. I stated,
however, the other day, that I had seen gentlemen
of high character and respectability who alleged
the contrary, and I believed they made their state-
ment sincerely. I think, however, their convic-
tions on the subject are founded in error, upon a
want of information as to the true facts of the case,
or upon prejudice. I said then that I regarded it
as highly politic, if we are to uphold these public
armories at all, and not to abolish them, that we
should institute an inquiry into the present condi-
tion and management of the armories, for the sat-
isfaction of the intelligent public mind upon the
subject, and that no change should take place here
suddenly upon an ebullition of popular sentiment
in the neighborhood of the armories, by outsiders,
or those not in place, and who may be fairly sub-
ject to the imputation of wanting the places of these
officers, though I do not say that they do. I say
that, under the circumstances, it is but fair, both
