1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
869
to those who complain and those whose conduct
is called in question, that we should have an in-
vestigation. To satisfy even the local communi-
ties concerned, we should have an examination
and report in detail, by a mixed commission.
If it be objected to the proposed commission
that it may be composed of a majority of military
officers, let the majority be of civilians, if gentle-
men please. I have no objection to that, because,
as I understand, the report which we require from
such a commission is not the opinion of scientific
gentlemen, or of civilians, or of the sound com-
mon-sense opinions of mechanics. We want the
facts to be reported in detail; the testimony of wit-
nesses—evidence that cannot be refuted. I care
little whether the persons appointed on the com-
mission have a bias on either side or not; I care
little for the opinions of scientific, or any other
class of men, upon .the subject. All I want is the
facts; and that is necessary to satisfy the public
mind in the neighborhood of the armories. I said
the other day that I thought an investigation ne-
cessary, because the idea of the odium of military
rule—which I understand does not in fact exist at
all—is diffusing itself through the country. Why,
sir, we see the great State of Virginia infected
through all its borders by these representations of
a military rule, emanating from a little spot on the
Potomac—Harper's Ferry—and the two Senators
from Virginia, although the most strenuous advo-
cates for economy and reform in the administra-
tion of the General Government, are chiming in
with the honorable Senator from Texas [Mr.
Rusk] in his effort to effect a change in the super-
intendence of these armories. That Senator, in one
part of the argument presented by him this morn-
ing, spoke of the great expense of a commission
to be constituted, as he said, of " God knows how
many." He was for an economical expenditure
of the public moneys by the Government; he would
go for no expenditure but what is necessary to the
public service; and yet he is advocating a propo-
sition to introduce two new officers, two unneces-
sary superintendents of the public armories.
Mr. RUSK. 1 do not regard themas unneces-
sary.
Mr. BELL. But they are additional officers,
and there can be no doubt that ordnance officers
are competent for the post—it is not even alleged
that they are not competent—officers who receive
their pay any how, whether they be employed at
the armories or not. Now, upon the honorable
Senator's own argument of economy, which I
believe, by-the-by, is one of the articles in the
creed of the Democratic platform, are you not here
violating a sound principle, by creating two offices
which are unnecessary, when you already have
ordnance officers competent tofill them, and who
get their pay any how ? I say this from no personal
ill-feeling towards the honorable Senator, as he
well knows, but because I think his argument is
suicidal. He was against the commission,because
it would bleed the Treasury. He says that this is
an irresistible current of affairs; whenever you at-
tack the Treasury, or attempt to tap it in Congress,
the walls of the Treasury fall away like the banks
of the Mississippi under the roll of the impetuous
torrent of that river. So it seems to me; and that
is just the way things are inclined to go at this
moment. Persons want these offices, and they
are earnestly employed in sweeping away the
walls that fence up the moneys in the Treasury;
and I am not satisfied that there is any other rea-
son for die change which is proposed in the man-
agement of the armories.
I appeal to the honorable Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Hunter] to stand by his principles. He
is always urging the Senate to the practice of
economy. There is no necessity for this change
that I can see; or, at any rate, I ask him first.to
ascertain whether there is a necessity for it before
the change be made, and this additional expendi-
ture authorized. Shall we tax the Government
with the expense of two unnecessary officers,
when we have ordnance officers who are doing
quite as well, to say the least, as others ean do ?
-That is the question. Some of us say that these
ordnance officers are doing better than any civil
superintendent ever did. Because of the differ-
ence of opinion. I sav let us have a commission to
inquire into the truth of the matter.
Now, 1 wish to slate some facts, and if the ma-
jority of the Senate is determined to carry out its
views, as expressed yesterday by their vote, I
want some material facts and circumstances of the
case to go forth to the country accompanying that
vote, lam not as well acquainted with the details
of the business at Harpers Perry as at Spring-
field, and therefore I will not speak of both in the
same connection; but comparatively and approxi-
mately I do. I say that at the Springfield armory,
when the civil system of superintendency was
changed for the military system, the civil super-
intendent had so little control of the business—so
little power in his fiands to regulate the wages or
the time of the work of the workmen, and so little
power to control the number employed, that the
cost of a musket at that armory was as high as
#17 or $17 50.
Mr. RUSK. When was that ?
Mr. BELL. Prior to 1841. Then the cost of
the musket, including wages and materials, was
$17 or $17 50.
Mr. DE SAUSSURE. What is it now ?
Mr. BELL. The cost of the musket now at
Springfield is from $9 50 to $10. Honorable Sen-
ators may say that this difference may be owing
to the great cheapening of materials, but they
should remember that labor has not cheapened.
The fact is that there has thus been a reduction of
between $7 and $8 on the cost of the musket. If
any gentleman denies this fact, I should like to
hear nis authority; and if he does not deny it, let
us have a commission to inquire. The labor on the
musket, independent of the materials, formerly
cost upon an average, $8 30. Now it costs the
Government about $4 40, making a difference of
$3 80, or nearly $4 on each musket manufactured,
in the cost of labor alone. Then what is the fur-
ther fact ? There is now between twenty-five and
thirty per cent, more labor required on the musket,
made according to the new model adopted at the
armories, than was required upon the old model.
This difference of labor is chiefly owing to the
higher finish of the work; yet there has been a
reduction of nearly $4 upon the mere cost of the
labor upon the musket of the new model. An-
other material fact is, that the wages of labor has
in the mean time been slightly increased instead of
being reduced; the great saving appearing to have
grown out of the greater regularity with which the
business has been conducted.
1 state these to be facts, and I ask what is the
cause of them ? The reason is, that the civil su-
perintendent was under the control of the work-
men, and not they under his control. They con-
trolled him both as to the hours of working and
of their wages in a good degree, and I predict that
if a change takes place and that system be resort-
ed to again > it will happen now as it happened
then. They will control the superintendent, and
not he them. I do not mean as to wages alto-
gether, but as to .the times they will work; the
number of boors in the day; the number of days
in <the week, and in the month. They will come
and so when they please. How can that be
helped under a civil system of superintendence?
The employees about the establishment, and their
friends in the locality, will in fact appoint the su-
perintendent. Can any gentleman deny it? These
very persons who are petitioning for this change,
or those of them who are workmen at the arm-
ories, can go and apply to the President, and say
they want such a man appointed superintendent;
that it is the workmen's wish, and will he not be
appointed ? Is he not then their nominee, their
appointee?
I know that a great deal of what I have stated
is denied. It is said that there is not this great
difference in favor of the military system. Then
let us investigate the facts. The Ordnance officers
say these are thefacts, and that they will turn out
to be so upon investigation. I want investigation
to see whether they are true or false, and I think
it is our true policy to institute a commission to
inquire, for the satisfaction of all, how the facts
are. What I have stated has been upon sufficient
authority, I think. I state the facts in regard to
theSpringfield armory, upon the authority of those
who are responsible to the public and to their own
character Tor the truth of what 1 have said in re-
lation to it.
Mr.- DOUGLAS. I am in favor of the provision
as it came from the House. I have listened to
the debates here, and I find that the objection to
it consists in this: that there is a clamor on the
part of the outeidera to have a change. Most of
the arguments, it seems, are addressed to that
point, and we are given to understand that we
ought not to make the change, because the out-
siders want it. Did you ever know the insiders
to desire a change? [Laughter.] I never did.
They are generally content with the existing state
of things, no matter how gross the abuse may be,
or how stern the necessity for a reform. The in-
siders are never clamorous for a change, and if
we are not allowed to listen to the outsiders, I do
not know whom we are to hear in favor of any,
reform. I therefore dismiss that point. If it is
true that the outsiders want a change, it is only
evidence that the people are not content with the
existing state of things. I say, if there be such
a clamor at our doors, and thundered in our ears
upon all sides, it is only evidence that there is dis-
satisfaction and discontent which demand our at-
tention.
A great deal has been said about lobby mem-
bers; and that we are surrounded by extraneous
influences, pressing on this measure. That there
are citizens here desiring the proposed reform is
not denied. That there are lobby members here,
on both sides,cannot be denied. That they are now
in our Chamber, visiting Senator after Senator, in
his seat, and lobbying all the time on the military
side, while those on tne floor are charging lobbying
on the other side, cannot, with truth, Be denied.
Every Senator knows it to be so. We see them
passing from desk to desk, electioneering on the
military side of the question, while Senators are
denouncing the lobby members on the other side.
Mr. BUTLER. Has any military man been
here to-day ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not know about a mil-
itary man, but persons acting for the military men
have been here, and are now here; and their rela-
tives, the personal friends of military men have
been and are now here electioneering; and 1 do
not blame them for it. They are honorable men,
accomplished gentlemen, some of them personal
friends of mine. I like them, and listen to them
with respect. But I do not like this system of
lobbying on the floor, while their friends in con-
cert with them are denouncing lobbying influences
as evidences of corruption. I do not like it. I
think it ought to be stopped. You may begin and
count out the lobby members on the part of the
citizens, and I will count an equal number on the
other side, and show them face to face within the
range of my eye now. 1 could begin and call a
very long roll by name within the reach of my
vision now. Hence I think we had better say
nothing more about lobbying, and look at this
question upon its merits.
I have listened to both sides of this question. I
have not quarreled with any man who wished to
enlighten me. I have listened patiently to him.
I have nothing to say against citizens and officers
of the Army who have called upon us to give their
explanations of this question. It is due to them
as gentlemen, men of intelligence, feeling an in-
terest in the question, that we should hear them,
and see what they can urge in favor of their re-
spective systems.
Then, sir, I wish to say a word or two upon
the greaUobjection which is brought forward with
much emphasis by the Senator from Tennessee.
He says, that if you have a civil superintendent,
he will be appointed and controlled by the labor-
ers, and thatif we have a military superintendent,
he is appointed by the Government. The ques-
tion, then, he says, which arises, is, whether you
will allow the laborers to employ their own super-
intendent, or the Government employ one for
them? Sir, I do not understand that to be a fair
statement of the case. Is that the case with every
civil superintendent all over the country? Are
they in the hands of the laborers ? Is it so in the
erection of your custom-houses, your public build-
ings, your additions to the Capitol, in all of the
river and harbor works of the Government where
civil superintendents have charge? Is it true that
the laborers say how long they shall work in the
day, and fix their price, and choose the men who
are to take charge over them? If that be so, and
if the proper remedy for it be what the Senator
says, it snows that this is only the beginning of a
system in which we are to supersede civilians
everywhere, and put every work under the charge
of military men. The argument will compel the
system to go into every branch of the Govern-
ment, ami apply to every work now under civil
superintendence. It will apply to your public
