874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
for it. There are hundreds of men who think
tliey have made good and useful inventions, and
they are falling back into despair when they can-
not find the models already out. I repeat that the
east wing will not only not furnish too muchroom,
but when the west wing is completed, there will
be none too much, if the cabinet of curiosities is
to remain in the exhibition room of the old build-
ing.
Mr. HUNTER. I apprehend there will be no
difficulty in exhibiting the models. They may
take up as much room as they please. But there
is ample space in the exhibition room, I appre-
hend.
Mr. WALKER. There is not.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there not one hall in the
Patent Office for exhibition, and is there not a
corresponding one in the wing? And there are a
great many rooms in the building besides the ex-
hibition room. I hope the question will betaken.
Mr. DAVIS. I would ask the chairman of the
committee whether it is proposed to make any
other use of this building than is appropriate for
the purposes of the Patent Office ?
Mr. HUNTER. It is proposed that until the
Patent Office requires the rooms, as there is more
room than is needed now, it may be used for other
Government purposes. The Secretary of the In-
terior desires it for a portion of his clerks, and if
there is room there for the purpose, it will save
the money of the Government to do it, and it
seems to me it would be eminently proper.
Mr. DAVIS. I am opposed to any such use
as that, for reasons which I will express in a very
few words. This building is erected for the pur-
pose of a Patent Office. Its model and construc-
tion is adapted to the particular uses of that
office. In the first place, you will have to mar
the building in order to introduce a parcel of clerks
from another Department. These rooms are de-
signed to be open halls. They are fitted and
adapted to the purpose for which the building
was made, and 1 would regret more than I can
express to see a building so beautiful as that
marred and cut to pieces, in order to be divided
into rooms for the accommodation of clerks. I
am opposed to it altogether. I quite agree with
the Senator from Wisconsin 
Mr. HUNTER. Does the gentleman suppose
this proposition would interfere with the plan of
the Patent Office? The original plan is continued.
They have a large exhibition room in each of the
wings. It is not proposed to cut that up. But
there are other rooms.
Mr. DAVIS. There may be other rooms. I
am not possessed of all the facts with regard to
that. But as this establishment is one of itself,
disconnected in a great measure with other mat-
ters, and as it is an establishment of a peculiar
character, and of very great interest to the public,
I prefer to keep it by itself. And I doubt very
much whether you can introduce any considerable
number of cli-rks without interfering with the gen-
eral arrangement o-f the building. But, without
detaining the Senate, I will express the hope that
this amendment will not be adopted, and that the
bill will remain as it is in that portion of it.
Mr. JAMES. If the honorable Senator from
Virginia will so amend his amendment as to give
first to the Commissioner of Patents all the room
that he may require, I say that the balance, if any,
may go the use of the Interior Department. To
this I have no objection. But unless that is done,
I shall oppose it; because there are now in the
basement of the Patent Office Building some nine
thousand models, made by the mechanics of this
country, who have paid their thirty dollars each,
besides other expenses for examination, with a
view to obtaining patents, and these models now
lie there rotting, and being crushed by their own
weight. If the honorable Senator will change his
amendment in the manner 1 have proposed, I will
not oppose it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will suggest that if these clerks
once get in there, the Senator will not get them
out during his residence here.
Mr. JAMES. If the Commissioner has a right
to take all the room he wants, they will not get
in there, for he wants all the room, and more
too.
Mr. CLARKE. I feel that it is necessary for
me to state somewhat my recollections in regard
to the discussions that have taken place here, and
the action of the Senate in relation to this Patent
Office Building. I think it was three years ago 1
when a proposition was made to build the wings of
the Patent Office. A gentleman who is well re-
membered by you, sir, by me, and by every gen-
tleman in the Chamber, who has been as long
here as you and I, took a great deal of pains to
ascertain whether an extension of the Patent Office
was really necessary. He came to the conclusion
that no addition was necessary; that there was
sufficient room in the Patent Office Building as it
was then, for all the models and all the curiosities
of natural science that had been collected there.
But it was thought proper to make an appropriation
for building the east wing, and at that time it was
urged that whatever room might not be necessary
for the Patent Office would be advantageous to
other branches of the Government, particularly
to the office of the Secretary of the Interior.
There was then said to be about $225,000 that had
been collected and gathered from patent rights. It
was appropriated towards the building of the
eastern wing. It has gon£ on. The Congress of
the United States has from time to time made ap-
propriations amounting to at least $600,000 over
and above the $225,000.
But it proves that the east wing is necessary to
a certain extent for the uses of the Patent Office.
At the last session an appropriation of $150,000
was made for continuing the erection of the west
wing, and that was done with the distinct under-
standing that that wing was wanted for the De-
partment of the Interior. If the western wing is
to be erected at an expense of probably $800,000
or perhaps $1,000,000, in addition to the eastern
wing, and all is to be appropriated to the uses of
the Patent Office, when three or four years ago
the Patent Office wanted no addition, what are we
doing ? It appears to me we are absolutely piling I
up marble upon marble, rooms upon rooms, for a I
Department of the Government that requires no I
extension whatever. The proposition now is, |
as I understand, to permit a certain portion of it j
to be used for other purposes of the Government.
Then, again, you are going on to provide for the
western wing, and what are you to do with it ?
Something is said about the large collection of
models. We know that there is a large collection
of models everywhere. When human ingenuity
begins its attempts to embody its suggestions, it
will produce a large number of models, but much
the larger proportion of them are of no use, and
are as well put away in the basement of the build-
ing as any where else. For myself, 1 believe that i
the old building is sufficient for all that is valua- '
ble in the present Patent Office. The new build- j
ing may be used for other, perhaps similar pur-
poses, if it is necessary it should be. It has been
built. The western wing is now to be built.
What are you to do with it? The present exhi-
bition room is two hundred and seventy feet long
and seventy wide. That will hold all that has
been collected there for the last ten years, which
it is desirable to have exhibited to the public. In !
addition to that, in order to carry out the original j
plan of the Patent Office, you have to build on the
northern side precisely such a building as there is
on the southern. That is the original plan, as the
Senate will recollect. The four sides are to be
constructed. Is all that to be used by the Patent
Office? Will any gentleman say that, in your
day or mine, or that of the youngest child there !
is here, the Patent Office will require all the four 1
sides of that square? No, sir. It is never to be j
thought of. |
You are now paying $20,000 a year for the rent
of a building for the public offices, when they !
might all be accommodated in that western wing
when it is built, and at this moment one half of
those who occupy a hired building in this city
might be accommodated in the eastern wing. I
have felt bound to state these circumstances, be- |
cause they are within my knowledge, and they :
were a matter of discussion, particularly between
a former Senator from New York (Mr. Dickin-
son) and myself. I feel it necessary to state them
to show that the amendment should be agreed
to.
Mr. WALKER. The Senator will see, by
looking at the entire proposition, that his remarks
are inapplicable. He asks what objection there
is to some other Department or bureau occupying
the west wing of the Patent Office when it shall
be completed? That is not the proposition before
us. The whole provision is this:
" Contingent expenses of east wing of the Patent Office
Building, viz : For labor, fuel, lights, and incidental ex-
penses, §*2,200."
It is in that provision, in regard to the east
wing, that this inhibition is contained, which
comes from the House of Representatives:
" Provided, That neither the office of the Secretary of
the Interior, nor any bureau thereof, other than the Patent
Office, shall be located in the Patent Office Building until
directed by law."
We know that no part of the west win£ has
been built so that it can be occupied, according to
that provision. There will be plenty of time to
speak of the west wing when that is completed.
One other remark. At the time the appropria-
tion was made at the last session, for the west
wing, it was argued that it was necessary to put
it up to a certain height so that it would be out of
danger, and if I remember right, a clause in the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill of the last
session contains a provision in these terms, that
it shall be built to a certain height, so as to be out
of danger.
Then we have the plan of completing the west
wing; and I repeat what I said before, that the
present front building, together with the east wing,
is not more than sufficient for Patent Office pur-
poses; and when the west wing shall be construct-
ed, and much more when the north front shall
be constructed, it will be time enough to take into
consideration whether there will be any more
room than is necessary. But for the present I x
hope Congress will refuse to let any Departments
of the Government locate themselves in the build-
ing. They can only do so by adopting the meas-
ure as it comes from the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. CLARKE. The honorable Senator from
Wisconsin is mistaken. I am not so much in
fault as he. I was not speaking of the applica-
tion of this provision to the western wing, be-
cause the western wing is not erected. And it
is my opinion that one half the western wing will
not be necessary for any purpose required by the
Patent Office. I understand that the proposition
is to allow the Secretary of the Interior to use any
portion of the Patent Office which is not wanted
for the purposes of the Patent Office. The De-
partment of the Interior propose to remove there.
The western wing is being built; and, not being
desired for the use of the Patent Office, it is to be
built for the location of the Department of the
Interior, if it is necessary. The northern front is
to be added to it. Now, if there are any vacant
rooms which are left, they are destined for the use
of the Department of the Interior. I do not see
the necessity for all the room there will be in the
building for the uses of the Patent Office. That
is all the difference that there is between the Sen-
ator and myself. I am for allowing the present
rooms, which are not wanted for the Patent Office,
to be used by the Department of the Interior; and
if I were here when the western wing should be
completed, I would be in favor of using it entirely
for that purpose.
Mr. HUNTER. Since this debate has com-
menced, I have been informed by one who knows
the facts in the case, that there are twenty-eight
rooms in the east wing of the Patent Office. There
is one large exhibition room besides, as I said,
two hundred and seventy feet long and seventy
feet wide, which will, when it is finished, contain
all the useful models now in the Patent Office.
The room is now occupied by the Metropolitan
Mechanics' Institute, and will be vacant and fin-
ished by the firstof June. There is room enough
in that large hall for the exhibition of the models,
and the other twenty-eight rooms we might leave
at the disposition of the Secretary of the Interior.
By this restriction, the House of Representatives
seems to suppose that the Secretary of the Inte-
rior will not do justice. It interposes between
him and one of the bureaus of his own Depart-
ment. Unless, indeed, it be contemplated, as I
almost suspect, to erect this Patent Office Bureau
into a separate department of the Government, I
cannot conceive why they are not willing to leave
it under the Department of the Interior, where it
now belongs.
Mr. CASS. I cannot possibly see any objec-
tion to putting this building at the disposition of
the head of the Department. He must be the best
judge of what is wanting. We'do not know. If
there is more room wanted, the head of the De-
