876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
The next amendment was to increase the appro-
priation for " incidental and contingent expenses"
of the Mint from $1,500 to $41,500, and to add:
".Anil it shall be the duty of the Superintendent of the
Mint to cause to be paid annually into the Treasury of the
United States the profits of the Mint, and to present a quar-
terly account of the expenditures of the Mint to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the end
of the appropriations for " government in the Ter-
ritories," the following:
" To enable the President to cause a site to be purchased,
and a suitable building to be erected, for a penitentiary, in
each of the Territories of Utah and New Mexico, $20,000 :
Provided, That the entire coat of the site and the comple-
tion of said buildings shall not exceed the sum hereby ap-
propriated."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing clause:
" For additions to the territorial libraries of Oregon,
Minnesota, New Mexico, and Utah, $500 each ; said sums
to be expended under the direction of the Governors of said
Territories."
Mr. HUNTER. There was an appropriation
of $5,000 for each Territory for this object last
year, and the committee thought that enough.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to reduce the appro-
priation for the salaries of judges in the District
of Columbia from $11,700 to $11,200.
Mr. HUNTER. The estimate was for $11,200.
We did not see why the House added $500. We
supposed that the intention was to increase the
salary of one of the judges; we did not know
which. It does not appropriate it to him, and
therefore he would not get it. '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A bill has been
passed by both Houses at this session, increasing
the salary of one of the judges in this District
$500.
Mr. HUNTER. Then the amendment of the
committee ought to be voted down.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that there are
two verbal mistakes in that clause. It speaks of
"the chief justice" and " associate judges" of
this District. It should be "chief judge and as-
sistant judges."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be made.
The next amendment was to increase the appro-
priation for clerks in the offices of the surveyors
general, from $33,000 to $40,000.
Mr. HUNTER. That is according to esti-
mate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to increase the ap-
propriation for supplies and materials, and inci-
dental expenses of the light-house establishment
on the coasts of California and Oregon, from
$25,085 to #29,035.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to amend the provis-
ion for the payment of the salaries of keepers and
assistant keepers, so as to allow them an average
salary of #800 instead of $600; and to increase the
appropriation from $14,400 to $19,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the follow-
ing:
" For the compensation of an additional appraiser gen-
eral, to be employed on the Pacific coast, $6,000."
Mr. HUNTER. The appointment of an ad-
ditional appraiser general was very strongly
urged upon the committee by the Secretary of the
Treasury, in order to detect and correct frauds
upon the revenue in California. It is important
that there should be one such officer on the Pacific
coast. There are now but four; and it takes all
their time on the Atlantic side. The proposition,
therefore, is to establish an additional appraiser
general for the Pacific coast.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert under the
head " Survey of the Coast," the following:
" For publishing observations made in the progress of the
survey of the coast of the United States, per act of March
3, 1843, $20,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert under the
head of " Custom-houses," the following:
t," For the purchase of a site and the erection of a custom- !
ij house at Galveston, Texas, $50,000: Provided, That the
plan of the building shall be such that the whole cost both
of the building and the site shall in no event exceed the ap-
propriation hereby made."
Mr. HUNTER. There is an estimate from the
Secretary of the Treasury for this custom-house.
He says there is none in Texas, and that there
ought to be one at Galveston.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert:
" For purchase of land additional to the present custom-
house at Providence, Rhode Island, $16,000. And for 1
the erection of a new custom house at said port, which shall
be so constructed and arranged as to furnish a suitable
room for the United States circuit and district courts, with
the necessary offices for district judge, clerk, marshal, '
&c.,f34,000: Provided, That the entire cost of such ad-
ditional site and building shall in no event exceed the sum
hereby appropriated."
, The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing items:
" For continuing the construction of the custom house at
St. Louis, $1)5,(100.
" For proceeding with the construction of the custom-
house at Louisville, Kentucky, $87,745.
" For the completion of the custom-house at Cincinnati,
$87,745."
Mr. HUNTfeR. These custom-houses were
originally authorized by law with a limit on the
appropriation. A similar limit was imposed upon
many other custom-houses in the United States,
and persons are coming forward now with petitions
, to have that limit removed. In the House, ex-
ceptions were made with regard to these three
custom-houses; but the Committee on Finance
determined that they would strike out these items,
so as to adhere to the limit. If, however, the Sen-
ate should not concur with the committee in that
view of the subject, we shall have to present ap-
propriations for other custom-houses which ought
I to be put on the same footing.
[ Mr. GEYER. It is very true that in all the i
! western custom-houses, a limitation was put on J
their cost, but none was imposed on the custom-
houses on the Atlantic coast. My information h
with respect to one of these custom-houses—that I:
at St. Louis—is this: A lot has been purchased, '
and an appropriation was made last year, in addi- !
tion to the original appropriation, to pay for that [
lot. The Secretary of the Treasury authorized j
proposals to be received for the construction of the i
building. He adopted a plan which contemplated !
that the structure should be fire-proof. Proposals
were made for the different portions of the build-
ing, and the lowest of them, taken in the aggre-
gate, was something like $200,000. The question
that is now presented is, whether the building shall
be stopped entirely, or whether there shall be a i
structure there adapted to the purposes for which '
it was intended. The building must befire-proof.
It is designed to accommodate all the offices of the :
United States in that city; among them is the post
office, the recorder's office, the surveyor general's
office, which is the depository of the title papers
transferred from theSpanish Government, and the
official surveys and returns made under the au- 1
thority of the United States. Besides these offices,
the courts of the United States aretobeaccommo- 1
dated in this building, as well as the custom-house.
A lot of very considerable dimensions has been ,
purchased, plans have been submitted, and pro-1
posals have come in. It is ascertained that the
appropriation is not half enough to erect the build-
ing. I repeat, that the question which the Senate
has now to decide is, whether they will have a 1
structure erected at all or not, or whether they will
compel the Secretary of the Treasury to erect a
building which would be less secure than the pri-
vate buildings in which those offices are now situ-
ated. At the great fire in 1849, the public records '
in the land office, in the surveyor general's office,
and the post office, at St. Louis, were exposed to
imminent peril; and but for an accidental lulling
in the wind, and a slight change in its course, all t
that portion of the city would have been destroyed. [
While the private fire-proof buildings stood the
fire, and arrested its progress in one part of the
city, there were in that direction many combustible
buildings, and these papers would have been en-
tirely destroyed, but for the accidental lulling of
the wind to which I have alluded.
Now, I submit to the Senate whether it is be-
coming in this Government to depend upon pri- !
vate individuals and upon the States to furnish
buildings for the accommodation of its officers ?,;
j; I have thought for many years that Congress was
'' neglecting its duty in not providing buildings
wherever there were public offices and buildings
of the United States in which were records, which
should be protected against destruction. I do not
know what is the condition of the custom-houses
elsewhere, but I do know that a building, such as
is contemplated by the plans, is necessary for the
protection and security of the public archives in
the city of St. Louis.
i Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, the Senate
will perceive the reasons which governed the Com-
mittee on Finance. Unless we adhere to these
limitations on which the appropriations for the
I custom-houses are originally obtained, it is useless
! to put them in at all. We see that there is a very
bad practice growing up under the Government.
We commence with small appropriations, and
finally they result in magnificent and expensive
structures. The result will be that if we go on
building these costly custom-houses, not only at
, all the sea-ports, but in all the interior towns, we
shall soon have such an amount invested in public
buildings that the interest upon it would be reve-
nue enough for an ordinary government. If the
people at these places would be content with plain
and substantial structures for the accommodation
of the officers of the United States, there would
be no difficulty in granting some of the applica-
tions made; but as we are now going on, this item
of custom-houses is destined to be a source of ex-
travagant expenditure. It is, however, for the
Senate to determine the question. If they should
determine to remove the limitation, I give notice
that I shall feel bound to bring up two similar ap-
, plications from my own State, where they desire
to have this limitation removed; and there were
i other places before the committee in which the
; same thing would be as appropriate as here.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would like to inquire
• how much of the original appropriation remains
unexpended?
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know how much re-
mains unexpended; but in the appropriation bill of
1852, we made the following provision:
" For the completion of the custom-house at Louisville
Kentucky, the additional sum of $16,000. '
" For the completion of the custom-house at Cincinnati
$50,000. '
" For the completion of the custom-house and other pub-
I lie offices connected therewith, at Pittsburg, $35,000.
" For the completion of the fire proof building in the city
of St. Louis, Missouri, for a custom house and independent
treasury building, and other offices of the United States.
$37,000."
We commenced with the restrictions that the
appropriations were to cover all the expenses of
the sites and buildings. It was then proposed by
the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to peti-
tions to that effect, that we should set aside the
limitation, so far as the sites were concerned, and
appropriate an additional sum sufficient to cover
the cost of the sites. We did that; and it was
designed to close up these appropriations; that
i was going beyond the original limitation for the
I building, and adding the price of the site. We
supposed that that was to end it; but the propo-
sition now is, to increase these appropriations,
and to abandon the limitation.
Mr. GEYER called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment, and they were ordered.
Mr. GEYER. It is true, as I remarked before,
that a limitation was imposed on the construction
of these custom-houses in the West. I think it
ought not to have been imposed. The building at
St. Louis, and I believe the buildings in some of
the other cities named, were to accommodate a
1 number of officers. I will mention now what I
I omitted to mention before, that the assistant treas-
, urer's office, the sub-treasury, as it is called, is
to be in this building. I would call the attention
of the honorable Senator from Virginia to a fact
which occurred here a few years ago. It was al-
most unpossible to obtain a person willing to accept
the office of assistant treasurer in the city of St.
! Louis, because there was no place where the
' money could be kept, and the officer would have
to depend on private buildings, and he would have
to construct a vault, and have it protected against
fire. In consequence of the difficulties which ex-
isted, very few persons were willing to become
security for any man, whatever might be their con-
fidence in him personally, on account of the inse-
curity of the building, and the necessity there was
of keeping a guard over the money.
