1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
877
Now, I agree that it is useless to impose these j
limitations, and they are unjust. It has been a I
discrimination against the cities of the West. If |
you look over the appropriation bills from year to (!
year, you will find that the limitation has been al-
ways imposed upon the cities of the West, and
never, within my recollection, in any case of a
custom-house on the Atlantic. I am told, how-
ever, by a Senator near me, that there have been
limitations imposed sometimes on the Atlantic,
but they have never been regarded. These limit-
ations were disregarded at the last session, for
then additional apprtjpriations were made for every
one of these custom-nouses; for it was found that n
after lots on which to erect the buildings were pur- :
chased, the walls of an ordinary edifice could not
be constructed of the dimensions required, for the
remainder of the appropriation. It was on that
account that an additional appropriation was made
last year for the custom-houses at Cincinnati, Pitts-
burg, Louisville, and St. Louis. At that time it
was not ascertained what the buildings would cost;
but the Secretary of the Treasury directed the su-
perintendent to issue proposals, and after having
advertised for a considerable length of time, pro-
posals came in for the construction of the building
at St.Louis. It was found that if built fire-proof,
as the law itself required that it should be, an ad-
ditional appropriation of $115,000 would be re-
quired; and that sum the Secretary has recom-
mended to be appropriated. My opinion is, that
no part, or a very small sum of the $75,000 here-
tofore appropriated for the building, has yet been
expended; but the Department have purchased a
lot, obtained the title, and the old buildings which
were erected on it have been torn down prepara-
tory to the construction of the custom-house. And
now the Secretary of the Treasury, finding that
the money appropriated will not erect the building,
asks for this additional appropriation. I submit
again that the question is whether we shall have
any custom-houses or any public buildings what-
ever in the western cities. Is the limitation to
be adhered to there, and disregarded everywhere
else ?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, if I
understand the question, the Committee on Finance
have reported in favor of striking out an appro-
priation, which the House has made, of $115,000,
to complete the custom-house at St. Louis, in the
State of Missouri. I have looked into this ques-
tion; I have examined the report of the Committee
on Commerce, and the other documents relating
to it, and I have observed that the amount of
duties collected at that port during the past year ,
was upwards of $300,000. The commerce of that
port is very greatly on the increase. This build-
ing has been commenced, and I think it should
be finished. It is to accommodate various other
public offices besides the custom-house. It is to
accommodate the offices of the sub-treasury and
of the Superintendent of Indian Affairs. But the
foreign commerce and the growth of St. Louis
alone demand that this appropriation should be
made. The best evidence of its necessity is the
fact that the custom-house duties which have been
paid there during the last year amount to the large
sum which I have mentioned. I shall vote to re-
tain the appropriation with great pleasure, and
with the nope that the Senate will not concur in
the recommendation of the committee.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. This is a proposition,
as I understand, to strike out the appropriations 1
for the custom-houses on the western waters. I
believe that those custom-houses have been com-
menced. I cannot speak certainly in regard to any
except that at Louisville. I know that has been
commenced; and the Senator from Missouri says .
that at St. Louis has been commenced. You have
an overflowing Treasury; you have plenty of
money; the work has been commenced, and all
that you have heretofore expended will be thrown
away unless you go on and finish it. Do you in-
tend to cut off the work after having begun it ? I
hope not. 1 will not take up the time of the Sen- j
ate by showing that these establishments for com- '
mercial purposes operate to lessen the prices of |
merchandise brought to our country for consump-
tion. I insist that the people of the interior have
the same right to these commercial advantages
which redound to their benefit, as those who live
upon the sea-board have. You erect custom-houses
in your cities, and why should we not have them ?
The question being taken by yeas and nays upon
the adoption of the amendment, resulted—yeas 15,
nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Bradbury, Brodhead,
Dawson, De Saussure, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Houston,
Hunter, Mason, Miller, Phelps, and Pratt—15. j
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Borland, Bright, Cass,
Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas,
Downs, Felch, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Geyer, James, Jones of
Iowa, Mallory, Mangum, Morton, Rusk, Seward, Shields,
Smith, SouK, Spruance, Sumner, Underwood, Wade,
Walker, and Weller—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HUNTER. After this vote, I shall feel it
to be my duty on Monday to bring in a proposi-
tion to remove restrictions in regard to other cus-
tom-houses.
Mr. GWIN. I never was in favor of these re-
strictions from the beginning. I believe the first
one was imposed upon the custom-house in San
Francisco; but I thought that inasmuch as we had
commenced there, the system ought to be adhered
to, for all ought to be on the same footing. It
strikes me, that if the suggestion of the Senator
from Virginia shall be carried out, the restriction
will be removed from every custom-house in the
United States except that at San Francisco. I
think it is not just to remove it from every one
except that city. I contended against it at the
time, because I thought the sum was too small.
The next amendment was to insert, under the
head of " intercourse with foreign nations," the
following:
" For compensation of Edward Kent, for one quarter's
salary as charge d'affaires at the legation at Rio Janeiro,
during the absence of the minister, and under the instruc-
tions of the Department ofState,$1,125."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert $9,000 for
outfit for Commissioner to China.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I beg leave to call the atten-
tion of the Committee on Finance to page 36, line
850 of the bill, where I see a provison is made in
the bill as it came from the House for paying a
charge d'affaires, while acting as .minister in the
absence of the regular minister. During the last
Congress, the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations proposed an amendment to the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill, to pay addition-
al compensation to the late secretary of legation to
Mexico for similar services, and it was rejected. I
expected that, as the chairman of the Committee on
Finance has suffered this provision to remain in
the bill, he would have proposed an amendment
extending the same provision to the late secretary
of legation to Mexico.
Mr. HUNTER. We are not yet through with
the amendments of the Committee on Finance.
After they are disposed of, the Senator from
Florida, if he desires to offer an amendment, can do
so; but if I understand him, he refers to a case
for which there was no .estimate. I have no
doubt, however, that the Committee on Foreign
Relations will be ready to propose all that is
proper in that respect.
Mr. MORTON. Then I should like to have
an explanation from the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations on that subject.
Mr. MASON. The Committee on Foreign
Relations have instructed me to move an amend-
ment asking for such an appropriation.
Mr. MORTON. I am satisfied.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert:
" For defraying the expenses attending the expected visit
of a war steamer from the Sultan of Turkey, with contribu-
tions to the Industrial Exhibition to be held in New York,
in May next, $10,000 ; the said sum to be expended under
the direction of the President of the United States."
Mr. HUNTER. That is in pursuance of an
! estimate made by the Secretary of State. The sum
we propose is not as large as he desires. He in-
formed the committee that it was expected that
there would be a war steamer from the Ottoman
Porte to bring contributions to the exhibition in
New York, and he said it would be expected and
would be proper that we should extend the hos-
pitalities of the nation to them, and perhaps repair
the vessel at public expense. He estimated that
#20,000 would be necessary, but the committee
put it at $10,000.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance whether he him-
self approves of Congress appropriating money in
this way to defray the expenses of foreigners
visiting the United States ?
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose the Senator from
Mississippi would have no scruples in reference
to an appropriation to pay Indian chiefs who come
on to this city. We are in the habit of paying the
expenses of Indian delegations who come here,
and it is thought very proper. When we are deal-
ing with nations of peculiar customs, perhaps we
could not expend a little money more profitably
than by soothing their feelings this way, and ex-
tending such courtesies as they esteem.
Mr. MASON. I understand from my col-
league, the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
that the estimate of the Department was $20,000,
and that that committee have reduced it to $10,000.
The Secretary of State addressed a letter to the
Committee on Foreign Relations calling their at-
tention to this appropriation, saying that it was
usual and customary, and indispensable, in order
to get along with those Eastern potentates, that we
should depart from our usual rule in the way of
magnanimity and hospitality, and that the esti-
mate for the purpose had been sent to the Com-
mittee on Finance. Learning that that committee
had reduced the amount to $10,000, I addressed a
note to the Secretary of State informing him of
that fact, and asking him if there were any rea-
sons why the amount should not be reduced to
$10,000, he would be kind enough to state them.
He replied that it was presumed the largest por-
tion of the expenditure would remain, if left, for
repairs to that frigate; that it was impossible to
know what amount of repairs might be required,
but that if she were to break her main shaft, or
other accident of that kind were to occur, $10,000
would not be sufficient. He stated,further, that
on a former occasion, when Congress, at the sug-
gestion of the Department of State, appropriated
$10,000 for the reception of Amin Bey, who came
on a mission from his country to this, it was used
in such a manner by this functionary as that a
large portion of it now remains unexpended in the
Treasury. I submit to the Senate, that if it is in-
tended to preserve or to cultivate those relations
which the Executive desires to cultivate with the
Grand Sultan, we should not stint this appropri-
ation. It Will not be expended unless it is neces-
sary. Therefore, I move to amend the amendment
by increasing the amount to $20,000, according to
th e original estimate.
Mr. CASS. I hope the amendment will pre-
vail. I need not say a word to the Senate about
the custom of presents among the great nations
and men of the East in olden times. The Scrip-
tures are full of them, and down to this day the same
practice exists among them. I merely rose, how-
ever, to mention to the Senate one fact which has
come to my knowledge; and that is, that the im-
pression produced on the mind of the reigning
Sultan by the manner in which an officer of his
Navy, who was sent here some time ago, was re-
ceived and treated by our Government and peo-
ple, has been productive of the happiest results.
There is an economical council instituted in the
Ottoman empire to reduce expenses, because they
are feeling the influence of public opinion there as
well as in other parts of the world. That council
opposed the sending of this vessel to this coun-
try, simply on the ground of expense; but by the
personal interposition of the Sultan himself, in
consequence of the friendship towards his nation
exhibited by our Government and people in'their
conduct to Amin Bey, it was determined to send
it. It cannot fail to produce a very happy effect
on our relations with those countries; not only
to our commerce, but to the large number of our
countrymen who are traveling there.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was adopted.
The next amendment was to strike out all after
the word " dollars," in the following item:
" For compensation of the public gardener, twelve hun-
dred dollars, and the exclusive management of the grounds
attached to the Capitol and surrounding the Executive
Mansion shall be under his control."
Mr. HUNTER. The proposition, as it came
from the House, was to put these grounds under
the exclusive control of the head gardener, which
never has been contemplated by the present law,
and it seems to me that things are very well as
they are.
Mr. WALKER. I was of opinion that these
grounds had always been under the control of the
public gardener until the new system which was
introduced by Mr. Downing. I understand that
