878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
these grounds hare been brought to their present
Mate of beauty and improvement under the super-
intendence of the public gardener, and when I say
" public gardener," I mean one particular man—
James Maher. I recollect since I have been a
member of the Senate, that this was claimed for
him by a no less distinguished individual than the
deceased Senator from Kentucky, Mr. Clay; and
I believe it was always his habit, whenever any-
thing was said in regard to the management of the
public grounds, to take the floor and bear testimony
in favor of this man. It has been alleged, if I re-
member aright, by that great man, that there had
been dilapidation and a failure to keep up the state
of his improvements since the public gardener's
administration had been interfered with. I think
I remember that the late Senator from Kentucky
made such a statement; and I intended to propose
an amendment to obviate this interference, which
seems to have been introduced, and to insert ex-
pressly, if he is to be continued as public gardener,
that this shall be under his control by name.
Mr. HUNTER. This question is no stranger
to me, because I have been for some time a mem-
ber of the Committee on Public Buildings. The
head gardener has somehow taken it into his head
that he is the person entitled to be the head of the
concerns, to manage the laborers, and make his
estimates, and so on, for the expense of the public
grounds. Now, so far as there is any law on the
subject, it contemplates that these grounds shall
be under the charge of the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings. The exception to that law was
when Mr. Downing was appointed; and since that
a successor has been appointed to him, a land-
scape gardener, who directs these things. It is
true that the state of the law is imperfect and crude.
In looking into the matter some time since, I found
that there were a great many enactments in appro-
priation bills, some of them conflicting, and none
of them very accurate and precise; but still my
interpretation of the law was, that the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings was designed to attend
to this particular department of our affairs.
Now, sir, Maher is a very good head-gardener,
but it would be almost absurd to give him the ex-
clusive management of the public grounds. I am
sure that he is not fit for the business. I do not
think he can manage the expenditure of the money
in a proper way. He is a capital gardener, and I
have no idea that any man who may be at the
head of the grounds would interfere with him in
his own branch. He will be left to cultivate the
trees and the shrubs as he thinks best, but he will
be controlled in regard to the expenditure. It is
true that in relation to the grounds, other than the
Capitol grounds and those about the President's
House, plans were submitted—plans of improve-
ments not suggested by him, but by Mr. Down-
ing—plans which have been very much admired
by all persons of taste and knowledge on this sub-
ject. Now, if we depart from the old practice,
which has been that the Commissioner of Public
Buildings should be at the head of the public
grouifds, we shall fall into difficulty.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 recollect tftat Mr. Downing
stated to me that he was forbidden by some one
of these officers to take trees and light shrubbery
away from here, where they were too thick, in his
judgment, and remove them to the mall below.
An Authority was interposed, and I am rather
inclined to think it was this very gardener who
did it. He set up his authority above that of the
Commissioner of Public Buildings. When Mr.
Downing went to take suitable trees and shrubs
from where they were not needed to where they
were necessary, his hand was stopped in the mat-
ter. I think there is no proposition plainer and
clearer than that there ought to be a responsible
head, and I think no more suitable head can be
found than he who has charge of the grounds and
buildings.
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, I differ en-
tirely from both of the gentlemen who have just
addressed the Senate. I do not think that the
Commissioner of Public Buildings ought to have
the charge of the grounds at all. He is generally
a political officer, coming in with one Administra-
tion and going out with it. This man, whatever
may be said of him, has been the most tasteful
manager of the public grounds that we have had
in Washington, with possibly the exception of
Mr. Downing. I think that is the universal sen-
timent. I remember when I first came to Wash-
ington, that the eastern portion of the public
grounds around the Capitol was a continuous brick-
yard, with no ornaments of any sort. Those
grounds have since "been successfully cultivated,
and with very little resources indeed. Congress
from year to year has refused to grant a sufficient
amount, in my opinion, and I think a very inade-
quate salary is given to the public gardener. He
came here in the days of General Jackson, and I
believe General Jackson sent for him and brought
him here. At that time he had unlimited and per-
fect control; but since that day his rights have
been trenched upon until, in truth, he has been
made quite a subordinate to almost everybody. I
feel a sympathy for his situation. I have a strong
impression of his merits as a public officer, and I
propose now to move, if it be in order, to increase
his salary to $1,500 a year.
Sir, the man who did more than any other man
living or dead to beautify the walks and grounds
about this Capitol—I allude to the late illustrious
Clay—who projected all the improvements here,
and under whose influence they have been carried
out, always insisted, as I learn from information
upon which I rely, that this officer ought to have
a salary of J1,500 a year. I think he is much
more entitled to it than many of your clerks at
higher salaries who do not perform half the labor;
and I think we ou£ht to give him full control of
the grounds around the Capitol. If it is in order,
I.move to fix his salary at *1,500 a year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment is not now in order, because a previous
amendment is pending, and the amendments of the
committee have not been gone through with.
Mr. MANGUM. In the mean time I hope he
will have the charge of thegrounds about the Cap-
itol and the President's House, and that we shall
not place them under an individual who is in some
sense irresponsible, and who may be supposed to
be incapable—I mean the Commissioner of Public
Buildings—who comes here, stays a year or two,
goes out, and another comes in with no more
knowledge of his duties than his predecessor.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I rise to indorse every
word which has been uttered by the honorable
Senator from North Carolina with regard to this
matter, and to repel the most unjust and unjusti-
fiable assault made by my worthy friend from
Virginia upon the public gardener. I think my
friend has forgotten himself upon this occasion,
and done injustice to a most valuable and efficient
officer. 1 recollect that one of the last things done
by the late Senator from Kentucky in reference
to this matter was to move to increase the salary
of the public gardener, bearing evidence at the
same time to the general fidelity and the tasteful-
ness with which he performed his duty here as
gardener. I hope we shall concur in the proposi-
tion of the House, and make the increase of salary
suggested by the Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. HALE. 1 would suggest to the Senator
from Virginia that the clause as it comes from the
House places the whole matter entirely with the
public gardener, without any control or supervis-
ion. Therefore, before the question be taken on
tfee motion to strike out, I want a qualification to
be added at the end of the section immediately
succeeding the words to be stricken out, in these
words: 1
Subject only to the direction of the President of the Uni-
ted States. 1
I offer this amendment because it has been sug-
gested that without something of that sort the pub-
lic gardener would have the control of the grounds
around the President's House without regard to |
the wishes of the President. To avoid anything
of that kind, I hope the amendment will be insert-
ed, and that then we shall retain the section, and
that the gardener will stay. He is an old and val-
uable friend here. He has been here a great many
years,and, as was said by the Senators from Iowa
and North Carolina, he was the particular-favor-
ite of Mr. Clay; so much so that I can hardly
think of him now except as a part of the compro- j
mise measures. [Laughter.l I can hardly sepa-
rate them in my mind, and I hope he will be per
mitted to stand as a part of the compromise.
Mr. HUNTER. The public grounds are put
by law, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, and he surely ought to have the con-
trol of these matters; because, if this provision
be retained, there will be a conflict of jurisdiction
between the public gardener and the Commission-
er of Public Buildings, and the landscape gardener,
who has been employed. We have had it already,
and I think this will increase the difficulty. It
seems to me that something ought to be done to
save the authority of the Secretary of the Interior;
and therefore I would suggest to the Senator from
New Hampshire to strike out " President of the
United States" and insert " Secretary of the In-
terior."
Mr. HALE. I agree to that.
Mr. JAMES. I hope that change will not be
made, but that the matter will be left under the
control of the President. Allow me to state one
fact: A short time since the lady of the President
of the United States, accompanied by the Presi-
dent, went through the green-houses attached to
the public grounds. She asked the gardener for a
flower, and she was refused.
Several Senators. It cannot be so.
Mr. JAMES. I had it from her own lips.
Mr. BUTLER. He did not know her, I pre-
sume.
Mr. JAMES. He knew it was the President
of the United States and his lady.
Mr. HALE. I modify my amendment as sug-
gested by the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. MANGUM. I would suggest that it
would be better to strike out the word " exclu-
sive," so as to let the clause read "that the man-
agement of the grounds," instead of the exclusive
management.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
amendment now pending, and this amendment
will not be in order until that is disposed of.
Mr. WALKER. I would like to know from
the Senator from New Hampshire if it is the un-
derstanding that his amendment would authorize
the Secretary of the Interior to interpose any per-
son between himself and the gardener?
Mr. HALE. I do not so understand it.
Mr. WALKER. If it excludes any such in-
terposition, I will vote for the amendment of the
Senator from New Hampshire. A mere florist—
for I understand he is not a landscape gardener,
but a florist—has interposed, and we can see the
effects of it around us. Go and look at the once
beautiful walks about the Capitol, and you find
they are going to decay and neglect. Look at the
trees, and you see that they are undergoing change
from being neglected.
The facts which have brought about this delay
and neglect have all been remonstrated against by
the public gardener. He has come to me fre-
quently, and annoyed me sometimes, with his
complaints about his remonstrances being disre-
garded. He would tell me beforehand what would
be the effect, and it has turned out just as he told
me. A case has been mentioned here of somebody
interposing against the removal of trees from the
eastern grounds. The gardener told me about
that. He said that he found a person there en-
deavoring to take away some of his trees. This
was his expression to me: "Mr. Walker, you
know I love them as I do my children. I have
nursed them since they were planted, and I do not
want to see them removed. When it was about
to be done I remonstrated. My remonstrance did
no good. I then went and got a Senator—I be-
lieve it was Mr. Hamlin, of Maine—and heinter-
posed objections to the removal of the trees." It
was the removal of the trees from those clumps
on the eastern front of the Capitol—a thing that
" Old Jemmy," as he is called, would not see done
for his life. The beauty of the grounds has been
destroyed, in a great measure, since he has been
interfered with. He has remonstrated, but his
remonstrances have not availed, and we see what
has been the result. I hope that we shall not allow
any scope for anybody to interpose between him
and the Secretary of the Interior, but that he will
be permitted to go on and restore the grounds to
the condition in which they were four or five years
ago, but from which they have since fallen to a
considerable extent.
Mr. MANGUM. I hope the Senator from
New Hampshire will modify his amendment by
including in it the striking out the word " exclu-
sive," so that it shall read:
" All the grounds attached to the Capitol and surround-
ing the Executive Mansion, shall be under his control, sub-
ject only to the direction of the Secretary of the Interior."
Mr. HALE. The suggestion of the Senator
from North Carolina does not touch my amend-
ment at all. After my amendment is adopted, it
