880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26.
cause I believe it is utterly impossible, as I said
before, for one lawyer to discharge the duties im-
posed upon the two officers. Besides that, 1 nra
anxious that there shall be some termination to
this land commission; and the best way to effect
this is to have sufficient legal ability representing
theGovernment to decide cases at once; and I un-
dertake to say, that the lawyers there who are
against him, prosecuting private land claims in
California, do complain that the counsel of the
United States has not been able to dispose of the
cases as rapidly as they are presented. It is im-
portant to the Government, as well as to individual
claimants, that these cases should be rapidly de-
cided. Upon many of these claims our people
have settled, and they will not make permanent
improvements until the titles are settled. The
prosperity of the country has already been much
retarded by the delay of the land commission.
The interest of all parties require that the public
lands should be separated at once from that which
is owned by individuals. To accomplish this
speedily an assistant law agent is indispensable. I
would rather vote to increase than to diminish the
force representing the Government.
Mr. GWIN. I have not reproached the law
agent, but I undertake to say that the Government
can dispense with his services in California. He
has not been there for some time, and there has
been no complaint that his services were wanted.
He may have been employed on important busi-
ness here; but he is not acting as law agent of
the Government in California, the office to which
he was appointed. He has not been acting in
that capacity since the assistant law agent entered
upon the duties of his office, who has ever since
done all that is necessary to protect the interests
of the Government and promote the dispatch of
business before the Board.
I have never made an attack upon the lawagent.
That attack, if any has been made, never came
from me. He may be an able lawyer and an
honest man, and perform his duty faithfully. I do
not say otherwise; but I do not think it is neces-
sary to have two law agents there to discharge ;
the duties, particularly now since the great major- [
ity of cases have been presented to the Board, and
prepared for argument. The agent may have
labored assiduously, and no doubt thought he
needed assistance. His health may have been
broken down by the labor of his office, but the fact
that he has been here so long, and there is no com-
plaint from California, shows that the assistant
can get along without the law agent to protect
the interests of the Government, without his aid. ,
Therefore, it seems to me that we could dispense
with one of these officers. This is my opinion,
and acting upon it, 1 proposed in the Committee
on Finance that one office should be abolished.
I am as anxious for the dispatch of business
before this Board as anybody. I do not think it
has done much good since it was organized, though
I hope we shall have a great deal of good from a
reorganization of the Board hereafter. The law
creating it will expire in a year, and we want work-
ing men in the Board to insure the dispatch of
business. But I have not another word to say on
the subject. We can get along very well with one
law agent, but if the Senate think otherwise 1 am
content.
Mr. BUTLER. The Senator from California
has often said that I do not vote for California. I
will take this opportunity of voting as well as I
can for California, by retaining these two officers.
Mr. GWIN. I find that the Senator generally
votes against me.
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir.
Mr. GWIN. Always.
Mr. BUTLER. If this gentleman, the law
agent, is a good lawyer, and can retain the control
of the principles involved while the assistant law '
agent goes through the records and hunts up the
facts for him, I think it will be a very good con-
junction.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. Did we reject the whole of the
amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir. *
Mr. WELLER. I have no objection to the latter
branch of it which increases the compensation of
the commissioners; but would it not now be in or-1
der to move to insert it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
can attain his object by moving a reconsideration.
Mr. WELLER. Then I move to reconsider j
the vote by which that amendment was rejected.
I think the salaries of the commissioners ought to
be increased.
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert:
" For tlie purpose of purchasing or building a revenue
cutter to be propelled by steain, and employed on the Pa-
cific coast, $75,000: Provided, That there shall he not
more than one steain and one sail vessel employed lor -such
purposes on that coast."
Mr. HUNTER. This is according to estimate.
It was represented that in some states of the wind
it would be impossible for the present cutter there
to overtake the vessels which it may desire to
overhaul, and for that purpose a steam-cutter is
indispensable.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the end
of the appropriations for the Library of Congress,
the following:
" For the completion of the publication of the works of
the Exploring Expedition, $25,000."
Mr. BORLAND. I simply wish to call the at-
tention of the Senate to this appropriation for the
publication of that interminable work, the Ex-
ploring Expedition. I think that at the last ses-
sion, it was understood that the appropriation then
made was to be the last, and I thought that was
the express understanding with which we made
that appropriation.
Mr. HUNTER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Library can explain this matter.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senatorfrom Arkansas is
mistaken in his recollection of what took place at
the last session of Congress. I then stated dis-
tinctly that it would require two years, and $50,000
to finish the publication. We then appropriated
$25,000, and it is now proposed to appropriate
§25,000 more. In order that the Senate may be
satisfied that the object is in good faith for the
completion of the work, we have said not in the
usual form " for the continuation," but "for the
completion" of the work. When it is recollected
that the committee was charged by law with this
duty, I suppose no gentleman can object to giving
them the means to do what it is their duty to do.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I know very well that my
friend from Maryland states that this is for the
completion of the publication; but if he will look
back in the appropriation bills for five or six years
past, I think he will find the same clause " for the
completion of the publication of the works of the
Exploring Expedition." ,
Mr. PEARCE. I will be obliged to the Sena- ,
torfrom Pennsylvania to show me any such clause.
I have always drawn them up myself, and I have
never before put such a word in.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I can show it; but per-
haps it may have been inserted before the Senator
had a place in the Senate. In 1842, the Exploring
Expedition returned; it was four years out, and it
has taken nearly ten years in the publication of
the results of the expedition, at the rate of some
$25,000 a year. I thought that, at the last session !
of Congress, we served a notice on them to quit. ;
I presume it will be remembered that I brought to |
the notice of the Senate at the last session, the
amount appropriated from year to year, from 1842 ,
to that time, and I have a strong impression on |
my mind that the same clause was formerly put j
in our appropriation bills, as is now, namely: j
that the appropriation shall be " for the comple- '
tion of"the publication."
Mr. PEARCE. The Senatorfrom Pennsylva- 1
nia is undoubtedly mistaken in that; and let me 1
remind him that it takes much less time to make ]
a large collection of objects of natural history than
it does to describe them. Field-naturalists, with
very little acquirements, comparatively, can make ■
collections, but it requires the very highest science
to describe those collections; and even those who
have the highest scientific acquirements are re-
quired to consult rare and recherche books. There 1
is nothing remarkable in the progress of this work
taking ten years, because it is very well known to
those who have any acquaintance at all with the
subject, that in the publication of the works of
other exploring expeditions by other nations, a
much longer time than ten years has been required. ,
Some of the great works put out by the English,
have taken twelve or fourteen years. All that
was explained by me very fully some years ago,
and I will not go over the ground again. I
Mr. HALE. I have expressed my views upon
this subject so frequently that it is hardly neces-
sary forme now to repeat them, but I think I
must be under the necessity of taking back some-
thing that I have heretofore said. When I was
at home, during the last recess, I went, by invita-
tion of a school committee, into one of the primary
schools of the town in which I live. A class in
geography was called up, and I there learned for
the first time, and I will take my oath of it, if re-
quired, that this Exploring Expedition had discov-
ered a new continent. Yes, sir; it was down in
the geographies that another continent had been
discovered by Commodore Wilkes, of the United
States Exploring Expedition. It actually went
into the school books, and found its way into
New England; and I think it will be news to the
Senate when they learn that this new continent
was actually discovered more than ten years ago.
I hope these books will be completed in a short
time, so that this information maybe distributed.
I want to say, in regard to this matter, that I
do not believe there is anything, except the high
character of the Senator from Maryland, that re-
deems the whole concern from universal contempt.
I believe it is one of the greatest humbugs of the
age, not excepting the saving of the Union that
took place in 1850. It is even a greater humbug
than that. And, sir, if this actually be the end
of it; if it is to be the completion, the final com-
pletion of it, I shall rejoice, and I shall be recon-
ciled to going out of public life if this concern dies
with me. I am willing to be sacrified to have this
concern stopped. [Laughter.]
But I think there ought to be a provision put in
the bill now, that the new exploring expedition
which we have going out shall not take twenty
years to publish the result of their researches. We
have an exploring expedition now out, and one
going out, to say nothing about the Japan expe-
dition. Put these expeditionsall together, and the
imagination falters when it attempts to grasp the
time which it will take to give the benefit of their
researches to the world.
What, sir, do you suppose that these exploring
expeditions do ? These explorers take a great oys-
ter-rake; they rake the bottom of the ocean, and
bring home bugs, shells, plants, and creeping
things of all sorts, and then enlist the literary ana
scientific recherche all over the country to pore them
| over, and explain and analyze them to the public,
and make picture-books. [Laughter.] That is
your exploring expedition. I do not wish to say
a word disrespectful to the Senator from Mary-
land, and I beg him not to jump at me. [Laugh-
ter.] I do hope, however, that this is to be an
end of this matter; and, sir, saving and excepting
this new continent that has been discovered, and
which is in the school books, if nowhere else, I
think this expedition has been an entire failure.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave to say, that high
as the character of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire is—and it is very high—it is not high enough
to throw contempt upon this work. It is a work
that does honor to the science of the country. It
is recognized as such by scientific men every-
where. The scientific reports which have been
made have elicited the very highest encomiums
from people of that description. I shall not re-
peat them here, as I have done in times past. The
Senate, I think, understand the Senator from New
Hampshire too well to be affected by the droll re-
marks which he has just now made.
Mr. CLARKE. I would ask the Senator where
copies of these works are to be found?
Mr. PEARCE. There were some in the Libra-
ry of Congress, but I believe they were burned.
If a large number have not been distributed, it is
our own fault. By our own act we limited the
number of the publication to a hundred copies. I
know that was a very improper thing, and I re-
monstrated against it at the time. Those that are
distributed are to be found in the places to which
they were assigned. The State of Rhode Island
has one copy. Every State in the Union has one
copy.
Mr. CLARKE. One is enough for little Rhody.
[Laughter.]
Mr. PEARCE. All the State capitals are sup-
plied with them.
Mr. BRADBURY. I should be very willing
to vote for the appropriation if there were some
penalty annexed to a future application for more
money.
