THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1853.
New Series No. 5G.
Mr. PEARCE. I would ask the Senator upon
whom he would impose the penalty ?
Mr. BRADBURY. Upon the recipient of the
fund. I think we have been paying for this worlj
for some ten years past, at the rate of $25,000 a
year.
Mr. PEARCE. If the Senator can contrive to
draw up such an amendment as that, I think I
can promise him that I will vote for it.
Mr. BRADBURY, (f the Senate will pass
by this amendment for the present, I will engage
to draw up such a provision.
Mr. HALE. I would ask the honorable chair-
man, whether there have been any contracts made
with regard to this matter ?
Mr. PEARCE. The Committee on the Libra-
ry were authorized by law to contract, and they
have contracted.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 29, noes 10.
The next amendment was to insert:
" For the preparation and publication of a general cata-
logue of tile Library of Congress, to be made in such man-
ner as the Joint Committee on the Library of Congress may
direct, $3,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add at the end of
the first section, the following:
£< Mexican Boundary Commission—For completing the
snrvey of the Rio Grande, and for office work for one year,
$83,513.
" For arrears due to Major William H. Emery's party,
$•20,000.
" For expenses attending Lieutenant VVhij pie's party
from the Gila, §6,000.
" For pay of commissioner and secretary, and for per-
sonal and traveling expenses of the commissioner, $9,500.
•• Said sums to be disbursed upon warrants approved by
the commissioner and surveyor and chief astronomer;
and in lieu of a clerk and assistant secretary, as heretofore
allowed by regulation of the Department, there shall be a
disbursing agent, who shall give bond for the faithful per-
formance of his duty, and liis annual compensation shall
not exceed $1,500.
" Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the period lim-
ited for the appointment of commissioner, surveyor, and
chief astronomer by the act of May 15, 1850, shall be, and
the same is hereby, extended to the 1st of April, 1854."
Mr. WELLER. This difficulty strikes me in
regard to that amendment. The Select Committee
on the subject, of which I am the chairman, made
a report some four or five weeks ago that the office
of commissioner and surveyor had expired by
limitation of law. The act of 1850 expressly
provided that the Surveyor and Commissioner
should hold their offices for three years from the
1st of January, 1850, and no longer. The Select
Committee to whom the subject was referred have
made a report, which has been printed, and has
been upon the table of every Senator, in which
they have expressed the opinion that these gen-
tlemen went out of office upon the 1st day of Jan-
uary last.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator had noticed the
second part of the amendment, he would have seen
that it expressly extends the act of 1850, because
it provides " that the period limited for theappoint-
mentof commissioner, surveyor, and chief astron-
omer, by the act of May 15,1850, shall be, and the
sameis hereby, extended tothelstof April, 1854."
It was thought proper to extend the period for a
year.
Mr. WELLER. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out the words " by the commis-
'sioner and surveyor and chief astronomer; and in
' lieu of a clerk and assistant secretary, as heretofore
'allowed by regulation of the Department, there
' shall be a disbursing agent, who shall give bond
' for the faithful performance of his duty, and whose
' annual compensation shall not exceed $1,500,"
and to insert the werds " the Secretary of the Inte-
rior," so that it shall read " said sums to be dis-
bursed upon warrant, approved by the Secretary
of the Interior." My object is to have the amount
supervised by him.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended, was adopted.
Mi;. BUTLER. There are other committees
which have amendments to offer, and important
amendments. For the purpose of giving them au
56
| opportunity of preparing them, I move that the
1 Senate do now adjourn.
! Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Finance
has not got through. [
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I appeal to the Senator 1
from South Carolina to withdraw the motion for
a moment, so that I may move to postpone the
bill till Monday, and ask a favor of the Senate, :
the last favor I am likely to ask, and that is to pass
a little bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I withdraw the motion. ,
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until Monday;
and I beg the Senate to take up a bill for the relief
of B. B. Bennett, of Kentucky. It is the case of
an old soldier, whose claim for a pension was re-
jected by the committee of the Senate because of
some defect of testimony. I wrote to Kentucky,
and evidence has been sent back here doing away
with that defect, and the committee has now report-
ed favorably on the case, and there is no objection
I to the bill. As I asked this morning for a large
favor, I am in the condition of the man who sur-
| rendered everything,and finallyasked for some old
I clothes. [Laughter.] '
[ Mr. BUTLER. Let him have it. It is his last i
chance.
j Mr. BRODHEAD. I beg to make a sugges
; tion. Can we not have the amendments of the
various committees printed ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By common
consent all the amendments intended to be pro-
! posed by standing committees, or by members of
the Senate, can be laid upon the table informally,
and ordered to be printed.
i It was so ordered; and the motion to postpone
■ was agreed to.
! B. B. BENNETT.
] On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, the Senate,
! as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill for the relief of B. B. Bennett. It
proposes to place his name upon the roll of inva-
j lid pensioners at the rate of eight dollars per month
j for and during his life.
| The bill was reported to the Senate without
J amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
EDWARD BOX.
Mr. BELL. I have now an appeal to make to
the Senate which 1 have never made before. I
have a Democratic colleague in the House of Rep-
reaentatives, who has a case of this kind: A Mr.
[ Box, who is over ninety years of age, had a pen-
' sion granted to him under the act of 1832, which
he enjoyed until 1842, when he had some quarrel
with one of his neighbors, which excited his feel-
ings somewhat. That neighbor threatened him
that if he did not yield his pretensions in that con-
test, he would deprive him of his pension. The
old gentleman, not supposing such a thing possible,
made no concession, and the first thing he knew
! the pension was suspended upon the affidavit of a
young man of twenty-one years of age, that he
was a Tory in the Revolution. The Department
I now refuses, unless he goes back and gets new
affidavits reestablishing those upon which his ori-
final claim was founded, to give him a pension.
understand that the bill was referred this morn-
ing to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
I move to discharge that committee from the fur-
! ther consideration of the bill, that we may bring it
j before the Senate.
I The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
[ in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Edward Box, of Ten-
nessee, on the revolutionary pension roll, at the ;
rate of #6 66J per month, to commence on the j
4th of March, 1842, and continue during his nat- |
ural life. \
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed. j
NAVAL DEPOT AT NEW ORLEANS.
Mr. SOULE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing an ap-
propriation lor tile purchase ol a suitable place at or near
New Orleans, with a view to establish there a naval depot
and navy workshops, agreeably to the suggestions contained
in the report to Congress of the Secretary of the Navy, and
in the letter of the same officer accompanying this reaolu-
i tion.
IRA BALDWIN.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
sideration of the bill from the House of Repre-
| sentatives for the relief of Ira Baldwin. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of War to issue to
Ira Baldwin, a Canadian volunteer in the war of
1812, a land warrant for three hundred and twenty
acresof land, and that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury pay to Ira Baldwin £180 for three months'
extra pay, and in full compensation for his ser-
vices in the last war with Great Britain.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
HARLOW SPAULDING.
On motion by Mr. BRADBURY, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the
consideration of the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the relief of Harlow Spaulding.
Mr. COOPER moved that the Senate adjourn;
but the motion was not agreed to, there being, on
a division—ayes 15, noes 20.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Harlow Spaulding the usual compensa-
tion allowed naval store-keepers, in foreign places,
for the time he acted in that capacity at Port Ma-
hon and Spezzia, after deducting the amount re-
ceived by him as compensation for his services as
clerk.
Mr. HALE. I have uniformly opposed bills
of this character, and I cannot consent to the pas-
sage of this bill now. They are all wrong.
Mr. BRADBURY. I will state that this allow-
ance is recommended by the Department, and the
case is one peculiar in its nature. There being
no person who could be employed in the capacity
of naval store-keeper, this individual wassentthere
and requested to stay. There was a full examina-
tion of the matter by the committees of the Senate
and of the House. The sum is very small and is
recommended by both. The individual would
not have remained but for the instructions which
he received.
Mr. BORLAND. When did he act in that
capacity'
Mr. BRADBURY. In 1848, for a very short
time, under peculiar circumstances.
Mr. HALE. I want to be consistent, and I do
not want to have this bill passed. Since these
applications have been made, while I have been
here, I have uniformly voted against them. It
very often happens persons in subordinate posi-
tions, when at sea, perform duties of a higher
office than that which they hold, and I have uni-
formly voted against allowing increased compen-
sation for such accidental service, and I am con-
strained to do so now; but I shall not kill time
by making a speech. I shall content myself with
voting against it.
Mr. MORTON. I am opposed to this hasty
mode of legislation. There is such a confusion
in the Hall that it is utterly impossible to vote
understanding^ on any bill. I therefore move
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 26, 1853.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. James GallaHer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
