684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes fi4, noes 4*2; no quorum voting.
[Loud cries of " Call the roll !"]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Oh, no! Let
there be a recount.
Mr. ORR. i object. There is a quorum in
the Hall, but gentlemen will not take the trouble
to rise from their seats and vote.
[Loud cries of" Recount!"]
Mr. ORR. Well, sir, I will withdraw my ob-
jection.
Mr. STUART. Before we are again called
upon to vote, I ask that the question of order
may be stated and the amendment read.
The Clerk again reported the amendment.
Mr. JENKINS. I understand the proposition
to be, in two words, to purchase ships instead of
building them.
[Loud cries of "Order!" and great confusion all
over the Hall.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The Chair will read the rule with reference to ap-
propriation bills. It is as follows:
'•81. No appropriation sriall be reported m such general
appioprialion bill-:, or bo in order as an amendment thereto,
fo; any expenditure not previously authorized bv law, un-
less in continuation of appropriations torsueli public works
and objects a- are already in lirn^rt.^-, and for tbe contin-
gencies tor carrying on the several Departments ot the Gov-
ernment."
That is the whole rule. The law does not au-
thorize the construction or purchase of ships for
the Navy of the United States, and upon that
ground no appropriation for that purpose is in
order. The Chair so ruled yesterday, and his
decision was sustained by the committee. The
Chair regards this as a proposition to purchase a
ship and direct it to be equipped, and in conflict
with that rule. The amendment, moreover, is
not pertinent to this bill. It relates to the service
of the Post Office Department.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 ask if it is
not competent for me to state that the law author-
izing this line of steamers 
[Loud cries of " Order !"]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will be happy
to hear the gentleman from Tennessee, unless ob-
jection is made.
Mr. STEPHENS. I object.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Tennessee has an undoubted right, under our rules,
to state the ground of his appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. He has stated it once.
Mr. STANTON. I take the appeal on the
ground that the law authorizing this line of steam-
ers provides that the Government may, at any
time, take one of the steamers on the conditions
specified in that amendment. It does not propose
to build new ships, but only to carry out 
[Loud cries of " Order !" and Question !"]
The tellers then resumed their places, and the
question having been again put, " Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee?" the tellers reported—ayes 82.
A further count was not insisted on.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment ruled out of order.
Mr. BROOKS. I send up an amendment to the
Chair, and before the Chair decides upon the ques-
tion of its being in order, I desire to call his at-
tention to an existing law providing for the con-
struction of these ships, and which will make this
amendment in order. I move the following:
And that the frigates Sabine and Santee, now on the
stocks, shall be launched and made ready for service.
Mr. HOUSTON. Why, a part of this appro-
priation is for that express purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair then decides
th«{ amendment to be in order.
Mr. BROOKS. There is a great necessity for
the launching of these ships. But I wish first to
call the attention of the committee to the effect of
the existing laws in relation to the repair of old
ships, under the laws as they now stand. Hav-
ing no law to build a new steamer, the old Prince-
ton steamer was torn down, and then rebuilt,
preserving the machinery and the name, and that
was about all; to do which cost about as much if
not tnore, than it would have cost to build the hull
of a new steamer outright. The Government are
thus every year at thousands of dollars unneces-
sary expense, because, in order to keep up the
Nary, it becomes necessary thus tear down and
buiia up, there being no authority to build up
anew. The steamer Vixen was torn down and
rebuilt in like manner; and in this case about the
whole hull, 1 believe, was taken away. Indeed,
in many of these cases of repair, the whole ships
are torn down and taken away, with the exception
of mere fragments left for the purpose of avoiding
the law. The Princeton had nothing left but a few
knees.
Now, sir, these frigates Sabine and Santee are
upon the stocks, and have been there for many
years. I understand they are in danger of suffer-
ing from the dry-rot; and their launching and
equipment have been recommended over and over
again in the public documents which I have before
me accompanying the reports of the Secretaries of
the Navy, both by the Secretaries themselves, and
by the Bureau of Construction.
From Commodore Skinner's Report.
"The Bureau would respectlully recommend that the
frigate Sabine, on tile stocks fit New York, and Santee, at
Portsmouth, IVcw Ilamp->hiie, be completed and launched
to supply the places of the Constitution and the United
States. The Sabine and Santee have been on the stocks
in an unfinished state for many years. They are of larger
dimensions than tho^e it is propo>ed to reJieve irom sea
service, and may, it is believed, be launched and equipped
at a cost not far, if at all, exceeding the amount required 10
repair and equip old frijaies. The economy of the meas-
ure is evident, as the new ships will run a number of years
without repairs."—Bureau of Construction, November i,
1850.
" The Bureau last year also offered for consideration the
propriety ot launching the trigates Santee and Sabine, and
to lurnish one or both with the necessary machinery to drive
them by steam."—Bureau of Construction, November 1,
1851.
From Commodore Shub-rick's Report.
As a general rule, the repairs required to a vesse!-of-war
increase with her age, every successive thorough repair
being more expensive than the last, until a thorough repair
become* almost equal in co>t to the expense of a new ship.
It would therefore be sound economy, even if it should
be deemed that we have a sufficient number of ship5! in the
water for the current service of the Navy, to discontinue
the use of some of the oldest, and introduce others in their
stead by launching the two frigates Sabine and Santee, that
have been on the stocks- since 1823, and by building some
sloops-of-war.""—Bureau of Construction, ^c., 1852.
But, in reply to the suggestion of the gentleman
from Alabama, that the Navy Department now
have the authority to launch these ships, I have to
say that that Department have not heretofore felt
at liberty, under the laws, to launch them, without
especial direction. They have not considered it a
proper exercise of the power extended to them, and
for this reason these ships have remained on the
stocks for many years, and there will continue to
remain, unless an express provision is made for
the purpose of having them launched, or unless
Congress gives some intimation to that effect. The
Navy Department has heretofore so construed their
powers as not to be able to do it, and they will go
on rebuilding " Princetons" and tearing down and
rebuilding " Vixens." That is precisely what
they are now doing with the old frigate Constel-
lation at Norfolk, a ship not worth repairing. The
Constellation isasecond-clas** frigate of thirty-two
guns, and was launched at Baltimore in the year
1797, more than half a century ago. Her timbers ,
are very rotten, and for the most part will have to 1
be replaced with new, and her model will no doubt |
require some alteration to conform somewhat with
ships of more recent construction. The vessel has ,
been allowed for years to retain her position in
that portion of the Norfolk navy-yard technically 1
known as "Rotten Row,"—where shemighthave
remained, had not the present exigencies of the
service compelled the Department to have her re-
paired.
To keep up the Navy, the Department is thus
obliged to razee the Constellation, and to convert
her, at great expense, into a sloop-of-war. Such
is the folly, such the inconsistency of our laws.
\ must say, then, that unless the House is mad—
stark mad—it will alter these laws with reference
to the construction and repairs of vessels of the
Navy, and will go on building as the public exi-
gencies require. Otherwise it will be utterly im-
possible to improve the models of our Navy. We
are obliged to follow models of vessels which have
been in existence for fifty years; and so long as
we are compelled to follow the models of such
vessels, we shall be behind the age in the construc-
tion of our naval vessels, and behind all the navies
in the world. The Elouse, however, seems to
have decided it will do nothing more for the Navy;
nothing towards keeping up with the spirit of the
age; but it cannot deprive us, who protest asrainst
its conclusion and its acts, from thus publicly
making our protest against its folly.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand, from the read-
ing of this report, that the Secretary of the Navy
intends to do just what the gentleman from New
York proposes to accomplish by his amendment.
It was precisely for that purpose that a part of
this estimate for $1,941,001) was made. I will
again read the portion of the report of Commo-
dore Shubrick which refers to this matter. He
says:
'* It would therefore be sound economy, even if it should
be deemed that we have a sufficient number of fhips in the
water tor the current service of the Navy, to discontinue
the use of the olde&t, and introduce others in their etead,
by launching the two frigates Sabine and Santee, that have
been on the stocks since 1823, and by building some sloops-
of-war.
"The frisates above named were, when laid down, of
the largest chi?-*, but are interior to the frigates of rise pres-
ent day of the first cla^s; and the changes winch the intro-
duction of new applications of power and new arrange-
ments of armament are making in the composition of other
navies as well as of our own, mays-oon make tiiern ol'hftle
value. By putting them in the water now, for which a
smill appropriation would be needed, and n ine them,
heavy expenses in the repair of old ships would be avoided,
and room would be made to take advantage of the improve-
ments in architecture and armament, by which alone we
may hope to keep pace with the navies in comparison with
which we must so frequently be placed.
" Provision has been made in the estimate for repairing
the Franklin, peventy-four, reducing her to a razee of tifty
gun> , and the Constellation frigate, of thirty-six guns, re-
ducing her to a first class sloop-of war, by which two valu-
able cruising vessels would be made available."
Now, it occurs to me that this covers the whole
ground. I am voting for this approbation with
the express understanding, on my part, that we
are giving this money in part, for the purpose of
completing and launching the Sabine and the San-
tee, and in part for the repair of the Franklin
and the Constellation.
Mr. BROOKS. If it does, then why not say so
in the bill ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I am voting for the appro-
priation with that express understanding, and I
do not think the amendment is at all necessary.
I hope it will not be adopted.
Mr. FLORENCE. If this amendment is to
pass, then I move further to amend, by adding
the following, viz:
" For repairing the Franklin seventy-four, reducing her
to a razee of fifty guns, and the Constellation frigate, of
thirty-six guns, reducing her to a first class sloop-of-war."
Mr. Chairman, if the amendment offered by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
is necessary to provide how one portion of this
appropriation is to be expended, this provision is
just as necessary to provide how the other portion
shall be expended.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let us vote against it all.
Mr". FLORENCE. Very well; I am willing
to take the vote without any further remarks.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Flor-
ence's amendment to the amendment, and it was
not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Brooks's
amendment, and being taken, the amendment was
also disagreed to.
Mr. STANLY. Is there now any amendment
pending?
The CHAIRMAN. No amendment is now
pending.
Mr. STANLY. I move the following amend-
ment: r
Page two, after line twenty-three, insert:
For the equipment, maintenance, and support of an ex-
pedition for the exploration of the interior ot Auiert, east-
ward of Libena, and the ascertainment of the re-omres of
that region for the colonization of the free blacks of the
United States, $1*25,000.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
The appropriation proposed in that amendment
is not authorized by any existing law. 1 submit
that the amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Upon that principle the
Chair thinks the amendment is not in order.
Mr. STANLY. Before the Chair makes his
final decision upon that point, I ask permission to
correct the gentleman from Missouri as to a matter
of fact. An expedition has been already fitted
out upon that coast, and they are now making; a
survey. The matter was referred to in the report
of the Secretary of the Navy; and not only this,
but both those who are going out of power and
those who are coming into power, and who are
entitled to the confidence of my friend from Mis-
souri, are in favor of this noble enteipnae.
A Member. That is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Specific appropriations
are made for specific purposes, and a specific ap-
