1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sm
rropriation may have been made for this purpose;
but the Chair is of the opinion that there is no law
existing authorizing further appropriations to be
made in this direction, and therefore decides the
amendment to be out of order.
The following clause of the bill being under
consideration—
For ordnance and ordnance stores and small arms, in-
cluding incidental expenses, two hundred thousand dol-
lars"—
Mr. FLORENCE moved to insert after the
■word " hundred" the words " and one," so as to
make the amount §201,000, and to add at the end
of the paragraph the following:
After line twenty-five, insert:
Provided, That "the sum of ,$1,000 be, and is hereby,
appropriated from the appropriation of ordnance and ord-
nance stores, for the purpose of testing the invention of
Mr. John Prentis giving the rotary or rifle-motion to elon-
gated shot and shells from smooth-bored cannon of small or
large caliber.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask if that amend-
ment is asked for by Oie Committee on Naval
val Affairs?
Mr. FLORENCE. It is not.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I shall vote against it.
Mr. FLORENCE. This amendment is to
make an appropriation of $1,000 for the purpose
of testing the invention there alluded to. I will
merely state, that by a rule which has been estab-
lished, it requires an appropriation upon the part
of Congress before the Navy Department will be
authorized to make the experiment. Tt is a mat-
ter of great national importance if it turns out to
be what the inventor claims for it. There is a
great deal of interest felt in relation to the matter
among the officers of the Navy, and I have felt it
my duty to present the amendment for the consid-
eration of the committee. I present the following
memoranda, of the inventor, which I send to the
Clerk's desk, and ask to have read in the five min-
utes to which I am allowed.
The memoranda was read, as follows:
Memoranda concerning Mr. Prentis's Invention.
1st. What the invention is.
It is a secret method for giving the rotary or rifle-motion
ia elongated shot and shells from smooth-bored cannon—
am invention of great national importance, and one vainly
sought for by the Government for many years.
3d. Prentis'1 s vropotition to the Government.
This was made by his letter of April 27, 1849, to the
President of the United States, and to the Secretaries of
War and Navy, and renewed by letter of the 16th of May
following. He makes known the fact of his discovery,
proposes to disclose ft to any officers to be appointed by the
Government, and to demonstrate in their presence, by ex-
periment, that he has discovered a method for giving the
rotaryi rifle-motion, lee. &c. Said officer* to make report
«f the facts.
If such shot and shells have the motion as rifle halls
have, and win preserve their front ends forward to the ex-
tent of the explosive power applied, then for his dis-
closure ha elaiias at least $150,000, and will convey to the
Covenuaant of the United States Ouisete use Mid coauet
of the invention. If the proposition be rejected, tbfB he
asks a certificate of Iris having made the same, that fie
might offer it to any foreign Government without being Sub-
ject to the charge of violating his duty to his own.
. l>et it be observed, that Mr. Prentis asked no compensa-
tion, nor does he now, without a full demonstration of the
m£cess of his claimed invention.
3d. Prentis** proposition accepted.
The Secretary of the Navy, by letter of fee 17th of May,
1849, says: "If you will present yourself and your inven-
tion, on the terms indicated in yourletterofthe 16th instant,
at the navy-yard in Washington, an officer will be detailed
Is superintend the experiments and report results."
The Secretary of War joined in the acceptance, and re-
quested that an officer of the Army shquld also witness the
experiments; and by fetter of Julie 23,1849, wrote to the
Secretary of the Navy, that he should " write immediately
to Mr. Prentis and aceept bis propositions."
4th. Experiments and report thereon.
Experiments were made at the United States Arsenal at
West Troy, New Yortf, on the I0th and 12th days of Aug-
Ost, 1850, with a small guta of iftrmt one and a1 half inch
estiher—the size jBoposedby Mr. Prentis, and agreed to.
. Colonel Baker, of the Army, Augqitt 33,1850, reported
the results to General Talcott. From this report it appears:
1st. That eleven rounds were fired.
2d. That five shots bit the target. (Prom those which
Missed it no opinion coald he drawn.)
3d. That in each of the shots that hu the target, the exper-
iment was successful, as the shell entered the target point
foremost; and therefore, fVom necessity, with the rotary,
(ifle-mnti<m.
4th. In the important language of Colonel Baker, " The
opinion I have formed Jrfter witnessing the experiments of
Mr. Prentis is, that there.was given to' the shot fired front
the gun the 1 rifle-motion,' and that the shot evidently re-
tains that motion- mitH'it hit* the target."
A supplemental report was afterward* made by Colonel
Baker, in the form of answers to certain interrogatories
presented to him by Mr. Prentis, through the War Depart-
ment. Prom Ibis it further appear.-:
1st. That the gun was a eoamtoft smooth-bore, and loaded
at the muzsle.
2d- That the projectiles fired were hollow.
3d. That they were "elongated, or conical, or pear-
shaped."
4th. To the question, "Did these projectiles, when dis-
charged from the gun, receive the rifle-motion ?" was given
Uie following answer:
" All the projectiles that fairly hit the target gave evi-
dence of having lmd the rifle-motion."
5th. To the following important question: "Was it not
a self evident fact, and plainly demonstrated to you, that
the principle of the improvement could be so graduated as
to compel projectiles discharged fro in the gun to rotate more
or less times in any given distance?" was given the follow-
ing answer:
" The principle is undoubtedly capable of graduating the
distance of the motion of rotation."
Thus it, appears the experiments were successful, and
Mr. Prentis did accomplish that which has been so much
sought for, but had hitherto baffled all the efforts of human
ingenuity. He performed what he undertook, which was
to give the rotary or riiie-motion to elongated shot or shells
from smooth-bore cannon. In doing which the Govern-
ment has come into possession of the Secrets of his inven-
tion through its officers.
6th. What is now wanted•
Colonel Baker, in his report, suggested a " doubt" as to
the applicability of the inveut.on to " heavy ordnance "—
merely a " doubt."
Such applicability is precisely what Mr. Prentis wants
now to show. He claims that his invention is just as ap-
plicable to heavy as to light artillery, as the principle is the
same whatever the size of the gun. No experiments have
ever been made with heavy guns. The experiments thus
far have been at Mr. Prentis's own expense.
But Mr. Prentis cannot well supply himself with a heavy
piece of ordn ance; and after the success of the experiments
thus far and to the extent claimed and proposed by him, the
Government cati well afford to give iiim the facilities for
experimenting with a heavy gun.
The object now sought is to provide for experimenting
with large shot and shells.
The expense of the experiments to the Government will be
trifling in amount, white to Mr. Prentis it would be great.
The alleged discovery is of immense importance; and Mr.
Prentis seeks from the Governmeat no personal gain—asks
none—expects none—unless his invention be what he
claims, and the Government wish control of it.
7th. After bringing it fairly to die attention of file Gov-
ernment, and after demonstrating as he has its power to
accomplish the end so long desired, he now asks that the
Government may experiment on a larger scale to remove
simply a " doubt" suggested not by himself, but by another.
He conceives that be has now done what his duty to his
country, as an American citizen, required.
If he finds himself at last repulsed with harassing delays
and inaction, whicli are sometimes (often) worse than rejec-
tion, then be will feel himself at liberty to make known his
invention, and offer the same to any foreign Government.
Mr. HOUSTON here obtained the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the gentlrman from
Alabama to yield me a moment of his time for an
explanation of this matter.
Mr. HOUSTON. I yield to the gentleman for a
moment.
Mr. FLORENCE. The gentleman from Ala-
bama asked whether this matter had received the
approval of the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
whether it has been offered by the direction of
that committee. Though it has not been offered
by the direction of the committee, I may state
that so far as I have conversed with the members
of the Committee on Naval Affairs—etna J have
conversed with & majority of them;—it has received
their approval, and F intended"to have presented it
to the committee, but not having had an oportunity
to do so, I submit it with the consent and appro-
bation, and by the advice of the members or the
Committee oh Naval Affairs.
Mr. HOUSTON. There has been a great deal
of difficulty growing out of the various inventions
I used in connection with the Navy, and as there
may be some contest as to who may be the true in-
ventor, I think it is as little as we can do to let the
matter alone, until we can be certain that we shall
1 do no individual harm.
I am given to understand by the gentleman
from New York on my right, [Mr. Haven,] that
I there is a petition before the House, in which this
! very invention is claimed by some other individ-
i ual. If there were no dispute about it, it does
' seem to me that the matter, bein  In the charge of
so efficient and distinguished a member of the
Naval Committee as the gentleman from Pennsyl-
' vania, and not having been by him presented to
that committee for investigation, it ought to be
I voted down.
I The question was then taken upon the amend-
I m«nr of Mr. Fioresce, and it was disagreed to.
| Mr. FLOYD. I offer the following amendment,
j to come in after the clause relating to the Naval
Academy at Annapolis, Maryland:
For providing surf-boats and boat-houses, one to be placed
on No-Mans-Land, two on the south side of Long Island,
between Montauk Point and Fire Island, and oneon Oyster
Pond Point, >$10,000, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask whether that amend-
ment is in order to this bill? It may be in order
as an amendment to the light-house bill, which
will be before the House directly, but certainly,
as it seems to me, it cannot be in order to the Navy
bill.
Mr. FLOYD. This matter has no connection
with light-houses or with the light-house system.
The phraseology of the amendment follows, word
for word, an appropriation made by this House,
, not to the light-house bill, but to the general ap-
: propriation bill of 1850.
TheCHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the sub-
ject is not connected with this bill, and cannot be
offered as an amendment to it.
Mr. GOODENO W. I offer the followingamend-
ment, to come in at this point:
For supplying the United States naval vessels with Phil-
lips's Are annihilator, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Navy, and at his direction, $6,000.
I have offered this, amendment in consequence
of a suggestion made by the Secretary of the
Navy to me. He informed me that he had ad-
dressed a note to the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, in which he called the attention
of that gentleman to this subject. I understand
from the chairman that he has not received that
note. I was informed by the Secretary of the
Navy 
Mr. SWEETSER, (interrupting.) I rise to a
question of order. I submit that this amendment
is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is made
rather late, but the Chair is of opinion, that, as
the amendment proposes a direct appropriation to
extend the supplies for the Navy, it is in order.
Mr. GOODENOW. I was about to say that
the Secretary of the Navy informed me that these
fire annihilators have been introduced with great
success in the British Navy, and that he deemed
it a matter of great consequence apd value to our
Navy armament that our vessels should be sup-
plied with these machines. As the appropriation
i is only 06,000, and it is to be expended under the
! direction and at the discretion of the Secretary of
I the Navy, 1 hope the committee will agree to it.
i The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Goodenow, and it was not
agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in at the same place:
For meteorological observations, lo be conducted under
the direction of the Secretary of the Navy. *$2,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The recommendation of this
i item of appropriation, which is the usual one,
was sent in after the bill was reported from the
committee.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Gom-
mittee en Ways and Means to offer an amend-
ment, to come hi at the' end of die appropriation
for the navy-yard at Boston.
The amendment was as follows:
For building engine-house, $30,000.
Mir. HOUSTON. This appropriation is for
•wqrk which has already been performed.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was adopted.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, offered the fol-
lowing amendment to the clause making appro-
priations for the navy-yard at Brooklyn:
And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby empowered
and directed to sell and convey to any purchaser, that por-
tion nf the Government property in Brooklyn which lies
between the western side of Vanderbilt avenue and the
hospital grounds: Provided, The same shall not be sold for
less than $80,000, being the cost thereof; and the sum for
which said property fhall be sold, is hereby appropriated
for the improvement of the navy-yard, according to the
estimates of the Department.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to the amendment,
as it is out of order.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to make a single
statement.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that, as the amendment refers to a work which is
itself in the bill, it is in order.
Mr. STANTON. The property referred to in
the amendment is situated in front ®f the city of
Brooklyn. The city has run two avenues through
that land, and there is a difficulty between the city
of Brooklyn and the Government of the United
States as to some taxes and other charges upon
the property. The State of New York refuses to
t
