888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 26,
take them rouinl tliere and bring them home again
before they are discharged. You cannot enlist
seamen there. If you are going to build a navy-
yard on the western coast, it ought not to be at
Sail Francisco, but in Oregon, at the mouth of the
Columbia river, for that is an agricultural country
where you can get timber. But there is no ne-
cessity for a navy-yard anywhere on the coast.
The inconsiderable repairs required by a vessel
on a thiee years' cruise can be done anywhere
along the snore without any such establishment.
I look upon this as a mere scheme to spend the
public money at the most expensive point on the
continent.
Mr. GOODENOW. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
to the amendment already pending.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask for a division of the
question on the motion of the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston.]
The CHAIRMAN. A motion to strike out
and insert is not divisible.
Mr. HOUSTON. As I do not desire to inter-
fere with the disposition of the committee, I will
withdraw my amendment for the present, until the
question has been taken on the motion to strike
out the entire clause.
Mr. GOODENOW. This Government has
had some experience of the expense of making
erections at San Francisco.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order
unless the gentleman proposes an amendment.
Mr. GOODENOW. Well, sir, I move, pro
forma, to strike out $74,000. I say that this Gov-
ernment have had some experience as to the ex-
pense of making erections at San Francisco. A
few years since, a steam saw-mill, costing here
some $6,000, was ordered by the Secretary of the
Navy, at the request of the commanding officer
of the United States squadron at San Francisco.
An engineer was appointed to go out there and |
superintend its erection. A carpenter was also |
appointed to assist. Well, sir, the saw-mill was I
taken out there, and it was found that the expense [
of erecting it was so enormous that the only al- !
ternative the commanding officer had, was to place
it in the hands of an individual, under a contract
that he should erect it and put it in operation upon
certain terms specified in that contract. Subse-
quently a difficulty arose between the contracting
party and the Government—the Government not
recognizing that contract. The party who had
received the contract now claims a large amount
of damages. The erection of that steam saw-
mill, which originally cost the Government $6,000,
cost $47,000; the whole amount received from it
while it was in operation was $20,000; and the
contractor now claims $25,000 damages. This is
the way in which money has been expended at
San Francisco by the Government undertaking to
send out materials and put machinery m operation
for the purpose of repairing the Navy. The con-
viction of my own mind is, that we ought to make
no appropriations for erections there that are not
absolutely and indispensably necessary. I hope,
therefore, the whole section will be stricken out.
Mr. DUNHAM. Mr. Chairman, if I under-
stand the amendment, the object of itis to strike out
entirely the appropriation for continuing the navy-
yard at San Francisco. There has been some ap-
propriation made heretofore for a navy-yard upon
the Pacific coast, and it does seem to me that there
can be no doubt in the world as to the necessity
of erecting such an establishment there. Every
man who has paid any attention whatever to the
direction which the commerce of this country is
taking, must be satisfied that the commerce of
the Atlantic, to a very great extent, is to betrans-
feried to the Pacific, and we have to meet the !
emergency which that state of things must neces- 1
sarily produce. The commerce of the country is
tending from the western coast of the United
States to Asia, and as that commerce goes on
continually increasing, we must have a Navy on
the Pacific coast to protect it. The time must
come when we shall have not only to build our
ships there, but when we must repair them there
and man them there.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Do I under-
stand the gentleman to say that the commerce of
the Atlantic is some day to be transferred to the
Pacific t
Mr. DUNHAM. Some portion of the com-
merce which now crosses the Atlantic to Asia, or
rather which goes round this continent, must be
transferred to the western coast of America.
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not think that com-
! merce is more than four millions.
Mr. DUNHAM. That may be very true, but
certainly a gentleman of my friend's intelligence
must see that as population increases upon the
Pacific^ea-board, that commercemust necessarily
increase.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman spoke of
the commerce upon the Atlantic. The increase
of population upon the western coast cannot af-
fect the commerce upon the Atlantic.
Mr. DUNHAM. It is the commerce of the
; Atlantic for the time being, because it comes to
j our country upon the bosom of the Atlantic. It
j is not the commerce of the Atlantic truly,but it is
j Pacific commerce which now comes to us upon
! the Atlantic sea-board.
We may not need a navy-yard on the Pacific at
this identical time, but certainly every gentleman
1 must admit the necessity of such an establishment
at no very distant day. San Francisco may not,
perhaps, be precisely the proper point. Of that I
am not prepared to judge. But we have com-
menced there, and as we must go on somewhere,
the question is, where are we to go if we abandon
San Francisco?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Goode-
now's amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move now to strike out
the whole clause.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not certain
what the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stanton] was.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I moved to strike
out the entire clause.
| Mr. GORMAN. Before the question is put on
that motion, it is in order, I presume, to perfect
the clause.
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. GORMAN. Then I move to strike out
the words "San Francisco, California," and to
j insert in lieu thereof, " Puget's Sound, Oregon." ;
| Mr. Chairman, I hope we shall have a vote upon I
1 this amendment, and test the questions, first,
whether we will establish a navy-yard, or an es-
tablishment for repairing our national vessels, on
the Pacific coast; and second, where we will es-
| tablish it. It is very clear to my mind 
Mr. MARSHALL. I believe that in accord-
1 ancewith the ruling frequently made by the chair-
man of this committee, the amendment proposed
by the gentleman is out of order. I think that if
any principle has been settled by the decisions of
the Chair, it is that no such amendment as that is
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is in
order to move to change the place.
Mr. BOCOCK. Anything for the benefit of the
Navy is not in order in this House.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. There is a :
law authorizing the commencement of naval works
at San Francisco, but there is no such law in re-
lation to Puget's Sound, in Oregon. I think the
amendment is cleprly out of order, according to
the position assumed by the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the amendment is in order notwithstand-
ing- I
Mr. FLORENCE. I must respectfully appeal
from the decision of the Chair. I think the amend- !
ment is clearly out of order.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committeewas
then taken, and the decision of the Chair was sus-
tained.
Mr. GORMAN. 1 make that proposition be-
cause I think it will obviate some of the objections
which have been raised against the amendment as
applied to San Francisco. If gentlemen will look
at the map and at the published history of Oregon,
they will discover that at Puget's Sound there is a 1
great abundance of timber; and they will also
discover that the very best materials that can be
found any wherein the United States for building,
are at that point; and they will find further, that
not more than one half of the price is paid for
labor there which is paid in San Francisco. ;
In addition to that, gentlemen will bear in mind
that your steamers eould run from Puget's Sound to :
San Francisco in three days, and that your sail- '
ing vessels could, with a fair wind, make the pas-
sage in six or eight days, and when the winds are
adverse, a littlelonger. Ifthere is to bean establish-
ment of this sort anywhere upon the coast of the
Pacific, it should be at Puget's Sound, where tim-
1 ber is plenty, and where it is all of good quality
and of precisely that character which is required
: for this kind of service. I say that if we are to
i have a navy-yard established at any point upon
our Pacific border, it should be at a point where
timber is to be procured, and not where, on ac-
I count of the want of timber, the cost of the con-
struction of vessels will be ten times what is ne-
cessary.
! [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CARTTER. Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to making an appropriation for a navy-yard
anywhere upon the Pacific coast except at San
Francisco, or somewhere on the bay near that
place. I have no doubt that a navy-yard may
be constructed at the mouth of the Columbia river,
in Oregon, very conveniently; but the expense
,, attending its construction, and attending the con-
struction of vessels there, must be under the sym-
pathies of the price of labor at San Francisco.
They are so connected with each other that there
can be no very great distinguishment in the price
of land, or the cost of construction in any way.
San Francisco is in a qentral position, so far as
j our ports upon the Pacific, are concerned; and
! whether it is or not, circumstances over which this
House can have no control have made that a point
to which the amount of transportation upon the
Pacific ocean is now directed, and will be for at
least the next twenty-five years.
] Now, a word in relation to the amount of
money which is to be expended in the construc-
tion of that navy-yard. I expect to see very
great extravagance in whatever expenditure of
the public money is authorized upon the part of
this Government. But it is not to be disguised
that the representatives of this Republic are un-
faithful to the military defenses and the commer-
cial interests of the country, in turning their back9
upon the commercial necessities exhibited upon
that coast. It has truly been said by the honor-
able gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham,] that
we are, in regard to the opening of a commerce
there, in a state of infancy, yet the development
is so rapid that it will soon rival that upon the At-
lantic side of the continent; and I assume to say,
in reply to a remark made by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] that whether it is cheaper
or not to bring your vessels round by the Cape to
the ports upon the Atlantic for repairs, it cannot
be done. Your vessels are crippled upon the Pa-
cific coast; they are crippled in the harbor of San
Francisco, if you please; and when you are to
bring them round the Cape for repairs it is too
i late. . The emergency is such that if the economy
! of the thing were ever so great in bringing them
to your Atlantic coast, it could not be done.
Now, what are we to do ? When we have an ap-
propriation in view, looking to the necessities and
development of a commerce which is ultimately to
span the continent, in connection with our posses-
sions upon this side of the Rocky Mountains, shall
we say that it shall not be made ? Refuse this and
San Francisco will no longer be considered the
home for whalers. It must be done or we must
discard what is absolutely and unavoidably vital
to our interests upon the Pacific. While I would
not vote for an extreme appropriation of this kind,
I regard it as a duty to provide for a place of re-
pair and refitment at some point upon the Pacific.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Gor-
man's amendment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. STANLY. 1 wish to offer an amendment
which will obviate the difficulty suggested by the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] a few
minutes ago. I move the following, viz:
Provirted, That before this sum shall be expended the
Attorney General of the United States shall decide that
the United States have a good title to the lands upon which
the buildings are to be erected.
I presume there will be no objection to this. It
is to obviate the difficulty raised by the gentleman
from Georgia a few moments ago, and to prevent
the possibility of having valuable buildings erected
upon grounds to which there may be a disputed
title. 1
Mr. FLORENCE. I would suggest to the
committee that, by the adoption of an amendment
