1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
to the amendment, and I do not concur entirely
with the views expressed by the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Orr] as to the best way of
acting on the part of the opponents of the meas-
ure. He intimated that those who were opposed
to the $900,000 appropriation should vote for this
<100,000 appropriation, and carry it into the
House. Otherwise, if the whole section be stricken
out in committee, the question in the House then
will be between the whole $900,000 appropriation
or none at all. Now, I think that those who are
opposed to commencing these public works at all,
should vote to strike out the whole of the appro-
priation when we get into the House; and when
the direct vote is taken upon agreeing to the action
of this committee, let the House then meet the di-
rect question and decide it. I am myself prepared
to vote against every dollar of this appropriation.
I do not want to vote for $100,000 or $50,000; for
if we once begin with an amount ever so small, it
will be the entering wedge—it will be followed by
other and larger appropriations. I desire, then,
that all of us who are opposed to beginning this
work at this time, to stand together and vote to
strike out the entire section in the committe and
also in the House. I have not heard a word of
argument that has influenced my mind, or led me
to the belief that it is proper at this time to estab-
lish this nav.y-yard at San Francisco. The docu-
ment is not at hand from which I could show you
that the whole cost of these buildings, if they were
put up in Washington, would be only a little over
$400,000. The difference in the cost, from loca-
tion, is put down at more than $500,000—more
than half a million of dollars. These same diffi-
culties will arise in the work necessary to com-
plete these buildings, and this but the beginning.
Suppose you begin with an appropriation of
$100,000. In a few years you will have to ex-
pend $3,000,000 before you are done. I trust that
we will have a direct vote upon this matter, and
without further debate.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to indicate that I will
leave in the printed bill, blacksmith-shop, carpen-
ter-shop, store-house, and wharf, and strike out
the balance.
Mr. EW1NG. I move to strike out "engine-
house." I regret very much to see the course of
the debate upon the part of objectors to this appro-
priation, ana I think they have taken very narrow
views of the matter. We have seen gentlemen
getting uphere from certain States, and com plaining
that millions have been poured into the lap of Cal-
ifornia, and that the States which they represent
have received nothing. No one upon this floor
might make, with more justice, such a complaint,
than a representative of Kentucky. We had no
mounted riflemen to protect Daniel Boone, and his
hardy comrades in that State, against the Indians.
We have had no Atlantic or Pacific harbors—-no
immense custom-houses, with their long list of pat-
ronage; but we have never, in that State, been
guided by a sectional, but always by a national
policy. Let them who wish to institute a compar-
ison between one portion of the Confederacy and
the other, compare the Pacific trade in the future,
as well as in the present, with the Atlantic trade,
and the appropriations which have been made to
line the whole Atlantic coast with harbors, light-
houses, and beacons, to protect the Atlantic com-
merce, with the six or seven millions a year for a
navy, to dry-nurse little fishing-smacks, which are
everlastingly getting the national flag -insulted,
and want twenty-five millions of people to go to
war to vindicate their honor.
That is the comparison to be instituted. It re-
quires no great stretch of foresight to look into the
future and form at least some conception of what
is to be the value of the Pacific trade. A few
years ago we used to look to China as the far
East, and Kentucky was to you in those times
the far West. We look for China now in the
opposite direction—it is the far West—and Ken-
tucky, we are beginning to boast, is a civilized
country, not far from the East. These are the
revolutions of the day, and we are about to enjoy
the advantage of that commerce which has en-
riched every nation, which has enjoyed its har-
vest, upon the face of the earth, from the begin-
ning of the history of man down to the present
time. Yet gentlemen begin to cipher, and talk
about $500,000 as being too much for that sea-
coast. I would not vote a dollar to San Francisco
as a city, or California as a State; but in a great
national point of view, you cannot ask too much
for the protection of the Pacific commerce. He
who lives in the Mississippi valley will yet live
to see the day when the great trade with Asia will
cross its bosom.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POLK. I am at liberty to oppose the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Ewino.1 I do it pro forma. An extraordi-
nary state of things, Mr. Chairman, has been
presented here to-day; one that I thought could
not have been created by any military or naval
man, or any other man having a proper regard
for himself, or a proper appreciation of the posi-
tion he occupies as an officer or a citizen, prowl-
ing about this House during our debates, and
making side-bar remarks calculated to control or
influence our legislation. It is never my purpose
to drag any man before this House and the coun-
try; yet when I see a captain of the Navy come
here and intermeddle with matters with which he
has no concern, attempt to defeat a proposition
intended for the protection of our whole Pacific
coast, I surely have the right, and I will exercise
it, to examine the power and force a suggestion
coming from him should have. This is not the
first time such influences have hovered about these
Halls. Touch an old abuse at the Navy Depart-
ment, and uniformed antiquity awakes to its de-
fense. Attempt to reorganize its bureaus by vin-
dicating the law of 1842, which has up to this
very day been a dead letter upon our statute-
books, and we hear immediately the hum and buzz
of those interested in continuing to violate that
law.
Now, Commodore Sloat says that $100,000 are
only necessary for this work at present. One hun-
dred thousand dollars sufficient for all naval pur-
poses for the harbor of San Francisco ! Let me ask
some questions of this naval gentleman; "Com-
modore, whendidyou enter the service?" "Sir,"
he would say, "lam of youthful appearance; I
am no Fogy, [laughter;] young blood is coursing
through my veins." " Commodore, how much
sea service have you seen these fifty-two years
past ?" Let me reply through the Navy Register:
"I have seen seventeen years and five months,
and for more than thirty-five years I have been
either on shore duty, or enjoying the ease and
quiet of domestic felicity." "When were you
made a captain ?" " Why in 1837, full sixteen
years ago; since which period, either from the
effects of age, the mercy of Government, or the
generosity of the head of the Department, I have
performed but three years and eight months' sea
service." [Laughter.] I state from the official
record,'and if I am in error, the fault lies in the
Blue Book. Now, this gentleman—this naval an-
tique, who mayhap has forgotten the sensation
of the plunging ship, and might require life-lines
to Steady him on deck, comes here to volunteer
information to this House as to its duties, and give
us his sage advice on the progress and requirements
of this age? And will this House tolerate this out-
side military influence? Will you yield to this
dictation? Where is Commodore Sloat now?
The Register says on " special duty;" a kind of
service no doubt created for post captains, who
do no duty and get full pay. A friend suggests
that he is looking at the completion of Stevens's
war-ship, at the rate of $3,500 a year, while the
men who are building her are getting their two
dollars per day. A part of this " special duty"
is, I suppose, to leave his post and come here to
interfere with the business of this Congress.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. EWING. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BOWNE. I move to amend the clause by
striking out the words " engine-houses."
Mr. Chairman, I am sorry that the discussion
has taken this turn, especially as it was entirely
unnecessary. I am not aware that Commodore -
Sloat has committed any fault. A few days ago
we heard charges here against the officers of the
Navy for being extravagant, and wanting to build
palaces and spend money.
Mr. CARTTER. I call the gentleman to order.
What is the question before the committee?
[Loud and general cries of " Let him go on! "1
Mr. BOWNE. And now, because an officer
of the Navy happens in a casual conversation to
mention to a Representative upon this floor a fact
which was'calculated to save and has already
saved to the Government $800,000 at least, so far
as this committee is concerned, I want to know if
he is to be arraigned here? Sir, if blame attaches
to any one, I take it all. Commodore Sloat was
not interfering with the business of this House;
and I mentioned his name at the call of many
members for the reason that 1 knew him to be
innocent of any attempt at such interference, and
felt that to present the name of my informant was
to give the best guarantee of this. Commodore
Sloat is not the man to shrink from responsibility,
! and I am not afraid to repeat anything he says.
He is a constituent of mine. I know him well,
and he is competent to Bustain himself here or else-
where. I know that to-day, by a little suggestion,
he has saved the Government $800,000. 1 know,
too, that he did right and that I did right, and I
am not afraid to face the whole country upon it.
Mr, CARTTER. 1 call the gentleman to order.
Mr. BOWNE. With this explanation, exon-
erating Commodore Sloat from any attempt to
interfere in the business of the House, and taking
atl the odium, such as it is, that it is attempted to
heap upon him, on myself, I have done.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state, be-
fore putting the question, that it has been cus-
tomary, in the discussions here, to depart from
the amendments pending. He will feel authorized
hereafter, without reference to the past, to require
gentlemen proposing amendments to confine their
remarks to the discussion of those amendments,
under the rule.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no objection to the en-
forcement of the rule, but it is very important,
when a gentleman has been attacked" for the best
service he ever rendered his country, that he
, should be defended.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bowni'i
amendment, and it was rejected.
Thequestion recurringon Mr. Phelps'  amend-
ment, it was put, and on a division there were—
ayes 68, noes 53.
So the amendment was adopted.
The question then recurred on the motion to
strike out the whole clause, on which tellers had
been ordered.
Thequestion was taken; and the tellers (Messrs.
Harris of Alabama, and Fuller of Pennsyl-
: vania,) reported only 47 in the affirmative.
! A further count not being insisted on, the mo-
tion was disagreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I offer the
| following amendment:
Towards the continuance, protection, and preservation
of the dry dock at the navy-yard in California, and a
basin and railway connected therewith for that purpose, the
sum of two hundred and fifty thousand dollars, ($-250,000.)
And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized and
directed to enter into a contract with the patentee for the
construction of the basin and railways, as built by them at
the Philadelphia, Kittery. and Pensacola navy-yards, to
complete and protect from damage the floating dock at the
navy yard in California: PrvMei, Ft can be done at eoch
price, that the cost of the basin and railway shall notexceed
the estimates to be made by the Navy Department of the
probable cost thereof if built by th^ Government; and the
said*basin and railways to be constructed according to ihe
plans and specifications approved of by the Department:
Jind provided further, That the remuneration to the said
contractors for the use of their patent, their superintendence,
and responsibility, shall notexceed fifteen per cent. (15
percent.) upon said estimates of the Department for the
construction of the basin and railways.
Mr. TOOMBS. I rise to a question of order.
A clause in Ihe appropriation bill of last Congress,
provided that there should not be a basin and
railway. Congress three sessions ago authorized
the construction of a dock, basin, and railway,
but. at the next session, Congress struck out the
basin and railway. So that there is not only no
law authorizing this amendment, but it is exactly
contrary to law.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The Secretary
of the Navy, in his report, says that the dock can-
not be safely or usefully employed without this
basin.
The CHAIRMAN. If this expenditure is not
authorized by existing law, the Chair must rule
the amendment out of order.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is against law.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. It is an appro-
priation to continue a work which has already
been commenced, and is therefore in order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is then a question of fact.
Mr. TOOMBS. Here is the provision in the act
of 1851:
" For the floating dry-dock in California $150,000; and
