1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
893
about a hnndred times—in the bill. Forinstance,
the clause providing for Philadelphia, reads: |
" For ertandin{ wharf No. 4, and dredging, completing,
parm;, He."
Mr. HOUSTON. It is not in orderto go back
to a portion of the bill which we have passed.
Mr. EVANS. There is no going oack about
it. There is but one section to th? bill, and we
are considering that.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is disposed to
rule the amendment in order.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. HALL. I have an amendment, which 1
tissue to offer to the first section of the bill, and if
the committee will allow me for a moment, I can
•how that it is in order. I move the following:
Fat the balance of the prize-money appropriated wider
lb* act of tfce 37th day of April, 1816, to the raptor* of the
Alf- nne vessels taken by the American suuadrou uuder th«
eo-nmand ' Vmm'ifinfr Decatnr, and afWrwarda restored
to the IV* of Algiers, j}1-J3 73, to be paid to Sarah Morris,
oalr brir of Robert Morris, late a midshipman oa board
the Cnited States ship Guerriere.
I now desire to have the papers read which I
•end to the Clerk's desk. They will explain the
am ei id ment, and I am sure no one will object to it.
Mr. ORR. I submit that that is a private claim,
and therefore not in order as an amendment to an
appropriation bill.
Mr. PRICE. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The question waj put, and the motion was not
agreed to.
Mr. HAf.T., I bow hope the committee will
hear read the papers I have sent to the Clerk's
desk.
The CHAIRMAN. The papers will be read,
unless objected to.
Mr. CARTTER. I object; and I move that
the committee do now rise.
Mr. HALL. I am upon the floor, and do not
yield it for any such purpose. I hope the com-
mittee will hear me state the merits of this case.
[Cries of " Question !" " Question!"]
The question was then put upon the adoption
of the amendment, and the Chair decided it in the
negative.
Mr. HALL. I call for tellers.
Mr. DEAN. I submit that it is too late to call
for tellers.
Mr. HALL. It certainly is not too late.
Mr. SKELTON. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the amendment is not in order, upon
the pound that it is a private claim.
Mr. HALL. 1 have asked half a dozen times
to have the papers accompanying the case read.
They will show that it is not a private claim.
The CHAIRMAN. Upon examining the
amendment, the Chair ia inclined to sustain the <
point raised by the gentleman from New Jersey, i
Mr. HALL. The amendment has been re-
ceived, and it is now to late to raise a question of .
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. LANE. I now offer the following as an
additional section to the bill:
Be a further enacted, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ke authorized and directed to IHjtwt and settle the
claims of Acting Master Pierce Crosby and Passed Midship-
man W. P. Backner, for a share of the proceed* of the
wtvtoner Oregon and cargo, seized and confiscated in the
month of April, 1848, under the President's regulations of ;
the 1m of March, 1847, at the pert of Tampico, during the
war with Mexico, and to pay the amount of their claim*
out of any moneys in the Treasury arising from military
contributions i-ollected in Mexico, in pursuance of the reg-
ulations of the President before referred to, and upon the
principles settled m the rase of Lieutenant Bobert Brown-
ing : Provided, That before any money is paid in this case,
any claim .ubmitted by the owners of the vessel betbre
mentioned for remission of the penalty and payment of the
proceeds under the conflsestton, or any other person, shall
first he duly examined and decided by the Secretary of the
Treasury, under the direction of the President of the United
States.
The question was taken, and the amendment'
was not agreed to.
Mr. BENNETT. I now offer the following ;
amendment: j
8et. —. Beit further enacted, That for the purpose of j
•atabhshin* a tin? of mail steam or caloric-ships, either
tide-wheel or screw-propeller*, a* the Secretary of the
Ifavy may determine, between Ban Francisco and China,
touching in going or returning at the Sandwich Inlands, it
•hall be the duty of the Secretary of the Navy to contract
with Ambrose W. Thompson, immediately after the pos-
tage of tt>i* act, for th* «#tokliihaKDt of the said line of
ships; which said line shall consist of six ships of not less
than thrre thousand tons register each. Each of said strips
sliaU to constructed as if tor was purposes, and proper) v
pierced for the mounting of a heavy battery—and the said
ships shall, if required by the Secretary of the Nary, carrv i
tour henvv gun* each, daring their voyages, which guns
shall be officered and maimed and provided by the Deport-
ment. The ships shall be built under the supervision of
such naval constructor or officer a* the Secretary of the
Navy may appoint. They shall carry the United States ;
mail, and perform die naval rvice of the Government, as
it may be aMotied by the Secretary of the Navy, in the :
courses of their voyages, anil upon the coast of China and
Japan. For the said services, the said Thompson shall re- I
ceive fW>m the Post Office Department a sum equal to the |
mount of postages whieh may be received upon mailable
umllere transmitted mi said ships; which sum shall be paid
monthly, provided the rates of said postage shall conform
to such regulations as may be established by the Postmaster |
General according to law. j
It sfeall he the duty eftfceSecretary oftheTreasury to issue
to said Thompson United States six per cent, coupon bonds*
payable at the expiration of the term of ten years, to an
amount equal to one half the amount of postage which the
Postmaster General may estimate will arise rrem the ser-
vice of said line for said tea years: Provided, That the
Postmaster General shall be, and he hereby is, directed to
estimate the service for purpose of said issue at the same
rate as is paid by England for tile East India and Chinese
mails: «And provided further, That no money in hereby ap-
propriated for this purpose, or for any purpose connected
therewith.
See- —. Bt if fmikir tnaeted, That the amount of said
bonds, as they are issued from time to time, shall be charged
by the Postmaster General to the postal service of said ship,
and flfc&M not exceed one brff the amoant of postage as above
provided for, unless said advance is paid off by said con-
tractor, or by the mail service of his shipe. The said bonds
shall be issued, from time to time, by the Secretary of the
Treasury, upon the requisition of the Postmaster General,
in such amounts as may be required by the said Thompson,
during the progress of building said ship*; and the amount ;
of said bonds shall be secured to the United States by a lien
upon tiie strips, fa such form as the Secretary ofthe Navy I
may require; and the said Thompson shall give to the Sec-
retary of the Navy satisfactory security that the amoant of j
the bonds «o issued shall he faithfully and economically
applied towards the construction and equipment of raid
shipe.
Sac. —. Be tl further swac/erf, That the said contract
for mail and naval service shall be for the period of ten
years.
Mr. HIBBARD. I rise to a question of order. -
I submit that the amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is the opinion of the
Chair! upon the principles already decided, and
sustained by the committee, that the amend ment is
not in order.
Mr. McCORKLE. As no appropriation is
proposed in the amendment, I appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment has been
offered, and the Chair decides, upon principles al-
ready stated, that it is not in order; from that de-
cision the gentleman from California appeals.
The question is, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?"
The question was put, and it was decided in the
affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained. j
Mr. CABLE', of Ohio. I offer the following :
amendment. * j
Provided, That nothing in this act Shall he so construed
as tn authorize the purchase or the use of wine, brandy, or
any other intoxicating drinks for the use of the Navy or
those employed therein; but the use and purchase thereof
are hereby prohibited; and a violation of thin prohibition
shall be just cause of dismission from the Navy."
Several Members. " Not in order."
Mr. CA BLG. I offer it as a proviso to the last
clause of the bill.,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment is not in order, and so rules.
Mr. STUART. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. As long as amendments
are offered such a motion is not in order.
Mr. CABLE. I wish to inquire of the Chair
if my amendment cannot come in in order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
cannot as a proviso.
Mr. PA UL.KN ER. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section to the bill:
Be it further matted, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be authorized and directed to adjust and settle the claim of
Acting Master Pierce Crosby and Passed Midshipman W.
P. Htlckn'T, for a share of the proceeds of the sate of the
schooner Oregon and cargo, seized and confiscated in the
month of April, 1848. under the President's regulations of
the 1st of March, 1847, at the port of Tampico, during the
war with Mexico, and to pay the amount of said claim out
of any moneys in the Treasury arising from military con-
tributions collected in Mexico, in pursuance of the regula
tionsoftlie President before referred to, upon the principles
already fettled and adjudicated in the case of W. P. Buck-
ner's legal representative*: Provided, Before any money is
paid in this case, any claim submitted by the owners of the
vessel before meutlaned for remission of itia yanalty ami
payment of the proceeds under the eonflneaflon, or of any
other claimant nf said fund, shall first be duly examined
and decided by the Secretary of the Treasury, under the di-
I rection of tlic President of the United States.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I rise to a point
of order. 1 submit that as it is a private claim it
is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is
, not m order.
Mr. ORR. I offer the following amendment:
For the balance of tlie pr ize money appropriated under
the act of the 27th of April, 1816, to the captors of the Al-
gerine vessels taken by the American squadron under the
command of Commodore Deeatur, and afterwards restored
to the Dey of Algiers, one hundred a d twenty-three dollars
and seventy three cents, to be paid to Sarah Morris, only
> heir of Kobert Morns, late a midshipman on board the Uni-
. ted Stales ship Guerriere.
' It was, perhaps, a suggestion of mine that in-
i duced the question of order to be raised on this
amendment, when offered a few minutes since.
The one hundred and twenty-three dollars pro-
vided for in this amendment 1 understand was ap-
propriated some years ago, and not being claimed
| within two years, it went back into the Treasury,
according to law.
This amendment is simply a proposition to re-
appropriat^ it, now that the claimant has come
forward, or his heir, and desires the money.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a point of order. This
is the same amendment which was ruled out of
; #rder a short time ago.
Mr. BOCOCK. Let the gentleman state why
| it is out of order.
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that a reappropriation is the same as an original
appropriation, and rules the amendment out of
order.
Mr. POLK. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as th* judgment of
the committee?"
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the Chair
' will allow me to say a word, I wish to suggest to
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,]
that the proper place to reappropriate money which
has gone to the surplus fund, is in the deficiency
bill, which will come up in a day or two.
Mr. ORR. If this amendment is likely to cause
any embarrassment, I withdraw it for the present.
It is a just claim, and ought to pass.
Mr. CAMPBELL, oflllinois. I move that the
committee rise and report the bill.
Mr. BOCOCK. What becomes of the appeal
taken from the decision of the Chair ?
The CHAIRMAN. That is true; but the gen-
i tleman from South Carolina withdrew the amend-
! ment, and of course, the appeal falls with it.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I now offer the follow-
| ing amendment as an additional section:
I Be it further enacted. That nothing in this act shall be so
I construed as to authorize the purchase or the use of wine,
I brandy, pr any other intoxicating drinks for the use of the
i Navy, or those employed therein; but the use and pur-
i chase thereof are hereby prohibited ; and a violation of this
I prohibition shall be just cause of dismission from the
nlavy.
Mr. CAMPBELL, oflllinois. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I submit that the amendment is not
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion ofthe Chair
it is in order as an additional section, and it is
for the committee to pass upon it and determine
its propriety or not. The question, therefore, is
upon the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, oflllinois. I makethepoint
of order that it is not germane to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks, as it
relates to rations in the Navy, that it is in order.
Mr. DEAN. I hope the gentleman from Ohio
will accept of an amendment that this provision
shall only apply to the States of Maine, Massa-
chusetts, and Vermont.
A Member. Include Rhode Island.
Mr. DEAN. And Rhode Island.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I appeal from the decision
ofthe Chair that the amendment is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided that
the amendment is in order, and it is too late to
take an appeal. The question is upon the adop-
tion of the amendment.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Cable, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the com-
mittee rise and report the bill to the House.
