894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
While the Chair was putting; the question, Mr.
Evans rose and addressed the Chair, great confu-
sion prevailing at the tune in the Hall.
Thecommittee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er resumed the chair.
Mr. EVANS. 1 rise to a question of privilege.
Previous to the abandonment of the chair by the
chairman of the committee, and before the motion
to rise was put, I arose for the purpose of offering
an amendment to the bill then under consideration,
which amendment the chairman did not entertain.
On the contrary, the chairman left the chair.
A Member. He did not hear you.
Mr.EVANS. The Chair is bound to hear. I
do not accuse him of hearing, for I do not know
whether he heard or not.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut. I rise to a
question of order.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Mary-
land is upon the floor to a question of privilege.
Mr. SEYMOUR. My point of order relates to
the question of privilege. It is not in order to
hear the report of the committee except from the
chairman of the committee.
Mr. EVANS. I have no report to make, nor,
unless the chairman heard me, have I any com-
plaint to make against him. I never complain of
any one who occupies the chair. 1 know the dif-
ficulties of the position which you, Mr. Speaker^
occupy, and of the unjust and unreasonable com-
plaints which have been made against you, and I
know, too, the difficulties of a chairman; but ifthe
chairman heard me he was bound to wait, under
the rules of the House, before he put the motion,
for the purpose of enabling me to present my
proposition.
My question is, that if the chairman heard me,
the Speaker vacate that chair for the purpose of
putting my proposition; and if he did not hear,
the Speaker vacate the chair for the purpose of
allowing me to be heard.
The SPEAKER The Speaker will hear the
report of the chairman.
Mr. KING, (chairman of the committee.) The
chairman feels compelled to modify his report so
far from the usual course as to state, that when
the motion was mode that the committee rise and
report the bill to the House, there was consider-
able confusion in the Hull, and he states frankly
that he did not hear or know of any particular
person making a call. There was a call of" Mr.
Chairman," but he he.trd no such sound come
from any particular quarter, as he is aware of.
The chairman reports that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union have, accord-
ing to order, had the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House lull
No. 342, making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending the 30th of June, 1854,
have gone through with the same, and have di-
rected me to report the same to the House, with
sundry amendments thereto.
Mr. EVANS. In connection with the question
of privilege, though I had the njht to offer my
amendment, and the committee ought to have list-
ened to me, yet m order to avoid all further diffi-
culty, 1 withdraw the question of privilege.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. STANLY. Is it too late to raise the ques-
tion of privilege again ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is too
late.
Mr. STANLY. I think it a great outrage.
The chairman reported to the House that there
was no particular gentleman ttiat he could desig-
nate, but that there were several 
[Cries of " Order !" " Order !"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair must decide that
it is too late to raise the question.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. CAR1TER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Many Members. No! no!
Mr. PRICE. I renew the motion.
The question was then taken, and there were,
on a division—ayes 62, noes 67.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that all the
amendments of the Committee of the Whole, to
which there was no objections, be voted on en
masse.
There was no objection, and the motion was
agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to read the amendments.
Mr. McMULLlN. I move that the House do
adjourn.
A Member I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the House refuse^
to adjourn.
The amendments were then read through.
Mr. CLEVELAND. The House is now very
thin, and 1 think that we ought to have a full one
to vote on these amendments, and I therefore move
that we do now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
The question was then taken on all of the
amendments of the Committee of the Whole on
which separate votes were not demanded, and they
were agreed to.
The question then recurred on the following
amendment of the committee, on which Mr. Price
demanded a separate vote:
" For blacksmith shop, storehouse, and wharf, $100,000:
Proviiterf, That before this sum shall be expended, the At-
torney General ot the United States shall decide that the
United Slates have a good utle to the land on which the
buildings are to be erected."
Mr. WALSH. I move that the House do now
adjourn, and on that question I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was adopted.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read a third time, and passed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and that that
motion be laid on the table.
Mr. FAY. It will be recollected by all that I
have occupied but one or two minutes since I
took my seat on this floor. 1 now rise to ask the
unanimous consent of the House for leave to the
Committee on Commerce to report an act author-
izing a street to be constructed over some twenty
rods of the public land in Chelsea.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman whether that street would not divide
the public land there?
Mr. FAY. I will state in a few minutes the
reasons why this act ought to be passed. If then
the House vote against me, I shall cheerfully sub-
mit.
[Cries of " Hear him !"]
Mr. FAY. 1 have no capital to make here,
and shall confine my remarks to the facts of the
case. The hospital at Chelsea was erected on a
long, narrow strip of land of some ten acres, run-
ning between two estates. About twenty years
since, those estates were purchased and laid out.
There were then only thirty inhabitants there—
now there are about seven thousand; and in con-
sequence of this narrow strip of land, the business
people are daily obliged to pass around one hun-
dred or one hundred and fifty rods to get forty or
sixty rods. The land over which it is proposed
to run the street is not wanted for the hospital. It
is now used as a carriageway, but they get a crop
of grass oiF of it once a year. These are the facts
with regard to the convenience of having a street.
I will not say a word as to the justice of the mat-
ter. The United States own one eighth of the
whole territory of the town. The inhabitants of
Chelsea pay annnally |20,000 to answer the re-
quests of the law of the Commonwealth, and the
one eighth part pays nothing, nor do those who
reside upon it.
Mr. ORR. I wish to ask the gentleman a ques-
tion. Is there a provision in the bill giving the
President the discretion of opening the street or
not, as he may think the public interest may re-
quire?
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Commerce
have examined the bill thoroughly, and the provis-
ion to which the gentleman refers was inserted in
the bill on my suggestion. It leaves the discretion
with the Department.
There was no objection; and
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported the following bill:
H. R. No. —. An act authorizing the Selectmen
of the town of Chelsea, in the State of Massachu-
setts, to lay out and make a way on lands of the
United States in said town.
The bill was read through.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read a third time, and passed.
Mr. WALSH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions to report a bill granting a pension to an
old woman who is totally blind.
A Member. I object.
Mr. WALSH. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. STUART. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon the
House adjourned till Monday, at eleven o'clock
a. m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 28, 1853.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to brins; to the notice
of the Senate a matter which it is of some import-
ance should be acted upon now. I refer to the
letter which was addressed to the Presiding Officer
of this body by Mr. Kennedy, the Superintendent
of the Census. That letter was by mistake re-
ferred for investigation to the Select Committee on
Frauds. I made that motion because ? thought it
was Mr. Kennedy's request that it should be re-
ferred to that committee; but I find that it was not;
on the contrary he requests, in point of fact, that
the charges which have been made by some of
the members of the select committee may be in-
vestigated. I am therefore directed by the com-
mittee to report it back to the Senate and ask that
the committee be discharged from its consider-
ation. For one, I wish to say, that if the Senate
shall refer this letter to a committee, I will sub-
stantiate by sworn testimony and documents in
my possession all that has been charged by the
committee, and vastly more.
The motion was agreed to, and the committee
was discharged.
COMMITTEE ON CLAIMS.
Mr. BRODHEAD submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the clcrk to the Committee on Claims be
continued as heretofore, until otherwise ordered by the Sen-
ate,to be employed in completing and keepingup the index
and digest of the reports of the committee, authorized by
the resolution of March, 1851, and in such other duties aa
the committee may require.
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That there beallowed and paid, nnderthe direc-
tion of the Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate, to the officers, clerks, messengers,
pages, and laborers in the service of the Senate, the regular
police of the Capitol, the officers ot the Library, the laborer,
and the fireman m the center building, the sums respect-
ively, which were allowed Iheni at the la?t session.
REPORTS FROSf STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Comittee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion of Mr.
Bright to print two thousand additional copies of
the report of the Secretary of War, respecting a
canal around the Falls of the Ohio, reported in favor
of printing the same; which was concurred in.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the motion of Mr. Bright to print
two thousand additional copies of the report of the
Secretary of the Navy respecting the coal-fields
and coal-mines m the western States, reported in
favor of printing the same; which was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to postpone the
prior orders, for the purpose of resuming the con-
sideration of the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I must oppose that mo-
tion, and I will assign my reason for it. If the
members of the Senate intend to give the old
States any portion of the public lands for their
uses, and the new States any portion of the public
lands to build railroads, they must act upon the bill
