S96
TM1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28.
For pensions to widows and orphans, under an act enti-
tled " Ad (ci to coatinue half pay to certain widows and
orphans," approved February 3, 1853, $174,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance
have also instructed me to report the following
amendment:
Skc. — ■And he it further enacted, That when private
establishments shall be made to refine gold bullion, the
Secretary of the Treasury, if lie shall deem thein capableof
executing such work, is hereby authorized and required to
limit the amount thereof which shall be refined in the Mint
at Philadelphia, from quarter to quarter, and to reduce the
same progressively aa such establishments shall be extended,
so as eventually, and as soon as may be, to exclude refining
from the Mint, and to require that every deposit of gold bul-
lion m de therein for coinage, shall be adapted to said pur-
pose,without the act of refining: Provided, That no advan-
ces in coin shall be made upon bullion alter these regulations
shall be carried into effect, except upon bullion refined as
herein prescribed.
The design of this amendment is to do what
Alexander Hamilton said, in his first report on the
Mint, ought to be done as soon as the state of the
arts should justify it. It is to enable the Secretary
of the Treasury, whenever it can be done by pri-
vate enterprise, to leave the business of refining to
private enterprise, and get rid of that portion of the
manufacturing which has been done heretofore at
the Mint. It is a matter which is desired in the
Mint, and 1 believe it would relieve the Mint a
great deal, and enable it to operate more efficiently,
and save a great deal of expense to the holders of
gold.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I confess I do not very
well understand this, and I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Finance Committee, whether he
understands distinctly from the officers of the Mint
at Philadelphia that they desire such a thing as
this, or whether they have been consulted at all ?
Mr. HUNTER. I consulted Mr. Patterson,
who was here a short time ago—a gentleman
known to the Senator from Pennsylvania—and
he is very anxious for it. I received a letter from
him the other day urging it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance
has directed me to offer an amendment in relation
to custom-houses. I will state that this is an
amendment which was reserved until after the ac-
tion of the Senate on similar amendments which
were disposed of on Saturday. The Senate having
overruled the committee ana taken off the limita-
tion in regard to the custom-houses, the commit-
tee have now instructed me to report the follow-
ing:
For the erection of a custom-house, to include other pub-
lic offices, at Richmond, Virginia, $75,000: Provided, That
this sum, in addition to the .$150,000 heretofore prescribed
as the whole amount directed to be expended for this pur-
pose, shall constitute the entire cost of the purchase of the
site and the completion of the building.
For the construction of a custom-house at Norfolk, Vir-
ginia, $35,000; which, in addition to the snm heretofore
prescribed as the whole amount to be expended for that
purpose, shall constitute the entire cost of the purchase of
the site and completion of the building-
Mr. BRODHEAD. I cannot understand the
reason why we should adopt this amendment, ex-
cept it is that one wrong justifies another. I under-
stood the Senator from Virginia the other day to
say, that these limitations ought to stand, and that
the Senate heretofore did right in placing the limit-
ation. Now, sir, in such a case why should we
take off the limitation in regard to these two cus-
tom-houses? I understand the contractors under-
took to build them for a certain sum, but because
the sum has been enlarged in other plaoes you
must enlarge them in this. I say that does not
follow as a matter of course. I understood the
Senator from Virginia to say the other day, that
the limitation should not be taken off in regard to
the custom-houses in the West. The Senate, it
is true, decided otherwise; perhaps for very good
reasons—reasons that do not exist, probably, in
this case.
Mr. HUNTER. My opinion at that time was
that this was a much stronger case than any of
them which were presented in the West; but still,
as I was anxious that the principle of limitation
should be observed, I did not like the appearance
of departing from it in the case of my own State;
and it will be observed that I am not evfen for it
now, for I am for holdirtgthem to some limitation.
! will explain to the Senator from Pennsylvania
why this sum is proposed. It is in pursuance of
an estimate from the Treasury Department. Not
a dollar has been expended beyond the amount.
It was found, however, that the site cost so much
that enough has not been left for the buildings,
unless we put up brick buildings. There is in
the neighborhood of Richmond—very near it—
some of the finest granite in the world. It was
proposed to put up granite buildings there, as
they are doing in the cases of other custom-houses;
and there is some reason for it, because it is in
the neighborhood. We still preserve the limita-
tion—a limitation which is much more than in
some of the western custom-houses—for it will
reduce the whole cost to $225,000, and less than
that we ought not to reduce it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding:
To complete the foundation of the custom-house in Ban-
gor, and to connect the same with rile shore, $15,000.
I desire to say that I have here the estimate
and recommendation of the Department for that
appropriation, and it is within the limitation con-
tained in the original appropriation. That limited
the cost of the building to $50,000. They have
laid the foundation in the bed of the stream, and
they must connect it Vith the main shore. A con-
tract has been made to erect the building within
the original limitation.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move further to amend the
amendment, by adding the following:
To complete the custom-house at Bath, Maine, $13,000.
That is also made in pursuance pf an estimate
from the Treasury Department. The original ap-
propriation %r that place was $25,000, buton pur-
chasing the site, they were compelled to expend a
larger sum than was supposed at first to be neces-
sary, which limited the sum for the custom-house
and post office to $31,000. The Department has
recommended the additional sum of $12,000.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have another amendment to
the amendment:
For the purchase of a site, and the erection of a custom-
house at Belfast, Maine, $20,800: Provided, That the plan
of the building shall be such that the whole cost, both of
the building and site, shall in no event exceed the appro-
priation hereby made.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire now to offer an
amendment which hag been unanimously adopted
by the Committee on Finance, in regard to the
classification and organization of Qlerks. If the
Senate will allow me, it will pave time an<L some
trouble to explain it instead of reading the amend-
ment. I can explain it in a very few words. It
proposes to organize the clerks of the Depart-
ments of the Treasury, Interior, War, Navy, and
Post Office—leaving out the State Department, be-
cause at the time this scheme originated, Mr.
Webster requested me to leave it out—in four
classes; class one, to receive $900 per annum;
class two, $1,200; class three, $1,500, and class
four, $1,800. It allows, besides this, a chief clerk
in those bureaus where a chief clerk is now allowed,
at $2,000, and a chief clerk to each of the De-
partments proper, where they are now allowed,
$2,200. It also provides that there may be a
disbursing clerk, one for each Department of the
Navy, War, and Post Office, not more than three
for the Treasury, and not more than three for the
Department of the Interior, so as to get rid of
the numerous disbursing clerks which they now
have, and put them under the regulation of the
independent treasury act. In addition to this, it
is provided that no new clerk shall be appointed
until he shall have been examined and qualified
by a Board to consist of three persons, one of
them to be the head of the bureau into which he
is to be appointed, and the others to be appointed
by the head of the Department who appoints the
clerks.
These are the provisions of the section. It ar-
ranges the clerks amongst the heads of the bu-
reaus according to the reports which came in, in
answer to a resolution which I introduced not
more than a year ago. We have reports from the
head of each of the bureaus in regard to the ar-
rangement upon the classification which I then
proposed, and a report from the head of each De-
partment. We have arranged the clerks according
to these reports into four classes. We have pro-
vided, however, in order that it may work well,
and that there may be no inconvenience in case
we should have made some trifling omission, that
the head of the Department may distribute the
clerks amongst the different bureaus as he thinks
! best, thus leaving the whole control with him.
' The result of the scheme is, that we equalize the
salary in each class; we classify all the clerks in
each Department, so that we get rid of the eternal
applications to increase a clerk's salary in order
to bring it up to a sum equal to that of another.
We also get rid of the principle of extra allow-
ance and extra emoluments; and I believe we
shall thus lay the foundation of what is essential
to the safe administration of this Government—I
mean a civil'corps, who shall have the experience,
the efficiency, and the ability to enable the heads
of the Departments to administer their respective
Departments safely and efficiently, without which
I believe that no matter who is President, no mat-
ter who is the head of the department, we can-
' not expect that the affairs of the Government will
be administered safely and efficiently; because, af-
ter all, it depends upon the honesty, the skill, and
the efficiency of the men that do the work of the
Departments, to administer them properly.. I hope
the amendment will pass. I regard it as most im-
portant.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would ask the honorable
Senator from Virginia if the amendment attempts
to change the tenure of office ?
Mr. HUNTER. It does not touch that at all.
It does not meddle with the appointing power. It
leaves that as it is.
Mr. SHIELDS. The highest salary of an or-
dinary regular clerk is $1,800.
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHIELDS. I fully agree with the honor-
able Senator that this measure will be very bene-
ficial to the Departments.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to make one inquiry of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance. I de-
sire to know how the present incumbents are to
be classified under this arrangement—whether they
are all to go out of office on some particular day
when the classification is to be made, or whether
they are to be considered as in office and are to be
classified?
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment considers
them in office. It provides that the existing
clerks shall be classified and distributed. It legis-
lates no one out of office or into office. It leaves
that, as it is now.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall be under the neces-
sity of asking to have the amendment read. By
reading a part of it, I find that it not only divides
the clerks into four elasses and fixes the salaries
at $900, $1,200, $1,500, and $1,800 each, but it
then goes on and prescribes the number that there
shall be in each Department—the number in each •
bureau in every brahch of the Government. It
is necessary to inquire whether the existing num-
ber is increased or diminished, whether the effect
is to dismiss all the existing clerks from office and
have new appointments made, or whether it is to
take effect at a future time. I desire to have the
amendment read.
The Secretary proceeded with reading the
amendment, but was interrupted by—
Mr. DOUGLAS, who said: I will not insist
on the rending of the whole of the amendment. I
find it is so much a matter of detail that we shall
have to trust to the committee.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to make an inquiry of
the chairman of the Commitee on Finance. I see
that in one of the Auditor's offices there are
twenty-six clerks of class one, which have only
a salary of $900. I desire to inquire what is the
change which is made in this respect ? During
the last session we increased the salary of the
clerks, on the hypothesis that they could not live
on the salaries which they received. I am inclined
to think that this must increase the lower grade of
salaries to a greater extent.
Mr. HUNTER. This is in pursuance of an
estimate from the Auditor himself. He estimated
for this number at the lower grade of salary.
The original plan which I proposed was, salaries
at the rate of $800, $1,200, $1,600, and $2,000;
but in the committee we made it $900, $1,200,
$1,500, and $1,800. The idea of that classifica-
tion is this: In the lower classes you can em-
ploy young men; you might get many for $700.
It reduces the salaries, therefore, in the lower
