898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
Many of them are here by uncertain tenures, not
knowing whether they are to remain for two,
four, six, or eight years. The heads of the De-
partments, on the contrary, have a fixed period.
They can calculate the time when they come and
and when they go away. I cannot see,therefore,
why there should be this expenditure of money
for their accommodation when their salaries are
doable those of the members of Congress, and no
such provision is made for members of Congress.
1 think the better plan would be to increase the
salaries of these officers if they are not enough.
If it can be shown that they are not sufficient—
and I am not disposed to say they are now high
enough—I would prefer giving an increase of
compensation, leaving the officers to expend the
money as they may think proper. I view it as
on objection to this proposition in its present form
that you fix almost beyond his power of control
the mode and the style in which the head of a
department shall live. You build a palace for
him, and you necessarily require him to accom-
modate his style of living to the house you give
him. It seems to me that it is wrong. I do not
say that I should vote for building houses or in-
creasing expenses for the accommodation of mem-
bers of Congress in the way I have suggested;
but I think if one is to be adopted, the other ought
to be. I shall vote against them both.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Arkansas I believe admits that the present
salaries of the heads of Departments are too low.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not. I am not prepared
to say whether they are too high or too low. L
am not disposed to say that they are too high, be-
cause I do not know what expense those gentle-
men have to incur; but there is no evidence before
the Senate, that I am aware of, which shows that
they are too low.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe the general opinion
is that these salaries are far too low, and I believe
everybody here knows something of the expense
of living. We know that these gentlemen are ex-
pected to spend more than private individuals, and
it is really expended for public purposes. I had
supposed that it was admitted everywhere, as I
had heard it generally admitted in conversation,
that the salaries of these officers are too low.
That being assumed, the question was, what is the
best mode of adding to these salaries ? It struck
me that the best mode of doing that would be to
make an investment in houses, because as the city
grows, house rent is becoming a more expensive
item. Therefore if we invest money in houses,
and build those houses, the interest on that sum
would be a less amount than we should hereafter
be forced to add to their salaries in order to enable
them to live. Let me give an example to illus-
trate that. I understand from Colonel King that
the United States originally owned a house in
Paris for their ministers. He said that for some
reason, he did not know for what, it had been
sold, but if that house had been reserved at the
price which it originally cost, the addition which
it would substantially have made to the salary of
the minister would have been far more than any
reasonable interest upon its cost, and would have
turned out to be a most profitable investment to
the United States, and so I believe now. If this
city grows, as there is a prospect that it will
grow, the money invested in these housed will
turn out, in some thirty or in twenty or even in
ten years, to be a far larger addition to the salaries
of the officers than anything like the interest upon
it would amount to. But I do not care in what
shape the addition is made. If gentlemen prefer
to make it in money, let them do it. Let them
designate the sum; but it seems to me that this is,
perhaps, the cheapest arrangement for the Gov-
ernment, and the most comfortable for the heads
of Departments.
Mr. BRADBURY. I think that the present
compensation of heads of Departments is inade-
quate, and I am willing to increase it; but I have
been inclined to think that the mode proposed by
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia is
not the best. I think experience will prove that
it will cost us annually to keep these buildings in
repair very nearly one half the present salaries.
All experience shows that that must bean expen-
sive item. Again: when we shall have erected
houses, it would seem that we ought to do some-
thing towards furnishing them; and thus we shall
be drawn step by step into a system of house-
keeping for officers of the Government. I should
prefer, instead of this amendment, one that would
increase the compensation of these officers. With
that view I intended to offer an amendment to the
amendment, but I find that the amendment is in
such language that my proposition cannot be
moved as an amendment to it, and therefore I give
notice that if this amendment be voted down, I
shall offer the following:
t That tlie annual salaries of the heads of the several De-
i partments, the Vice President, and the Attorney General,
1 be, and the same are hereby, established at Sf,OUO, [rayable
quarterly.
Mr. BUTLER. Iam willing to take my share
of responsibility in raising the salaries of these
officers, for it is very obvious that the present sal-
aries are not adequate; and paradoxical as it may
appear, I say that the system of high salaries is
the most republican form in which we can admin-
ister this Government. If you give no salary at
all, of course you commit the administration of
the Government to wealth, and if you give mod-
erate salaries, you drive off men of intellect to look
for employment elsewhere. The salaries of these
public officers ought to be such as will fairly com-
pensate the intellect of the country for giving up
fnvate interests to embark in the public service.
know that it is said men will be found to go into
these offices; but it will turn out in the end that
1 offices of this kind, and particularly foreign mis-
; sions, will be exclusively given to men of wealth:
none others can have then) unless we give ade-
quate salaries.
1 understand that the chairman of the Commit-
i tee on Finance is in favor of the amendment now
; pending. I am opposed to it, but I am opposed
to it for a different reason than any which I have
heard given. If it would really give a higher sal-
i ary, I should go for it; but having houses erected
at public expense for officers during the time they
are in office, gives their residences, in my opinion,
| too much the character of hotels. It would be
unkind to the officers themselves to do so. I
know there are many persons who believe they
now have a right to go into the President's House
as a public house; and the moment we erect houses
for the heads of Departments, you will hear the
Democracy and the Whigs and all saying: " It is
my house just as much as his, and I have a right
to go there." Sir, that feeling prevails now to an
extent almost shocking to me. I want everyone,
when he has his house, to claim it as his own.
Let it be his own castle, and not be of a quasi
character. That is my opinion. I would give a
Cabinet officer $8,000 a year, and let him live as
he pleases. If he is a gentleman, he will know
how to use it. If he is not, we cannot regulate it
by law in this way.
Mr. RUSK. I am decidedly in favor of in-
creasing the salaries of Cabinet officers. I believe
a Cabinet office is the most unthankful and the
poorest paid office we have in our Government,
and probably an incumbent there discharges more
labor than any other officer. I am opposed to the
proposition to build houses for them. I have
numerous objections to it. In the first place,
the remarks of the Senator from South Caro-
linaare very just and proper. There is a public
edifrel erected at public expense in which the Sec-
retaries do their business, and into which all the
world have a right to go; but after their official
duties are through, there should certainly be some
place where they might retire, and be free from
annoyance. Under such circumstances, I think
it is better to permit them to make their own se-
lections.
But that is not my only objection to building
houses for the heads of Departments. It is getting
another system of public contracts. Our expe-
rience and the experience of the world shows that
these systems of public contracts are always to
the disadvantage of the Government and to the
advantage of the contractors. I will venture the
assertion that the Government may attempt to
build a house, and it will cost twice or three times
as much as it would cost an enterprising individ-
ual to build as good, or a better house by the side
of it. I think it is a seeming raising of the sala-
ries of these officers, when, in fact, it does not do
so. Therefore I shall vote for the amendment of
the honorable Senator from Maine, proposing to
give the heads of Departments the sum of §8,000
a year. I should be willing to go further. They
have to bring their families here. It is an expen-
sive place to live. They have to abandon their
business; and if we expect men of talent and ca-
pacity to do these things, we should pay them
well. The laborer is certainly worthy of his hire.
I should be willing to give salaries of §10,000, but
I shall certainly vote for $8,000.
Mr. DOWNS. I hope the amendment recom-
mended by the committee will be adopted. Cer-
tainly there is no part of the Executive message
which I thought more just, and the reasons for
which were more forcible than those assigned by
the Secretary of the Interior for this alteration.
All admit that the salary of these officers ought to
be increased in some way, and I do not see any
better mode than this.
In the first place, as was observed by the Sec-
retary of the Interior in his report, these officers
are very often suddenly called to their duties; and
instead of devoting their attention to public bus-
iness, they are called upon to hunt round for
houses, and fix up their establishments. This re-
quires a great deal of time and attention, and an
outlay of a large portion of their salaries.
I see no reason why this amendment should not
be adopted. It is carrying out the principle adopt-
ed in many of the States. It is carrying out the
principle we have adopted as to the Executive
Mansion. My friend from South Carolina will
pardon me if 1 say that I think there is nothing at
all in the argument that if we build these houses
we shall make them public houses. Who now
makes the President's House a public house? I
! have never heard such a complaint. I have never
known an instance, and I presume the gentleman
has never known one, of a person intruding him-
self upon the Executive mansion unless when it
J was open for all. I do not suppose that any one
1 would intrude upon the residence of Cabinet offi-
cers if built at Government expense, any more
than they do now. I think, therefore, there is
nothing in the argument of the Senator from South
Carolina, which seems to be approved by the Sen-
ator from Texas. We know, too, that Washington
is not like a large city. We cannot here always get
such houses as are proper. It is exceedingly dif-
ficult to find convenient houses, and persons are
very frequently compelled to take those not at all
suitable for their wants. I think the amendment
ought to be adopted.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not say that the Presi-
dent's House was regarded entirely as a public
house; but I know that General Taylor complained
very much of persons going on his grounds
against his consent. He was very much annoyed
in that way; and I do say that individuals go upon
those grounds, and into that house, in a very dif-
ferent way than they would if it were a private
establishment.
Mr. MASON. It seems to me that the appro-
priate way to increase the salaries or emoluments
of the members of the Cabinet, is that proposed
by the amendment of the Committee. The prac-
tical working of this Government demonstrates
more and more, in every successive presidential
term, that these Cabinet appointments are ap-
pointments for four years, and for four years
only. It may have been expected, and I dare
say it was expected by some in the beginning,
that the practical working of the Government
would be otherwise, and that Cabinet officers
would remain in their places, notwithstanding a
change of Administration. But we find that they
amount in fact to appointments but for four years.
There is a great propriety, when gentlemen are
called from their residences, remote from the cap-
ital, and required to build up a new establish-
ment, to be occupied for four years only, that we
should either give them the means of doing so, or
they should have an establishment prepared for
them. ThePresidentis elected for four years, and
a residence is given to him—and why? Because
it is not expected that he should be enabled to build
up an establishment for so short a time as four
years. It is the practice of all the States, certain-
ly of most of them, to give a mansion to their
Governor, who is elected for a short period. We
do the same thing with our ministers abroad. We
send them to a foreign country to stay for a short
time, and because of the expense of fitting up an
establishment, we allow them an outfit for that
purpose.
It has become the practice of the Government,
and it will remain so, that Cabinet appointments
are to be for four years. It is proper, therefore,
