1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
899
that you should give these officers an outfit to en-
able them to commence an establishment, or £ive
them one all reedy. I do not agree with my friend
from South Carolina, that, because those houses
will be built at the public expense, they will be
treated by the world as public houses. If it should
turn out that there are any individuals in society
who are so lost to all the proprieties of life, as to
consider themselves entitled to go into a gentle-
man 'a house because it was built by the public, I
apprehend that if it was occupied by a man of
proper spirit, he would soon teach them the con-
trary. Persona Have no more business to go into
that house than into my house, or into the house
of any gentleman. I think this is an appropriate
mode of increasing the emoluments of those offi-
cers, and I shall cheerfully vote for it.
Mr. BORLAND. When I made a suggestion
a few moments ago as to residences for members
of Congress, of course 1 did not intend it to be
construed seriously; but I made the suggestion for
the purpose of adling attention to what I consid-
ered an objectionable feature in the proposed
amendment. If, as is said by those who have ex-
perience, the salaries of the Cabinet officers are
not sufficient, I have no objection to increasing
them; and I think the pro{x>sition of the Senator
from Maine is an appropriate mode of doing it.
It gives to the individual a sufficient amount, and
leaves to him the manner in which he will expend
it. I cannot see the propriety of subjecting each
head of a Department—no matter what may be
his tastes and inclinations; no matter what may be
his ideas of house-keeping and the comfort of his
family—to a particular form of living; imposing
upon him the necessity of living according to a
style which he has not established for himself.
These heads of Departments come from various
portions of our country, where different habits
and different tastes prevail. Some havelargefam-
ilies—some small ones. Some will have a desire
for display—others for privacy and a plain mode
of living. I think it is therefore wrong to impose
the same rule of living upon every one—no mat-
ter what his ideas are. Our policy should be to
legislate in such a way as to give to each head of
a Department a full compensation for his services,
and let him expend it in the way most accordant
with his own feelings, and so as to promote his
own comfort. The amendment proposed by the
Senator from Maine I think comes very nearly to
what is just, and what seems to be assumed, for
it is about six per cent, upon the amount of the
proposed investment for building the houses. It
gives a member of the Cabinet §8,000 instead of
f6,000 per annum. j
Besides, the amendment of the committee would
operate unequally. Anew Administration is com-
ing in; it is coming in, too, at a time when living
is very high in Washington, and when the hard*
ship of low salaries is complained of. The pro-
vision cannot be executed for several years; and
those who now come get none of the benefits of
it. They will go out before those houses are
built, or before this increase of salary is given to
them. If we are to begin this system of reform,
of increased compensation to heads of Depart-
ments, let it begin now. Let us give them an ade-
quate amount of money, and let them expend it
• as they may think proper.
Mr. DOWNS. If the cent] em an wants to be-
gin now, he can very easily do that by making
an addition to the amendment, instead of destroy-
ing the whole proposition, so as to add an outfit
for the present year; for I suppose it will take a
year, or perhaps a little more, to finish the build-
ing. I shall willingly vote for such a proposition.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I intend to vote against
the amendment of the committee, and the proposed
substitute of the Senator from Maine. I am will-
ing to take the responsibility of voting against
both of them. I regarded the proposition when
suggested by the Secretary of the Interior, in his
annual report, as a most extraordinary one. It has 1
been so regarded by every expression of public
sentiment from the section from whence I come.
But, Mr. President, I was astonished that so
excellent and thorough-going a State-rights man
as the Senator from South Carolina, should advo-
cate a system of high salaries for the heads of De-
partments, and other Federal officers. Already
we see the offices of the States contemned and
spurned, and individuals are rushing here to the
Federal Government for office, at every change of
1 Executive Administration. There is now a de-
I! c,id«d preference for the offices of the Federal Gov-
1 ernment at the present salaries.
If I could be satisfied that the salaries were in-
adequate, I should vote for a proposition to in-
crease them; but I believe the reverse to be the
fact, and I judge so from the avidity with which
these offices are sought. We have not yet reached
that period* when it is difficult to fill cabinet or
other offices. On the contrary, the difficulty is in
determining who shall fill them.
Let this commencement be made—let this ap-
propriation of $250,000 now be made, and it will
continue from year to year, like the Capitol and
other appropriations; and at the next session of
Congress, or soon thereafter, we shall be met by
another appeal for $500,000 more, and so it will
go on. _ 1 oppose it now, for the reason that if we
go on in this way, the buildings of the Govern-
ment at the capital will absorb the entire reve-
nues of the country. I am opposed to this mag-
nificent mode of increasing salaries and erecting
buildings at the capital; but I will not consume
the time of the Senate on the subject.
Mr. BUTLER. The Senator from Iowa has
made a very just remark, in one point of view. I
think there are now too many attractions for
Federal offices, or at least we find too many aspi-
rants for them. But for myself, I believe the best
way to have an honest Federal officer, is to pay
him well, and not let him cheat. [Laughter.]
j Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I would suggest an-
I other remedy. If these offices are at all oppres-
! sive upon these gentlemen, I believe they are not
like Bunyan's sins; they can get rid of them very
easily.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the adoption of the amendment reported by the
committee, resulted—yeas 23, nays 24; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Mem. Badger, Brodhead, Brooke, Cooper,
Dawson. De Saussnre, Dodge of Wisconsin, Downs, Foot,
Gwin, Hale, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee,
Mason, Morton, Phelps, Pratt, Shields, SouK, Spruance,
Somner, and Walker—23,
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Borland,
Bradbury, Butler, Chariton, Chase, Davis, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Felch", Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Mallory, Miller, Nor-
ris, Pettit, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Toucey, Wade, and
, WeUer—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRADBURY. I now offer, as a separate
section, the amendment which I before suggested.
Mr. HUNTER. I agree that that may be of-
fered before we pass away from the subject.
Mr. ADAMS. I rise to the question of order,
that an amendment offered by an individual Sen-
ator is not in order until the amendments of the
committee have been gone through with.
I Mr. HUNTER I will go on with the amend-
I ments of the commKtee rather than have any ques-
| turns of order raised. I am instructed to offer the
; following amendment:
For a bridge across the Potomac, at the Little Falls, to be
expended under the direction of the President of the United
States, $50,000.
That is on the recommendation of a bill re-
ported from the Committee on the District of
Columbia, which was adopted by the Comn^tee
1 on Finance. I do not see the chairman of^iat
committee nowin his place, and therefore, if there
be any objection to it, it can be laid over until he
returns.
Several Senators. There is no objection.
The amendment-was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next amendment which
j I am instructed to offer is to insert the following:
To be expended under the direction of the President of
I the United Stales, for die purpose of bringing water into the
| city of Washington, upon such plans and from such places
j as be may approve, $150,000.
j The Senate is aware that there has been a report
j made by a member of the Engineer Corps in re-
: lation to the plans for furnishing water to the city
of Washington. Three plans are suggested in
that report: one to obtain water from Rock Creek,
another from the Little Falls, and another from
the Great Falls. One plan, that of getting the
water from Rock Creek, it is estimated would
cost about a million and a quarter; another plan a
million and a half; and a third, one million nine
hundred thousand dollars. Various reasons were
urged for and against tljkvarious plans, but the
committee propose to leWe it to the President to
determine which is best.
Mr. SEWARD. I quite concur in svery word
said by the honorable chairman in support of this
amendment. I think that the proper way to dis-
pose of the question of the manner and plan of
i supplying this city with pure and wholesome
water, is to refer it to Executive authority. I
think that there is no more important object than
this connected with the capital of the Govern-
ment. The public safety, the public property,
the health qf all parties concerned in the adminis-
! 'ration of the Government, the embellishment and
| prosperity of the capital, require that water should
, be supplied to this city. The security of the cap-
ital requires it, and if we are ever to do it, there
I is no time so well to do it as now, when the en-
t terprise can be undertaken under the most favor-
able circumstances, and a plan can be adopted to
meet the utmost wants of the city at a future
period. The experience of all cities which have
deferred such enterprises, has been to show that
it is much cheaper and more profitable to adopt
the system early, than to postpone it by long de-
lay. I hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I think that this is the
commencement of an expenditure upon the part
of the General Government of about $3,000,000
for the benefit of this city. I am one of those
who entertain the opinion that a company incor-
porated to supply this city with water, as all other
cities are supplied, and have the people pay for
the water, as they do in other cities, would be
the proper mode. This, in my opinion, is the
commencement of an expenditure which will ulti-
mately cost $3,000,000.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am convinced the
Senator from Pennsylvania is perfectly right.
Look at the enormous cost of the water-works in
the city of New York; take into view what is
to be the ultimate growth and extent of this city;
and I undertake to say that if the work is under-
taken with that degree of magnitude with which
it should be, with a view to the ultimate supply
of a city of the size and probable growth of this,
it will absorb even a larger amount than that
which the Senator from Pennsylvania has stated.
1 I am astonished that so excellent a strict-construc-
tionist as my worthy friend from Virginia, who
was so awfully alarmed at the powers we were
about to confer upon the President of the United
States, when we proposed that he should say that
a railroad should run here or run there with all
the lights of surveyors and engineers before him,
should now propose to confer upon the Executive
the power of giving or withholding water from the
citizens of this city and District. Why, sir, it is
a most alarming power to confer upon the Presi-
dent. I beg also to call attention to the fact, that
between the District and the ancient dominion we
are building bridges; bridges, too, within the bor-
i ders of sovereign States. I think that the people
of the District ought to furnish themselves with
water. I think that they have very great advan-
tages because of the heavy expenditure of money
i which is made here from time to time. I am ut-
j terly unwilling to vote a dollar for this object,
| believing that if we do commence it, we shall be
| led into an expenditure of three or four millions
; of dollars.
[ Mr. HUNTER. My friend from Iowa has
I .twitted me with applying one rule to the District
1 of Columbia and another rule to the States. I be-
j lieve they are very different places. I never took .
j the exception that it was improper to leave any-
I thing to the discretion of the President. But it is
a very different thing to leave it tothe President to
say into which channel the commerce of the East
—as the friends of that road said—should flow, and
leaving it to him to say from which of the three
springs water shall be supplied to this city. So I
apprehend the question of power is very different
in regard to what we may do within the States
and what within the District. But, sir, if the Sen-
ator from Iowa must know my opinion, I would
take this occasion to inform him that I was in favor
of restricting the President, for I am in favor of
getting water from Rock Creek. I represent, how-
ever, the committee. They thought it best to leave
the whole subject to the President to determine;
and I am quite willing to do it.
1 believe water is a matter of the first necessity
here. It is necessary not only for the people of
the District, but for ourselves. It is necessary
for the Departments of the Government. I know
that there has been an insufficient supply hereto-
