900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
fore, and I regard this aa one of the most import-
ant things, and one of the most legitimate subjects
of appropriation that can be presented for our
consideration. So far as the bridge question is
concerned, I would say to the Senator, that it is
very proper to connect this District, over which
we have power of exclusive legislation, with the
source from which it derives its trade and means
of subsistence. Yet, sir, if the Senator from Iowa
bases upon that the establishment of awsystem of
internal improvements, I am willing to sweep
away every bridge from the Potomac, if upon that
condition he and his friends will give up their de-
mands in reference to that dangerous question.
But 1 conceive that those questions are not now
up, and I am unwilling to drag them into the de-
bate, for it is indispensable to dispose of this bill
to-day.
Mr. HALE. This is an amendment in which
I feel some interest, and I want to correct a mistake
into which the Senator from Pennsylvania has
fallen. He said that the large cities of this country
were supplied with water by private companies.
That I believe has not been done, certainly not in
Boston or New York; but water has been intro-
duced by the municipal authorities of those cities,
and I say it to their credit. I think that if there
is one thing for which this city has a right to call
upon Congress it is for water. We supply them
with rum; hundreds of shops are open every day
and night, and on Sundays, too, for the sale of
rum by virtue of our authority, or the want of
any authority which we have given to suppress
them. We supply the people here with lottery
tickets. It is the greatest depot of gambling that
there is in the United States. After we have given
them rum and lottery tickets, when they now ask
for pure and wholesome water, we have not got the
constitutional power to give it! Mr. President, it is
said to be one of the peculiar proofs of the goodness
of God, that he gives water from heaven to the just i
and the unjust. And, sir, He has made us in his '
providence the almoners of his bounty for this city.
While we have given the people here rum and lot-
tery tickets, I think it is incumbent on us to give
them a little pure and wholesome water. It is one j
of the first necessities of life, and I do hope that
if there is nothing else put into the civil and diplo- I
matic appropriation bill we shall put the water in. ji
Water entitles it to be called a civil bill, eminently.
I hope we shall adopt the amendment. I shall j
have something to say on the question of the Po- '
tomac bridges which has been adverted to, when it
comes up, but at any rate, I hope we shall give
the people here water. j
Mr. DAWSON. I think every one here knows
that I am not at all prodigal in appropriations.
In fact I belong rather to the radical party on that
point; but this appropriation is one in which the
whole country is interested. Now, to-day, per-
haps every State in this Union has a large num-
ber of persons in Washington city, every one of
whom is interested in having good water, and we 1
all know that we are denied the privilege. Be-
sides, Congress sits nine months in each year. |
Mr. HALE. Every other year. r
Mr. DAWSON. Well, every other year; and
they would sit here that long every year, if the
Constitution did not prevent it. If we pass this :
appropriation, we shall extend the benefits of it]
to the entire Union. And then, again, we shall
need water to secure the immense property which
the Government of the United States has in this
city. I saw this Capitol, and so did you, sir, on :
fire. We saw the condition in which things were
placed at that time. You have often seen parts
of the city on fire. We have had many of our
public buildings burnt, when if we had had water
and the means to use it which is necessary, we '
perhaps should have preserved them. I think i
that this is one of the most legitimate and consti- '
tutional appropriations which we can make, and j
one which is beneficial in everyway. There can 1
be no objection to it, except that it takes money, j
I think the money cannot be better disposed of,
or in a manner more useful to the entire country I
and promotive of the interests of the Government.
Mr. BRADBURY. A memorial was put into
my hands, some two or three days since, by some I
respectable citizens of this place, stating the rea-
sons why they were in favor of having a supply
of water from Rock creek and not from the Po-
tomac river; and from the statement of facts in
this memorial, and other information, I have been
led to suppose that the completion of a work to
supply water from the Potomac river will involve
an expenditure as large as that named by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, perhaps some $3,000,000.
I believe a supply can be furnished from Rock
creek at very much less than $1 ,000,000. I know
I have been repeatedly informed that good and
responsible persons will be prepared at any time,
under an act of incorporation, to supply the city
of Washington with water at such reasonable
compensation as is usual in such cases, and to
furnish a full supply for the Executive Mansion,
the Departments, the Capitol, and the navy-yard
at an expense of not exceeding $30,000 a year.
Now, sir, it is proposed in this amendment that
the President shall determine the plan on which
the supply of water shall be-made. If the Presi-
dent had no other duties to perform, and could
perform these in person, I know the gentleman
who is to fill the Executive chair so well as to
know that no person could be found possessing
better judgment than himself; but it will be neces-
sary that he shall devolve that duty upon some of
the officers in some of the Departments, the Corps
of Engineers, perhaps. We know, too, that
wherever any duty of that kind is devolved it has
not been unfrequent that the most expensive plan
has been adopted.
I do not know that the fact that it would be their
interest to have the largest expenditure would
bias their judgments; but such has been the result
usually. Now, if there can be a limitation on
the expenditure so far as the Government is con-
concerned, I am willing to vote something for the
supply of water to this city. If the honorable
Senator from Virginia will fix any reasonable limit,
I should be willing to agree to the proposition; but
we are left to commence a work which will cost
we know not how much. The appropriation now
proposed is analagous to that of the $100,000
which was proposed to construct two wings of the
Capitol. When we were voting that $100,000,
there was hardly a Senator here who supposed
that two such structures as have grown out of it
would be erected. We supposed that half a mil-
lion of dollars would make an adequate addition.
Now, we find that we are involved in an expend-
iture—for we have commenced and must go for-
ward—that may reach five or six millions of dol-
lars. So, too, in this case; this appropriation will
ultimately lead to an appropriation large enough
to dam the Potomac, and place works there and
bring the water from that river. I think it unne-
cessary. I think that at Rock creek we can
have an abundant supply of water, with what is
now in the city, to furnish a population of one
hundred and fifty thousand. I believe, further,
that it is the duty of the citizens and of the cor-
poration of the city to do something toward sup-
plying the city with water.
I am unwilling to vote for this appropriation as
it now stands. If, however, the Senator from
Virginia will propose an addition by which no ex-
penditure under this appropriation shall be made
unless upon a plan that shall not involve an ex-
penditure on the part of the Government exceed-
ing some reasonable amount—and I would be
tolei^ly liberal—I, for one, should withdraw all
objection; but depend upon it, as the proposition
now stands, it must involve an expenditure of a
very large amount.
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, appropria-
tions for twenty, thirty, and even fifty millions of
dollars are suffered to pass with so little objection
that I had hardly supposed, upon a question of
this kind, we should nave the difficulties started
which are presented by the honorable Senator
from Maine. I understand, from authority upon
which I can rely, that though Rock creek, during
the winter season, can furnish an abundant supply
of water to the city, with its present population
and dimensions, yet in the summer season it can-
not. If we should all come back here again in a
century to come we shall see, perhaps, the most
magnificent city on this continent, with an invest-
ment made in the public buildings and the public
property. I think we ought not to quibble about
this. We ought to have no difficulty in bringing
water from the Potomac, where it will always be
in the greatest abundance. I have no idea that it
is going to cost as much as gentlemen suppose.
At all events, whatever #biay cost, with the skill
and science of the day applied to the work, I, as
far as I have any responsibility to incur, am per-
fectly willing to encounter it. Sir, I hope that the
water will be conducted from the Potomac at the
Great Palls. I understand that nature has there
made facilities which will greatly abridge the diffi-
culty of bringing water such a great distance.
There the supply will always be abundant for a
city of five hundred thousand people. I shall
vote for the amendment with great pleasuie, and 1
feel no difficulty about taking the responsibility.
I have been voting for appropriations of thirty,
forty, and fifty millions of dollars; and I hope,
upon a question of such magnitude as this, the
importance of which to every part of the Union
has been so well stated by the Senator from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Dawson,] in whose remarks I entirely
concur, we shall have no difficulty in getting it.
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, I estimate as
highly as any one can the importance of having
this city supplied with good water. I feel a very
deep personal interest in it. I have had bad health
ever since I have been coming to Washington,
and I believe one of the main causes for it has
been the bad water which I have been compelled
to drink here. 1 feel the necessity of some change
in that respect; but I object to the plan proposed
now that the Government shall go directly into
the business of making water-works for Wash-
ington. If we are to adopt the plan now pro-
posed, the whole matter should be left to the Pres-
' ident of the United States to select the plan. I
; am satisfied he could select a better one than Con-
gress could; but I do not think the mode proposed
a good one. I do not think it will be likely to ac-
complish the object so speedily, so well, or so
economically, as is desirable. I believe the better
plan would be for private enterprise to do it; and
I understand that propositions have been made,
and that there are responsible individuals ready
to go into an enterprise of the sort under an act
of incorporation and establish water-works to
supply the city, and then have the Government
pay a fair compensation in the form of a water-
rate, which I believe it is called in the cities where
water is supplied in this way, for the use of it. I
think we ought to adopt some such plan as that.
I believe the work would be accomplished sooner,
I believe it would be done better, and I am very
sure it would be much more economical to the
Government than the present plan.
I think, sir, that we have seen enough of the
manner m which money is expended when we
undertake to do public work here by the Govern-
ment directly. Look at the two wings of the
Capitol. We were told, when the original appro-
priation was made, that the work would cost, al-
together, about $1,500,000. We have already
expended $1,000,000 in laying the foundations. I
do not know how much is proposed in this bill
for going on with the work, and I would inquire
of the Senator from Virginia what amount is pro-
posed in this bill to continue the extension of the
Capitol?
Mr. HUNTER. I believe it is $600,000.
Mr. BORLAND. We have already expended
$1,000,000, and it is proposed now to expend
$600,000 more. That, altogether, makes more
than the original amount estimated; and we have
hardly begun the work. I mention this to show
how little we can rely upon estimates which are
made when the Government itself takes the place m
of individuals, and goes into the construction of ■
such works. It was estimated that we should
have to pay $1,500,000 for the extension of the
Capitol, and we have paid $1,000,000, and it is
proposed to give $600,000 more; and yet the work
has been barely begun.
Mr. HUNTER. The estimate was more than
$2,000,000, according to my recollection.
Mr. BORLAND. One plan, and theonewhich
I supposed was adopted, was only a million and
a half.
Mr. HUNTER. Walter's plan was over two
millions.
Mr. BORLAND. The work will cost eight
millions before it is done according to the plan. I
learn that the estimate made by the Committee on
Public Buildings originally for the extension of
the Capitol, was a million and a half of dollars.
What the amount estimated for by Mr. Wal-
ter was, I do not know; but we have seen enough
to be satisfied that taking what has been done—
taking the foundations that have been laid as the
basis of an estimate, that $8,000,000 is as little as
anybody can suppose will be required. I say this,
