902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb 28,
from Virginia, in opposing an amendment of this
sort. Why, it was never proposed at any time,
that we should run a railroad, even when we gave
alternate sections of land in a State, without requi-
ring in advance the special assent of the Legisla-
ture of the State to any and every bill of that sort.
I think it is right that the consent of the State
should be given. The only thing that troubles me
is the want of power on the part of Maryland to
give it. [Laughter.] I doubt very much, from the
opinion expresssed by the Senator from Michigan,
the other day, whether or not we ought not to
propose an amendment to provide for a constitu-
tional convention in the State of Maryland to
give this assent. [Renewed laughter.] If my friend
is willing to risk the Legislature, I am.
As to the battle between Rock creek and the I
Potomac, 1 do not enter into that at all; but as a
friend of the President of the United States, I wish ,
that those gentlemen who fought the Pacific rail- '
road bill so hard, lest he should have to decide a
little scramble between contractors and others, will
not now impose upon him the trouble of exam-
ining these counter reports, and deciding on the
rival interests of the Potomac aad Rock creek.
Mr. HUNTER. I am glad that my friend
from Iowa is turning his attention to the subject of
State rights. I think it is a subject to which he
might well devote a little more consideration than
he has heretofore given it; but I am afraid that he
neglects weightier matters, and his scruples seem
to T>e about small things when they can avail little.
I do not say that the Senator from Maryland is
not right in asking that the assent of that State
should be had in regard to bringing water from
Maryland, but I did object that the Legislature
should have anything to do in regard to the plan
which might be adopted. That is our own mat-
ter. If she chooses to say that we shall not go
into her territory to bring it, well and good. That
is her right, and that is all she has anything to
say about—whether we shall go there or not. If
she once admits us, it is for us to say upon what
particular plan we shall bring the water here.
Mr. PEARCE. My colleague is certainly j
right in supposing that the assent of the State of
Maryland is necessary, if the plan adopted by the
President should require water to be drawn from
a source within the limits of Maryland. I sup-
pose that the objection to his amendment might
be removed by changing its phraseology some-
what. I propose therefore to submit, in lieu of
the amendment which he has proposed, the fol-
lowing:
Provided, That if the plan adopted by the President of the
United States shall require water to be drawn from any
source within the limits of Maryland, the assent of the
Legislature of that State shall first be obtained.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator will
allow me to suggest that it is scarcely necessary
to have any such amendment. It is very doubt-
ful whether the Legislature of Maryland can give
the full consent to take the water, because there
will be individuals interested. We cannot sup-
pose that the President of the United States will !
adopt apian which will take water that is the prop- i
erty of either the State of Maryland or any other
State, or of the citizens of the States, without bring-
ing the Government of the United States under an
obligation to compensate them. That, of course,
will be looked into. The amendment ought also
to provide for indemnifying private owners, if
there are such interested in the streams.
Mr. PEARCE. Of course, withou* such an
amendment, it would be necessary to obtain the
assent of the State of Maryland before drawing
water from her limits, and it might also possibly
be necessary to obtain the consent of the Chesa-
peake and Ohio Canal Company, which has cer-
tain water-rights vested in it by the Legislature of
Maryland. I have no doubt that a proper appli-
cation would be made by the Executive for such
authority without this amendment, and it would
be just as readily given, whether you draw water
from the Great Palls or the Little Falls of the Po-
tomac, and there is an ample supply at either. If
it should interfere with the rights of the Ches-
apeake and Ohio Canal Company, no doubt an
arrangement could be made.
Mr. HUNTER. If I understand the amend-
ment of theSenatorfrom Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,]
I do not object to that. '
Mr. PEARCE. I supposed the phraseology
would not be objectionable to the honorable Sen-
ator, and I hope, as it is not objectionable to the
Senator from Virginia, that my colleague will ac-
cept it.
Mr. PRATT. With pleasure.
Mr. BUTLER. I think the whole subject ought
to be postponed, because if we are to get the assent
of Maryland before the work is undertaken, we
may not get it for a year or two.
Mr. PEARCE. The Legislature of Maryland
is now in session, and is likely to be for some
time.
Mr. BORLAND. I think there is a great deal
of force and pertinency in the remarks of the
Senator from Iowa. It is true the Senator from
Virginia attempted to get clear of the objection by
saymg it was about a small matter. That is true,
but I apprehend that so far as constitutional prin-
ciple is concerned, it may be involved in a small
as well as a large matter. We know how earn-
estly it was insisted the other day, when the Pa-
cific railroad bill was up for consideration, that we
could not expend money within the limits of the
States at all, with or without their assent, but that
the expenditure must be limited to the Territories
of the United States. The same principle would
limit the expenditure of this money within the
District of Columbia, and although you might ob-
tain the assent of Maryland, you would have no
right, according to the doctrine laid down the other
day, to expend one dollar in making a dam, reser-
voir, or anything else necessary to obtain water,
within the limits of Maryland. I did not admit
the soundness of that proposition the other day;
but it does seem to me that gentlemen who did in-
sist upon it, to the extent of defeating a bill of
such importance as the Pacific railroad bill, should
at least be consistent now, and adhere to it even
in so small a matter as water for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. HUNTER. It is very strange to me that
the Senator from Arkansas can see no difference
between claiming power to furnish the District of
Columbia, which is under the exclusive control of
the Congress of the United States, with water from
an adjoining State, and the claim of a power to
regulate the railroad commerce of that State. If
the statement of the proposition does not show the
difference, it will be impossible for me to do it by
any course of reasoning. But.I rose to protest, at
this state of the session, against this attempt to re-
vive that old debate upon the Pacific railroad ques-
tion. We have probably aboutone day to devote
to this bill. I am willing and ready to go into that
debate, if the Senator and myself shall both be
here at the next session, and that measure be re-
vived, but I am not willing to bring it up on this
question here. I believe we have barely time
enough to get this bill through. If the Senate
believe the proposition is not sufficiently well
guarded, let them vote it down. If, on the other
hand, they are willing to trust this preliminary
appropriation to the discretion of the President of
the United States, let them say so. Let us have
some decision, for many other important subjects
are to be considered on this bill.
Mr. BORLAND. The opponents of this prop-
osition are not responsible for its introduction.
The Senator from Virginia introduced it. If it
gives rise to discussion, those who oppose it are
not responsible for the discussion. Those who
introduced it are responsible. If it involves, as
I think, a principle condemned by the Senate the
other day, I cannot help it. The Senator says
there is no similarity in the cases. I may be dull of
comprehension—perhaps I am—but I cannot see
the difference. The point made was the expendi-
ture,^ public money within a State for purposes
of approvement, with or without its consent.
That was the point. Whether it applies to making
a railroad or bringing water into the District of
Columbia, it seems to me it is the same thing.
Then, the proposition was to run a railroad from
the Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean, through
several States and through territory belonging to
the United States. Several gentlemen said, " We
are willing to give money to make a road within
the Territories, but when you come to the States
we cannot, even with their consent, exercise the
power, under the Constitution, to expend money
there, but must restrict the expenditure to the
Territories." Now, it seems to me that the prin-
ciple is the same. Hrfe is a proposition to do
what ? To make a conduit of water from some
point on the Potomac river, within the State of
Maryland, to the District of Columbia, which is
the territory of the United States, through the
sovereign State of Maryland. According to the
doctrine laid down the other day, you can expend
money within the territory of the United States—
in this case the District of Columbia—but the mo-
ment you get into the State of Maryland you
cannot expend a dollar of it. It seems to me that
the principle is entirely the same. There may be
a difference, but I cannot see it.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from Virginia in-
troduced the amendment because he was directed
to do so by the Committee on Finance. In doing
so, he is but performing his duty. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Virginia was
recommended I believe unanimously, by the
Committee on Finance. I do not propose making
any remarks on the subject. I know the Senate
are anxious for a vote; but the reason why the
Committee on Finance recommended this measure
must be obvious to every Senator. The public
property here is entirely unprotected from fire, so
far as regards the use of water. There is not a
sufficient quantity of water to protect the public
buildings from fire. Water is needed in every
point of the city;.and the object of the commit-
tee was to make it free; not to place the power
of selling water in the hands of a corporation.
Whether the President will conclude to take water
from Maryland or Virginia, or any other State, is
not the question for us. If we believe he will not
apply the money proposed to be appropriated
properly, we ought not to give it; but if we be-
' lieve he will, we may start out with the hypothe-
sis that he will not violate any law of Maryland
or Virginia. Hence I think it unnecessary to dis-
cuss that point.
Mr. RUSK. I shall vote for the amendmentof
the Senator from Maryland, because I think it
proper. I think that if the President of the Uni-
ted States is allowed to go and take water from
the State of Maryland, it may interfere very much
with the internal improvements of that State. Al-
though I am remarkably anxious to supply this
city with water, it seems to me that the effect of
the amendment as originally proposed, without
that of the Senator from Maryland, will be to cir-
cumscribe the President, and compel him to take
water from a place where gentlemen say there is
not a sufficient supply, for I apprehend that no
one will pretend that the President of the United
States could go, without the consent of Maryland,
and take a supply of water from that State.
It is unnecessary to continue, nor do I mean t 
continue, the discussion of the principle in refer-
ence to the Pacific railroad bill which was up the
other day. There is, however, a distinction be-
tween that appropriation and this, which the Sen-
ators from Iowa and Arkansas did not dra\^.
That was an appropriation for a national and gen-
eral object in which the whole United States was
concerned; this is an appropriation for a special,
local object, in which but a small locality is con-
cerned. If the principle was so good as to exclude
a great national object, it certainly ought to be
good enough to exclude a small one. But I had
no difficulty on that subject, and therefore I have
no difficulty on this. I shall vote for the amend-
ment.
Mr. TOUCEY. There is a proposition here
that has reference only to the District of Colum-
bia. There is nothing in the appropriation that
refers to the State of Maryland, or to the State of
Virginia. There is, therefore, no occasion for
the proviso that the President of the United States
shall not do what he has no power to do. There
is no legislation here proposing to go into the
State of Maryland to interfere with the jurisdic-
tion of that State. You might as well introduce
a clause here that the President should not do any
other wrong act which the bill does not contem-
plate. I think the proviso, therefore, is entirely
uncalled for.
Gentlemen have alluded to what took place the
other day upon the Pacific railroad bill. Sir, that
was a proposition to build a road within a State,
and appropriate money for that purpose, a direct
interference with the sovereignty of the State upon
the face of the bill itself. It was very appropriate,
therefore, and such was the judgment of the Sen-
ate, that that part of the bill should be striken out;
but there is nothing of that kind in the proposition
now under consideration. The proviso is just as
appropriate as any other thai might be imagined.
