1853.
TflE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
907
all oyer the continent; and even in Turkey there
is now in contemplation a railroad of some six
hundred miles in length, one of the termini of
which I believe is Adrianople, the other I do not
recollect. This railroad is to be built by an Eng-
lish company, and will undoubtedly be supplied
by English iron. Here will be a market for a
large portion of the British surplus, after supply-
ing her own demand. At any rate the continent
of Europe will absorb the rest, and we shall not
be overwhelmed with such a vast amount of im-
ported iron for the next two or three years to
come as we have been for years past. Let us
then go on at the present rate of duties, without
interfering with it by legislation on the subject;
and you will find the more moderate establish-
ments starting into life and vigor, and affording a
competition which will reduce prices at least to
some moderate standard—more moderate, I verily
believe, than will be the case if only a few great
establishments continue to exist, ana you have to
look for the rest of your supply to England.
I know, Mr. President, that many persons who
have not given attention to this subject, will not
be prepared to admit this proposition; but if I had
time, and were to turn back to the history of the
iron manufacture for the last thirty-three or thirty-
four years, I should be able to show that home
competition has done more than foreign to reduce
the prices, if you reduce the duties, I repeat, you
will break down your own more moderate estab-
lishments, destroy home competition, and give to
English manufactures the power to impose their
own prices. That is one of the laws of trade, as
necessary as any other law of trade which has
been established by the experience of mankind.
When you turn back to the history of this branch
of manufactures, you will find that the period
when the domestic manufacture ceased, by having
been broken down, the prices of the foreign fabric
always advanced; and not only is this so, but you
will likewise find that the highest prices prevailed
in times when there was no domestic competition,
in consequence of low duties, or no duties. That
it would be better for the consumer to have a
duty all the time, such as would create domestic
competition, can hardly be doubted by any one
who will take the trouble to examine the subject.
It is, therefore, the duty of every one, it seems to
me, who understands this subject, to resist this
amendment. A single class is to be the only re-
cipient of the bounty which it proposes; whilst
all other classes are to be taxed for its benefit. If
no other class was to be injured by the contem-
plated legislation, I should not be at all envious
or jealous of the privileges that are to be conferred
upon it; but when the wages of labor, the prices
of agricultural products are to be reduced, and the
interests of a large portion of the citizens of my
own State prostrated, I feel hound to resist it
with all the energy which I possess.
Mr. President, it is not only the iron manufac-
ture, and those engaged in that branch of industry,
who are to suffer. The great agricultural com-
munity, spread all over my own State and over
all the agricultural States of the West and North-
west, are to suffer likewise. I could show you,
too, if I had time, that its mischievous effects ex-
tend to the cotton-planter and sugar-grower of the
South, as well as to the manufacturers, farmers,
and laborers of the North and West, but I will not
go into that at this period of the session.
For the purpose of showing how this kind of
legislation affects the interests to which I have
just referred, let me recur to facts. In 1840, by
the returns made by the marshals, it appeared that
there were four hundred and ten furnaces and
forges in operation in the State of Pennsylvania.
During the pendency of the bill, afterwards known
as the tariff act of 1842, pains were taken to as-
certain the number of furnaces which had gone
out of blast between 1840 and 1842, and it was
found that there were but two hundred and seventy
of the four hundred and ten then in blast, one
hundred and forty in the mean time having ceased
operations; and it was admitted by all who were
acquainted with the subject, that if something had
not been done to relieve that branch of industry,
a large proportion of the remaining two hundred
and seventy would soon have been compelled to
cease operations. It was ascertained by the same
returns that those employed in and immediately
dependent upon these four hundred and ten fur-
naces, forges, &c., consumed upwards of four
millions of bushels of grain per annum, and more
than a corresponding amount in value of beef,
pork, hay, potatoes, and other vegetables. So that
it will be seen that there was not less than eight
millions of dollars' worth of agricultural products
consumed by the persons engaged in the furnaces
and forges in operation in Pennsylvania in 1840.
Now what would be the necessary effect of the
ceasing of operations on the part of one half of
that number?—and I take this proportion for the
sake of easy illustration. Why, sir, a market in
which two millions of bushels of grain had for-
merly been sold would be destroyed; and in addi-
tion to this, a market in which $2,000,000 worth
of beef, pork, and vegetables found sale, would
likewise be destroyed. But that does not tell the
whole tale. The people engaged formerly in the
manufacture of iron, ceasing to pursue that branch
of industry, must do something for a livelihood.
What would they do ? To what would they be-
take themselves ? To the manufacture of woolens
and cottons? No, sir. The same policy which
prostrated the iron manufacturer had striken down
these other branches of industry along with it.
They could not, then, even if they understood the
business of weaving and fulling, or other indus-
trial pursuits, get employment in them. They
must then turn to that which, in the absence of
mechanical industry, is the common employment
of ail the children of Adam; they must betake
themselves to the cultivation of the soil. Then
what is the state of things ? In addition to having
a market diminished to the extent of $4,000,000
per annum, you have the consumers converted
I into produoers; perhaps producing an amount
I equal to that which they previously consumed.
| What effect, I repeat, would that have upon the
j agriculturist? Would itnotbedisastrousto them,
| and to those who look to them for employment
i and good wages ?
i But I have been told occasionally, and I have
heard it remarked here in the Senate, that while
it may be that the farmer in the vicinity of these
t furnaces and forges might be benefited, the great
grain-growing regions of the West and North-
west would not derive any advantage from the
| prosperous existence of this branch of industry.
| Sir, this is a very great mistake. Every bushel
of ggrin that is consumed diminishes the amount
to be sold, and leaves a better market for what
| remains for sale. If the farmers of Pennsylvania
, can no longer find a market at their own doors,
they will resort to New York, Philadelphia, and
Boston, and to other great sea-port towns, to sell
their produce, and there they will come into com-
petition with the grain-grower of the great West,
and of course a glut of the market, which will
thus be produced, diminishes the price. That is
always the case.
Now, Mr. President, are all these interests to
be stricken by this amendment? Are these mod-
erate establishments which, under the present
prices, would revive, make money, and retrieve
their late disasters, to be prevented from doing so ?
Are the farmers and mechanics of Pennsylvania,
and all the other States in which this branch of
industry is carried on, to be prevented from en-
joying the market which these furnaces and forges
affora to them ?
While I was a member of the other branch of
Congress, I once had occasion to advert to the
consequences of domestic competition. In 1842,
when we were asking for a duty of thirty dollars
per ton upon rolled iron, and twenty dollars per
ton upon hammered iron, I ventured to predict—
and I do not often refer to my predictions—that by
giving us the advantage of the duties which we
asked, the price of iron, instead of being increased
would be very soon diminished. Sir, if you go
back to that period, and inquire what was the
price of railroad iron in lML you will find that it
was then something like *tghty dollars per ton.
A duty of twenty-five dollars per ton was imposed
by the act of 1842, yet, in 1845, railroad iron had
fallen to sixty dollars per ton, and in 1849 to
forty-five dollars per ton;and contracts were made
even at the reduced price of forty dollars per ton.
I am aware that many contracts were made lower
than that for foreign iron; but I am referring to
rates at home; rates ruinous to be sure, but which,
if the act of 1842 had not been repealed, would
have soon, by the influence of domestic competi-
tion and increased skill, become not only estab-
lished, but remunerative. But by the act of '46,
home competition was destroyed; and now, when
low prices have done their work by breaking down
most of the furnaces, forges, and rolling mills of
the country, foreign nations send ub their iron,
demand their own price, and compel us to pay it.
Yes, Mr. President, I repeat it, that if a proper
degree of protection had been afforded to our in-
fant establishments, home competition would have
done for those who are the consumers of this arti-
cle all that foreign competition did;and atthis day
they would not have to pay the high prices which
they are seeking to reduce by partial legislation.
Sir, if we had gone on under the influence of the
act of 1842, we should now, in all probability,
have been manufacturing iron at forty dollars per
ton.
Gentlemen may talk to me about the duty im-
posed on articles increasing the price pro lanto.
They say it must be so. Jt may seem so, but it
has never been so. Perhaps I am going too far
when I say never, but 1 say generally it is not so.
I remember, and you, sir, remember, that there
was at one time a duty of four cents per pound
imposed upon nails, and yet during the existence
of that duty nails fell to three and a half cents per
pound. Under such a state of facts, what becomes
of this doctrine? The duty on iron in 1828,1829,
and 1830, &c., was $36 per ton on railroad and
bar iron; but it built up furnaces and forges and
produced domestic competition, which increased
the skill and brought about a reduction in price.
And the whole history of the manufacture of iron
in this country will show that the reduction of
prices took place when the duties were high enough
to produce domestic competition, and not when
they were so low as to drive from it a large por-
tion of those engaged in its manufacture.
In conclusion, I will only ask the Senate to pause
before it confers this bounty upon corporations at
the expense of individuals who have been strug-
gling through so many years of adversity in the
hope that a brighter day would dawn upon them.
We used to hear the cry, " Do not disturb this
question; leave it as it was settled in 1846; let it
alone." That was the cry on the other side of
the Chamber. We were told that the act of 1846
was the settlement of a vexed question, and that
we ought not to disturb it, but wait until increased
skill and a change abroad should^enable us to
compete with the foreign manufacturer. But now,
prices having risen from circumstances accident-
ally beneficial to our own manufacturers and la-
borers, you disregard your own advice, and pro-
pose to counteract the circumstances by legislation.
Sir, it is a false, it is a pernicious system of legisla-
tion under which the prosperity of the country
can never be safe. There will be no steady ad-
vance of improvement and skill in the arts if there
be not more of stability and wisdom in the legis-
lation of Congress. It is this constant change
which is ruinous to those who are engaged in in-
dustrial pursuits and occupations. They do not
know what to look to; they are afraid to embark
in enterprises requiring capital, lest by some un-
looked-for change of legislation, the earnings of a
lifetime may be swept away. I hope, therefore,
the amendments proposing a change so disastrous,
will not be adopted.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I regard the
propositions submitted by the Senators from Illi-
nois and Virginia [Messrs. Douglas and Mason]
as synonymous. I think it requires no prophet
to foresee that to suspend the duty on railroad iron
for three years will be virtually to suspend it in-
definitely—that is, to repeal it altogether.
When I consider the magnitude of this subject,
I am struck with surprise at the circumstances
under which it is presented. It amounts to no less
than this: to a derangement of the entire fiscal
system of the Government of the United States,
and a disturbance of the industry of the country,
shaking the credit, and bringing into confusion the
very resources of the Government. And under
what circumstances does this grave question come
before the Senate? Has it been recommended by
the Executive Administration ? No! Has there
been a complaint brought before Congress by anjr
portion of the people, that the present system is
erroneous and requires to be revoked or modified?
Not at all. Has any committee of this Senate rec-
ommended such a change? Not one. On the other
hand, the Finance Committee which had recom-
mended it has retracted and abandoned the ground.
Who is it that brings this proposition here ? And
