908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO$E.
Feb. 28,
under what circumstances, and in what manner I
is it done? It is brought before the Senate by
a member from Virginia, on the sole ground that
the State of Virginia has instructed him. Vir-
ginia alone, one of the thirty-one States—Virginia
not seconded anywhere. And at what time?
Why, in the very last week, and in the very last
hours of the session of Congress, when the health*
patience, and the capacity of members have
been taxed to extreme endurance, we are brought
to the consideration of a question which cannot be
disposed of safely, not to say wisely, without
carefully examining the whole fiscal system of
the Government.
The measure before us proceeds upon the ground
that we have gold to send to England and to Russia
for iron; that we are rich, and can afford to ship
gold to buy railroad iron, leaving our own iron and
coal, inexhaustible as they are, to rest in our own
mines. Sir, there was a King once who was as rich
in proportion, and as independent, and as proud
as we are. Croesus was that King; and when a
barbarian chief came to see him in his court, he
displayed his treasures before the amazed savage,
glittering heaps of bright yellow gold. The bar-
barian looked upon the treasure and said: " It is
all very well, but whoever comes upon you with
better iron than you have, will be master of all
this gold." We shall find it so in the end.
Sir, 1 think my votes have shown that I have a
correct appreciation of the great advantage to the
United States, which have resulted from the ac-
. quisition of the gold of California. But, if 1 were
required to choose to-day between the wealth that
slumbers in the Sierra Nevada, and colors the sands
in the bottoms of the streams of California, and
the iron that lies in the unopened mines of Mary-
land, Pennsylvania, New York, and New Jersey,
I should decide promptly at once to renounce the ;
gold and save the iron. But when I have enumer- |
ated these States, I am conscious that I am only on
the verge of the iron region of this broad continent.
It extends through Virginia, Ohio, Kentucky,
Tennessee, Missouri, and Nebraska. Sir, we are
making iron roads across this continent. And
what is now proposed ? It is to bring the iron
from England to make roads over the iron and ]
coal-beds of these Alleganies, and of Missouri and
our westernjerritories. There must bean urgent
necessity for this, or the Senate would not, under
such circumstances as these, listen to a proposi-
tion so novel and extraordinary, so contrary to all
our settled principles of political economy. What,
then, is the need for such a measure? Is it that
your revenues are already too great, and must be
diminished ? It cannot be that, because you have I
never before either appropriated so liberally, or had
occasion to appropriate so liberally, for the great ob- 1
jects of the Government. You have an unpaid debt
of $100,000,000. You have got a new and vast ter-
ritory to fortify, to secure, to make fast. It is the
whole Pacific shore, as yet not fortified—not even
connected with the middle and Atlantic regions of
our country. You have not only to build custom- |
houses and mints there, but you want also docks,
fortifications, and increase of your naval forces,
harbor defenses, and everything that belongs to
national power in California and Oregon. And
you want not only these, but also an increase of
the strength of the military arm to fulfill your
treaty stipulations with Mexico, and protect that
unfortunate country from the depredations of sav-
iiges within our own unexplored wilderness.
And while you want all these things exterior to
the defenses of the old States, what are you doing ]
elsewhere ? You are exploring the rivers of South
America and the shoals of the Pacific ocean and
opening the ports of China and Japan. And to-
gether with these mighty enterprises, what are
you doing here? You are enlarging to twice their
present capacity the dimensions of the Capitol and :
the Patent Office—laying out streets ftnd squares,
and building statues and monuments. You are
supplying the capital, as you ought to do, with
pure and wholesome water, and with light, and ■
are embellishing it, to render it worthy a great na- :
tion and a refined people. No one has proposed,
indeed it is the furthest possible from the idea of
any gentleman in this Chamber, to propose to
reduce the appropriations. You even multiply
and increase salaries and pensions. The appro-
priations ought not to be reduced and cannbt be
reduced. But, strange to say, while you are in-
creasing appropriations largely, profusely, many
i will think wantonly, you are at the same moment
diminishing the revenue which supplies them.
Well, have you ascertained whether this diminu-
tion will bear a just and proper proportion to your
expenses, so that you will be able to carry on the
great anil munificent enterprises of the Govern-
ment? If you have, I pray you to enlighten me.
Who will tell me how much this remission of the
i duties on railroad iron will diminish the revenues
of the Government? No man can answer whether
it will reduce them one, or two, or three, or five
millions a year. According to the best judgment
I can form, and according to the experience we
have had heretofore, we are to have a reduction of
the revenue of the Government by an amount of
three millions a year, for so long a period as this
remission of duties shall continue. If you can
dispense with three millions of revenue, come up
to the actual relief of the people, and surrender
the public domain, from which you exclude actual
settlers, except they pay a dollar and a quarter an
acre; and yet which, even with this tax, yields
less than the three millions which you are striking
off by this measure.
Now, unless you are going to diminish the
amount of appropriations also—and I have shown
that you are not going to doit—you cannot wisely
adopt this measure, unless you have some other
source of revenue to replace what is to be dispensed
with. And what will you tax in the place of for-
eign iron ? What else can you tax, if you cannot
tax the manufacture' What mineral production
i of a foreign country which is most abundant and
most necessary in your own ?
I agree with the Senator from Pennsylvania. I
can understand the proposition offree trade. It is
an intelligible theory, and at some future period
down the vista of years, it is probable that the
world will come to understand that universal free
trade is the wisest and most beneficent system of
fiscal administration for any Government, and for
f all Governments, and so far as that forms the prin-
ciple upon which this measure proceeds, I hail the
introduction of it here. But free trade involves not
one only, but two principles, not any absence of
imposts, but direct taxation to support the Gov-
ernment. I call, then, upon those who introduced
this measure of free trade to defend it upon that
principle, to carry it out on that principle, byjuring-
ing in a bill for direct taxation to an extent which
will replace the revenues surrendered. They will
do no such thing. I say.then, that it is a spurious
measure of free trade to relinquish the duties upon
the introduction of iron, and yet supply no equtva-
1 lent by either retrenchment or direct taxation. It
i must result in one of two things; in the creation of
a national debt, or the impairing of the strength
! and vigor of the Government.
This is a proposition to remit the duty on rail-
road iron. It seems to me objectionable, on the
principle to which I have alluded, that it disturbs
the general adjustment of the revenues upon all
the business interests of the country. In other
words, it is unequal, and therefore partial and un-
just. The burden of the measure must fall upon
a few States, and upon a few citizens in those
States—upon a single class of laborers, and upon
capital invested in a single enterprise. What!
are you going to strike off $3,000,000 of the
$60,000,000 of revenue at the cost of two or three
States, and at the cost of one class of laborers,
and at the cost of capital invested in a single en-
terprise? Who will justify that? To rne this
question is as indifferent as to any other Senator
here; for whatever you do to favor railroad capi-
tal and enterprise will benefit my constituents on
i Manhattan Island, and throughout all the con-
nected towns and cities and rural districts in New
York. Whatever you do to stifle manufacture,
and quicken commerce at its expense, that will
inure more directly®o the benefit of the State
which I represent than to the benefit of the States
of other Senators who may vote for it. The city
of New York will bring in all your iron, and will
have all the profit upon the purchase and the ship-
ping of it; and not one of the hundred dealings
and transactions in foreign iron which will inter-
vene before it is fastened down on the railroad will
fail to pay a profit to the New York capitalist,
j broker, carman, or merchant. We, therefore,
with but little capital invested in iron production
j and manufacture, and with our capital chiefly in-
i vested in commerce, will have the first and great-
| est benefit of this measure.
j But although this consideration occurs to me to
reconcile me as readily as any one to what is pro-
posed, I cannot conceive it possible that any man
would ask me to vote to strike off $3,000,000 of
revenue at the cost of the manufacturer of railroad
iron without expecting that I would, in reply, ask
him, Why not strike it off from other iron—from
iron imported in some other form or for other use-
ful purposes—from iron used in the manufacture of
spades, hoes, plows, nails, ship-building, cotton,
1 woolen, and sugar manufactures, bridges, and
public as well as private architecture ?
Sir, no one will propose to strike off the duty
which is imposed upon the iron that is imported
for such purposes as I have mentioned, as well as
for making those articles with which the ingenious
mechanic and the plain country smith supplies the
family and farming wants of society. Every one
here would be ashamed to propose that, for the
same reason that I am ashamed and mortified
when a foreigner comes to my table and I am
obliged to own that the shovel and tongs and the
andirons at my fire-place, and the knives and forks
on my table, and everything else he sees and
touches, whether for use or ornament, is made by
the foreign mechanic and artisan, to the prejudice
of labor, industry, and art in my own country.
But I think it is a far deeper reproach against
our national pride, spirit, and patriotism, that we
should bring iron from abroad to make roads over
our own iron ore beds, and thus, with plenty of la-
bor, plenty of money, plenty of iron, and plenty
of coal, yield ourselves up to dependence not only
upon foreign money, but foreign enterprise and
foreign genius and skill. 1 am shocked by such a
want of nationality. What is the reason for it?
We want cheaper iron. Well, what is the reason
that iron is dear? Because the demand is great
and the supply small. Why is the supply small'
Because you have suspended the manufacture here
for several years. Now the manufacture is re-
viving in spite of you. Leave it alone—it will
regulate itself. Capital and labor and genius are
erecting the forges and kindling the fires, the ore
and coal-beds are giving up their treasures—you
will soon enough have railroad iron abundant and
cheap. It is only a question whether capital shall
build the workshops and employ laborers and art-
isans in Pennsylvania, in Maryland, in New Jer-
sey, in Tennessee, in New York, or whether the
workshop shall be erected and employ artisans on
the other side of the ocean. All your legislation
is entirely unnecessary, for where there is an in-
cessant demand there will be repletion, and reple-
tion will be followed by exhaustion, which again
results in an increase of the manufacture, until
the supply is adequate to the consumption.
I have adverted to the circumstance that you
discriminate against the capitalist and laborer,
who are engaged in producing and manufacturing
railroad iron, while you leave untouched the capi-
tal and the labor which are employed in the pro-
duction and manufacture of iron for other articles
of consumption. But can any man tell me what
reason there is why Pennsylvania and Maryland
and New Jersey and New York and Tennessee,
should bear the cost of this great reduction of
$3,000,000 in your revenue, while Louisiana shall
remain protected in her sugar production and man-
ufacture? But I will not be invidious towards a
production of agriculture in southern climes. Can
you tell me the reason why you still keep up your
duty upon the manufacture of wool and of cotton,
and single out this one iron interest, and this one
partial department of the iron interest and iron
labor? The reason is, that just now the Railroad
King wants iron; the iron-mongers have rights
indeed, but their rights must give way. They are
the weaker power.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will give way, I
will move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. I give way.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will not
adjourn. Let us have a vote on this amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to suggest to the
Senator from Virginia, the propriety of withdraw-
ing the amendment, and let us go on with the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill in the proper
way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) The motion to adjourn is not de-
batable.
Mr. BORLAND called for the yeas and nays
