1853.
TfflS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
909
oa the motion; and they war* ordered, and bong
taken, resulted—yaaa 16, naya 39, aa follow*:
YKAS—Miwwk. Ben, Butler, Chase, Clarke, Cooper,
dans, Ownoa, Pith, Qmrer, Jones of Thimii, Miller,
Penit, Pran, Sewanl, Soul*; aad Wade—16.
NAYS—-Wearo. Badgw, Barlaad, Bradbury, Bright, i
Brodbtad, Caa, Charlton, De Sauaaure, Dod(e of Wis-
consin, Downs, Fiupa trick, Foot, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, 1
HaoMoa, Baawr, Jans*. Jones of Iowa, Mailory, Mason, I
Martoa, Noma, P feel pa, Raak, SekMiaa, Shield*, Smith,
Sprttaace, Sumner, Underwood, aad Walker—32.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I waa exposing the injustice
of this proposition in regard to that class of labor-
ers, and of capitalists. The manufacture of rail-
road iron is exceedingly expensive. Large invest-
ments are necessarily made. Vast establishments,
bat nererthdess such as were necessary, were built
sosM year* ago, and were just put into successful
operation, when the plethora in the iron market
in Europe made such a reduction in the price, as
to deprive the American capitalist and the Amer-
ican laborer of fair rewards. That has continued
until just now. During all this period, the capi-
talists and the laborers who have been engaged in
this business, have been appealing to Congress at
every session, and at every day of every session,
to give them protection against the foreign manu-
facturer. A deaf ear has been constantly turned
to them by Congress, and they have been left to
struggle with the foreign manufacturer as they
eootd, until now, when, without the interposition
of Congress, a favorable change of prices has
come, and they have just now begun to repair
their forges, to open anew their mines, to begin
anew the process of mining industry. It is at
this juncture, just as the cup, which by their own
effort they have grasped ana borne upwards, has
reached their lips, that Congress is invoked to in-
terpose and dash it to the ground. What is there
in the character of these miners, and these capital-
ists, and these laborers, that they, of all others,
should be singled out for such peculiar, such se-
vere, such discriminating injustice ? I see nothing.
Look at what their branch of industry contributes
to the public wealth. It is, next after agriculture,
the most essentia] element of wealth. Sir, there
have been many countries which have been im-
poverished by mining in gold and silver, because
they ran a rapid career of commerce, passing
through improvidence and luxury into national
decline; but from the beginning of tne world to this
day, there never waa a nation that was not strong,
energetic, prosperous, «id long-lived that drew the
resources of its wealth from its iron mines.
I wish now to address a word of caution to
those who think they have no particular interest
in this question, but who have an interest in other
departments of the national industry. We all
know the history of the tariffs of 1842 and of
1846—the history of the system of revenue upon
imports in this country. We know that it requires
the cooperation, the concerted action of all the in-
dustrial classes,and of capitalists of every descrip-
tion, to adjust and render equal, and to procure
the establishment of a system of imposts with any
view whatever, direct or indirect, to the protection
and encouragement of American industry. We
have heretofore stood together. We who were
for protecting iron have stood by the Vermont
fanner in protecting wool, and the Massachusetts
manufacturer in protecting the manufacture of both
cotton and of wool. We have stood by the cot-
ton-planter in protecting the manufacture of cot-
ton, and w* have stood by the sugar-producer in
protecting him against die competition of the other
sugar-growing regions.
Mr. DAWSON. Will the Senator tell me how
they have stood bv the cotton-planter?
Mr. SEWARlJ. My honorable friend from
Georgia is an exceedingly astute legislator and
political philosopher, ana 1 have no doubt, that if
left alone, he will work out that problem by_him-
self to his entire satisfaction. It is too late in the
day and too late in the session for me to be divert-
ed to collateral points in the argument.
Mr. President, the whole manufacturing interest
of the country is in danger, and it is in danger be-
cause we who are its friends are demoralized and
divided. Your railroad men have come and whis-
pered in the ear of the cotton-producer and the cot-
ton and woolen manufacturer, " We will just
make a small sacrifice of the iron of the miners
in Pennsylvania and New Jersey, and it will not
affect you in die least; but on the other hand, you
I will be all the better and all the stronger. Duties
i on other imports must continue." Mr. President,
' if thiais what they do in " the green tree," under !
the auspices of the specious doctrines of free trade
just coming in with the next Administration, 1
will tell you what they do in "the dry." In
the very next session of Congress they will come
with arguments equally strong and equally forci-
ble; and then the manufacturers of Lowell may
look to the safety of their spindles, and the sugar
and cotton growers of the South may look to the
safety of their sugar-fields. And the wheat growers
of Maryland, and the corn growers of Ohio and
Illinois, may look to the safety of their respective
cultures. We have no monopoly for iron, therefore
gentlemen may think we can import iron. Why,
sir, we have no monopoly of gold, and it is yet to
be seen whether gold will not be produced more
abundantly and more cheaply in Australia than in
California; and then I ask, as there are indications
that this is to be so, and labor is cheaper there,
and society is organized there upon principles of
greater economy, and there is access from Aus-
tralia more directly to India and China than there
is from the shores of California, who there is here
that would be willing to let the gold remain undis-
turbed in California Decause gold will be procured
cheaper in Australia? • The principle is precisely
the same. The sacrifice of golden revenues is less
ruinous than that of our wealth in iron.
, Mr. President, it is hard at best for the capital-
ist and the laborer to pay for the support of this
I great and expensive Government—a Government
which extends itself broader and broader, and at
an ever increasing expense, across this continent, I
and grasps, if not dominion, influence and power !
throughout both hemispheres. It is only just to
them that they should be consulted, and have no-
tice that you are going to adopt any measure which
may seriously affect theirinterests; and whatdo we
say here? Has any notice been given ? Has any
alarm been sounded from this Capitol, during the
three months we have been in session here, to the
miner in Pennsylvania, and Maryland, and New
Jersey, and Tennessee, giving him notice that the
Government was going by one speedy, direct act,
to suppress the branch of industry in which he is
engaged ?
Mr. .JONES, of Tennessee. Will the Senator
permit me to interrupt him ? He asks if any no-
tice has been given to the country on this subject?
I will inform him that notice was given, so far as
an intimation could give it, at the very beginning
of the session, by the introduction of a resolution
and its reference to the Committee on Finance, in-
structing them to report in'favor of this very meas- i
ure.
Mr. SEWARD. I suppose the country heard 1
that notice, and has governed itself accordingly. '
A resolution waa introduced by somebody in this
I manner, and referred, of course, to a committee,
which committee has never reported upon the sub-
■ ject at all. I apprehend the country has never un-.
derstood that this proposition would be brought
forward at all. Certainly in no part of the coun-
try has it been understood, except in the capital
at Richmond, in Virginia. But my honorable
friend's reply, if it is good in this case, will have a
: very extensive application. The country has had
i notice of a great many things at this session—a
i great many terrible things. It has had notice of
J our taking Cuba. It has had notice, too, that we
! were going to arrest all communication with Mex-
! ico, to open the Isthmus ofTehuantepec; but we
I have not done any such thing. The country and
all nations besides—" all the world and the rest
of mankind," I think the phrase is—have had no-
; tice that we were going to arrest colonization in
] the Bay Islands; and the country hat learned to
! understand the Senate and Congress of the United
States, and they understand that when a very great
noise is made, it is apt to be followed by a concus-
sion not at all adequate to the commotion of the
air which preceded it. So I say that the country
is taken by surprise by this measure; all the per-
sons engaged in this branch of industry are to be
taken by surprise. ...
But again: Do we suppose that we can disturb
so great an interest as this, and leave other inter-
ests unaffected ? I am sure that I am as liberal to
the new States as any one, but 1 warn gentlemen
of the old States that this is the beginning of a
system which is, if pursued, to result relatively in
depopulating the old States, to deprive them of
their capital and industry, and build up the inter-
mediate and western communities at their expense.
It will discharge I do not know how many thou-
sands of the manufacturers of Pennsylvania and
Maryland, and what will they do? Where will
they go? Will they stay in Pennsylvania to till
the rugged surface of the mountain, when they are
excluded from the mines which lie beneath that
surface ? No, sir. They must go west to make
railroads, and to dig for gold in California; and
when they are gone their places will not be sup-
plied. The foreign laborer comes here, and he
only touches at the gate, and then marches on to
make railroads and to dig gold on the shore of the
Pacific; and when the foreign and domestic laborer
and their capital have been put in motion, making
railroads and digging gold in California, the farm-
ers follow them, ana the prices of agricultural
productions diminish. You Duild up the West to
an unnatural growth. Every vote which I have
given here upon western interests has shown that
it has been given upon the principle of encouraging
the speediest possible settlement of the great west-
ern domain at every hazard and cost, common to
the whole country, not prejudicial to any one part;
but that growth, desirable as it is, must be one that
is regulated in harmony with the interests of the
Atlantic States. It is certain that just so sure as
you stimulate it to an excessive and more rapid
growth by affecting the vigor of the old States,
just so sure that growth becomes sickly, and will
result not only in decline in the East, but also in
decline in the West and throughout the nation.
The Atlantic States are the base upon which we
must erect this great superstructure of empire in
the West. We must make the base firm, solid,
broad, perpetual, if we would have a structure
which shall be endurable.
I ask, now, what is the apology for this ex-
traordinary measure ? It is that it will encourage
the making of railroads. Sir, I have spent my
life—what there has been of it spent in public ac-
tion—in encouraging the making of canals and
railroads. I am a friend to canals and railroads;
but I show my fidelity to them in adhering to them
when they are unpopular, and need help and sup-
port and patronage, and not when they have pat-
ronage so great as to be alarming for its effect, not
only upon enterprises of that class itself, but upon
the country itself. Do you know how many rail-
roads you are making ? You are making twelve
thousand miles of railroad in the United States al-
ready. You are making them so fast that you do
not rely upon your own resources for making them
at all, but you are selling the credit of individuals,
towns, counties, and States throughout the Union
in untold amounts, and constituting an aggregate
debt greater than any amount which any man ever
presumed it would be safe for this country to owe
id foreign countries. Your railroads are not now
made chiefly by subscriptions to their stock.
There are small substratum subscriptions; then
mortages on the road, then second mortages, then
third mortages, until the credit of whole commu-
nities is pledged and pledged to the English cap-
italist.
We are pledged in London for the cost of nearly
all our railroads; our capital is being diverted so
that there is no place in the United States where
there is not a railroad being made. There are
already half a dozen railroads from the point of
Lake Erie to the city of New York, all converging
there, because railroads have become popular and
profitable. So it is throughout New England,
and throughout the West. Now, it is not pos-
sible that the railroad enterprise in this country
can absorb capital in an excessive degree without
producing an injury, not only to that enterprise
and those subservient to it, but also injurious
to other enterprises which increase the vigor
and promote the progress of the country. Does
any man doubt it? What did we do ten years
ago when we embarked in building canals and
railroads so deeply, and pledged our credit so far
that the construction of every canal and railroad
had to be suspended? What happened in Eng-
land on a like occasion, but that a great railroad
king projected railroads all over the island, and
so much capital was invested in them that all at
once the bubble was pricked, and the whole rail-
road enterprise collapsed, bringing on general
stagnation and bankruptcy. That is the tendency
of things here now. I am not by habit a croaker,
but I can see that unless the National Govern-
