1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
911
railroad iron has been diverted. The forges are
standing still. What will you do? The country
will not pay this duty long. When the general
want requires a duty taken off from an article, the
people will have it so. They had it taken off
tea and coffee, and it could not be got back again.
Platforms will have to break, and organizations
dissolve, before the imperious demands of the peo- j
pie and the popular want. There never will be a !
time so favorable as the present, for the very rea-
son that the moment you consent to delay, the
state of things which is anticipated will commence;:
• that is, a new stimulus will be given to the manu-
facture of railroad iron, new manufactories will
spring up, and old ones which have been discon-
tinued, will commence again, and then, when you
come here twelve months hence, these works,
which are now so insignificant that they scarcely
manufacture twenty thousand tons in a year, will
have got up to fifty or even a hundred thousand
tons, and an immense amount of capital will be
invested in them, and there will be much more j
difficulty in accomplishing the removal of the j
duty. T therefore say, that if you are ever to
meet this thing, you must look it distinctly in the
face, and satisfy the demands of the people. I
"Now," to-day, is the very "accepted time."1
Having thrown out these suggestions, I will not
trespass any longer upon the time of the Senate.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. President, when I was !
up before, my remarks were abruptly .brought to j
a close by the withdrawal of the amendment of i
the Committee on Finance  I
Mr. HUNTER. I do not wish to prevent the i
Senator speaking, but I desire to make a sugges-
tion to my colleague. If it does not succeed, the
Senator can go on. It is so obvious that we can-
not go on with the appropriation bill, that I rise
for the purpose of appealing to my colleague to
withdraw his amendment.
Several Senators. The yeas and nays have
been ordered, and it cannot be withdrawn except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. MASON. I would yield to the request of
my colleague, who I know, as chairman of the
Finance Committee, feels that the d ischarge of his
duty with regard to the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill requires him to use his best exertions
to get it forward as fast as possible. But as I feel
bound to carry out the instructions of my State,
I must decline to withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Then I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. BORLAND called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
Pending the motion to adjourn, by unanimous
consent a message from the House of Represent-
atives was received, by Mr. Hates, Chief Clerk,
announcing that it had passed the bill from the
Senate to extend the preemption rights to unsur-
veyed lands, and for other purposes, with an
amendment.  
On motion by Mr. DOWNS the Senate refused
to concur in the amendment, and asked for a Com-
mittee of Conference.
Also, that it had passed the following bills from
the Senate:
4n act for the relief of Francis E. Baden;
An act to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue a register to the bark May, of Bal-
timore.
Also, that it had passed the following bills:
An act making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending the 30th of June, 1854;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance;
An act authorizing the Selectmen of the town of
Chelsea, in the State of Massachusetts, to lay out
and make a way on lands of the United States in
said town;
An act authorizing the issuing of a register to
the brig Boundary, and to change the names of
the steamers Roger Williams and propeller Onta-
rio; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
TOWN OF CHELSEA.
The bill from the House of Representatives
authorizing the Selectmen of the town of Chelsea,
in the State of Massachusetts, to lay out and
make a way on lands of the United States, in said
town, was read a first and second times and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to confer on the Selectmen of the
town the power to lay out a stree^not exceeding
fifty feet wide, over lands of the United States
north of the marine hospital, provided it can be
done without detriment to the public interest.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate, ordered to be read a third
time, and was read a third time, and passed.
COMMITTEE ON NAVAL AFFAIRS.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That ihe President of the Senate be directed to
appoint an additional member of the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. Charlton was appointed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn, resulted—yeas 28, nays
26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell, Bradbury, Bright, Brod-
head, Butler, Cass, Chase,Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Dawson,
De Suassure, Felsh, Fish, Geyer, Hamlin, James, Jones of
Tennessee, Miller, Pearce, Pratt, Seward, Smith, Soull,
Spruance, Underwood, and Wade—28.
| NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Borland, Charlton,
I Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Fitzpatrick,
j Foot, Gwin, Hale, Houston, Hunter, Mai lory, Mason, Mor-
I ton, Norris, Pettit, Phelps, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, Sum-
ner, Toucey, Walker, and Welter—26.
So the motion was agreed to; and
The Senate adjourn^.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 28,1853.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. C. M. Butler.
The SPEAKER. The question first in order
is the consideration of the motion made by the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Walsh] to sus-
pend the rules, so as to enable the Committee on
Invalid Pensions to report the bill of the Senate,
No. 227, entited " An actfor the relief of Frances
E.Baden."
REGISTERS.
Mr. HAMILTON. I would beg my colleague
to allow me to ask the unanimous consent of the
House for leave to take from the Speaker's table
the bill of the Senate No. 642, entitled " An act
to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue a register to the bark May, of Baltimore."
That bark is now ready to start on a voyage to
Brazil, and only waits for the passage of this bill.
Unless it be passed at this time, she will have to
lay over at Baltimore until the next session.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up
for consideration, and read a first and second time
by its title.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to submit an amend-
ment of a character similar to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The amendment can only
be entertained byunanimous consent.
Mr. HAMILTON. I demand the previous
question on the bill.
Mr. HAVEN. I will state to the gentleman
from Maryland that we passed a general law at
this session covering all such cases.
Mr. HAMILTON. This bill came to the
House from the Senate the other day, and I trust
that it may be passed.
Mr. DUNCAN. I would ask, Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The previous question having
been demanded, debate is not in order.
Mr. BROOKS. I shall not, as I intended, pre-
sent an amendment to the gentleman's bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill having been read through, it was or-
dered to be read a third time,and having been,ac-
cording to order, read a third time, it was passed.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbitry Dickins, Esq., notifying the House
that that body had passed the bill of the House
entitled "An act making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1854," with sundry amendments,in which
they asked the concurrence of the House.]
Mr. DUNCAN. I would ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to report from the
Committee on Commerce a bill entitled " An act
to authorize the issuing of a register to the brig
Boundary." The bill has received the unanimous
approval of the Committee on Commerce.
There was no objection, and the bill was re-
ported to the House, and read a first and second
time by its title.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following as an additional section:
Sec. 2. Jinil be it further enaeted, That the owners of
the steamboat Roger Williams be, and they are hereby, au-
thorized to change the name of the said boat to that of
El Paraguay ; and that the owners of the propeller Ontario
be, and they are hereby, authorized to change the name of
the said propeller to the Carrier Pigeon.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and being engrossed, it was, ac-
cording to order, read a third time and passed.
Then, on motion by Mr. DUNCAN, the title of
the bill was amended by adding thereto the fol-
lowing: " And to change the names of the steamer
Roger Williams and the propeller Ontario."
Mr. DOCKERY. I wish the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
I Resolved, That the President communicate to this House,
i if not incompatible with the public interest, copies of all
the correspondence which has taken place between this
Government and our Minister at Madrid, and between the
latter and the Spanish Government, on the subject of the
several expeditions by adventurers from the shores of the
United States against the Island of Cuba, and the capture,
punishment, and release of all prisoners in any way con-
nected therewith.
There was no objection, and the que|fion was
then put, and the resolution adopted.
Mr. WALSH. I now demand the considera-
tion of the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The question first in order
is the consideration of a motion to suspend the
rules so as to enable the Committee on Invalid
Pensions to report Senate bill No. 227.
FRANCES E. BADEN.
Mr. WALSH. The bill is for the relief of a
■ woman who is old, feeble, and blind, and I trust
that it Will meet with the favorable action of the
i House.
i The question was taken, and the rules were
i suspended.
| Mr. MARTIN, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported to the House Senate bill No.
! 227, entitled " An act for the relief of Frances E.
Baden."
The Clerk read the bill through.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time, and having been, according to order, read a
third time, it was passed.
PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take- from the
Speaker's table Senate bill No. 586, entitled " A
bill to extend preemption rights to unsurveyed
lands, and for other purposes."
There was no objection, and the bill was taken
up, and read as follows:
" Be it enaeted, t/c., That so much of the provisions of
the act, approved on the 4th of September. 1841, entitled
* An act to appropriate the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands and to grant preemption rights,' as prevents a
right of pre#mption from accruing to a person who shall
have settled, or who shall settle, on land not surveyed, or
on 'sections of land reserved to the United States, alternate
' to other sections granted to any of the States for the con-
' struction of any canal, railroad, or other public improve-
< ment,' be, and the same is hereby, repealed, and the right
of preemption is hereby granted to the person who, at the
passage of this law, is an actual settler on either of the
aforesaid classes of land, and who made the first settle-
ment thereon, and to the first settler who shall hereafter
settle on any tract of said lands not rightfully claimed by
any existing settler at the date of this act, as if the disabili-
ties removed by this repeal thereof bad never existed: Pro-
vided, That the settler on unsurveyed land shall give the
' notice' provided by law, to the register of the proper land
office, within three months after the filing of the plat of sur-
vey in said register's office; and the settler at the date of
this law, on any of the alternate sections above referred to,
shall file such ' notice' within three months from the date
of this act; and when he comes forward to consummate
his claim by filing the necessary proof, shall make payment
therefor at the increased minimum attached to the land
claimed : Provided further, That any settler Who has set-
tled, or may hereafter settle, on reserved lands, shall he en-
titled to all the rights of preemption granted by this act and
the said act of 4th of September, 1851, after the land shall
have been released from reservation in the same manner as
if no reservation had at the time of settlement existed."
Mr. BROWN. I move to strike out the whole
of the bill from the enacting clause, and insert the
following substitute, which I understand meets
with the approbation of thf friends and opponents
of the bill:
