914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
The next amendment was as follows: j
" For arrearages of expenses of Indian service in Texas, i
$1.0io 68.''
Mr. HOUSTON'. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the amend-
ments which were made by the Senate as addi-
tional clauses to the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend that these clauses be con-
sidered separately. They recommend a concur-
rence in some of them and a non-concurrence in
others.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
they are all reported to the House as one single
amendment.
Mr. JONES. They were offered in the Senate
as separate amendments, and 1 submit that they
should be considered separately.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks they
were reported to the House as one single amend-
ment, but if the committee choose to consider them
separately, he sees no objection.
The first additional clause was then reported, as
follows, viz: .
" For payment of arrearages due to the chief clerk of
the Rureau of Yards arid Jloeks, on account of salary, as
prowded l>v the act of 3d March, 1851, restoring the same
to that paid the chiefclerk of the late Navy Board, $l,7tjti "
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
The next amendment was the following, viz:
<c For arrearages due to the chicf clerk of the Bureau of
Construction, Equipment, and Repairs, on account of sal- 1
arv, conirnenci My \\ itii the fiscal year lo.5l, the t-urn of £'600 ;
and that the salary of the chict clerk of that Buieau shall
hereafter be $1,700 pj>r annum."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and .Means also recommend a non-concurrence in
this amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in by the committee.
The next amendment was as follows, viz:
" For payment of arrearages due to David Finch, as super-
intendent of the painting the exterior walls of the Patent
Office and Treasury Buildings, $117 50.-'
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in this
amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment 1
was concurred in by the committee.
The next amendment was as follows, viz:
" For repairs of vessels employed in the coast survey,
$10,000."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in by the committee.
The next amendment was as follows, viz:
" Foi services rendered by the clerk in the General Land
Office charged with the superintendence of the Chickasaw
Indian business, from the -J;id of May, 1837, to the 28th of
February, 1K5I, at.v250 per annum, .^3,437 50."
Mr. BAYLY. 1 would like to inquire why
this claim has not been brought forward before?
Mr. HOUSTON. It was proposed'by a mem-
ber of this body when this bill was before under
consideration in this House, but was voted down.
It was put in, however, by the Senate, and a ma-
jority of the Committee on Ways and Means have
agreed to recommend a concurrence by the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the amend-
ment will he voted down. I think it is not a
proper amendment, and that there is something
wrong about it. Has that amount not been paid
before out. of the Chickasaw fund?
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in by the committee.
The next amendment was as follows, viz:
(tTo supply a deficiency in the contingent expense? of
the office of the Secretary of the Treasury for the fiscal vear
endmi; I 9'h June, 1H53, .<(,3,000.v
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means agreed to recommend a concurrence in
that amendment. Since the action of that com-
mittee, howevflN have examined into the papers
relating to the Subject, and I desire to bring the at-
tention of this committee to one or two very small
matters connected with it, and which are included
in, and make a part of the amendment.
This amendment embraces two items which I
will state. One is for the transportation of Med-
iterranean passports and sea letters, and the other
is for carrying the Department mails, both items
amounting to $450. They are small items, to be
sure, but I feel it my duty to state to the commit-
tee that from information I have derivi d as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Ways and Means, about
which there can be no doubt, there is no such ser-
vice known as the transmission of Mediterranean
passpoi ts and sea letters. In reference to the other
item, by which one of the clerks in the Treasury
Department is to receive §150 or §200 for carrying
the Department mail, I have to say that there is no
such separate service performed. It is used here
merely for the purpose of giving an additional
compensation to the messenger who performs
that duty. It is now the duty of one of the mes-
sengers of the Treasury Department, who receives
5^700 per annum, to carry the mails of the Depart-
ment, and for this he gets his iegu!arsalary. The
only effect of this item, therefore, will be to in-
crease his compensation $200. 1 think both these
items should not be put in, and I therefore move
to reduce the appropriation $450.
The question was taken, and Mr. Houston's
amendment was agreed to.
The question was taken upon concurring in the
Senate amendment as amended, and it was agreed
to.
The next amendment was the following:
" For repair of damages to, and improvement of Lafay-
ette square, *l,L2r8."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concui ed in by the committee.
The next amendment was as follows:
" For the erection of the necessary building for making
and providing i:as, and fitting the pipes [or distributing it at
the Nava! Acad, im at Annapolis, .-o.'rVJn.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in this
amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate was the
following:
'■ For compensation of the United States assayer at San
Francisco, California, from the 1st of January, 1852, to the
30th of June, 1353, ,*7,500."
Mr. HOUSTON. That amendment is neces-
sary to carry out the provisions of an existing
law, and the Committee on Ways and Means rec-
ommend a concurrence.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
The next amendment in order was the follow-
ing:
" For t°mporary clerk hire in the office of the Auditor of
the Post Otlice Department, .*>1,000."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
The next amendment in order was the follow-
ing:
"For arrears of compensation due A. J. Downing for
services a« rural architect at the time of his death,
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee understand
tha' the amount contained in the amendment was
due at the time of Mr. Downing's death, and they
recommend that the amendment be concurred in.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
The next amendment in order was the follow-
ing:
For laving out and graveling the roads and walk-, pur
chafing manure and trees, and -eedmg dou >i in grass, tile
square soulh of the President's house, $1-2,000."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Committee
on Waysund Means recommend a concurrence
in that amendment, and I desire to offer an amend-
ment to it before it is disposed of. I move to in-
, sertafter the word "grass,"the words " and for
' paying any balance which may be due for work
heretofore done on."
The question was then taken on the amendment
j of Mr. Jones to the amendment, and it was
' agreed to.
The question then recurring on the amendment
i of the Senate as amended, it was put, and ue-
), cided in the affirmative.
I! So the amendment was concurred in.
The next Senate amendment in order was the
following:
For providing proper foundations for the custom-house
at Wan Franci-co, authorized by the sixth section fit the net
entitled ' \n act to supplv deficiencies in theapprn|,nations
for the sen ice ol the fiscal year ending June 3U, 1650,'
and ill add.noil to the sum of ^10,000 heretofore appro,
priated, .*2j,o(IO "
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was non-concurred in.
The next amendment was then read, as fol-
lows:
" For fuel and quarters for officers of the Army serving
on light hou^e duty, the payment of which is no longer
made by the Quartermaster Department, $'2,311 27.''
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee recommend
a concurrence in that amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 propose to amend that amend-
ment by inserting, after the words " light-house
duty," the words " under the authority of the
Light-House Board."
I like to make a record as I go along. I said
last year that the expenses for this service would
be increased by the Light-House Board. The of-
ficers of the Anny are brought into this service
under their authority. I move the amendment,
because I believe it important, and I make it to
verify what I said last year, that the Light-House
Board would increase the expenses of the light-
house system.
The question was taken on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Brooks, and it was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment of the Senate as amended; and, being put,
it was decided in the affirmative.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment in order was the follow-
ing:
" For deficiency in the fund for purchasing light-hous«
supplies, ,^6,200."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
The next Senate amendment was as follows:
" For the reappropriatiou of .$754 40, being a portion of
the amount heretofore appiopriated for the erection of a
custom-house at Kastport, Maine, and carried to the sur-
plus fund on the 30th of June. 1852."
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to
amend that amendment by adding the following:
And the unexpended balance uf the appropriation by the
act of June 19, 1834, for the payment of Georite MaMi,
which has passed, by subsequent acts, into the surplus
fund, be, and the same is hereby, reappropriated.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish the gentleman would
explain that amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS. The amount was specified
in the original appropriation, and this amendment
does not propose an additional dollar. It onlv re-
appropriates the unexpended balance, which is
not more than three or four hundred dollars; the
exact amount I do not recollect.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Stephens, and it was agreed to.
Mr. BOCOCK offered the following amendment
to the amendment:
For the reappropriation of a balance of an appropriation
made by the act of the 27th of April, 1 y 16, as prize money
due to the captors of the Algerme vessels taken by the
American squadron undt r the command of Commo-Jore
Decatur, and afterwards restored to the I)ev ol V^ier*.
$123 73, to be paid to Sarah Morris, only heir of Robert
Mitchell, deceased, late midshipman on board of the lTnited
states ship Guerru re, as the share of the said itobert Mitch-
ell in the prize money aforesaid.
Mr. BOCOCK. A word of explanation of this
amendment, and I am sure no one will object to
it.
Many Members. All right.
Mr. BOCOCK. Then I will not detain the
House with explanations.
The question was taken upon Mr. Bocock's
m endment, and it was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment of the Senate as amended.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Before the
question is taken, I offerthe following amendment:
And that so much of the nppropriation mad^ in l!?n2 fVir
the survey of th«^ riv^r, in Mi-M^inpi, a- mav
not be necesearv for that purpose he apphed to the rpim val
of the bar at the nmuth or'^aui riv^r.
f desire to say a single word in explanation.
Mr. TOOMBS. I rise to a question of order.
; 1 submit that the amendment is out of order. It
i proposes to take the money appropriated to one
