1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
915
object and apply it to another and entirely new
purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair entertains the
opinion that the amendment proposed has no con-
nection whatever with the subject of the amend-
ment before the committee, and therefore rules it
out of order.
Mr. BROWN. I do not believe that I shall
ever get the Pascagouia provided for.
The question then recurring on the amendment
of the Senate as amended, it was put, and the
amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment in order was the follow-
ing:
'• Tor balance dne Levi Johnson, for the site for marine
hospital at Cleveland, Ohio, $'i,396."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
The next amendment was as follows:
" For payment of salaries of deputy surveyors at Boston,
New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and New Orleans,
.$3,500, and the salary of said officers shall be 38,000 per
auutiui, commencing on the 1st day of July, 1852."
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Will it not now be
in order, Mr. Chairman, to offer, as an amend-
ment to this amendment, the proposition offered
by me some days ago, to regulate the fees of
officers ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is impossible for the
Chair to decide that question unless the gentle-
man sends up his amendment, so that the Chair
may see what it is.
The question was then taken upon the Senate
amendment, and it was concurred in.
The next Senate amendment which came up in
order was the following:
" To pay Walter S. Burges (late district attorney of the
State of Rhode Island,) the sum of $5S4 80, being in lull
for his services and money paid out in defending Captain
Simonds, of the brig Casket, by order of John Y. Mason,
late Secretary of the Navy."
Mr. HOUSTON. This is money due under an
arrangement made by Mr. Mason, while Secre-
tary of the Navy. Itis recommended by the De-
partment, and is for the pay of services rendered.
The Committee on Ways and Means recommend
a concurrence in the amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
The next amendment in order was the follow-
ing:
" For additional allowance to E. S. Norris, the sum of
$2,360 34, and to George R. Stuntz the sum of $1,958 50,
additional allowance made to them asdeputy surveyors un-
der the surveyor general of Wisconsin and Iowa, and in
accordance with tbe recommendations and estimates of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and the Secre-
tary of the Interior, dated respectively on the 11th and 14th
of February, 1853."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means have recommended a non-concurrence
in that amendment for the reason that the two indi-
viduals mentioned in the amendment were survey-
ors, and made their survey contract with the sur-
veyor genera], and after,they had performed the
work, they reported to him that their contract was
an unprofitable one, and he proposed to give them
the amounts stated in the amendment in addition
to that stipulated in the contract.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
The Clerk then read the following amendment
of the Senate:
•'For payment of the amount due Thomas W. Lane,
upon three several draftsdrawninhisfavorby G. W. Bar-
bour, Tndian agent in California, upon R. McKee, disburs-
ing agent, for transportation, supplies, and labor furnished
said agent upon special contract, while treating with the
Indians in said State, $3,825."
v Mr. PHELPS. The Committee on Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in this amend-
ment of the Senate. I will state that these sup-
plies were furnished by Mr. Lane for the subsist-
ence of the Indians in California whilst the agent
of the Government was negotiating treaties with
them. It does not relate to the enormous expend-
itures paid by the commissioner for the purpose of
fulfilling the treaty stipulations with these Indians.
Mr. HAVEN. Is this not an entering-wedge
to larger appropriations ?
Mr. PHELP3. No, sir; nothing of the kind.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
the Senate was concurred in.
The following amendment of the Senate was
read:
'■ For the services of a striker in the shop of the Dela- I
ware Indians, from August 1, 1823, to August 31, 18-2o; '
and tor the services of a smith and striker in the shop of '
the Senecas and Shawnees, of Lewistown, from 17hi No-
vember, 1833, to 11th Febiuary, 1838, deducting all amounts
paid lor such service during said period ; and for balance
due fur services on Seneca lnilldam, as estimated for by the
proper Department, $4,-2-29."
Mr. PHELPS. That is in accordance with the
estimates furnished by the Department of the In-
terior, as being an amount due an employee of the
Government. The Committee on Ways an(J
Means recommend a concurrence in it.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to know how
this matter has been delayed from 1823 up to this
time—a period of nearly thirty years?
Mr. PHELPS. In reply to the gentleman, I
have only to say that the Department of the Inte-
rior, in making out the accounts of the blacksmith
who was employed by these Indians, states that it
appears from the books of the Department this
amount is due to this person. The reason he was
not paid was from the fact that during a portion of
the time these Indians were without an agent at
all, and there were also changes in the office of the
Superintendent of Indian Affairs.
Mr. LETCHER. It seems to me that the gen-
tleman's explanation does not help the matter at
all. There have been various superintendents
between 1833 and this time, and it appears that
none of them have called the attention of the Gov-
ernment to this amount. It is now brought to the
attention of the House by overhauling old accounts,
and by the report of the Department of the Inte-
rior. It does not appear that this man ever claimed
1 this compensation at all.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to state a fact. If the
committee are going to grant this on the idea that
it is on the books, they may, on the same ground,
vote away millions of dollars. Oftentimes inter-
est was not discharged on debts, and Congress
for more than twenty years has refused to pay in-
terest. The balances on old exhibit books are not
| always correct. There is a large balance against
j Benjamin Franklin for his account in Europe, and
; you may find them against many individuals, be-
cause they were not posted up.
Mr. LETCHER. This whole clause seems
! to be made up of items of this sort. After the
striker for the Delaware Indians from 1823 to 1826,
I we have next an item for the smith and striker of
( the Senecas and Shawnees from 1833 to 1838.
| These old claims run far back, and there is no
i evidence, it seems to me, to satisfy the committee
that they ought to be paid. I hope, therefore, that
the amendment will not be agreed to, for the rea-
son stated by my honorable friend from Georgia.
If we commence in this matter there is no telling
what sum of money we will have to pay before
we are done.
"Sir. PHELPS. The claimant is a resident of
New Mexico, but he >• now in this city. The
claim" was'presented at the last session of Congress
to the office of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
On an examination of the accounts, it appeared
that this amount stated in the amendment of the
Senate, was actually due him for his services. A
committee of the Senate also investigated the case,
and they reported that this amount was due
him. We were bound by treaty stipulations to
furnish those tribes with strikers for their black-
smiths, and if the money had been paid, the books
would have shown that fact. If the books of the
Department do not show the disbursement of the
moneys which we are obliged to pay by treaty
stipulations, all I have to say is that they are not
properly kept. The Government, as I have stated,
was to furnish a striker to these Indians. The
agent certifies that the s rvices were discharged by
this man. The correspondence of the Depart-
ment shows the same fact. Hence it would ap-
Eear that the claim is a just one. The reason it
as not been allowed before, has been'in conse-
quence of an irregularity in some of the papers.
Mr. MARTIN. The books of the Department
may show it, but how are the facts of the case?
Is it gupposable that a laboring man would wait
for his pay for a quarter of a century, and he be
peaceable about it ? To me it is not reasonable,
and unless some better reason than has yet been
given be advanced, I cannot support the amend-
ment.
Mr„ LETCHER. The other item is about the
Seneca mill-dam, and I should like to know when ,
that was completed ? I
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was nonconcurred in.
The Clerk next read the following amendment
of the Senate:
61 For compensation of members of the House of Repre-
sentatives, for the year eliding June 30, 1853, iu addition to
appropriations heretofore made, $3,840."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend the adoption of the follow-
ing as an amendment to the Senate's amendment:
After the word " of,'' strike nut the words '■ members of
the House of Representatives for the year • tiding June 30,
1853, in addition to appropriations heretofore made," and
insert in lieu thereof the wards "five member.-- of the
House of Representatives appointed a committee of inves-
tigation upon all facts touching the connection of Thomaa
Corvvin, Secretary of the Treasury, with the Gardiner
claim, and authorized to sit during the recess between the
first and second sessions of the present Congress, tbe sum
of", and after *' 3,840," insert the words, "or so much
thereof as may be necessary."
The amendment is a very simple one. It speci-
fies those who are to receive the money, and the
services for which they are to be paid.
I have received the following estimate from the
Sergeant-at-Arms of the House:
For compensation of members of the [Ioit^e of Repre-
sentatives for the year ending 30th .lime, 1853, in addition
to appropriations heretofore made, $3,840.
The foregoing is necessary on account of the payment of
five members of a committee of the House, authorized to
sit during the recess, $768 each.
A. J. GLOS3BRF.VVER,
February 15, 1853. Sergeant-at- Jlrms, II. It.. U. S.
I understand that the members of that commit-
tee have claimed their per diem during the time
they were here, and in the discharge of its duties.
A Member. How many days did they sit ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know, hut by di-
viding seven hundred and sixty-eight by eight,
the gentleman might find out.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to
amend the amendment, as follows:
Or so much therefor as mav be nece«ary to pay said
members, respectively, eight dollars per day for ihe period
they were detained at Washington in the discharge of tbe
duties of their appointment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will say to my friend from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] upon that subject, that
the members of that committee are not entitled to
any more under existing laws than this amend-
ment proposes. "I take it for granted that no mem-
ber of the committee will charge for any day the
committee was not in session and were not de-
tained here. When he charges by the day he
charges $8, and he cannot get any more if he is
honest.
Mr. STEPHENS. The estimate is, for the
whole amount, #768 for each member. If you
pass this appropriation, you sanction this chtyjge
for the whole interval between the expiratio™of
the last and the commencement of tbe present ses-
sion of Congress. I wish to limit It.
Mr. HOUSTON. The timeis ninety-six days.
Mr. STEPHENS. We adjourned on the 31st
of August, and we met again on the 6th of De-
cember, making an interval of ninety-six days.
Mr. HOUSTON. T"is estimate is furnished
the Senate by the Serjeant-at-Arms, who is pre-
sumed to know about it. I should like some mem-
ber of the committee to state the facts in regard
to this matter. I do not know anything in regard
to the matter except what I tret from the officer of
the House whose business it is to furnish the es-
timate. I take it for granttd that no member of
that committee will charge for any period of time
other than that while he was here in (he discharge
of his duty. If he does charge for the time, he
will be entitled to eight dollars a day and no more.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have not con-
versed with any members of that committee, but
there is one of the members of that committee, the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] will rec-
ollect, from Texas, [Mr. Howard,! who, being
detained here from the adjournment for some time
after, could not by possibility go home and return
in time for the next session. I suppose the gen-
tleman from Georgia does not intend that they
shall be limited to the time the committee actually
met, and not allow them for the days when they
adjourned over at an interval of two or three davs.
Mr. STEPHENS. I meant only to confine
them to the time in which they completed the
work. . ..
Mr. JONES. That is what the committee
would admit.
