916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
Mr. STEPHENS. Then there can be no ob-
jection to my amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am informed that some of
the members have already received the $768.
Therefore I do not object to the amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.] If
they were not in session, they ought not to be
paid.
Mr. STEPHENS. It appears that my amend-
ment is very necessary, for it seems that the Com-
mittee on Frauds themselves are disposed to com-
mit a great fraud upon the Treasury, and I should
like to have an inquiry into it. It seems to be ab-
solutely necessary that we should watch our own
men whom we have set to watching other people.
I want to see the men who will rise in this House
and oppose the amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR. I liope the amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephen-s] will be
adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No one objects to
the amendment, and it will be received by unani-
mous consent.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Georgia receives the unan-
imous consent of the committee to offer his amend-
ment, and it is now a part of the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
H orsTOw]
The question was then taken on the amendment
as modified, and it was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of-Tennessee. Before the ques-
tion is taken upon the Senate amendment as amend-
ed, I propose the following amendment from the
Committee on "Ways and Means:
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
pay Peter Force and John C. Rives, for one hundred and
two copiesof the third volume of the fifth series or the Amer-
ican Archives or Documentary History of the United States,
for the new members of the House of the Twenty-sixth Con-
gress, one hundred and seventeen copies of the same volume
for the new members of the Twenty-seventh Congress, one
hundred copies of the same volume for the new members
of the Twenty-eighth Congress, one hundred and one copies
of the same volume for the new members of the Twenty-
ninth Congress, one hundred and sixteen copies of the same
volume for the new members of the Thirtieth Congress,
one hundred and thirty-four copies of the same volume for
the new members of the Thirty-first Congress, and one
hundred and thirty copies of the'same volume for the new
members of the Thirty-second Congress, in all eight hundred
volumes, at sixteen dollars forty-five cents and six mills per
volume,$13,162 40.
That is under a contract with Force & Rives
for the publication of the American Archives. I
am in hopes that this will be the last of the appro-
priation asked for.
The question was taken upon the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now offer this
amendment, to come in at the end:
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
pav for reporting and publishing eight hundred and fifty
columns of the proceedings of the House of Representatives
of tile seeondsession of the Thirty-second Congress, in the
Daily Globe, at $7 50 per column, $6,375.
This is reported from the Committee on Ways
and Means, and is to pay for the reporting in the
Daily Globe of the present session.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move this
additional section:
To enable the said John C. Rives to pay the reporters of
this House for this session the sum of §7 per column in-
stead of S-i for the reports of the Congressional Globe, the
sum of $3,000, or so much as may be necessary for that
purpose, and the Clerk of this House be authorized to pay
the same to said Rives for that purpose.
Mr. STANLY. We cannot well hear what is
going on in Ahis part of the Hall, and we should
like to have some explanation from some source
what this means.
Mr. STEPHENS. The committee can per-
fectly understand what it means from the reading
of it. ^ I will state that the object of the amend-
ment is to increase the compensation of the re-
porters of the Congressional Globe in this House,
$300, or $400, may be |500 for the session. We
pay them under the arrangement with Mr. Rives
for reporting in the Globe, at the rate of four
dollars per column. The object of the amendment
is to make it seven dollars per column, and simply
to increase their compensation for this session. I
would state to the committee, that I believe these
reporters do more work than any persons in Wash-
ington city connected with the Government. So
long as we keep up the reporting I am for paying
them more liberally than we now do, and the in-
crease of compensation now asked for is but a
small addition to their present compensation.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I intend to support the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens.] I objected the other day to the
proposition voting an increase of compensation to
the reporters, entirely upon the ground that it was
a change of the system. I wish the present sys-
tem kept up. I believe these reporters are not
.paid as well as they ought to be, and as I then in-
timated, I was willing to vote them an additional
compensation. 1 think this is fair and right. Our
reports are very good and these reporters do a
great deal of hard work. They will still be respon-
sible to Mr. Rives and to us for their work. I only
object to making them officers of the House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It does not
change their relations toward us. It only enables
Mr. Rives to give them an additional compensa-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My understanding
of it is, that Mr. Rives gets $7 50 per column and
he gives the reporters in his employ perhaps ^4.
That will leave him $3 50. The amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] will re-
duce the pay of Mr. Rives and increase that ofthe
reporters. It provides for $7 per column.
Mr. STEPHENS. This is an additional amount
of so much as will enable the Clerk to pay the ad-
dition.
Mr. JONES. My amendment was to pay Mr.
Rives.
Mr. STEPHENS. This also is to pay Mr.
Rives.
Mr. JONES. You specify that he is to pay
seven dollars to the reporters. That would leave
him but three dollars.
Mr. MARSHALL. Is the effect of this amend-
ment to pay the reporters more?
Mr. STEPHENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. STANLY. That will be in lieu of extra
compensation, and I shall not object to it.
Mr. TAYLOR. I must say to the committee
that I have voted for these things for six years
totally in the dark. I have listened attentively to
gentlemen who have offered these amendments,
hoping that they would state how much we pay
for printing, how it is done, and whether it is
economically done. I doubt very much the pro-
priety of furnishing twenty-four copies of the
Congressional Globe to each member of Congress.
Half the number would be plenty. I am opposed
to it. I believe we pay twice the amount neces-
sary for Congressional printing. I should be
glad to see it abolished altogether, and if the
gentleman from Tennessee will state how much
in the aggregate is paid for Congressional printing
and official reporting, I would be much obliged to
him.
Mr. JONES. It is impossible for me to do it.
I have never voted for any of these appropriations.
I cannot go back five or ten years and state what
has been paid during that time. But these amend-
ments will show what is asked for at this session,
and the laws will show what amount has been ap-
propriated. If gentlemen will look back to these
laws, they will see the enormous amount the
printing and reporting has cost them.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is that amendment amend-
able now?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not—being an amend-
ment to the amendment.
| Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I dislike
very much to make opposition to this amendment,
! but really it does seem to me that if this commit-
! tee design to deal out even-handed justice to all
; portions of this Government, and unless they mean '
to interfere with private contracts, they ought not j
! to pass this amendment. I understand that these
gentlemen have been employed by Mr. Rives by
contract, and here is an amendment proposing to
pay them more than Mr. Rives has contracted to
pay them. If I am misinformed as to the facts of
the case, I desire to be corrected. If it is the policy
of Congress to pay these gentlemen more than they
have heretofore received, why do so. But when
these gentlemen have come forward voluntarily,
and made a contract with Mr. Rives 
Mr. TOOMBS. This amendment gives Mr.
Rives an additional amount to enable him to pay
his reporters a larger sum. It does not interfere
with his contract at all.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire information. Is
it contemplated that this provision shall have a re-
trospective effect ?
Mr. TOOMBS. It provides for this session only.
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, for this session.
Mr. STEPHENS. It is to enable Mr. Rives to
pay the reporters seven dollars a column instead of
four dollars a column, which he now pays them.
It does not violate the contract at all. It only en-
ables him to pay them a larger amount than he
now does.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I am not misin-
formed. I understand the effect will be to enable
Mr. Rives to pay these gentlemen a proposed
amount, having a retrospective bearing. Now 1
am opposed to that. If it is the policy of this
House to pay these gentlemen more than you have
heretofore paid them, do it. But when you take
these reporters and pay them as you pay the other
officers of the House, you will divide the respon-
sibility; you will have Mr. Rives responsible for
the printing of the debates, and half-a-dozen re-
porters responsible for the manner in which the
reporting is done.
Sir, my opinion is that we had better hold on
to the old policy. But this being an extraordinary
year for experimenting and progress, I am pre-
pared to expect this committee to do almost any-
thing. I shall vote against the amendment, be-
lieving, as I do, that these gentlemen ought to be
perfectly satisfied with the compensation which
they are now receiving. Reporting is their occu-
pation. It is a business which they undertake in
preference to any other. If they are not satisfied
to work for Mr. Rives for the prices which they
agreed upon, let them quit reporting and go to
some other business. I hope the committee will
vote down the amendment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stephens's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I offer the follow-
ing as an amendment to the Senate amendment:
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
pay a balance due for reporting and publishing the proceed-
ings of the House during the first session of the Thirty-
second Congress, being sixty-live columns and one line, at
the rate of $7 50 per column, $487 54.
That amendment is reported by the direction
of the Committee on Ways and Means. It is to
supply a deficiency in the appropriation to pay
for publishing and reporting the proceedings of
the last session, in the Daily Globe, at $7 50 per
column.
The question was taken upon the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I offer the follow-
ing amendment to the Senate amendment:
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
pay for twenty-four copies of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix of the second session of the Thirty-second Con-
gress for each member and Delegate in the House, $17,064 ;
and for binding the same, being five thousand six hundred
and eighty-eight volumes, in strong and substantial half-
biudmg, with Russia backs and corners, at a rate not ex-
ceeding sixty cents per volume, $3,412 80.
That amendment is also from the Committee on
Ways and Means, and is to pay for the Congres-
sional Globe and Appendix for the present session
for the members of this House, and the Delegates
from the Territories.
The question was taken upon the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. GORMAN. I offer the following as an
amendment to the Senate amendment:
" For paying the expenses of David Dale Owen's Geo-
logical Report from Philadelphia to Washington, for one
hundred and seventeen boxes and porterage, $99 45 ; for
insurance $90; for freight on one hundred and seventeeu
boxes, $146."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That cannot bein
order as an amendment to this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee raise a point of order?
Mr. JONES. I do.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order. It has no connection
with the Senate amendment.
Mr. GORMAN. I understand that the amend-
ment is about printing.
Mr. JONES. It is to pay for reporting and
printing the debates.
Mr. GORMAN. This is one of the incidents
of bringing printing from Philadelphia. If the
amendment is not in order here, it is not in order
anywhere.
The question was then taken on concurring in
