1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
917
the Senate's amendment aa amended, and it was
decided in the affirmative. !
So the Senate's amendment aa amended was 1
concurred in.
The Clerk then reported the twenty-fourth
amendment of the Senate, as follows:
" For this amount of money appropriated, and foods par-
chased under treaty stipulations, for the Lake Chippewa
Indians lately destroyed by fire, ai the ajency of said In-
dians, $15,l OI>: Provided, That the Commissioner on Indian
AlAir* i* hereby author! ted to purchase said goods in open
Market, withoat the usual notice in such cam required by
law."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment. It is to supply the place of goods
which the Government was bound to furnish to
the Indians, but which were lost by fire.
Mr. TOOM BS. I should like to know the rea-
son for that proviso.
Mr. HOUSTON. The object of it is to enable
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to procure the
goods at an early period so as to comply with the
treaty. If the usual notice has to be riven, the
goods cannot be obtained and got to the spot in
time to comply with the requirements of the
treaty.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of the Senate was concurred in.
The Clerk then reported the twenty-fifth amend-
ment of the Senate, as follows:
"To section three, which is as follows:
Sic. 3. And be it further enacted, That hereafter no
< books shall be distributed to members of Congress except
*soch as are ordered to be printed, ax public documentary
* the Congress of which they are Members;'
aid the followiag proviso:
" Provided, Hot thvs sectien shall not prohibit or inter-
fare with the distribution to members who have heretofore
received books under an order of either House, of the re-
maining volumes or parts, so aa to complete the sets of
which they have received part."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a nofi-concurrence in that
amendment.
Mr. SCHERMERHORN. I offer the follow-
ing as an amendment to the Senate amendment,
to come in at the end thereof:
After the word " part," in eighth line, page twenty, sec-
tion three, add:
That to enable the Clerk of the Home of Representatives
to procure the printing and binding of ten thousand copies
of the report of Captaia H. Stansbary, including the maps
and plates of thesurvey of the valley of the GieatSaMLake,
for distribution to the members of this House,
Also, to enaMe the Clerk of the House of Representatives
to procure ten thousand copies of the second part of the re-
port of Messrs. Poster and Whitney, including the maps
and plates, upon the mineral regions at hake Superior,
$16,500.
Also, to purchase two hundred and fifty copies (in /bur
volumes) of Edwin William's Statesman's Mannal, <>1,750.
Also, to enable the Secretary ef State to purchase one
thousand copies of the Synoptical Iadex of the Statutes at
Large, to be distributed in the same manner as the first eight
volumes were distributed older the act of August, 1846,
£8,500.
Also, to enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives
to purchase twenty thousand copies of the letters of Lieu-
Usaiit Maury, upon the river Amazon and its sources,
*,500.
Also, to enable the Clark of the Honse of Representatives
to porchaae three handled copies of Lowing "a Field Book
of the Sevolution, half-bound, $21,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I raise the ques-
tion of order upon that amendment, that it is not
to supply a deficiency, and that it is not germane
to any part of this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Nothing is now in order
to this bill except amendments to the Senate's
amendment. This amendment does not relate to
the same subject as the Senate amendment, and
is therefore out of order.
Mr. SCHERMERHORN. Does the Chair
determine that the amendment is not germane?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
relates to a different subject from that to which
the Senate's amendment refers.
Mr. SCHERMERHORN. I appeal from that
decision. I hold that it is perfectly germane.
Mr. SACKETT. I ask that the provision to
which this is proposed as an amendment may be
read, that the committee may vote understand-
ing^.
The Clerk again reported the Senate's amend-
ment. ___
Mr. SACKETT. I perceive that is a Senate
amendment to a section of the bill providing for
the distribution of books among the members.
Now, it seems to me this amendment is clearly in
order to that provision.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether there is any law authorizing the
publication of these books?
The CHAIRMAN. Not that the Chair is
aware of.
Mr. LETCHER. Then theamendment is cer- I
tainly not in order.
The question now being, " Shall the decision of I
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?" J I
Mr. SCHERMERHORN demanded tellers;
which were ordered; and Messrs. Cabell of Flor-
ida, and Jonbs of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 70, noes 47—the Chair voting in the
affirmative to make a quorum.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment ruled out of order.
Mr. GORMAN. I move the following amend-
ment to the Senate amendment:
For pay in# the expenses of David Dale Owen's geological
report, from Philadelphia to Washington, for one hun-
dred and seventeen boxes, and porterage  45
For freight on one hundred and seventeen boxes... 148 00
For insurance '.  90 00
$335 45
Mr. Chairman, this would have been offered
to the deficiency bill originally, by the Committee
on Ways and Means, or some other committee of
this House, but for the fact that these boxes have
just been received. It is necessary that the in-
Burance, the cost of the boxes, and the coat of |
transportation should be paid; it is properly a !
deficiency. It should come in at some point, and |
I do not know of any point where it can come in ]
unless it is here. 
Mr. SACKETT. Is an amendment to the
amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
The question was then taken, and Mr. Gor-
man's amendment was adopted.
The question was then taken, and the Senate's
amendment as amended was agreed to.
The next amendment, was aa follows, viz:
" Sbc. 4. And be it fmrtktr enacted, That so much of
the section of the act making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending 30tb of J une, 1853, ap-
proved 31st August, 1852, as provides that" no portions of
the moneys appropriated by this act shall be applied to the
payment of aoy expenses incurred prior to file 1st day of
July, 1852," be, and the same is hereby, repealed, so far as
it relates to the appropriation for light-houses contained in
said act, except as to the light houses which have been con-
tracted for to be erected upon the Pacific coast."
Mr. STUART. I move the following amend-
ment to this amendment:
And that the Secretary of the Treasury lie, and he is here-
by, authorized to pay to John McKeyoolds SI,000 for ex-
penses incurred by him in removing (lie materials for the
construction of a light-house in the Stale Of Michigan, the
Department having changed the site after the said materials
were delivered at the site first selected.
I suppose there is no objection to that. The
amendment explains itself.
The question was taken, and Mr. Stuart's
amendment to the amendment was adopted.
The question was then taken, and the Senate
amendment as amended was concurred in by the
committee.
The next amendment was as follows, viz:
"Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the officers
appointed to assist the superintendent of the naval astro-
nomical expedition in Chili, directed by the act of the 3d of
August, 1848, Shall be allowed an increased compensation
in a ratable proportion, according to pay and rank, at the
time of departure from the United States, to the allowance
made to the said superintendent by the act of March 3,1851,
to be pud out of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in by the committee.
The next amendment was as follows, viz:
" Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the
provisions of the act entitled ' An act to establish a branch
of the Mint of the United States in California,' shall be con-
strued so as to prohibit the appointment of the assayer
therein authorized before the execution of the contract for,
and the completion of, the branch Mint buildings therein
authorized; but that the President is hereby-empowered to
appoint, in die manner prescribed by that act, an assayer
for said branch Mint in anticipation of the completion and
establishment thereof; that the Secretary of the 1 reasury
is hereby authorized to procure, by rent or lease, a building
or apartment*, and to lease, purchase, 01 rent machiner,,
in the city of San Fraociaco, suitable for the receipt, melt
ing, and away of deposits of gold, in dust or otherwise, an
for the custody of gold coin; and that thereupon the office
of the treasurer of the branch Mint aforesaid, ex officio As-
sistant Treasurer of the United States, as well as the office
of the assayer thereof, shall be established in such building
or apartments until such time as the said branch Mint shall
be completed. That the owners of gold bullion, in dust or
otherwise, shall be entitled to deposit the same with the
treasurer aforesaid, who shall give a receipt, stating the
weight and description thereof; and the said treasurer shall,
from time to time, deliver such bullion to the assayer herein
authorized, whose duty it shall be to melt the same, cast it
into a bar or bars, or disks, of suitable and convenient size
and form, to assay the same, and to stamp thereon the pro-
portions in thousandths, of the precious metal contained.
And thereupon, the said assayer shall return to the said
treasurer the bars or disks so melted and assayed, who shall
deliver the same to the depositor thereof, or his order. That
the said treasurer is hereby empowered to appoint, with the
approval of the Secretary of the Treasury, one clerk to aid
him in the receipt and delivery of bullion, the preparation
of accounts, and in such other duties as he may designate;
also, one weigher, to weigh such bullion, and such watch-
men and servants as may oe necessary in carrying on the
business devolved upon him. And the said assayer shall
have authority, with the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury, to appoint an assistant, and also such subordinate
workmen as may be necessary for melting and assaying
such bullion: Provided, That the annual salary of said
assayer shall be $4,500, and that to the said clerk and as-
sistant there shall be allowed such annual salary, not to
exceed $3,000 each, as the Secretary of the Treasury may
approve; to the weigher there shall be allowed, on like
approval, a salary not to exceed $3,000; and to the subor-
dinate workmen and servants such wages as are customary
and reasonable in their respective stations and occupations:
And provided further, That the said treasurer and assayer,
as well as the assistant assayer, clerk, and weigher, herein
authorized, shall, before entering on their respective duties,
take oath before some judge of the United States, or of the
State of California, for the faithful performance of their
respective duties, and shall also give bond, with one or more
sureties, to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and in such sums as he shall prescribe, conditioned for the
faithful performance thereof. That the general direction of
the operations herein authorized shall be devolved upon the
Director of the Mint, in subordination to the Secretary of
the Treasury; and it shall be the duty of the said Director to
prescribe such regulations and order such tests as shall be
requisite to insure the faithfulness and accuracy of the afore*
said officers in the performance of their respective djities. *
And that there is hereby appropriated, out of the money
heretofore appropriated for the establishment of a Mint in
California, so much as may be necessary for the purposes
of this act: Provided, That no contract be made for the
erection and establishment of the said Mint until furthei
i order of Congress: Jlnd provided further, That the lease
! of buildings herein authorized shall not be for a period of
; more than three years.
Mr. HIBBARD. Mr. Chairman, the Commit-
! tee on Ways and Means recommend a non-con-
currenee in this amendment, and I trust the rec-
i ommeadation of that committee will be concurred
in by this committee, unless they shall agree to
adopt an amendment which I shall offer to this
section as an additional proviso. I propose to
offer the following at the end of the Senate amend-
ment:
Jlndprovidedfarther, That the act entitled " An act to
establish a branch of the Mint of the United States in Cali-
fornia," be and the same is hereby repealed.
Now a word as to the history of the branch
Mint and assay office in California. By the last
Congress an assay office was established in Cali-
j forma, which was then believed to be sufficient for
{ all the purposes requiring legislation at that time.
| At the last session, however, a proposition was
] brought forward to establish a branch Mint, and
to abolish the assay office in California. Well,
j sir, the assay office was abolished and the Mint
! was established, and $300,000 appropriated for
i the purpose of its erection. That is now the law
j of tne land. But, as I understand from informa-
| tion which I have received from the Treasury De-
j partment, no contract has yet been entered into
J for the erection of that California Mint, and I am
not aware what preliminary proceedings, if any,
have been had. No contract has been entered
into, and we stand virtually in the condition in
which we were before the act establishing a Mint
there.
Mr. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman allow
me to correct him?
Mr. HIBBARD. If the gentleman wishes to
correct what he supposes to Be any error in state-
ment, I will yield to him with pleasure.
Mr. MARSHALL. I merely wish to correct
what seems to me to be a very essential error which
the gentleman has fallen into, in point of fact, in
regard to this assay office in California. The gen-
tleman speaks of that assay office being abolished.
Now, sir, that assay office is in active and con-
stant operation, as much so as it ever has been.
Although I know, as the gentleman says, that it
was the intention of Congress to repeal that insti-
tution, and relieve the people of California from
| one of the grossest and most oppressive frauds ever
