920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
thus to tempt the large holders of gold dust or bul-
lion who make their deposits to require returns to be
made to them in ingots, bars, and disks, subject
only to the actual expenses of casting1, and freed from
the additional expense of coining, when the great
body of the people of the country desire coinage, not
castings; that is, dollar pieces, quarter eagles, and
half eagles, that the act as it stands here subjects
to the full seigniorage of one half of one per cent.
Notwithstanding all this, I am in favor of the pro-
vision as it now stands, because it frees my peo-
ple from an enormous tax which the House the
other day imposed upon them; for it enables the
holders of gold in the city which I represent to
make their deposits and to require the return of
bars, ingots, or disks, and not in the costly coin-
age of the smaller pieces of gold. My constitu-
ents who can under the law make foreign coinage
a legal tender, will never subject themselves to one
half of one per cent, to have small American coins,
more especially when they can export bars and
ingots, assayed, refined, and parted at a small cost.
The whole thing is wrong; and I would get rid of
all of it if I could; but I am rejoiced to be relieved
from the part which immediately oppresses my
constituents.
At the proper time, when the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunham] is dis-
posed of, I will propose to exempt from this
seigniorage tax, the dollar pieces, quarter eagles,
and half eagles, in order to enable the people of
the country to have a circulation of small gold
coins among them, the better to take the place of
bank paper and bank notes, which are used now
more freely than they would be if the people were
supplied with small gold coins. The Mint has
been spending all its energies upon the double
eagles, ($20 pieces,) and what the bill does in ef-
fect, is to stop the coining of them for the casting of
bars and ingots. But it provides no popular cur-
rency; it gives the people no substitute for small
bank notes, but, on the contrary, directly favors
them by giving a premium on the seigniorage on
gold bars against small coins.
I do not, from the hasty reading, quite compre-
hend the amendment of the gentleman from In-
diana, and I am glad to see that he is about to rise
to make some further explanation of it. It is
dangerous to legislate on the currency by passing
amendments only read at the desk in the noise
and confusion of the House, and I should be
happy to hear the gentleman's explanation.
Mr. DUNHAM. The proposition contained
in the amendment I propose is a very simple one.
It provides that the actual cost only to the Gov-
ernment of manufacturing disks, bars, or ingots,
shall be charged to the person for whose benefit
the manufacturing is done, so that the charge does
not exceed one half of one per cent. This is the
object of it. The law of last session establishing
the California Mint, authorized such a charge to
the full amount of such expense, without limita-
tion, to be imposed, as the gentleman has stated.
Whether that cost was one half of one per cent, or
two per cent., it would be charged under that law.
That is the reason why, during the last year, there
have been no bars or ingots manufactured under
that clause of the law, but the coinage has been
rather of the twenty dollar pieces, because the hold-
ers of the gold having it coined into twenty dollar
pieces can use them for their convenience as mer-
chandise as well as the bars and ingots, and they
had to pay no charge whatever upon the coins,
but would have had to pay the full actual cost of
the making the bars and ingots That is one rea-
son why there has been such an extensive coin-
age of double eagles during the last year.
I certainly do not agree with the gentleman from
New York in reference to taking off entirely the
seigniorage on the smaller coins, and for this rea-
son: If you amend this clause in the bill as I pro-
pose, you will then leave the manufacture of small
coin and bars and ingots and disks upon pre-
cisely the same footing; for as every gentleman
who has given attention to the subject knows the
average cost of coining the coins for general circu-
lation is fully one half of one per cent., and as bv
the bill passed the other day the charge cannot ex-
ceed one half of one per cent., therefore the charge
for coinage of these coins is what I propose to make
it upon the bars and ingots the actual cost by this
amendment. The man who has his gold coined
into small coins must pay the cost of the manu-
facture, and the man who has it coined into bars
or ingots should pay not more than the cost, be-
cause if he does, you see at once you take away
the very object which we had in view in imposing
this seignioiage—that is, to induce the holder to
have his gold and silver intended for exportation
made into ingots and disks. If the same charge
is imposed for manufacturing bars and ingots that
is imposed for manufacturing the small coin, or if
you manufacture the small coins for nothing while
you charge a percentage on the making into bars
or ingots instead of having the gold intended for
exportation carried into bars and ingots, they
will have it at once coined into the smaller coins,
because they will have to pay for it if carried into
bars and ingots, but will not if made into such
coins.
Mr. BROOKS. The point I wish the gentle-
man to understand is, that if you cast gold into
bars, ingots, or disks, it will be done very cheap,
and if you cast it into dollar pieces, quarter eagles,
or half eagles, the coinage will be dear. There-
fore you hold out a premium to the depositor of
gold, in making his deposit, to demand a return
of bars or ingots, and you tempt him to resist the
coinage of the smaller coin—the gold pieces, the
quarter and the half eagles—the consequence of
which is, that you will have, in the main, bars or
ingots coined, and you will not have the dollar
pieces, the quarter and the half eagles, which the
people desire, because that is the dear coinage and
the other is the cheap.
Mr. DUNHAM. That objection amounts to
nothing, for this reason: if gold is intended for ex-
portation it will go to the place where it is needed.
Mr. BROOKS. What right has this Govern-
ment, in regulating coinage, to make gold into
bars or ingots ? Any man can bar iron or sheet
copper.
Mr, DUNHAM. In that remark I agree with
the gentleman precisely. I think the Government
ought to have nothing to do with coinage, except
what is absolutely necessary for its circulation. I
think that all but that should be left, as other
manufactures are left, to individuals. But we
have not adopted that principle. If the gentleman
will bring forward a proposition to place our Gov-
ernment, in this respect, upon the same footing
as all the other Governments of the world, I will
go for it most heartily. I believe ours is the only
country in the world where gold is refined and
made into bullion by the Government.
Mr. BROOKS. The act which was passed the
other day is of so outrageous a character, that if
it stands as it is, there will never be any bars or
ingots cast at the Mint. It will be done by indi-
viduals, as bar iron and sheet copper are now
manufactured.
Mr. DUNHAM. If I was certain that that
would be the case, I should be perfectly satisfied,
because I think the Government ought to wash its
hands of gold refining and gold barring. As I re-
marked before, the United States is the only
country where the Government as a Government
carries on this kind of manufacture. Gentlemen
tell me the Government is paid for it. That is
very true. By the law as it now stands, they are
paid for it, and the only object of the amendment
which I propose, is to control the amount that is
to be charged to the depositors.
Mr. SKELTON. I have but a few words to
say in regard to this amendment of the Senate;
and I believe it is of sufficient importance to war-
rant us in examining it for a few moments. The
reasons which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] has given the committee why we
should pass this amendment, are the very reasons
which should induce every man in this House,
who is not a representative of the great commer-
cial emporiums of the United States, to vote against
the amendment. He says that in coining bars
and ingots, we charge only the cost, whereas in
coining gold for circulation, we charge half of one
per cent., and he says that if we charge so much
more for coining gold for circulation than for coin-
ing gold for export, the result will be that all the
gold brought into the country, will be sent to the
Mint and turned into bars and ingots, for the special
accommodation of the large shipping-merchants
of New York. Now, the question I ask this
committee is, whether we should legislate for the
benefit of the shipping-merchants of New York,
or for the benefit of the currency of the country?
I hope the amendment will be rejected for the very
reason urged by the gentleman from New York.
It i3 satisfactory to him because it suits the com-
mercial men of New York; it is unsatisfactory to
the rest of the country, because it fails to furnish
a currency, which is the great object of the Mint.
Now, if there is a uniform charge of one half of
one per cent., it makes no difference what is the size
of the coin. You will have such coins struck as are
demanded by the interests of the country, and the
laws of trade and currency. But if we charge less
per cent, on large pieces than on small ones, all
the gold will be struck in large pieces, and we shall
be deficient in small ones.
I agree with the gentleman from New York, that
this Government has no right to manufacture gold
into bars for the purpose of exportation. Theob-
ject for which the Mint of the United States was
established was to furnish to the country a circu-
lating medium useful to all the citizens of the coun-
try, and for that reason its operations have been
heretofore confined entirely to the coinage of gold
and silver for circulation.
Sir, I hope this amendment will be voted down,
for the reason that it is unequal—charging an un-
equal percentage upon equal quantities of gold.
In addition to this, I hope it will be voted down
because the gentleman from New York has ex-
pressly declared that it is for the special accommo-
dation of the shipping merchants of New York,
! and in opposition to the interests of the great
masses of the people of the United States. 1 shall
vote against the amendment, and I hope every
other gentleman will do so who thinks that a Mint
should be carried on for the benefit of the masses'
of the people, and not for the benefit of a few mer-
chants.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I differ from a good
many of the gentlemen who have addressed the
committee, with respect to the expediency of cast-
ing gold into bars and ingots. I do not read the
clause in the Constitution as some gentlemen seem
to read it. It declares that Congress shall have
authority to coin money.
Mr. BROOKS. Not to cast bars.
Mr. BAYLY. Yes, sir; if Congress sees fit to
cast its coin in that shape. The first metallic
money in the world was in bars, and iron bars, at
that. The meaning of the word " coin,"is to put
a Government stamp on it denoting its value.
Mr. TOOMBS. Without reference to theshape?
Mr. BAYLY. The shape in which it may be,
whether round or square, has nothing to do with
the question whether it is coin or not. Whether
it is coin or not depends upon the fact whether
its value has been attested by a Government stamp.
The very derivation of the word " coin" defines
what is meant by the word. Gentlemen have fre-
quently referred to the necessity of adding to our
currency double eagles, eagles, and quarter eagles,
and so forth. Now, if you wish to increase the
quantity of those coins, for the purpose of circu-
I lation—and they have urged the establishment of
Mints to accomplish the object—you cannot ac-
complish that object so effectually in any other
way as by casting the great mass of this Califor-
nia gold into bars and ingots. When it is thrown
into bars and ingots, it will be more convenient as
a basis for the banks of the country, than it is in
the smaller coins. It will be more convenient, too,
for the purpose of exportation. It will take the
place, in the vaults of the banks, and in the ex-
port of gold, of the smaller coins which will thus
be thrown into circulation, and retained in the
country. In the shape of bars, it is more conve-
nient for banks and for export, than in the shape
of eagles. It is easier counted, and there is less
danger of counterfeiting than in any other. For
, instance, take a bar of gold, and any one can as-
certain, with a pair of scales and a rule, its exact
value. If the dimensions are right, and the weight
is right, all is right. It is chemically impossible,
t with a large bar of gold, to commit a counterfeit.
; With any other metal, of less value, it is impos-
sible to make the size and weight correspond with
gold. If it have the size, it will be deficient in
weight, and if it have the weight, it will be too
large.
Sir, I utterly deny that under the clause of the
Constitution in respect to coinage, you are com-
pelled to cast the metal in a round shape or in
any other particular shape.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish to understand the point
made by the gentleman from Virginia. Do I un-
derstand him to say that it is not within the power
! of a State to cast bars or ingots, and to impress
