928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb 28.
judge of the district court of the United States for the dis-
trict of Texas, report, that alter the examination ot much
documentary evidence, as well as many witnesses sum-
moned fiom"Tr\as, the committee do not recommend that
articles of impeachment be directed by the House against
the said John O. Watrous.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is very evident that the
House is determined to have no evening session,
and I would ask that we now resolve ourselves
into the Committee of the Whole, and take up
the Army bill.
Mr. HALL. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON'. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committeeof the Wholeon the state of the Union,
(Mr. Harris, of Tennessee, in the chair.)
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up the amend-
ments of the Senate to the Army appropriation
bill.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The Clerk read the first amendment of the Sen-
ate, as follows:
" Add after the paragraph, ' For pay of the Army,
$1,814,759,' the following proviso : ' Provided, That the
military store keepers of tile Ordnance Department in Ore-
gon, California, and New Mexico, shall hereafter receive
the eaine pay that is allowed by law to the military store-
keepers and paymasters of that department in the Atlantic
States.' "
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee on Waysand
M eans recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment, with the following amendment:
"Substitute for the proviso, the following: Provided,
That the salary of the military store-keepers of the Ordnance
Department in Oregon, California, and New Mexico, shall
hereafter be .$*1,250 per annum."
Mr. PHELPS. The amendment as adopted
by the Senate would give them $1,250 per an-
nus. At the arsenals of construction, they receive
$1,251, at arsenals not of construction, but merely
v' deposit, they receive $850. In consequence of
rtigh prices of living there, the Committee on
Ways and Means recommend the adoption of the
amendment in lieu of the Senate's amendment.
Mr. EVANS. I do not know that 1 understood
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps.] I
think nothing can be plainer than the fact that the
salaries ought to be higher there than here. I do
not know how much higher they are rated, or
whether they are fixed properly. I think that we
should give these officers a little more pay than
we have been giving them, for they stand in need
of it.
Mr. DUNHAM. This is precisely what the
committee have done. We do not change the
amount of compensation, but we use a different
phraseology.
Mr. EVANS. I am glad the committee have
done so, and they are entitled to great credit.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Ways and
Means, and it was agreed to.
Mr. SWEETSER. I want to know whether
the amendments made by the Senate to this bill
have been printed, so that we may know what we
are acting upon.
The CHAIRMAN. They have not been
printed.
Mr. SWEETSER. I move that the committee
rise. There is no quorum here.
Mr. DUNCAN. I move to take up the light-
house bill. It is a bill which we can pass in a few
hours.
Mr. SWEETSER. I will agree to it if the
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means
desires it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. SWEE fSER. I will withdraw my motion
for the present.
The question was then taken upon the Senate
amendment as amended, and it was agreed to.
The second amendment was then read, as fol-
lows:
£t For the remaining four companies of lieht artillery au-
thorized by the act of March 3d, 1847, ,$"18,500 : Provided,
That the same be expended at the discretion, and by the
direction ot the President of tlie United States."
Mr. SWEETSER. I move that the committee
rise, and upon that motion I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the commit-
tee refused to rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to make a very
short explanation of that amendment. 11 proposes
to authorize the President of the United States to
mount fourcompanies of artillery, should he deem
it necessary to do so in any contingency whicli
might arise. Itis carrying outthe provision ofthe
law of 1847, which has not been executed hereto-
fore, and which it is now proposed to execute.
The committee propose to agree in the Senate
amendment.
Mr. EVANS. It so happens that the Committee
on Ways and Means and myself are again on
the same side, and therefore I have nothing more
to say.
Mr. STANLY. Then I am afraid we are
wrong. [Laughter.]
Mr. EVANS. Everybody sees that is left to
the discretion of the next President. I do not want
to go into a long argument, but I think I can give
a good reason why it should be so. I will say no
more than that, having looked into this matter, I
believe it is right.
Mr. STANLY. 1 thought it was wrong be-
cause he approved our conduct. [Laughter.]
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I want to know
something more about this amendment, and
whether there is some contingency upon which
they are to be called out.
M r. PHELPS. We have eight companies of fl y-
ing artillery and four regiments of artillery. There
are forty-eight companies, eight of which are flying
artillery. They have to be mounted. They were
mounted not long since, but were subsequently
dismounted, and we propose to remount them for
the purpose of defending the frontier, if the Pres-
ident thinks necessary.
The question was then taken upon the Senate
amendment, and it was agreed to.
The third amendment of the Senate was then
read, as follows:
" For the defense of San Francisco, California, $500,000.
" For continuing the defenses at the following torts, viz :
" Florida—Fort Jeflterson, at Gardon Keys or Tortugas
Island, )$100,000.
" Fort Taylor, Key West, $75,000.
" Georgia.—Fort Pulaski, including barracks and quar-
ters, ^20,000.
" South Carolina.—Fort Sumter, Charleston harbor,
#110,000.
" Maryland.—Fort Carroll, Sollers's Point, Baltimore
harbor, $50,000.
" Delaware.—Fort Delaware, Pea Patch Island, Dela-
ware river, %150,000.
" Maine.—Fort Knox, Penobscot river, $'55,000.
" Massachusetts—Fort Warren, Boston harbor, >£45,000.
" Fort Winthrop, Governor's Island, Boston, $29,573."
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I have an amend-
ment to propose in connection with that appropri-
ation for fortifications. It is known to this com-
mittee that I have been uniformly in favor of fin-
ishing our fortifications, upon which we had ex-
pended a large amount of money and which only
required a little more to finish them. The fortifi-
cation at Old Point, which is a fortification of the
first class, is the key to the whole Chesapeake Bay,
and the rivers emptying into it. It is one upon
which $2,300,000 have been expended. It is in one
sense completed, but the magazines there, so ne-
cessary to the efficiency of a fortification, are ut-
terly unfit for use. They are in such bad condi-
tion that they have been abandoned. In addition
to that, the wharf upon which every military store
is landed that is carried to Old Point, is, as I am
informed by the engineer in charge, a perfect
honey-comb, eaten out by the sea worm. In ad-
dition to these items, there is a small part of the
fortification itself not yet completed, which under
a former appropriation has been commenced. The
foundation has been dug out. If there is no ap-
propriation for carrying on that work, what has
been done will have to be done over again. I wish
to say emphatically this in reference to that forti-
fication which has cost $2,300,000: The maga-
zines are in bad condition; the wharf is in a state
of decay, and the whole amount which has been
expended upon the works which are going on will
be lost unless something is done. I beg leave to
say to the House that I am speaking from inform-
ation of the most reliable character. I speak in
part from my own personal knowledge of this sub-
ject. I move to insert less than has been the esti-
mate of the engineer there for the objects indicated.
I move to insert $75,000 for continuing works at
Fortress Monroe.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ORR. I propose to strike out the entire
amendment. Do the Committee on W^ays and
Means recommend a non-concurrence?
Mr. HOUSTON. They do recommend a non-
concurrence.
Mr. ORR. I am very much gratified to hear
such is the recommendation of the Committee on
Ways and Means. There is now incorporated in
that amendment alone a regular fortification bill.
It is said by some voice that I hear that this bill is
the proper place for a provision to erect and main-
tain fortifications. I suppose it came from the
Whig side of the House. It has been the policy
of Congress heretofore, in the passage of the gen-
eral appropriation bills of this country, to separate
them. Why has that policy been departed from ?
It has been simply for the reason that it was no-
torious that this House, upon a clean vote, would
refuse to pass any fortification bill, and now there
is incorporated in that amendment a proposition
to expend nearly $1,200,000 upon these works,
and itis proposed that the House shall dispose of
them in that shape, under the rule limiting debate
to five minutes. I think that the bill without this
appropriation is large enough, in all conscience. If
this policy is to be pursued, there is no telling to
what point it will be carried. Your money bills—
your general appropriation bills, should be kept
clear of these things. There should be nothing
appended to them except in conformity to, and to
carry out the existing laws of the country. When
you incorporate into a bill of this description ap-
propriations for fortifications amounting to over a
million of dollars, it is done with the hope that
under the pressure of circumstances, and the little
time that is left, they will be forced upon this
House, when it has determined at the last session
and at preceding sessions that they would pass no
more fortification bills.
If I understood correctly, the position taken was
that fortifications commenced thirty, forty, or fifty
years ago, were not now properly adapted to the
wants of the country; that the introduction of
steam had rendered them almost useless, and that
they might just as well be dismantled and aban-
doned. In former times a port and harbor was a
matter of great consequence, because sailing ves-
sels could only reach those points dependent on
wind and tide. Now you can run steamers up
within two or three miles ofthe coast, just as our
troops were landed near Vera Cruz, and a steam-
er, by lashing lighters on her sides, can pass any of
your fortifications in a few minutes, and go be-
yond the reach of your guns. The circumstances
which surround the country are totally different
from what they were when this system of fortifica-
tions was originated. I think if this question was
referred to a board of scientific engineers—to those
men who do not expect to benefit themselves by
the report which they have submitted to the House,
I have no hesitation in expressing the opinion that
nine tenths of them would say that these fortifica-
tions were utterly useless for purposes of national
defense, and ought to be abandoned.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I wish to inquire
whether this is one amendment, or whether it is
not competent for the committee to take a separate
vote upon each clause?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that it is one amendment, but it will be competent
to test any item by moving to strike it out.
Mr. CABELL. I ask if it is not competent to
take a separate vote upon each clause?
The CHAIRMAN. It is no doubt competent
to do it in the way indicated by the Chair, by
motions to strike out each item. But it is one
amendment from the Senate, and must be voted
upon as one amendment.
Mr. CABELL. I shall appeal from that de-
cision of the Chair when the point properly arises.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not intend to detain the
committee more than afew minutes with anything
I have to say in relation to this subject. I will
say first, in answer to the objection of the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] that there
is no method of acting upon this subject at this
