930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman from Ohio has
placed himseli' precisely in a position where he
must hear a word from me, because.he has ap-
pealed directly to me. Now, sir, so far as I am
informed, no part of any appropriation which has
ever been made for the fortification at Old Point,
was made exclusively for Norfolk. ]t will be
borne in mind, however,by everybody here, that
I do not represent Norfolk. That city is much
more ably represented in this body by a colleague
of mine, [Mr. Millson ] But 1 tell the gentleman
from Ohio, and this House, that Old Point Com-
fort is the key to the Chesapeake Bay. It affords
a shelter to all the shipping in that whole Mediter-
ranean of the American continent. It is a road
attached to the Chesapeake. It constitutes the de-
fense of the cities of Petersburg, Richmond, Nor-
folk, and of your navy-yard at Hampton. Gentle-
men talk about the militia. Why, Mr. Chairman,
the militia of the conntry could not protect your
Capitol from one of the most disgraceful violations
upon record. Sir, that fortification is a shelter
for your Navy, itself—for that right arm of your
defense, of which thegentleman from Ohio speaks.
It affords a shelter and protection to your Navy,
under which it may run in when pursued by a
superior power, and may again pounce upon the
ships of the enemy, when it can capture them.
Mr. CARTTER. Then the point is made that
you want your fortifications for sheltering your
Navy.
Mr. BAYLY. We want them to shelter the
commercial marine.
Mr. CARTTER. The commercial marine will
take care of itself. The point of the honorable
gentleman's argument is that you need your forti-
fications to shelter your Navy. What, sir! is jt
true that this branch of your service has become
such an old fogy concern that she needs a fortifica-
tion to take care of her? Do you need the protec-
tion of permanent guns antf ten feet walls to save
your gallant Navy? [Laughter.] Sir, it is all
nonsense. There you have it. One useless, un-
productive expenditure is made the excuse for an-
other; and I hope that the action of this House for
three successive years will serve to confirm the
truth then stated, that this enormous expenditure
of the Government for the erection of fortifica-
tions is nothing but an extravagant waste of
money. Sir, has yourNavy become so crippled, I
so inert, so ineffective, that instead of being able !
to defend the commercial marine of the country,
it is not able to defend itself? It is true there is a
navy-yard at Norfolk, and you want a fortification
to defend it. That is an interesting fact in the !
history of this country. A fortification to defend
a navy-yard ! Why, what is going to become of
this extensive commerce of Norfolk in oysters? '
—for that is the chief article of commerce there.
[Laughter.] What is going to become of her ?
Sir, with such men as Paul .Tones upon her decks
your Navy will take care of itself, and it has got
to take care of itself, or not be taken care of at all.
It is just as idle to talk about protecting your com- j
merce by statutory provisions, by regulations for I
the Navy, or by rules and regulations for your J
commerce, as it is to protect the human system in I
its full strength and vigor without action. It is a 1
law of your physical constitution that you must j
keep these functions in active operation, or die;
and whether you lay up in ordinary in due form,
these old commodores and captains to rust out,
cross-leggedly, [laughter,] or lay them out at
three score years and ten, with the wave for their
winding sheet, is totally immaterial. You pro-
duce the same effect in both cases; and it is pre-
cisely upon the same principle that these fortifica-
tions are to be supported.
Now,sir, I propose—although I know it is un-
merciful—to abandon this Navy to the winds and
the waves. I should be glad to see them safe be-
hind the walls of a fortification, but I do not think
it ought to be done by appropriations out of the
Federal Treasury. I should like to see those
rusty old commodores in their ease and indolence,
smoking and drinking at a foggy and quiet feast—
a sort of inertia of the body and mind. There is
a pleasing something in that kind of doling out of
life as it passes along.
Mr. DUNCAN. I call the gentleman to order.
The subject under consideration is fortifications
and he seems to be discussing the character of the
Navy and its officers. If there were time to reply
to the gentleman, the subject would admit of dis-
cussion, but it seems to me that this is an inap-
propriate time for such remarks.
Mr. CARTTER. There is a navy-yard and a
light-house at Boston, and my friend is a great
protectionist, and all that sort of thing; and the
only difference between his theory of fortification
and mine is, that he believes in protection in the
shape of protection to manufacturing establish-
ments.
Mr. DUNCAN. What has that to do with the
subject under consideration ?
Mr. CARTTER. We are talking about the
defenses of this Government. My respected and
honorable friend from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] threw
into the discussion the necessity of protecting the
Navy by fortifications. I was reviewing the argu-
ment when my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Duncan,] without any definite idea before him,
called me to order. [Laughter.]
Mr. Chairman, I want to state what 1 verily
believe to constitute the fortifications of this coun-
try, and that the support of everything else is
money thrown away. The true fortification of
this country is in the hearts and the arms of its
citizens. In aid of that, the true economy of pro-
tecting our Atlantic border, and our Pacific bor-
der, which temporarily is exposed, is to increase
the facilities of access to your maritime borders.
Outside of that you must create a force upon the
decks of your mercantile marine. The impres-
sion is—the truth is—that in our day of trial, the
men that man the decks of your merchant marine
have got to fight your battles upon the ocean, and
the circumstance of improvements in the missiles
of death enable him to do so. This idea of putting
seventy guns upon one boat, is an exploded idea,
when you can have the power of destruction in-
volved in the throat of a single piece; and, sir, our
life must be brief if we do not see the period in
the ocean's navigation, when every ship will carry
the passport of its own defense. This is the only
protection of a physical character that I rely upon.
There is a moral protection which rises higher,
and will operate to the safety of this country to a
far greater degree, and that is, that this Republic
has embarked in the experiment of personal and
national liberty. But when the minions of Europe
invade our shores for the purposes of subjuga-
tion, they come here simply as emigrants to lib-
erty. They dare not trust their minions in avoy-
age of attack upon this continent, and there is no
danger of it. Why, look at theinstance in Cana-
da, during our little filibustering up there. They
sent over their regiments, their companies, full
epauleted, well dressed, well fed, with all their
national pride and national bigotry upon them,
and, sir, the adjacent States were almost famished
by feeding deserters. And they had to draw from
the fields of the West to keep up an account cur-
rent with stock. Sir, that is the case whenever
you are opposed from abroad by the multitude
tnat serve arbitrary power. That centripetal power
that brings everything to us, and causes every
thing to circulate around, is a better protection
and hetter guarantee than all your puppet-show
fortifications that the American Treasury can ever
build.
Now, sir, these are my views, hastily, distract-
edly expressed, under the surprise that the fortifi-
cation bill should be attempted to be renewed in
this Chamber, after the signal and salutary defeat
of it by this body. These are the spontaneous
suggestions which occurred to me under the influ-
ence of that surprise, and all this cry about for-
eign alliances.
They talk about the designs of France, and of
Spain—poor Spain is talked of as being about to as-
sail the Empire Republic of this continent. What!
that old, effeminated, vitiated, degraded, wasted
pauper, of all others on the face of nature among
the nations of the earth, going to assail this young,
and vigorous, and vaulting Republic! Why, it
is a caricature. It approaches about as near the
truth as does the vapory character of that people
approach the plain, normal cast of our own char-
acter.
And this man who has recently been made an
Emperor in France, is to come down with all the
crushing power of his might upon us! Why,
sir, a man has studied the signs of the times to no
purpose who does not read and know that it will
keep him busy to take care of the city of Paris
alone.
Sir, it is worse than childish to contemplate—
to imagine such an event. The adhesive nature
of the elements of his own Republic, is so weak
and feeble that he could not pa3S through a single
revolution without being utterly torn to pieces.
And there is Great Britain, that we hear so
much about. If there ever was a nation on God'a
footstool put upon her good behavior, it is Great
Britain. There is no possibility of her becoming
our antagonist. Why, sir, she has coquetted
with us, and courted us, and she is lavishing her
praises upon us. That is all I am afraid of. Aa
long as she manifested antagonism, I felt secure,
for I knew that it would put the American people
upon their guard; but now, such has become her
interest, that she is compelled to play the coquette
and flatter us.
Still, in the midst of this supreme security, this
triumphant strength upon this continent, peerless
and invincible, you hear a clamor raised about
taking care of a few docks, placed around the
Atlantic borders, and the taking care of her com-
merce. I recollect very well, when this question
was first mooted, I was the only man west of the
mountains to make an attack upon the only fort
west of the mountains. I recollect how they at-
tempted to skin me outside of the House for doing
it. Why, this theory of protection to commerce,
and western gentlemen will appreciate what I say,
had run to such an insane extent that they got an
appropriation for a fortification on the Detroit
river to pTotect the commerce of the lakes. That
is a narrow river, rarely averaging a mile in
width, and they put a fortification near the middle
of it, as though the sail of the lake would make
their retreat there if they could; for when they
got there, they would have been within the reach
of the long guns on the Canadian shore.
Why, sir, if the fortification had extended far
enough to have decoyed the commerce of your
lakes into that river, it would have been their
total destruction, in any emergency. The vessels
could have extended anywhere else. They would
have been safe anywhere else except there, and
the same argument would hold good with regard
to the fortifications on the Atlantic coast. Your
cities have the institutions and the power of the
country to throw around them. You have the force
of weather-beaten seamen to throw around them.
You have the guard of a free and populouspeople,
who are ready to stand in defense of the Republic
in any section, thrown around them. You have all
the guard that your old rickety Navy furnishes un-
der the shelter of these fortifications. Now, what
more can we want in a profound and triumphant
time of peace?
I venerate Old Point Comfort. We have sunk
a great amount of stone in her. She has got a deep
bosom, and when a five dollar piece of money
went out of sight, it was the last of it. You felt
as though you were mourning the loss of an old
friend, and when its neighbor went down it was
the last you saw of that; and so on until millions
have been sunk, and now millions more are to be
wasted; for like old Norfolk with its quays—I be-
lieve that is what they call them—it never will be
completed.
The appropriation of $70,000 for the completion
of the quays there is an old friend of mine. I
have seen it stick out in the appropriation bills
as regularly as they came up. It will continue.
It may furnish a few men with labor, but let me
give those men a little advice: Instead of coming
here to draw your support out of the Treasury at
a poor dragging pace, just go to the West, whose
resources are boundless. Apply your strength
and your muscles to her generous bosom, and she
will not only return you pay, but she will return
you health and vigor, and the pulsations of free-
men. You will not feel as though you were hang-
ing on to a power above you. The only power
you see between the fertile fields of the West and
your destiny, is the Power that has the right to
direct it. There is there no gathering around the
Capitol and the Executive bureaus, jobbing and
sub-jobbing, calculating precisely the per centum
you can ch at the Government out of in every
stage of the work. [Laughter.] I feel a sym-
pathy for this labor, but let it be directed in the
paths that develop manhood, and let it reap the
rewards of manhood.
Mr. EVANS obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. BAYLY. With the consent of the com-
mittee, I will at present withdraw my amendment.
[Cries of " Let us rise!"]
