932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
good citizen, for nobody in my district is con-
cerned in either, nearly or remotely.
In the case of the Tortugas or Key West, your
ships can retire behind the forts and be placed in
security, where they will be in a position to go
out and assail any enemy's ships that may come
to attack us. The expense is but small for keep-
ing up these necessary fortifications, when com-
pared with the great benefits resulting to the pro-
tection of our commerce; and our western friends
should look at it in the right point of view. These
fortifications are intended for their protection, as
well as for the defense of the greater portion of
our commerce. A great part of the commerce
which goes into the ports is for the West; and
whatever promotes the security of commerce is
their security, and every cent expended upon these
fortifications tends to the security of goods owned
or to be owned by them, and thus diminishes the
prices they will eventually have to pay. Your
mternaltrade will be always secure; and if our At-
lantic frontier be well protected, your citizens need
no longer go down from Ohio, Illinois, and Indiana
to defend the frontiers. Otherwise, after foreigners
have been ravaging and laying waste the country,
after our cities have been consumed, you will find
that citizens will have to leave their homes for the
purpose of repelling the enemy.
This system is little more for our advantage
than it is for that of the frontier settlements, and
if it were, we are entitled to protection. Gentle-
men mistake when they suppose that it is for the
purpose of spending money among our people
that we ask for these appropriations. It is from
long and tried experience that we know what the
advantages of such a system of fortifications
would be; for the enemy has in times past landed
upon our shores, insulted us in every possible
manner, and we were not able to resist and repel
them. They landed where they pleased- they
devastated,burned,androbbed. They plundered
the State of Maryland of immense sums of money,
in the shape of property destroyed, for which we
might have a fair demand upon the Government.
Yet the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] says
that fortifications are absurd. Where is the gen-
tleman's authority for saying that they are not
needed ? Where is the military man—I will not
say connected with the Government, because the
gentleman might say that a military man was in-
terested and desired the system to be perpetuated—
who will hold that fortifications are not essential
to defense? Take that man who has exhibited
more military talent than any other man since the
days of Hannibal—-I speak of Napoleon.
Mr. CARTTER. I will quote Andrew Jack-
son in reference to fortifications along the north-
ern frontier. He pronounced them, during his
administration, to be a humbug.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. General Jackson,
during his administration, by Mr. Benton, his
mouth-piece, proposed to devote the whole of our
surplus revenue to the fortifications, instead of dis- ,
tributing it among the States.
Mr. EVANS. That is true. So far from de-
nouncing fortifications, he made the recommenda-
tion of which the gentleman from Virginia speaks.
He is good military authority if he is any author-
ity. If he has any fame, it is on account of the
military affairs in which he distinguished himself.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] thinks
that the system was an expensive one, but Gen-
eral Jackson never dissented from anything that is
in this bill. On the contrary, he was, I believe, for I
every item in it. How important the system of
fortifications is, we have abundant evidence in the 1
history of the country. When your vessels are at-
tacked by a superior force they can retire behind the
torts, and as soon as a convenient opportunity of-
' „ryuan s,° forth t0 do mischief upon the ene-
my. We have had numerous examples of this kind
in our history, and so far from there being anything .
thnfvn!" m 18 of very ?reat importance
that you should select such advantageous points
as those behind which your fleets can retire. Now,
.t,re.P,eift' aSj6j bey?ntl fear of contradiction,
that they are needed, and I intend now to refer to
two or three points where shipping has been par- ;
tally successful against fortifications. Thefnrt
of San Juan d'Ulloa was captured by the French 1
fleet under Prince de Joinville. It was also cap-
tured by General Scott, aided by the fleet.
fleet?F' Was it captured by the
Feb. 28,
Mr. EVANS. It is no matter how it was cap-
tured; it was captured. Copenhagen was taken.
San Juan d'Acre was captured, and the forts at
Algiers were silenced. I must examine into this
matter as cursorily as possible.
The battle of Copenhagen was in no such a
contest between ships and fortifications. It was
the attack of a fleet of sailing ships upon an an-
chored line of block-ships and praams, which masked
the fire of the fortifications of Copenhagen, except
the " three-crown battery," (at the close of the
action,) which had little or no participation in
the battle. San Juan d'Ulloa was a contest
between a fleet mounting 188 guns, exposed,says
the reporter of the action, " to the fire of one 24-
pounder, five 16-pounders, seven 12-pounders,
J one 8-pounder, and five 18-pounder csrronades; in
j all 19 pieces only." At the distance the French
ships lay, about seven eighths of a mile, all but
I the one 24-pounder and the five 16-pounders
might, for all the injury they could do, have as
well have been fired in the contrary direction.
Even the 16-pounders could have but little effi-
ciency, so that the defense was reduced to one
24-pounder. The secret of the French success
was the blowing up of the Mexican magazines,
which were injudiciously placed, and were not
bomb-proof. San Juan d'Acre fell by a similar
accident of the explosion of their great magazine,
which made a great breach, through which the
panic-struck Egyptians escaped and the English
entered the work.
I wish 1 had here the " Memoirsof Napoleon,"
dictated to Gourgaud and Montholon. In refer-
ring to the capture of Algiers, Napoleon said, that
in his opinion, it was one of the most absurd at-
tempts. He declares that Lord Exmouth should
not have undertaken to fight the forts at all. The
success was casual only. There are many in-
stances where a couple of guns have been success-
ful against a much more considerable force of
artillery mounted on shipboard. The gentleman
talks about new inventions as dispensing with the
necessity of forts. Every one knows that what-
ever new invention can be put in a ship can be
put also in a fort. Can you not getguns mounted
as well in the fort as in the ship ? and can you not
aim them a good deal better in the stable fort than
on board the rolling ship ? In the one case, there
is danger of the shots penetrating the magazine
or sinking the ship; in the other case, you fire
against massive stone walls, which are impene-
trable.
Mr. CARTTER. I would inquire whether
these guns are stationary in the fort or not? i
Mr. EVANS. They are put in such a place as ! j
will prevent the enemy from passing the fort,
They are not strictly stationary, as they can be 1
traversed upon their platforms to give a field of
fire from sixty to one hundred and twenty degrees.
The fortsatNew York and Baltimore would force
the enemy to land far off from them, and so it is
with every fort of defense on this continent. They
all compel you to land at considerable distances
from the point of attack. That is a great advan- '
tage gained. That is not the case with the fort of; I
San Juan d'Ulloa. There the landing could be !
made in the immediate vicinity, and the town in-
vested from the land side; yet, certainly all will
admit the town much more secure with the fort
than without; besides, the Mexicans were, in the
instance of the French attack, unprepared; the j
enemy therefore met with unexpected success, and !
the circumstances have been nearly the same at '
every attack above referred to. i
But I will say nothing more about this branch j
of the argument. This House and the country !
know it is important for the interests of the inte-
rior of the country that we should have established ;
along our line of sea-coast these fortifications, and j
they will prevent the enemy from laying the great !
commercial cities under contribution. They give I
us the advantage of time, all-important in military j
operations, and we can telegraph to the most dis- !
tant points of the country, if necessary, for the aid
and assistance of volunteers, and by means of rail- 11
roads bring them in a short time to any point de- >:
sired, before any serious disaster can happen. I j
know very well what the gentleman from Ohio '
would do. After the city of Baltimore had been i
laid in ashes, after its people had been placed un- |
der contribution and robbed of millions, he would 1
come down and shed his life-blood in defense of i)
what remained. But he desires to wait for that. • '
He does not desire that the city shall be put in
11 such a position that it cannot be attacked. He
S desires when it is attacked to have the honor of
i coming forward and defending it. I desire some-
thing more than that.
Gentlemen are mistaken when they suppose
that we advocate these appropriations for the sake
of any advantage or profit to ourselves. We have
other means of profit than these. It is for the
common defense of the whole country that we de-
sire it. Sir, at this time you are defying a world
inarms. You attack all European nations. You
denounce them. At this very time a large portion
of the people of this country is desirous of enter-
ing into their policy. The formidable party to
which the honorable gentleman from Ohio belongs
is more or less desirous to meddle in European
affairs; to dictate to foreign nations their and our
common policy, and how far it ought to be pur-
sued; to say where they shall colonize, and how
far they shall interfere with the concerns of other
nations. I do not pretend to say, in this debate,
how far I should be disposed to enter into these
views. But the gentleman from Ohio is warlike.
He seems to look to war, and to be ready for it.
He, I suppose, would not flinch from it, whether
it were to be with Russia, Austria, or any other
formidable power. He is always ready for a con-
test. How necessary, then, that he, before others,
should make preparation and establish the means
of defense. Sir, I am as much opposed as any
gentleman upon this floor to lavish expenditures
for these branches of the public service. I would
appropriate nothing for these purposes if it could
be done with safety. I would not have a single
soldier if we could dispense with soldiers. I would
! not man a single ship and send it abroad if I thought
that the honor and dignity of the nation permitted
■ us to dispense with it.
The gentleman from Ohio, if ready for a conflict
with other nations, ought not to refuse to make
appropriations for the defense of the country. I
tell him that it is bad policy. You should put
your cities on the coast, your main commercial
centers, into such a state of preparation that no
enemy will dare to attack them. Sir, ours is now
almost the only country in the world where true
liberty exists. Even in England, I blush to say,
they have prostituted the public offices by open-
ing the letters of the friends of liberty, who have
sought an asylum there from the despotisms of
Europe. Where does true liberty exist ? Scarce
anywhere but here, and the despots of the world
hate us with a bitterness that we ourselves do not
conceive of. There is not a crowned head that
does not feel insecure on his throne so long as true
freedom exists here; let us, then, expect nothing
from their affection and repose in no false secu-
rity. Sooner or later, I fear—though I pray God
the time may never come—we shall have to meet a
concentrated world in arms. We shall be attacked
by the despots of the world. Their fleets are greater
than ours, and who does not know that their armies
are vastly superior in numbers to ours. All we
have to do,then, is to secure our principal places
on the coast.
But if you were to pursue the policy of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, and rely for protection merely
upon the operations of your troops, you would
have to divide your forces into small bodies, and
scatter them about to defend insolated points.
Without fortifications, a single English war-steam-
er could keep our whole coast in a state of alarm,
rendering it necessary to maintain a vast force to
watch our numerous points of attack. With for-
tifications comparatively few troops would be ne-
cessary, leaving our remaining forces disposable
for the conquest of the Canadas. To maintain
two armies—one for the coast and another an in-
vading force would soon exhaust our Treasury.
One hundred thousand volunteers would not be
more than sufficient to guard the vulnerable points
of our maritime frontier, if not covered by fortifi-
cations, which would cost the nation §50,000,000
annually. Add to this the cost of an invasion
of the Canadas by an adequate force, and then
say how long we could maintain a war ? And let
me ask what would be the loss of the nation, in-
dependent of the cost of troops, in abstracting
such an amount of labor from the productive in-
dustry of the country, and the fearful waste of
life likely to result from such a costly, hazardous,
and harassing system of defense?
The gentleman is mistaken in his views. He
