934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
and ninth amendments, and had agreed to the
third, fifth, tenth, eleventh, thirteenth, fourteenth,
and fifteenth amendments of the Senate, with
amendments.
The Senate proceeded to consider their amend-
ments amended and disagreed to by the House of
Representatives; and on motion by Mr. Hunter,
it was
Raolre-l, That the Senate insist on their amendments
amended and disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
to said bill, and a*k a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses.
On m&tion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
Mr. Hunter, Mr. Pearce, and Mr. Walker
were appointed.
J. C. G. KENNEDY.
Mr. HOUSTON offered the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to the Senate:
1st. Settlements of the accounts of R. H. Williamson,
disbursing agent of the Department of the Interior, contain-
in? charges for payments made to Joseph C. G. Kennedy,
Secretary of the Census Board.
2d. Settlements of the accounts of George A. D. Clarke,
present disbursing agent of the Department of the Interior,
containing payments made to said Kennedy as Secretary of
the CeiiMis Board and Superintending Clerk of the Sev-
enth Census.
3d. Settlements of the accounts of said Williamson, and
also the accounts rendered by him for money advanced to
the said Kennedy from the contingent fund of the Depart-
ment of the Interior; said settlements to be accompanied
by copies of all decisions and papers connected with said
settlements, respectively.
PATENT OFFICE REPORTS.
Mr. J A.MES submitted the following resolution;
which was referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That seventeen thousand extra copies of the
arts and manufactures and thirty two thousand five hun-
dred copies of the airricultural reports of the Commissioner
of Patents be printed for the use of the Senate.
CAPTAIN SITGREAVES'S REPORT.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred a communica-
tion from the Secretary of War transmitting to
the Senate a copy of a report by Captain Sit-
greaves of his expedition down the Zuni and Co-
lorado rivers, asked to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the same, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing; which was
agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 desire to have an opportunity
to make a report. I have not had any opportunity
for a week to get rid of some reports which I
have had in my hands. This business is pressed
in the front rank in the morning, and there is no
escape from it. I wish that the Senator would
allow me some time to clear my hands of some
reports.
Mr. HUNTER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-
resentatives came to see me this morning, and
said that the House was very nearly through all
the appropriation bills, and unless they could get
this bill to-day, it would be very difficult to get
action upon our amendments at all. I am com-
pelled for that reason to endeavor to push the bill
through to-day. If we get it through to-day, I
will give way to-morrowfor reports.
Mr. MORTON. 1 am very anxious to have
acted upon a resolution which I introduced a few
mornings since in regard to the pay and mileage
of my late colleague, the Hon. David L. Yulee.
I shall make no motion for its consideration at
this time, but I give notice that I shall, at some
time during this evening or to-morrow morning,
ask the Senate to act upon it.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would ask the Senator
from Virginia if he would not feel authorized to
give way for fifteen minutes for reports merelv?
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator sees my posi-
tion. He knows the situation of this appropri-
ation bill, and the necessity of early action. I
cannot give way; I wish I could.
The motion of Mr. Hunted was agreed to
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger in
the chair.) The bill is before the Senate, and the
question pending is upon the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] to the
amendment offered by the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Mason.]
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. RUSK. I do not intend to embarrass the
Senator from Virginia in the progress of the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill, but I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to allow me to
report the post route bill. Thereare many amend-
ments to it to which there wi'l be no objection at
all, I apprehend. If it is postponed beyond the
time of action on the appropriation bills, it will be
utterly impossible for us, in the crowded state of
jj business pressing upon our clerks, to have the bill
|| and the amendments engrossed, which are abso-
lutely necessary to carry on the Post Office De-
partment. I am sure it will not take fifteen min-
utes. I therefore ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to enable me to report from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads the post
route bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Texas, that after this bill is disposed of,
; he can take uf> that bill and dispose of it immedi-
ately. He might do as the Committee on Finance
do: We send our amendments to the Committee
on Ways and Means, who are considering them
as they are offered here. Suppose he were to
have his amendments printed, and then by to-
morrow, when they may be taken up here, the
Post Office Committee of the House may be con-
sidering them, and they will be ready to act upon
the amendments as soon as they are sent to that
House. I am afraid to do anything that will dis-
turb the progress of the civil and diplomatic ap-
propriation bill, though I would give way with a
great deal of pleasure if I could.
Mr. RUSK. Hours of debate will be occupied
by the pending amendment to the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill. I only ask fifteen min-
utes for the consideration of the post route bill.
At fhat time I will give way.
Mr. BORLAND. Then I*would suggest to the
honorable Senator from Virginia, since the whole
tariff question is to be introduced, and to be un-
der discussion in the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill, that it is not likely that it will be
disposed of to-day. If the post route bill is to
be acted upon at all, it should be done to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent the amendments can be laid on the table
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUNTER. I will agree to that, if it will
suit, the Senator from Texas.
Mr. RUSK. I am satisfied that we can dispose
of the bill in fifteen minutes.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection, if we
can have the understanding that in fifteen minutes
we are to go on with the civil and diplomatic ap- j
propriation bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I cannot give unanimous
consent. I am compelled to ask for the consider-
ation of the territorial bills. I have given way
now for two sessions, and the Senate has not
touched a territorial bill of any importance during
this Congress.
Mr. RUSK. I apprehend the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois did not understand the motion I
made. The bill which I want to take up is not the
Post Office appropriation bill, but the post route
bill. There are various amendments to the bill
which will not be contested.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have no objection to con-
currence in that course; but I am not willing to
give unanimous consent in future for making any
bill the next one to be considered. I want to have
a chance for the floor when the civil and diplo-
matic bill is through with.
Mr. RUSK. Then I understand that unan-
imous consent is given for me to report the post
route bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the Sena-
tor from Illinois objects.
Mr. RUSK. I understand the Senator from
Illinois only to object to further unanimous con-
sents. I believe there is no objection to the post
route bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have no objection now, so
that there be an understanding as to the future.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot give way, for I
understand the honorable Senator from Illinois to
object.
Mr. RUSK. He merely gives notice that he
will be a party to no more unanimous consents—
that is all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands the application made by the Senator
from Texas to be, that the unanimous consent be
given to consider the amendments to the bill which
he mentions. If that unanimous consent be given,
it will be with the bill which has been taken up at
the instance of the Senator from Virginia, still re-
maining before the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I do not object.
Mr. RUSK. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to which
was referred a bill from the House of Representa-
tives to establish certain post roads, to report it
back, with certain amendments. All the amend-
ments which are now offered are merely for post
routes. There is no objection to them, and I
hope the question will be taken upon all of them
together. There are other amendments, which I
shall afterwards offer, which may be perhaps con-
tested.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I have another amendment, to in-
sert the following additional section:
Sec. —. .<?7u! le it further enacted, That all railroads
and parts of railroads which are now, or hereafter may he
in operation, be, and the same are hereby, declared to be
post roads, and the Postmaster General may contract for
carrying the mails thereon, according to existing laws.
Mr. DAVIS. What is the occasion for that
declaration ?
Mr. RUSK. The law as it stands, declares that
all railroads, when they are completed, shall be
post roads. The mail is now carried on some roads
which are not completed, but portions of which
are completed and connected with other roads.
Some difficulty has been raised as to whether or
not the mails might not be stopped on those roads.
I think there is a controversy in one or two places,
and an injunction has been threatened. The ob-
ject of the amendment is simply to make parts of
railroads which are finished, post roads, the same
as the whole.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I have another amendment to offer
by way of additional section, and in order to save
the trouble of reading it, I will state what if is. In
the law which we passed in relation to post office
stamps, we make a provision for the punishment
of counterfeiting them. At the last session of
Congress an amendment was made to the Post
Office appropriation bill; I believe it was to au-
thorize the Postmaster General to issue stamped
envelopes for certain purposes, to which there was
a provision attached to punish their counterfeit-
ing. That was adopted. There were a great many
amendments to that bill, and they were all referred
to a committee of conference. There, through some
mistake of the committee, or by the clerks in a
great hurry—no blame, I think, is to be attached
to any one—that portion of the bill punishing
the counterfeiting of these Post Office envelopes,
was lost. This amendment simply supplies that
provision. I have drawn it up upon consultation
with the Auditor and Postmaster General.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I have another amendment, which
it is not necessary to read, but the effect of which
I will state. In the law reducing postage, we put
in a section that the smaller postmasters should
not have their emoluments reduced. By the op-
eration of that law, much duty, and a vast deal
of time and trouble, were devolved upon the Aud-
itor,to see that they werenotreduced belowacer-
tain amount for the year 1851. It hasalso created
much confusion in the Department. Thisamend-
ment has been drawn up by the Auditor to sup-
ply that defect, by giving, as the law formerly did,
certain commissions. The effect is, to increase
the emoluments of the smaller postmasters. It
has been drawn up, and sanctioned by the Post-
master General and the Post Office Committees of
both Houses.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I have another amendment:
Sec. —. ."7n l be it further enacted, That hereafter, as
the offices of the Assistant Postmasters General, or either
of them, shall be vacated, the appointment of his successor
shall he made by the President of the United Slates, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, at the same sal-
ary as that of the Auditor for the Post Office Department;
that an Assistant Postmaster General shall be appointed as
aforesaid, and at the compensation aforesaid, to be em-
ployed in Uie inspection of tlie mail service, or  uch other
