1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
937
he avails himself of the same weapons I do not
know that I blame him; but this practice has not
commenced to-day, nor even in the last year. I
say the whole system of this Government is crum-
bling under the weight of an irresponsible majority
whenever they want to carry anything.
Mr. DAVIS. I suppose every gentleman in
this Chamber is entirely satisfied that this amend-
ment opens the whole question of the revenue
laws of the country—that it disturbs the settlement
that was made in 1846, and disturbs it upon one of
the points where the greatest difficulty was felt.
This measure cannot go through; and gentlemen
feel that they would not discharge their duty as
they ought to do to their constituents without dis-
cussion. I intended to discuss it for one, and I
have felt it to be my duty so to do; but as I am
assured by many gentlemen here, that under the
circumstances which exist, the opinion of the Sen-
ate is not in favor of the adoption of this measure,
I shall forbear the right of discussion so far as I
am concerned.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is very manifest that if this
measure is pressed, it will lead to a debate which
will endanger not only this, but all the appropria-
tion bills which are to follow it. I am sorry to
find that the worthy chairman of the Committee
on Finance feels embarrassed by the presentation
of this amendment. He is laboring under instruc-
tions from his Legislature which prevent his resist-
ing the amendment. Now, I apprehend that if
Senators here opposed to this measure could be
satisfied that it would be voted down, they would
not insist on discussing it.
Mr. ADAMS. Suppose we lay the amendment
on the table.
Mr. BRIGHT. There is no rule authorizing
the motion to lay an amendment on the table, or 1
should certainly make it, and it is manifest that
no measure covering such extensive grounds, em-
bracing as great and varied interests, and affecting
such capital as this amendment affects, can pass
here without discussion; and if discussion be per-
sisted in it will not only last hours but days. We
have but two days and a half left for legislation.
It is very clear to my mind that the amendments
will all be voted down. I favored the original
proposition presented by the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Finance, extending the time for
the collection of railroad duties for five years; but
when I found it led to a discussion which is likely
to consume a great deal of time, I assented, with
other members of the committee, to the with-
drawal of the amendment, and it was withdrawn.
The honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr. Ma-
son] then felt bound to renew the question. I shall
vote against the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, and also against the amendment of the
Senator from Virginia, not that I am opposed to
either of them in principle, but for the reason given
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brod-
head,] that they are out of place, and they are ill-
timed, if I may be allowed that expression. We
cannot consider them; we cannot discuss them.
That is impossible. I think if gentlemen who feel
bound to discuss them, and who feel that it is their
duty to discuss them, will sit still and permit us
to vote, we shall vote on the amendments without
debate.
Mr. DAVIS. We will agree to that.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Senators on that side
will agree to that course, I will take my seat,
hoping the vote will be taken.
Mr. MILLER. Mr. President, I have the floor
on this question, but 1 have no disposition to tres-
pass on the time of the Senate in regard to it, if I
can be-assured that this measure will not be put
upon this bill at this time.
Mr. TOUCEY. The Senator from New Jersey
will allow me a word of explanation. I shall vote
against the amendment without regard to the
merits of the proposition itself, because Pthink it
is objectionable, fatally objectionable in the legis-
lation of Congress, that measures of this kind
should be put upon an appropriation bill, and,
therefore, without discussion, without going be-
yond this explanation, I for one, shall vote against
any measure of the kind.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator from New Jersey
will allow me to state that I indorse what has just
been said by the Senator from Connecticut, and
shall vote with him for the same reason. It will be
utterly impossible to have this bill passed through
Congress if this amendment be made.
Mr. MILLER. If there is to be no further
debate on this subject, under the assurance that I
have had, if the vote be now taken I will yield
the floor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to state distinctly to
the Senate, that I cannot become a party to any
such arrangement. This thing of a measure being
defeated simply because Senators rise and say we
are going to talk out the session, is not right, and
I do not think it ought to be yielded to.
Mr. WELLER. No one has said that. If it
had been said I should not have yielded to a threat.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If we compromise it upon
any such principle, any amendment which may
hereafter be brought forward to any of these bills
can be killed; any bill which may be offered can
be defeated. I think we all understand this ques-
tion well enough to vote, and 1 shall vote accord-
ing to my sense of duty, and not in conformity
with any compromise which may be made.
Mr. MANGUM. Under the course which
gentlemen have taken, I feel bound to retract the
declaration which I made a short time since, and
if gentlemen are to proceed with the discussion, I
shall vote under the instructions of my own Le-
gislature. Let gentlemen who have the power take
the responsibility of defeating the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill if they choose.
Mr. BORLAND. Since it seems to be the cus-
tom to state the reasons for votes, I desire to state
that 1 shall vote against the amendment for three
reasons. In the first place, I cannot see the pro-
priety of discriminating between the different
kinds of iroi\ that are introduced into the United
States. In the second place, I cannot see any
propriety in the proposed amendment of the Sen-
ator from Illinois to suspend the operation of the
duty for three years 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I can inform my friend from
Arkansas that I intend to withdraw the amend-
ment in order to let a fair issue be made on the
amendment of the Senator from Virginia—not
with a view of stopping the debate, but in order
to get a fair issue upon his proposition.
Mr. BORLAND. The third reason why I
shall vote against the amendment is, that I think
this bill is an improper place in which to under-
take to alter, amend, or revise the tariff system
of the country.
Mr. SHIELDS. I appeal to my honorable
friend from Virginia to withdraw the amendment.
Evidently it is going to be defeated, and its defeat
may prejudice the principle hereafter. It cannot
now have a fair decision upon its merits.
Mr. MASON. 1 submit the question to the
Senate. Let us have a vote upon the amend men t.
If it be defeated, let it be. I shall have done my
duty by offering it and persisting in it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am bound to make a
statement, in justice to myself. I shall vote against
this amendment, because there is not time enough
now to consider it. In the section of country that
I represent, there are eight furnaces in Kentucky
and sixteen in Tennessee upon the Cumberland
river. There is one forge in Kentucky and four
in Tennessee upon that river, and there are ten
furnaces upon the Tennessee river in the same
neighborhood. These are important interests.
The labor which is annually required to work and
conduct the business of these furnaces and forges,
together with three rolling-mills in the same neigh-
borhood, costs about $660,000 a year. That amount
is expended annually merely in the payment of
the hands at work in those establishments. The
annual product of those furnaces, forges, and
rolling-mills amounts to about $2,500,000. All
these interests are deeply concerned in this matter.
I have not time just at the close of the session to
investigate the bearing of this amendment upon
all these great interests in that section of country.
In the eastern part of my State there are similar
investments perhaps equal if not greater than
those in the western part. I believe my State is
just as much interested in the purchase of railroad
iron at present as any other State. But so far as
contracts have already been made for railroad
iron, or may be made previous to n knowledge of
the provision contained in the amendment, the
benefit of the amendment will be not to the rail-
road company but to the foreign contractor who
has engaged to furnish the rails. In view of all
these facts, I am for postponing until the next ses-
sion of Congress the legislation on this subject.
Then we shall have more time to consider it, both
in reference to its bearing upon the production of
iron and railroad interests.
Mr. MILLER. After what has passed in the
Senate, I am willing to yield the floor for the pur-
pose of taking the question now, but not for the
purpose of continuing any further debate.
The PRESIDING OEFICER. Does the Chair
understand that the Senator from Illinois with-
draws his amendment?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I withdraw it; and I merely
wish to be permitted to remark that the Senator
from New Jersey must either yield the floor or
not yield it. He cannot hold the rod over us all.
Mr. BELL. I shall vote against the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Virginia, because I think
it would be highly impolitic in reference to the
great railroad interest in the future—the very inter-
est it professes to promote; and it would be detri-
mental to this interest even now, to some extent,
by depressing the manufacture of railroad iron at
home. But such is the condition of my section of
country, which has just commenced the business
of making railroads, that it does call for some re-
lief, if it can possibly be afforded, consistent with
the interests of the revenue of the United States
without doing any manifest injustice to those who
have invested their capital in the manufacture of rail-
i road iron. Therefore I should have been in favor of
some measure like that proposed by the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] to give some relief
until the next session of Congress, or until we
shall see what, under all the circumstances, may be
just and expedient. I would further state that
which I think, to remit thedutyon rails for.a short
, time will not seriously injure the manufacture of
j rails in this country, on the ground that we are
, not prepared now to manufacture but a very small
proportion of the supply necessary for the country;
yet my opinion is, that if we were to suspend the
law for three years, the relief to the railroad interest
would not be very great, for I feel very sure that
the price of rails in England will still continue to
rise, and I feel the further conviction that in three
years the mills of the United States will be able
to compete with the mills in England in making
railroad iron if they are not suddenly thrown back
by the total and permanent repeal of the duty on
this description of iron. I wanted to make this
explanation because I represent an iron interest to
some extent, and yet I represent an interest greater
than that at this time.
The whole feeling, the almost universal interest
in the Southwest is in favor of a construction of
certain projected railroads. I am not certain that
the fever is not too high, and that that country
may not repent the length to which it is going in
the construction of railroads. Nevertheless, that'
is not now for me to decide, and I am not well
i enough informed to decide that question at this
time, if it were referred to my judgment. For
j these reasons, and because I think it would be im-
politic to totally repeal the duty on rails, though
I would be perfectly willing to grant relief for the
present,! cannot vote for the amendment of the
Senator from Virginia.
I think a suspension of the duty on railroad
iron would be a precedent of great importance at
this time, on another ground. 1 have some fears
that if the railroad interests should be found strong
enough at this time to effect a suspension, while
! so small a proportion of railroad iron is in demand
in this country, the combination of that interest
will be strong enough to effect a permanent repeal
of the tariff on railroad iron at no distant day.
The question being taken on theamendment, re-
sulted—yeas 19, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, lirooke, Charlton, Chase, Daw-
son, He Sau* mre, Dod<;p of Wisconsin, Douglas. Downs,
Fitzpatriek, Hale, Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, Man mn,
Mason, Knsk, Shields Sumner, and Walker—19.
NAY'S—Messrs. Adains, Atchison, liajard, Bell, Bor-
land, Bradbury, llright, lirorihead, Ilntler, Cass, Clarke,
Cooper, Davis, Dodge of Iowa, Feleh, FVIi, Foot, fieyer,
Hamlin, Houston, James, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Miller,
Norris, Pearce, Pettit, Pratt, Sebastian, Seward, Smith,
Spmance, 'l'oucey, Underwood, Wade, and Weller—36.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRADBURY. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to offer two amend-
ments. The first is to amend the bill at page
twenty-four, line five hundred and seventy-five;
after the word " seventy" inSfert " eight," so as to
make the appropriation for salaries of the district
judges $78,700, and then add the following:
And the salaries of the judges of the district courts here-
