1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
941
crease, but I knew the amount could be very easily
reduced when the bill went to the other House, or
when it underwent discussion here. From all the
information which I have, I think $2,000 is about
right.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is obvious that we have
got to run through the whole list of the judges of
the district courts of the United States if we keep
on. I do not want to bring in my own State, but
I think I can show you a case of as cruel hardship
as any Senator can. I do not want to say any-
thing about it, however, unless we go on to regu-
late these salaries in this way. I think we had
better postpone the whole subject till the next ses-
sion, and then have a uniform rate of compensa-
tion. I hope the amendment will be withdrawn.
Mr. HALE. I can produce the strongest case
for an increase of salary that is to be found in the
United States.
Mr. RUSK. Except 
Mr. HALE. No; not except. There is no
exception. I will state it. A few years ago, the
salaries of the district judges of the United States
were raised, except the salary of the district judge
of New Hampshire. The reason his salary was
not raised was that he was a crazy man. His sal-
ary was $1,000: and Congress said that a salary
of §1,000 was enough for a crazy man; but they
did not remember that the crazy man would die,
and a sane man be appointed in his place. But
he did die, and a most excellent and worthy
gentleman was appointed in his place, and from
that day to the present he has been living on
what Congress thought was enough to support a
crazy man—$1,000. It is the lowest salary of
a district judge in the country. It has not been
raised, and the incumbent of the office is one of the
mostestimable, worthy, excellent gentlemen in the
world. He is a personal friend of mine, to whom
I feel under many obligations; but lest injustice
may be done by acting on the question of increas-
ing the salaries of judges, upon this amendment, 1
will not even urge his claim; and I hope that my
forbearance may be an example to induce others
to keep still and let us have a vote.
Mr. MANGUM. The objection which I have
to this measure is precisely the fact which is stated
by the Senator who reports the amendment—that
only a portion of the salaries have been taken into |
consideration, and others have been neglected. 1 ,
think the whole thing had better go over. I can |
make out a strong case, and I shall move, if the
amendment be persisted in, that the salary of the
district judge in North Carolina be increased.
We have three courts in that State, which is upon i
the sea-board, and they are held twice in a year.
The judge receives the paltry salary of $2,000 a
year, less by a thousand dollars than that which
the judges of the State courts receive.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the amendment will
be withdrawn, under these circumstances.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Maine withdraw it ?
Mr. BRADBURY. 1 will confer with my col-
leagues for a moment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand that for the
time being the amendment is withdrawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be considered as withdrawn for the
present.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to make a motion
which I trust will be deemed in order, although it
is unusual. It is to strike out an appropriation,
and not insert any other in its place. It reduces
the expenditures which the bill proposes. It is to
strike out these words;
" For salary and outfit of a minister to Centra] America,
to be accredited to such one or more of the Governments
included in that name, as the President of the United States
may designate, $18,000."
And then the next clause—
" For salaries of secretaries of legation to the same places,
$20,000,"
will have to be so modified as to correspond with
the amendment.
The first reason I assign for striking that out,
is this: By going a little further, you will find the
salary of the charge d'affaires at Nicaragua and
Guatemala. Surely it cannot be the intention of
the Government to send a full mission to the five
Central American States, and then to send a
charge d'affaires to two of the same States indi-
vidually. In looking at the letter of the Secretary
of State recommending this full mission, I find he
proposes it in lieu of the two charges d'affaires,
for he goes on to show that it will cost no more to
the Government to send one full mission to the five
States, than to send the two charges d'affaires to
the two States. I would be content to strike out ;
the charges d'affaires and leave the full mission,
but for the fact that I am apprehensive that the
creation of that full mission, on Mr. Everett's .
recommendation, would be deemed an approval ,
of the reasons assigned by the Secretary and in-
dorsed by the President, for creating the mission. ■
I am unwilling to indorse the reasons assigned in j
Mr. Everett's"letter for establishing this mission. !
If you will look into the message communicating
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty to the Senate for ratifi-
cation , you will find it stated that Great Britain was
in possession of nearly half of Central America,
under the Mosquito protectorate, which it was the
object of the treaty to abolish. You will find that
while the friends of that treaty here differ as to
whether it did abolish the British settlements at
the Balize, they all agree that it did expel the
British protectorate over the Mosquito coast.
I assigned as a reason, the other day in my
speech, why I objected to that clause respecting
the British protectorate, that it was equivocal,
whether it expelled the British or not.
Mr. BRADBURY. 1 did not understand that
my amendment was regarded as being withdrawn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was con- j
sidered withdrawn for the time.
Mr. BRADBURY. I did not so understand it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understood that it was
withdrawn with liberty to renew it. It does not
affect your position, except that it interrupts the
few remarks which 1 have to make.
Mr. BRADBURY. I did not understand it to
be withdrawn. I want a vote upon it. My pur-
pose was this 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Illinois, that he can
conveniently finish his speech on this amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was about to state that my
difficulty, with regard to the clause in the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty, was, that it was doubtful whether
it abolished the protectorate, or recognized its ex-
isteqpe and only restricted its exercise. I said
then that I would take the American side of the
question, in the event the treaty was ratified, and
insist upon the construction which Mr. Clayton
put upon it.
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] said
that he understood it to be abolished. Four days
subsequent to that debate, Mr. Everett sent to the
Senate a report in relation to correspondence be-
tween the British Minister and the Department of
State. The substance of the correspondence is,
that the British Minister has communicated to the
State Department, by authority of the British
Government, the anxious desire of the British
Government to enter into arrangements by which
England shall abandon the British protectorate on
the Mosquito coast. That England is willing to
abolish it—she is anxious to give it up; she wishes
an arrangement by which she may give it up, and
proposes that we shall open negotiations between
the Central American States and Great Britain and
the United States, by which the British protecto-
rate may be surrendered. Our Secretary of State
entertains that proposition favorably, and the
President of the United States, with a view of se-
curing the surrender of the protectorate, recom-
mends this full mission. The House of Repre-
sentatives have passed the appropriation, and the
Senate are called upon to concur in it. I ask if it
will not be deemed an acknowledgment by this
Government, first by the State Department, then
by the President, and then by Congress, that by
the true construction of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty,
as it now stands, the British protectorate is not
abolished, and we propose a new arrangement by
which it shall be abolished? If you concur in this
view, you acknowledge that it is not abolished,
that it is still in existence, and that something is
necessary by which they may be expelled here-
after. I am unwilling to make any such acknowl-
edgment. I think I can show by this correspond-
ence that it is clearly acknowledged that the pro-
tectorate is not abolished, and 1 am unwilling to
acknowledge that by sending a full mission, for
the reason which has been given. It would be n
pretty piece of diplomacy where there was a doubt-
ful clause in a treaty, we putting one construction
upon it and Great Britain another, if we, by an
oversight of this kind, abandon our own con-
struction and put hers upon it. How is it to be
done? She can propose negotiation by which
she will surrender her protectorate. We accept
the proposition, and then when, by our answers,
we have acknowledged the right of Great Britain,
she refuses to come to an understanding, and leaves
the matter unadjusted, having obtained our admis-
sion that a new treaty was necessary to deprive
her of her protectorate.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will indulge
me a moment. I would like him to answer me
how it is that the appointment of a minister to
Central America by the United States can affect,
in any mode, the negotiations, if they are opened
between Great Britain and the United States upon
the subject of a treaty. Whether it is policy to
open such negotiations, or whether it is proposed
or not, 1 do not know. But when opened, they
will be opened between the United States and
Great Britain, and I want to know how the ap-
pointment of a minister by the United States to
Central America can affect us with regard to any
question involved.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations very
briefly and directly. Under ordinary circum-
stances, the appointment of a minister to Central
America would not affect that question; but when
that mission is established on the recommenda-
tion of the President, and for a given purpose,
and that recommendation of the President refers
to the report of the Secretary, and the report of
the Secretary urges it upon the sole ground that
the British Minister has proposed negotiations by
which she will give up her protectorate, if we
make an appropriation in response to that propo-
sition, will it not be said that we have thereby
indorsed the reasons assigned for creating the
mission? It is to avoid that very construction—
the implied admission that by the terms of the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty, England has not aban-
doned, or agreed to abandon, her protectorate
over the Mosquito coast, that I propose to strike
out this appropriation.
Mr. MASON. I understand that the Senator
is making this debate upon an amendment offered
by the Judiciary Committee. If that is the fact,
it would be impossible for him to go on without
doing great injustice to those who might wish to
reply.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am making it on my own
motion to strike out. The Chair sustained me in
it.
Mr. MASON. Will the Chair inform: me what
is the question before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon the amendment offered by the Senator
from Maine under instructions from the Judiciary
Committee. Pending that, the Chair understood
the Senator from Maine to withdraw the amend-
ment for the time being, and understanding that,
he announced to the Senator from Illinois that the
amendment proposed by him was in order. While
he was discussing that amendment, the Senator
from Maine informed the Chair that he was under
a mistake, that he had not withdrawn the amend-
ment. The Senator from Illinois remarked that
the only effect of that would be to cut him off from
his speech. The Chair observed that he might
finish his speech conveniently upon the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. MASON. I cannot have an opportunity
to reply on it. I believe the Senator is out of or-
der.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I presume the Senate will be
willing to let the Senator reply now, or I am will-
ing to abandon the proposition until we get through
the amendment which is pending.
Mr. MASON. Make your proposition.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The proposition is distinctly
made now.
Mr. MASON. Not now.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is distinctly made.
Mr. MANGUM. I think we had better re-
turn to the consideration of the amendment of the
Senator from Maine. 1 think the Senator from
Illinois is entirely mistaken as to the state of the
business before us.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The actual
amendment pending is that proposed by the Sen-
ator from Maine, and to that there is an amend-
ment, proposed by the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Mason.]
