946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Dawson, Fitzpatrick, Mason, Morton, Pratt, Spruance, and
Underwood—11.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. CLARKE. I have an amendment to offer
as an additional section, in the following words:
.irtd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury he authorized to lefitnd to Edward Dexter, of
'Seekonk. Massachusetts, the duties paid by him on certain
tea* ile*tro;Tc(] by fire at Alexandria, is the State of Vir
ginia, ni 1HI0, which teas were in the store of John G.
Ladd, and in the charge of the collector of customs for
said port: the same to be done under the same restrictions
as are herein provided for refunding duties on goods de-
stroyed by tire m Now York and San Francisco.
There has already been incorporated into the
bill a provision for paying $300,000 for the return
of duties on goods destroyed by fire in New York,
1 think m 1845; and also >150,000 to refund duties
on certain goods destroyed by fire in San Francis-
co. For the List four years there has been a me-
morial from tins gentleman, who lives on the edge
of Massachusetts, near my State, asking for the
return of duties upon teas destroyed by fire in the
city of Alexandria in the year 1810. This memo-
rial has been referred to the Committee on Finance,
and at all times that committee has expressed a
willingness to act on that memorial, deeming its
prayer to be just and proper. But it always said
that the provision should come in in a general
clause to relieve others who are memoralizing for
a return of duties on goods destroyed by fire.
This memorial seems to have escaped the atten-
tion of the Committee on Finance in reporting the
provision which has already been incorporated
into the bill. Yesterday, when the amendment of
the committee for returning duties on goods de-
stroyed by fire in New York and San Francisco
was under consideration, 1 happened to be out of
the Senate Chamber, or I should have brought
this case to the notice of the Senate. I introduce
this amendment now for the purpose of restoring
to this individual the duties which he paid in 1810
upon teas destroyed by fire in the city of Alex-
andria.
Mr. Dexter is a gentleman well known to me.
He has been known to me for fifty years. He is
now eighty-five years of age. He lost by the
spoliations or depredations of the French upon
the commerce of the citizens of the United States
prior to J800, more than $30,000. That involved
him in difficulties. He finally recovered himself,
and has since, as he states,paid into the Treasury
of the United States more than $100,000 for duties.
In 1809 he imported these teas into the United
States, and sent them to Alexandria. They were
there put under the lock and key of the Govern-
ment of the United States, in the store of John G.
Ladd. That store took fire and the teas were
consumed in the fire. The copies of the invoices
of the teas, all the certificates, together with all
the evidence, are in the hpnds of the Committee
on Finance. The amount of duties proposed to
be refunded will probably amount to some §1,500.
I have introduced this amendment, and have made
it apply precisely to the provisions provided for
the return of duties upon goods destroyed by fire
in New York and San Francisco. 1 ask the Sen-
ate, in consideration of theage.and I may say the
destitute condition of this individual, who asks to
have these duties refunded, that the sum of §1,500
may now be added to the bill, and that he may be
placed in the same situation forthe return of those
duties upon goods destroyed by fire in 1810, which
has been provided for in this bill for those who
lost goods in 1845 and 1851.
Mr. HUNTER. This seems to me to lie a pri-
vate claim. The Senator from Rhode Island I
think is mistaken in supposing that it stands on the
same footing as the provision for the return of
duties on goods destroyed by fire in New York and
San Francisco. I am not aware that the Commit-
tee on Finance have made a special examination of
u- u '!ut they reported a general fire bill
which they supposed would cover the eases which
ought to be lelieved. The provision which has
teen adopted in relation to goodsconsumed byfire
iti New \ovk and San Francisco, places them un-
der the restrictions of the law of 1838. They ap-
ply the general law to those cases. I apprehend
xt will do Mr. Dexter no good to have thatlaw ap-
plied to him. The provision in relation to San
Francisco and New York was as to a fire which
occurred at some recent period, in regard to which
testimony could be collected. This goes back some i
forty years. But it seems to be a private claim, j
I Mr. CLARKE. This is no more a private
j claim than are those claims provided for in the
1 amendment of the Committee on Finance which
has already been adopted, providing for the return
of duties on goods destroyed by fire in New York
and San Francisco. This is simply to include Mr.
Dexter in the same provision. If I had been here
yesterday, when the provision for the return of
duties to the people of New York and San Fran-
cisco was up, I should have asked them to have
this claim included. It is no more a private claim
than those. This amendment provides that this
payment shall be under the same restrictions as
are already provided in relation to the refunding
of duties on goods destroyed by fire in New York
and San Francisco. If the provisions of that law
will not reach his case, the Secretafy of the Treas-
ury will make no payment; but, if he lives, he
must again come to Congress and ask this pittance
to smooth the downward passage of his life. It
is plain and clear that he must produce evidence to
the Treasury Department. The evidence is in
fact in possession of the committee, and, in my
opinion, it is conclusive. I have seen it to-day.
The question simply is, will you do to this aged
individual the justice that has been done to others
by the provision already inserted in the bill ? I
hope the amendment will be agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the question
of order insisted upon ?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If that question
be insisted upon, it is absolutely necessary that
the Chair should rule this amendment out of
! order. It may be true that the other amendments
were liable to the same objection. The difference
is, the objection was not taken in those cases, and
the Chair of course does not take objection to
amendments if the Senate choose to entertain them.
This is clearly a private claim, because it is a pro-
vision authorizing the payment of money to an
individual for losses which he has sustained.
Mr. CLARKE. Then the Chair decides that
this amendment is out of order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
opinion of the Chair.
Mr. CLARKE. And that the others, having
been passed without any such objection, were in
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That question
was never raised.
Mr. CLARKE. I am sorry that any such ob-
jection should be raised now.
, Mr. HALE. I have an amendment to offer as
an additional section:
Sec. —. JlntS be it further enacted, That under the act
for the benefit of Amos Proctor, approved the 17th of June,
1 1844, the legal representatives of the said Proctor art) enti-
tled to one half of one moiety, being one quarter of the
appraised value of the goods therein mentioned, as having
been seized and libeled on his information.
After I shall have explained this amendment, I
think the Senate will adopt it without objection.
'Under a bill passed in 1844, Congress ordered the
accounting officers of the Treasury to pay Mr.
Proctor half of a moiety of certain goods. The
Comptroller said it did not mean that, but it meant
a half of a moiety of the duties which would have
been paid upon the goods. The party then peti-
tioned the Seriate, and a bill was introduced to
remedy that decision, and it was referred to the
Committee on Commerce. They unanimously re-
ported that the decision was wrong, and that Mr.
Proctor was entitled to what the bill gave him, and
that no further legislation was necessary. The
subject then went to the House, was referred to a
committee there, and that committee unanimously
thought he was entitled to this relief under the
existing law, and that no further legislation was
necessary. The Comptroller still refused to pay
the amount. The question then came to the Sen-
ate again; a resolution was introduced in the very
words of this amendment, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce at this session, which again
unanimously reported that Mr. Proctor was enti-
tled to the money, and the Senate unanimously
affirmed that report of the committee; but still the
Comptroller will not pay. This amendment sim-
ply declares that Mr. Proctor shall have what the
law already gives him; which the Senate and
House have already declared that he ought to have,
but which the Comptroller says he shall not have.
It does not make an appropriation of a dollar, for
the appropriation has already been made.
| The amendment was agreed to.
i Mr. JAMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings to offer the following
amendment:
That there be placed at the disposal of the President of
the United States the sain of$20,U09, to enable him to com-
pensate Clark Mills for the execution of the equestrian
statue of Andrew Jackson, recently placed upon the pub-
lic square in the city ot Washington north of ihe Executive
mansion, and to make the same the property of the United
Stales; and that said sum be paid, under the direction of
the President, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, when a clear and satisfactory title to
said statue shall be vested in the United states.
Mr. CHASE. With the consent of the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island, I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment. It is to add to it these
words:
And the further sum of .$30,000, to enable him to contract
with Hiram Powers for the statue of America, or other
work or works of ait designed by him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio offer this amendment from a com-
mittee ?
Mr. CHASE. Yes, sir; by direction of the
Committee on Public Buildings.
Mr. HUNTER. I raise the point of order, that
the Committee on Public Buildings has no right
to instruct any person but a member of that com-
mittee to offer amendments.
j Mr. JAMES. I gave permission, as chairman
of the Committee on Public Buildings, to the gen-
tleman from Ohio to offer the amendment.
Mr. CHASE. I would like to have the ques-
tion of order settled.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The opinion
of the Chair is, that what is meant by an appro-
priation being reported " by direction of a standing
committee," means that it must come from a com-
mittee through a member of that committee. That
has always been the custom of the Senate.
Mr. JAMES. Then I offer the first amend-
ment. The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JAMES. I now offer, from the Committee
on Public Buildings, the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Ohio, to add to the one just
adopted the words:
And the further sum of $30,000, to enable him to con-
tract with Hiram Powers for the purchase of the statue of
America, or other work or works of art designed by him.
Mr. WALKER. We have never seen the
statue of America, and I understand that is merely
a composition. We have seen thestatue for which
an appropriation has just been made, and the dif-
ference can readily be estirhated by those whose
minds have reflected upon the subject. I hope, for
one, that this appropriation will not be made.
Whenever the statue of America shall be brought
here and exhibited, and satisfies the judgment of
Congress that it is a work of merit, then it seems
to me it will be time enough to provide for its pur-
chase. It is not probable that it will be purchased
by any other country. If I understand the matter,
it is not yet in the United States, and no one has
given us any information upon the subject. We
are to infer merely from themaracter of the artist
that it is a work of merit. For one, I should like
to see it before the appropriation is made, or I
should like that some committee of the Senate
should see and pass a judgment upon it.
Mr. CHASE. It will be remembered, Mr.
President, that I moved this proposition as an
amendment to the deficiency -bill, but upon the
appeal of the Senators from Virginia and Califor-
nia, [Messrs. Hunter and Gwin,] deeply inter-
ested in that bill, I withdrew it with the under-
standing- that no objection would be made to it
when offered to the civil and diplomatic bill. Un-
der what seems to be a misapprehension as to the
rule of order, I obtained the direction of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings to offer this at this
time. It had previously received the sanction of
every member of the Committee on the Library.
It has, therefore, as high a sanction as can possi-
i bly be given to any proposition before this body.
The technical objection to it, when offered by my-
sejf, is overcome by the motion of the chairman
ot the Committee on Public Buildings, just sub-
mitted under the direction of th8t committee. I
did not suppose it would give rise to a word of
debate, but inasmuch as objections have been
made, I feel bound to vindicate the propriety of
the amendment, and I hope and believe that after
a few words of explanation, the Senate will agree
to it.
