950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
be stricken out of the bill. If we take it out, and
let the appraisal be made by three discreet persons,
you will then have their judgment, and the owner
of the building can take it at their valuation, or
not; but if you insert the $000,000, you are sure
to pay that much.
Mr. HALE. I move to strike out that portion
of the amendment.
Mr. BORLAND. I am opposed to this whole
thing. This is an old case. It has been before
us for the last four or five years. It has been one
of the lobby cases, in which we have been annoyed
mid harassed by the appeals made by agents and
all sorts of people, and I do think, if it was for
nothing but to rebuke that system, we ought to
reject this proposition. If we need public build-
ings to accommodate our bureaus and our clerks,
build them. We have begun to do so, and let us
go on with it, and have buildings after some uni-
form system. But here is a building, in regard to
which there is great difference of opinion as to
whether it is fitted for our purpose. I am opposed
to any such operation. Let us build houses, if
we want them for our Departments, and pay what
is proper for them; but do not permit persons upon
speculation to build houses, and then lobby them
upon the two Houses of Congress.
Mr. BRIGHT. I stated when I first rose that
I had uniformly opposed the purchasing of this
building at $200,000, believing that it was not
worth that sum. Lobbying influences to which
the Senator has referred, have just as little influ-
ence upon me as upon any gentleman.
Mr. BORLAND. I did not allude to the Senj
ator at all. He had said that he was not in favor
of the proposition, and I cannot see why he should
take my remark to himself.
Mr. BRIGHT. I did not understand the Sen-
ator as applying it to me. I stated that the Com- ;
mittee on Finance had the subject referred to it and
it came to this agreement, and as its agent I pre-
sent the amendment without being its advocate. I
do not say that I believe the public service will be ,
promoted by purchasing it. That is a matter
which the amendment submits to the President of
the United States. He is not bound to purchase
the building. If it is appraised at $150,000, he
may take it if he tninks the public interest will be
promoted by it. If he thinks it will not be pro-
moted by it, he may refuse to purchase it, nor
will the individual who owns the building be
bound by the appraisal to sell it.
Mr. PEARCE. The remarks of the Senator
from Arkansas have done injustice to a gentleman !
in this city. If Mr. Winder has ever employed
an agent to advocate his claim before the members
of the two Houses of Congress, I would like any !
member of the Senate to point out the agent. I i
think it is probable that his success in this meas-
ure would have been greater if he had been willing
to employ agents whose influence is felt here. I
believe he never employed one. He has been his
own lobby member. He has stated his case, and
I think fairly, to gentlemen, and certainly very j
fully, and apparently without any desire to con- j
ceal anything which any gentleman has desired to i
know from him. I have no doubt that the influ-j
ences to which the Senator from Arkansas has
alluded have been arrayed against him, and his
success would have been vastly promoted if he
had entered into the system which we all deem so
odious. I think it will be an advantage to the
public service to purchase this building. I think 1
it will be worth all that will be given for it. But
it has been discussed over and over again, and I !
will not consume the time of the Senate by further ;
remarking upon it.
Mr. WALKER. I have all along joined the 1
Senator from Arkansas in making opposition to |
this purchase, but now let me call his attention to j
some facts. I believe there is an item in this ap- !
propriation bill of $21,000 rent for this building. |
That, in ten years will amount to $210,000—ten *
thousand more than it is now proposed to pay for
the property. Has he, or has anybody else, the
hope that we will within that time place ourselves
in a situation to dispense with the use of the
building? If he has, I have no such hope.
Mr. HALE. I would ask of the honorable
Senator whether, for the rent of $21,000, the build-
ing is not also kept in repairs, &c. ?
Mr. WALKER. Suppose it does. In that
length of time the rent paid will amount to $10,000
more than it is proposed to pay for the building.
At six per cent., the annual rent is the interest
upon $3">0,000. At the end of ten years we will
have paid more than is proposed to be given for
the building, and the building will still be Mr.
Winder's. Why he proposes to sell it at this rate
is a mystery to me, unless he is involved, so that
he is obliged to get money in a lump. There is
no such property that I know of anywhere in the
country. It is paying an enormous rent. The
interest of $350,000 will be paid him for ten years
to come if we continue to rent the building, and
the property will still be his.
But there is another consideration changing my
course in this matter. The other day I made an
effort to secure to the patentees of the country the
use of their Patent Office. Accessory in securing
that I think will be the obtaining of this building.
Without it, we will certainly have one Depart-
ment of the Government turned into the Patent
Office. With it, perhaps, we can save that as an
exhibition room to the patentees of the country.
Upon these grounds, I am disposed to do what I
have never ijefore done, vote to buy this building
rather than to go on paying as rent more than the
value of it, and not have it at last.
Mr. Hale's amendment to the amendment was
rejected; there being on a division—ayes 14, noes
not counted.
Mr. CLARKE. I would have been willing to
let this amendment pass if the amount of $200,000
had been stricken out, but as it is left in I feel my-
self bound to say something upon it.
I think the building will not be of much use to
the United States. In the first place, I believe it
is a very slightly-constructed building, and that
its location and accommodations are not such as
to render it useful for public offices. The honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin has said that the
Patent Office should be exclusively used for the
exhibition of models. Sir, I agree with him that
so much of the building as is wanted should be
used for patentees and their models; but when
you come to extend the western win? and get into
the eastern wing, you will find that there is plenty
of room for the patentees and their models, and
for other offices of the Government that are now
placed in this Winder building. I ask any gen-
tleman whether it is proper that the office of the
Secretary of the Interior should be in a hired
building in this city, when you have an opportu-
nity to build one, such as the honorable Senator
from Arkansas says should be built—one suitable
to the purpose and comporting with the dignity
of the United States? I do object to this build- j
ing on account of its unsuitableness and its unfit- 1
resa for public offices. The gentleman gets up j
here and makes a statement in regard to the ques-
tion of interest with the United States. Sir, we
all know that repairs, &e., connected with the
building render it necessary that the rent should
be high. But I was willing to agree that the Presi-
dent of the United States might appoint persons
to appraise the building, if Mr. Winder chose to
sell it to the United States on their appraisal; but
when you come to place the sum of $200,000, it '
is certain that that will be the sum for which it I
witl be sold; and I am unwilling to vote for it. j
Mr. BORLAND called for the yeas and nays j
on the amendment; and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 20; as fol- !
lows: |
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Bradbury, Bright, Butler,
Charlton, Cooper, Dawson. Downs, Gwin, James, Jones of
Iowa, Mason, Morton, Pearce, Phelps, Seward, Smith,
Wade, Walker, and Weller—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Borland,
Cass, Chase, Clarke, Davis,De Saussure, Douglas. Felch,
Fish, Fitzoatrick, Foot, Geyer, Hale, Houston, Hunter,
Mallory, Norris, Pettrt, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields,
Spruance, Sumner, Toucey, and Underwood—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOWNS. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary have instructed me to offer the following
amendment: /
•tfnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be. and he is hereby, authorized and required to
purchase of Thomas Cowperthwaite & Company, of Phil
adelphia, or from any person or persons, lfthe same can be
had on better terms, five hundred copiesofthe Decisions of
the Supreme Court of the United States, as contained in
six volumes of Peters's Condensed Reports, and sixteen
i volumes subsequent thereto, of the same reporter, at a
price not exceeding $62 per copy, and likewise five hundred
j copies of the first thirteen volumes of Howard's Reports,
being a continuation of the Reports of said reporter to the
1 end of tba last term ; and also, until Congress shall other-
■ wis* direct, five hundred copiea of each succeeding volume
of the decisions of said court.at a price not exceeding,$2 82
for Howard's Reports, and such subsequent reports, and
pay for the same out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated. And it shall be the duty of the
said Secretary, immediately after the reception of said re-
ports, to forward to the Governor of each State and Terri-
tory, four copies ; one copy for the State library ; one for
the" use of the Executive; one for the use of the Legisla-
ture, and one for the use of the courts of the States and
Territories respectively, unless the Legislatures thereof
shall deem it necessary and proper to make a different dis-
tribution. And in addition to the copies aforesaid, there
shall be forwarded to the Governor of each State and Ter-
ritory a number of copies of said reports equal to the num-
ber ot representatives of said States and Territories in both
Houses of Congress, to be distributed as the Legislatures of
said Stales and Territories shall respectively determine ;
and the remainder of the said fivp hundred copies shall be
deposited in the Department of State for distribution in con-
formity with existing laws, or for such other purpose as may
be deemed expedient by the Secretary of Slate, the residue,
if any, after such distribution, to await the fnrther action of
Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. I am afraid that, by the time
this bill reaches the House, two days will hardly
suffice to read it. If we put on so many things it
will be impossible that they can be attended to by
the House. I am afraid we shall lose all our
amendments.
Mr. DOWNS. I will make a very brief ex-
planation of this amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I am not now objecting as to
the merit of the proposition, but to the risk of
losing the amendments which we are under if we
go on adding section after section.
Mr. DOWNS. The Secretary of State has
written a letter to the Committee on the Judiciary
requesting the additional copies of the reports, the-
purchase of a certain number of copies of which
is already provided for. On considering the sub-
ject, the committee, under all the circumstances,
thought it better to adopt the bill which was re-
ported from the committee some time ago, and
passed the Senate but did not pass the House,
providing for the purchase of five hundred copies,
to be distributed as mentioned. It is certainly
very urgent. The expense is small, and it is cer-
tainly desirable to have these valuable reports.
Mr. BUTLER. It may not perhaps be very
urgent, but it is desirable. It seems to me that it
is but comity to yield to the request of the Secre-
tary of State. He says there are not a sufficient
number of copies in the Departments to answer
the demands. Therefore I think it is reasonable
that we should pass the amendment.
Mr. PETTIT called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 23, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Bradbury, Bright, But-
ler, Cass, Charlton, Clarke, Cooper, De Saussure, Downs,
Felch, Fish, Foot, Geyer, Gwin, Mallory, Mason, Miller,
Phelps, Pratt, Rusk, Seward, Smith, Spruance, Sumner,
Underwood, and Weller—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Borland, Brodhead,
Chase, Davis, Douglas, Fuapatriek, Houston, Hunter,
Jones of Iowa, Morton, Pearce, Pettit, Toucey, Wade,
and Walker—17.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS. I submit the following amend-
ment:
rfnd provided further, That in lieu of issuing patents to
the several States for land granted in aid of internal im-
provements in all cases where the issuing of patents is not
required by law, the certificates issued or to he issued by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, with the
approval of the Secretary of the Interior, in pursuance of
the several acts making such grants, shall, in all respects,
have the same effect as though a patent were issued for
said land.
Mr. WALKER. I should like to have some
, explanation of that.
Mr. DOWNS. In the various bills that have
passed granting lands to the States for railroads
and other purposes,there is no provision for issu-
ing a patent merely by direction or order of the
i head of the Department. I am told in some of
the States that it has been a matter of judicial in-
! vestigation, and there is reason why this provision
should be adopted. It is recommended by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and the
amendment proposes to make the selection tanta-
mount to a patent.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to inquire of the
Senator whether this applies to swamp lands as
well as lands granted for internal improvements?
Mr. DOWNS. It does. I have a provision
inserted in it for that purpose.
Mr. BORLAND. Then I think it is proper.
; I do not think it is necessary for a State to wait
for a patent, but that the selection under the grant
I ought to be sufficient.
