952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
a day for the time the parties were occupied. As j
regards this proposition, my objection to it is, that j
it proposes a mode of allowance which has been
rejected by the Committee on Claims and by the
Senate in reference to other officers of the same
class throughout the Union. I can see no reason
for it myself, especially when we have the un-
doubted fact that a great number, at least, of the
officers in California did not perform their duties
at all. Who is to distinguish as to that, and why
should not these persons who claim increased
compensation come here as others have done, pre-
sent their claims, ask for increased compensation,
and give the reason why it should be allowed ? 1
am not disposed to delegate the investigation of
these accounts in favor of the marshals of" Califor- .
nia differently from the course pursued in refer- 1
«nce to other assistant marshals throughout the i
country.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to state to the
Senate, that the committee upon the subject of the
census, in providing the compensation for assist-
ant marshals regulated it in such a way, by mathe-
matical principles, that they were allowed, accord-
ing to their industry, from three to four dollars
per day, and that they did make.
Mr. BAYARD. The sums which some of
them made exceed that.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. They made more than
that; but the committee is perfectly satisfied that
that could be made, and we adopted a uniform
rule with reference to the States on this side of the
Territories. Here ia the law in regard to Califor-
nia:
" Be it enacted, 'S'c., That the Secretary of the Interior
be, and he ia hereby, authorized to increase the compensa-
tion allowed to marshals or agents and their assistants for
taking the Seventh Census in California, Oregon, and New
Mexico, so as to secure the prompt and faithful execution
of the work." i
We adopted the same rule in reference to all ex-
cept these Territories; but the committee, in con-
sideration of the difficulties, and the currency
there, which did not apply east of those Terri-
tories, allowed such additional compensation to j
be made as the Secretary of the Interior might {
think proper. It cannot be plainer than that. I
do not see how we can settle the matter now unless i
we know what the Secretary of the Interior has j
allowed, and then let them present their claims for
additional allowances like the claims of other per-
sons.
Mr. BAYARD. If that argument be true this
amendment is needless. If the law which the
Senator from Kentucky has read, applied to the
Erevious ascertainment of the sum which was to
e paid to the marshals of California, it is unne-
cessary for them to come here to get rid of that by
a special amendment. I do not know why they j
should not present the special petitions, and have
them investigated in the ordinary course of pro-
ceeding of the Senate, instead of attaching an
amendment to an appropriation bill to refer the
adjustment of their claims to a different authority.
Mr. GWIN. There is one class of claims pro-
posed to be provided for here against which not a
word can be said. A large amount of the returns
were burnt, and the agent who made them has
not got a cent, and he cannot get anything because
the returns were burnt. That is the reason we
could not get the returns of the county of San
Francisco.
Mr. BAYARD. Whenever the amendment
relates to that alone, it will be time enough to dis-
cuss it. But I should presume that when the
injury to a party arises from an accident of that
kind, the proper course is to present a petition to
the Senate, as in other cases, and have his claim
adjudicated.
Mr. ADAMS. I desire to make one suggestion
to the Senator from California. This amendment
is only the repetition of the law under which they
acted, with the exception of the case in which the
returns were burnt. I
Mr. BAYARD. Then it is useless.
Mr. WELLER. Not at all, because the law i
is overruled. 1 his amendment prescribes a rule
according to principles of equity upon their pro-
ducing satisfactory proof; and the law provides no
rule by which the Secretary of the Interior shall
adjudicate them. The amendment does.
The amendment was rejected; there being on a
division—ayes 13, noes 25.
Mr. WELLER. I offer the following amend-
ment:
I should like to have some
That the sum of$<wO be appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be paid in
proper proportion to the engravers in the United States
Coast Survey Department, at Washington, as compensa-
tion, in lieu of the extra percentage granted at the last ses-
sion of Congress to the clerks in that and the different De-
partments of the Government in Washington.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not that a private claim ?
Mr. WELLER. No, sir. The only object is
to put the engravers in the Coast Survey upon an
equal footing with the clerks there. These men
were all salaried officers. They use the graver
instead of the pen. I know of no reason why
there should be a discrimination against them.
The only effect of the amendment is to put the
engravers engaged in the Coast Survey upon an
equal footing with the clerks.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that it is not in order.
Mr. HUNTER. I have some more amend-
ments from the Committee on Finance. The first
is to insert the following in the bill:
To supply the deficiency and defray the expenses of the
select committees appointed by the Senate, $18,UOO.
Mr. BUTLER. What is that?
Mr. HUNTER. This is a deficiency in the
contingent expenses of the Senate for various se-
lect committees of investigation.
Mr. CLARKE. I should like to know what
that is for?
Mr. WELLER.
explanation of it.
Mr. HUNTER. Five thousand dollars of it
is for the committee of which the honorable Sen-
ator from California [Mr. WellerJ is chairman;
$10,000 for the committee of which the Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Soule] is chairman; and
§1,000 of it is for the committee of which the Sen-
ator from Texas [Mr. Houston] is chairman. It
is founded on letters from those gentlemen. I
should have thought that the Senator from Cali-
fornia would not have needed an explanation of
the amendment.
Mr. WELLER. I understood the amendment,
but I was not sure that the Senator from Virginia
himself understood it.
Mr. BAYARD. A part of that I have nodoubt
arises from the committee on Mexican claims.
It become necessary, as they supposed, in the per-
formance of their duty, that they should appoint
a commission to go to Mexico to ascertain certain
facts, the result of which will appear hereafter.
That commission necessarily embodied large ex-
penditures, because it required men of high char-
acter and standing, so as to carry conviction to
the country of the true performance of duties.
That is one item that enters largely into this in-
crease of the expenses.
Mr. BUTLER. Do I understand that this is
to appropriate money to indemnify the committees
for their expenses?
Mr. SOULE. Not at all. The expense is in-
curred by the committees, with a view to carry
out the object for which they were raised. It is
not at all for any compensation to the members of
the committees.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not speak of that.
Mr. SOULE. The expenditure is necessary to
carry out the objects for which the committees
were raised.
Mr. BUTLER. I suppose it is all right if my
friend says so; but I do say it is a very curious
mode of proceeding.
Mr. CL A RKE. I cannot say that it is all right.
A large portion of this arises, as- the Senator from
Delaware has said, from the commission to Mex-
ico. What has been paid ? How many have been
sent ? There have been four commissioners sent
to Mexico.
Mr. SOULE Five.
Mr. CLARKE. Well, five have been sent to
ascertain whether Dr. Gardiner had or had not
any mines in Mexico. I believe I have seen it in
a paper somewhere, that it was proposed to pay
the individual at the head of that commission
$4,000 for three months' service, with all his ex-
penses, and $2,000 to the other members of the
commission, in addition to all their expenses. I
beg the Senate to understand before they act blindly
upon this. I think that pretty good pay. I would
rather be in that position than on the committee,
with such pay. We should understand the items
which make it necessary to have the appropriation
made.
Mr. BAYARD. If there is such a want of faith
on the part of the Senate in the committees which
it appoints, thatit is necessary to go into the items,
be it so. So far as I am a member of any com-
mittee, I am perfectly willing that a full investiga-
tion and publication shall be made of every pay-
ment to which I have been a party, every sum
which I have ordered to be disbursed. And allow
me to say to the Senator from Rhode Island, that
I think,in the particular case to which he refers,
he would rather have accepted the compensation
than performed the duty. There was no little risk
as well as no little responsibility incurred in the
performance of that duty.
Mr. SOULE. 1 am somewhat surprised, Mr.
President, that the objection which is interposed
to the additional section upon your table should
proceed from the quarter in which it has originated.
The Senator from Rhode Island was one of the
committee intrusted with the confidence and au-
thority of the Senate, and had he been a regular
attendant on its sittings, he would have known
a great deal more than he seems to know of its
labors and of the measures which have rendered
necessary the expenses to which he objects. The
committee, in the discharge of the high trust re-
posed in them, deemed advisable to organize a
commission and to direct a thorough and full in-
quiry into matters connected with frauds charged
against certain claimants before the late board
organized under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
That commission proceeded to Mexico, and had
to perform important and arduous duty, which
will result in bringing to light a mass of inform-
ation seldom if ever obtained in cases of so intri-
cate a nature as those submitted to its investi-
gation. What the bearing of that information
i may be, it is not for me to say. Considerations
i of public interest require that it should remain
| sealed in secrecy until a judicial investigation,
! now going on in the courts of this District, shall
have been disposed of. 1 will, however, presume
, to assert, that whatever expenditure may have
been incurred by the prosecution of the great ob-
jects which the committee had in view to attain,
it will not be found misapplied when the result of
their labor shall be made known to the public.
The honorable Senator from Rhode Island should
have been the last to question the prudence and
reserve of the committee in whatever disburse-
ments they may have had to make of the public
moneys. The Senate, I feel assured, will find
eventually that neither its confidence has been
misplaced nor its authority abused.
Mr. CLARKE. The honorable Senator alludes
to my not attending on the business of the com-
mittee. I know that he has been very active. My
own engagements have prevented me from taking
as much part in the labors of that committee as
perhaps I was bound to do. I know that their
investigations have extended to various subjects,
but there has been no report made to the Senate,
except it is a recommendation of the proposition
that this amount of money be appropriated for
the five commissioners who were appointed by the
committee, who went out for the purpose of ascer-
taining what was the position of the mines which
; Dr. Gardiner had claimed. Itstruck me that that
appropriation was large. It struck me that the
amount allowed to these men, particularly to the
gentleman at the head of the commission, was
very large for the services required to be performed,
not extending beyond three months—$4,000 for
the gentleman at the head of the commission,
and $2,000 for each of the others. I do not de-
sire, by any means, to be understood as intima-
ting that the investigation of that committee may
not be of the utmost importance to the country.
1 do believe, from the evidence that I have seen,
that there has been, if not a fraud, an attempted
fraud, that requires the consideration of the coun-
try in regard to the men who have committed it,
acting under the official character which they pos-
sessed, as officers of the United States. If the
Senator from Louisiana supposes that the salaries
that have been paid, or the amounts granted, are
right, I am perfectly willing to put off any partic-
ular individual objection I may have to it, although
at the same time no report has been made, and
the Senate knows nothing about what that com-
mittee has done, and the appropriation is very
large to defray the expenditure.
Mr. SOULE. 1 have already intimated that
considerations of public interest would induce the
committee to withhold their report, until a certain
