1853,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
953
indictment, now pending before the tribunal of the j
District, should be disposed of. The committee j
do not feel at liberty to let at present anything
transpire of what has been elicited by the investi-
gation they have gone into, and by the labors of
the commission they sent to Mexico to elucidate
what of truth or fiction there might be in the stu-
pendous charges made against certain persons,
whose claims were liquidated by the late commis-
sion on Mexican claims. But they hesitate not to
say, that such light will be thrown on the matters
submitted to their consideration, as will allow no :
doubt to hang over the mind of the most skeptical.
Mr. BORLAND. I merely wish to say that it
would be an extraordinary proceeding indeed on
the part of the Senate, to appoint a select commit-
tee to investigate matters of public interest, and
then withhold the necessary appropriation to de-
fray their expenses.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance
has instructed me to report the following amend-
ment:
Jlndbeit further enacted, That whenever the land office
at Ponlotnc, Mississippi, shall be discontinued, the records
on file there shall be placed in tile possession of the clerk of
the United States district court for the northern district of
Mississippi, who is hereby made keeper of the same, and
authorized to perforin any of the duties now conferred upon
the register and receiver, and shall receive for his service
therefor a sum not exceeding •>'■"■0') per annum.
That is an amendment which the Senator from
Mississippi can explain.
Several Senators. It is all right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have two more amendments
to offer from the committee, and that is all I shall
offer:
To supply the deficiency for the purchase of trees and the
compensation of laborers on the improvements of reserva-
tion number two, or public mall between Seventh and
Twelth streets west, ^5,276 52.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The last amendment which
I have is as follows:
For the erection, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, at the port of New Haven, Connecticut, of a
fire-proof custom-house, with suitable rooms therein tor the
accommodation of the United States courts, and also rooms
in which shall he kept the post office of said city, the ex-
pense of said building and site therefor not to exceed the
gum hereby appropriated, $75,000 : Provided, That the Le-
gislature of the State of Connecticut shall exempt the said
building from taxation.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding to it the following:
For the construction of the custom-house at Wilmington.
Delaware, in addition to the sum appropriated by the act of
the 31st August, 1852, $3,500.
That amendment is founded upon the estimate
of the Department. An appropriation was made
at the last session of Congress of $25,000, for the
construction of a custom-house at Wilmington,
which was to include in it the post office, ana also
the court-room. Since they have ascertained the
cost of the site, which has been agreed upon, the
Secretary found that the sum is not sufficient to
complete the building, as a fire-proof building, by
some $3,500, and he has recommended the ap-
propriation of an additionul sum to that amount
for the completion of the building. The recom-
mendation, owing to an accident, did not go into
the House of Representatives before this bill was
reported by the committee there, and it came in
subsequently to the amendments which the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Finance has
reported to that committee. I offer it now with
his approval, and founded on the estimates.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
as amended, and it was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. The Committee on Finance
have instructed me to move to amend the bill in the
clause for compensation of the Auxiliary Guard,
and for fuel, and oil for lamps, $14,800, by striking
out "$14,800" and inserting "$16,400," and
adding:
And each of the Auxiliary Guard shall hereafter receive
the same annual compensation, to wit: jJoOO per annum.
Last year the salary of sixteen of the Auxil-
iary Guard was increased to $500; the salary of
the others was left at $420. The object of the
amendment is to put them all on the same footing.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following:
~4iid be it further enacted, That, whenever the President
of the United States shall receive satisfactory evidence
that the fishermen and fi-hing ve.-sels of the United States
are admitted to the common rights and privileges ofjiritj.sh
subjects resident in the British Nortti American Provinces
of Canada, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Prince Edward
Uland, and New Foundland, to tish in the waters thereol,
i together with the right upon water and land, of curing
| and preparing for market, and selling there, the fish so
i taken and the oil made therelroni, then he shall issue his
1 proclamation authorizing the fishermen resident in any
j of said Provinces, and the fishing vessels thereto belong-
I lug, to enjoy like privileges in ttie waters of the United
I Stales, together with the privilege to such vessels and fish-
ermen to enter into the ports of entry of the United States,
and to m.ike sale of the fish taken in any ot the waters
' aforesaid, or the oil made therefrom, upon payment of the
same duties which are or shall be exacted by law of fishing
vessels ot" the United Slates : Provided, That nothing here-
in contained shall authorize fishing vsssels of one of the
countries aforesaid to participate in the river fisheries of the
other; nor shall anything herein contained authorize any
interference with private rights of fishery, or private rights
of properly, without agreement.
I wish to say to the Senate that this embraces
a proposition to Great Britain in regard to the
fisheries. It is designed to settle that vexed and
troublesome question which has been mjiegotia-
tion, and has not been brought to an issue. It is
a perfectly reciprocal proposition, authorizing the
President of the United States, whenever he shall
receive information that the fishermen and fishing
vessels of the United States are admitted to the
same privileges in the waters of those five North
American Provinces as the vessels and fishermen
resident there, then he may admit them to the
same privileges in any of the waters of the United
States, and that the markets of the two countries
! shall be open to each other the same as they are to
their own citizens. And now I wish to say to
gentlemen that this is a graver question than per- !l
haps many suppose. I wish to say, and to say Ij
it in all sincerity, that if there is to be a reenact- !
ment of the events this coming season which oc-
! curred last year, I fear there is not patience suffi- i
j cient to bear them. I think I know something of
j these fishermen, and I certainly believe they are
men of resolution, of fortitude, who believe they
understand their rights, and will if necessary vin-
dicate them. And now, sir, I tell you there will
be a collision there, unless there are some meas-
, ures taken to adjust the controversy. The fisher-
men will go prepared for such an event; and I will
; venture to predict that the month of September
will not pass without a conflict and collision, un-
less the question is in a train of adjustment, or the
English forbear to exercise a petty, vexatious, and
irritating supervision. This is simply a proposi-
tion of entire reciprocity upon this question alone.
Mr. HUNTER. Is this amendment in order ?
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. It contains no
appropriation.
Mr. GWIN. I offer an amendment to that
amendment by way of an additional section:
That upon satisfactory evidence being given to the
President of the United States, that any of (he Govern- '
nients of the continent of North or South America has, by
law or other proper effective public act, agreed to admit
ships or vessels, the produce and manufactuies of the Uni-
ted States, free of duty or charge, the President he, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to issue his proclamauon
thereon, and to give notice that so long as said privilege be
continued to such ships or vessels, produce and manu-
factures, a like reciprocal privilege shall be allowed or
Jiven to the ships or vessels, produce and manufactures of
said State or States, as to the ports of the United States,
any law to the contrary notwithstanding; and such procla-
mation shall have the force and etlect of suspending such
laws so long as said privilege he extended to the ship^ or
vessels, produce and manufactures of the United States,
by such State aforesaid.
Mr. DAVIS. All I have to say is, that such an
amendment, which I think designed to defeat my
amendment, will not be adopted.
Mr. GWIN. I will explain my amendment
presently; but the Senator from Florida wishes to
offer another amendment which should come in
before it. I therefore withdraw my amendment
! to give him that opportunity.
j Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend the amend-
j ment by adding to it the following:
' ** Til at nothing in this act shall be construed to authorize
I or allow any foreign vessel whatever, or any subject or
citizen of any foreign Power, to fish within the waters ap-
purtenant to and within the jurisdiction of any State, con-
trary to the laws of such State, or to authorize or allow the
bringing within such waters and jurisdiction of any State,
any person or persons, wll< tiler comprising the company or
the crew of such vessel or others, contrary to the laws of
such State
Mr. President, when the Senator from Massa- !|
chusetts called ap this bill on the fisheries a few
days ago, and remarked that its consideration
would occupy but a few moments of our time, he
disclosed to me at once that its provisions were
regarded by him in a lijjht very different from that
in which they presented themselves to my mind.
Its consideration was deferred to enable me to
offer an amendment, which was presented on the
following day. I sincerely regret that any delay
should have resulted, for I well understand the
expediency of prompt action upon this subject,
and appreciate all that he has so forcibly said. *A
proper regard not only for the pecuniary interest
of the vast capital embarked in our northern fish-
eries, but for the safety of our fishermen and the
maintenance of the friendly relations which exist
between us and the British North American Prov-
inces, demand prompt and prudent action; and £
will vote cheerfully with that Senator for any
measure which his superior wisdom and informa-
tion may deem proper.
But in saying this I desire to remind him, and
to remind the Senate, too, that there are other and
higher considerations involved in this bill—con-
siderations far above all pecuniary interest—which
must control my action. I desire to call the at-
tention of the Senate, and particularly of those
honorable Senators to whose views upon the rights
of the States I have listened with pleasure, to the
political heresy which this bill involves.
It empowers the President of the United States
to authorize by proclamation the vessels of the
British northern provinces, with their crews, to
fish in the waters and on the land, and to catch
and cure fish on the waters and the land of the
States of this Union, whenever he shall learn that
such privileges are granted by said provinces to
our fishermen. \
i This certainly is a most extraordinary stride in
1 the political doctrines of the day. I have heard
some strange propositions advanced in this Cham-
; ber, but none which I regard as more odious than
this.
I ask the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
from whence the General Government derives this
right to cede to a foreign Power the property of
the States in their own fisheries ? By what au-
thority does he pretend to admit foreisn vessels
1 and crews not only within the waters and juris-
diction of a State, to take fish which belong ex-
clusively to the State, but to legislate them on the
land, and within the body of the county of a
State? Where is his authority for usurping: the
rights which the States have never surrendered,
and conferring them upon a foreign Government?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not propose any such thins:.
Mr. MALLORY. We shall see. This is the
bill:
A BILL to regulate the rights of fishing and the rights of
disposing of the proceeds of the fisheries in and between
the British North American Provinces and the United
States.
Be it enacted hy the Senate and Howe of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congres* assem-
bled, That whenever the President of the United States
shall receive satwfaciory evidence that the fishermen and
fishing vessels of the United State? are admitted to the
common rights and privileges of British Mibjects resident m
the British North American provinces of Canada. New
Brunswick, Nova Scotia. Prince Kdward's Island, and
Newfoundland, to fish in the waters thereof and adjacent
thereto, together with the right of ctinng [andj nj>on the
water and the land. preparing for the market, and selling
therein, the proceeds of suHi fisheries, [both upon the
water and the land,] then he thall issue hi- proclamation
authorizing the fishermen resident in said North Amer-
ican provinces, and fishing vessels of suni prormre« to en-
joy like privileges in the waters o f the United States, to-
gether with the privilege of entering the ports of entry m
the United States, and making sale of fish and the proceeds
of [the tl^lu ries] upon the payment of the same
duties which are required by law of the fishing ves>els and
thnr cargoes belonging to the United States: Provided,
That nothing herein contained shall affect private rights
of fishing, or give any right to occupy private property
except upon agreement.
Sir, the States of this Union are sovereign, and
possess and eujoy all the rights and prerogatives
of sovereignties, except only such as they have
expressly delegated to the General Government
for the common benefit of all the States. As
sovereign States anterior to the formation of the
Constitution, their jurisdiction extended not only
over their rivers, lakes, harbors, and bays, but
over all the seas adjacent and appurtenant to their
shores.
It is unnecessary to determine the precise ex-
tent of this jurisdiction; but I am unwilling, by
any word of assent, to confine it to a marine
