Ib53.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
959
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 desire to inquire of the j
Senator from Kentucky if there has been any es- i
timate made for this purpose by the Department?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. No, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I desire to inquire of
the Chair whether the amendment is in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order,
being reported by direction of a standing commit-
tee.
Mr. HAMLIN. If I remember aright, we had
this application before the Committee on Com-
merce, and we unitedly agreed that it was not
right to report in favor of it. Our consuls, almost
all over the world, are regulated by fees. There ;
are two or three points in Europe where it is act- '
ually necessary to have consuls who are paid sal-
aries. In many places consuls are appointed
without much necessity, and more to gratify in-
dividuals and to aid them in their private purposes
than for anything else. If you begin and estab-
lish salaries for your consuls abroad in one case,
you will be compelled to do it in a variety of
others, and no man can tell where it will end.
There are two or three points where salaries have
been given.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Is not Alexandria one
of those points ?
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir; I believe not.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I understand that it is.
Mr. MANGUM. The Senator from Maine is
totally mistaken. This officer is not simply a
consul, but a consul general. The French con-
sul general at Alexandria received 25,000 francs,
about $5,000, and the English consul .£1,000
sterling; or about $5,000. We paid our consul i
some $3,000, and he was made consul general a j
few years ago, upon the strong recommendation
of the Vice President elect, who had more knowl- j
edge upon that subject than any man in the Sen-
ate. Sir, this gentleman in that miserable climate j
had to live, as the evidence upon file shows, in
the most humble condition. He was compelled
in that hot climate, to remain during the whole
summer months in the city of Alexandria, while
other consuls representing other Governments, i
had their summer residences. He was obliged to
remain in the city, and he sacrificed his life to the
public service. His widow comes here with a !
large family of children, with little means, and I
think no appeal could be made stronger, either to
the justice or to the sympathy of Congress. It
is a very small amount. I move to amend it by
striking out $400, and inserting $500, so as to
provide for $500 a year.
Mr. WELLER. How many years was this
gentleman consul general?
Mr. MANGUM. About three years and a
half.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected,
and the original amendment was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am directed by the
Committee on Territories to offer the following
amendment:
Sec. — Jind beit further enacted, That it shall be law-
ful for the President of the United States to obtain from
Indian tnhes through whose territories the routes or lines
of the travel from the valley of the Mississippi to Califor-
nia and Oregon may pass, the right to establish ferries
across any river or stream intersecting any such route, and
to grant terry privileges over any such river or stream to
any person 'or persons he may deem fit, and upon such
terms as he may deem proper; and the sum of f 10,000 he,
and the same is hereby, appropriated for carrying into effect
the provisions of this section, to be expended by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, under the direction of the President
jf the United States.
It will be seen that the amendment provides that
the President of the United States may regulate
ferries upon the routes to California and Oregon, in
the Indian territory, by the consent of the Indians,
after he shall have procured the right from them.
The emigrants who are going there, when they
get to Green river and other rivers upon the route,
if there are no ferries, have to wait days and
weeks in order to get across, and if there be no
regulation for the ferry-keepers, they charge what
they please. "Whites have gone into that country
and got permission from the Indians to establish
ferries, and they are there without any regulation,
and the emigrants who go to that country get
across the streams with the utmost difficulty, as I
understand.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the amendment will
be voted down.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President, upon the Army
appfopriation bill we adopted a provision cover-
ing this ground, and I think authorizing the con- ,
struction of a wagon road from the Mississippi to |
the Pacific, and providing for the construction of
bridges and the regulation of ferries. I recollect
that ferries were particularly mentioned; and it was
provided that no greater rate of toll should be
charged on them than should be prescribed by the
President of the United States. There can there-
fore be no necessity for this amendment. But, Mr.
President, while I am willing to commit the helm
of State to the President of the United States, lam
not willing to degrade him to the condition of a
mere ferryman over rivers. I am opposed to the
amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Allow me to say, that
the remark of the gentleman is well calculated to
degrade the mover of the amendment instead of the
President of the United States. Sir, the President
of the United States is the functionary to make
arrangements with Indian tribes through the com-
missioners whom he may appoint to make con-
tracts with them; and you cannot reach it in any
other way. The President will not doit in person,
but will do all this business, if it is committed to
him, through an agent. Nobody dreams that he
is to attend to matters of this sort in person. 1
have no recollection of a similar provision having
been adopted in the Army bill.
Mr. PETTIT. It was adopted.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have no right to deny
the statement of the gentleman, but it escaped my
notice, and therefore I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. COOPER. I have an amendment to offer. !|
It is to insert:
For the payment of final-settlement certificate, num
beri-d 255, at the specie value thereof, and with interest, as
computed by the Register of the Treasury, provided sat-
isfactory evidence be produced to the Secretary of the
Treasury that the persons who present the same for pay- ,
ment are the bona fide holders of the same. j$21,750. j
I will not detain the Senate with any remarks |
upon the amendment. I will merely state, that
there .was an estimate last year, but there is no
report of a committee for it.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that this is a
private claim, and therefore out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
opinion of the Chair.
Mr. COOPER. I have done my duty by offer- |
ing the amendment. If it is ruled out of order, I
cannot help it.
Mr. MASON. I now offer the amendment of
which I have given notice, and which has been
printed informally:
Sf.c. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be law-
ful for the Secretary of the Treasury, at any time alter the
first day of July next, to issue to the State of Texas such
portion of the stock mentioned in the first proviso of the
fifth article of the first section of the act entitled " An act
< proposing to the State of Texas the establishment of lier
' northern and western boundaries, the relinquishment by
' the State of all territory claimed by her exterior to said
' boundaries, and of all her claims upon the United States,
' and to establish a territorial government for New Mexico," j
approved September 9, 18M, as shall be equivalent in j
! amount to the releases of the claims of the creditors of ;
Texas against the United States which shall be then filed |
at the Treasury, as in said article is provided ; and in like
manner from month to month to issue said stock, equiva-
lent to such like releases as maybe thereafter filed, until
I i the whole amount of the five millions reserved by said arti-
j cle is exhausted.
1 There are five millions of five per cent, stock in
! the Treasury already printed and filled up, and
1 ready to be issued. There is an existing contract
] made in 1850 with tha State of Texas, by which
; it isprovided that whenever that class of creditors
j of Texas, for whose payment the revenues of
Texas from imports were specifically pledged,
| shall release the United States, that stock is to be
issued to the State of Texas. That is the law.
1 It is part of the compromise, as it is called, of
! 1850. It is an existing contract with Texas to
issue that stock to the State of Texas whenever
the creditors of that class shall release the United
States. The Secretary of the Treasury has con-
strued that law to forbid the issue of any portion
of that stock until every creditor of that class has
i released the United States; and I believe he has
construed it correctly upon its face; but I do not
: believe it was the intention of the law thus to em-
j barrass the issue, although it is so upon its face.
I am informed from sources in which I repose en-
tire credit, that there are about one thousand six
hundred persons of this class of creditors against
Texas. There are about one thousand six hun-
. dred persons holding this class of debt in various
i sums, ranging probably from §500 to $50,000, or to
$150,000. Until every one of them releases theUni-
ted States, as the law now stands, none of them can
be paid through Texas or otherwise. I am informed,
too—I made no inquiry at the Treasury, but I
am informed in general terms—that comparatively
a small amount has been released; only a few hun-
dred thousand dollars. Theobjectof thisamend-
ment is simply to provide that instead of waiting
for the relinquishment of all the creditors of the
State, the Secretary of the Treasury shall be au-
thorized to issue stock to the State of Texas, pur-
suant to the contract, as fast as the releases come
in. That is the whole of the amendment. I do
not mean to go into debate, and if the bill is de-
layed by debate, it will be from other sources; not
by me.
Mr. GWIN. I do not know whetherthe Sen-
ator intends to delay it by debate or not, but look
at the facts. We have now been here eight hours
in session. We are about finishing up the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill. If this amend-
ment be seriously persisted in, we shall probably
spend the remainder of the night, and lose all the
appropriation bills. Gentlemen may say there is
to be no debate, but let them look at the desk of
my friend from Texas [Mr. Rusk.] He has
volumes there which it will take hours to read, and
he has a speech two months old on the subject.
Mr. MASON. He is in favor of my amend-
ment.
Mr. GWIN. But he is going to speak. I hope
this Texas debt question wili not be introduced at
this late hour of the session and of the day, for I
am certain that it will lead to a long and unprofit-
able debate. So far as action is concerned, it will
be like the iron question; we shall have a long
discussion, and finally the proposition will be
withdrawn, or it will be voted down.
I Mr. BUTLER. I ask nothing but a vote on
| this amendment. It is a proposition involving
considerations of private justice. Here is a fund
of $,5,000,000, and there are persons entitled to
take it. They are willing to take their share of it
under the terms prescribed by Texas. They are
willing and anxious to come in and sign their re-
leases and take their money, as much as they are
entitled to it according to the administration of
Texas. Can it be possible that a confederation of
a portion of these creditors will have it in their
I power to deny to those who are willing to accept
and sign off, the right to do so? It is as palpable
a case of injustice as I have ever seen presented.
I cannot go into this subject to-night I know; but
if you allow a few of those persons who are cred-
itors to forbid others who are willing to take their
share of this fund from coming in and taking it, it
is nothing in the world but a dog in the manger,
using his power to forbid others taking what he
himself cannot enjoy. I could go into a long ar-
gument on the subject; but, like my friend from
Virginia, I will not argue it, but present it as a
naked proposition. There are $5,000,000 in the
I Treasury, and there are those who are willing to
j accept, their share of it. Is it to be in the power
of others to deny it' If others choose to say
they will not take it, let them not forbid those who
are willing to take it. That is all we ask on the
part of those willing to accept. You may put it
in either one point of view or the other. We
made Texas our administrator to distribute assets
and say what is due; or, you may view it as an
assignment on the part of Texas; and she asks the
creditors to come in and sign off, as we lawyers
say. Now it would be a monstrous proposition,
when a debtor had assigned so much for all his
1 creditors, that it should be in the power of any
■ portion of them to deny others from taking what
they choose to accept.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator from Virginia has
truly stated the provisions of the act of 1850. 1
have no manner of question of the correctness of
the construction placed upon that act by the Sec-
j retary of the Treasury. Though I cannot pre-
tend to speak as to what was the sense of the Sen-
ate at the time of the passage of that act, I can
speak as to what was the object and purpose of
the member of the Senate who introduced the bill
of 1850. I introduced that bill and drew up that
provision myself; and it was my object, here
avowed on the floor of the Senate, by that pro-
vision to compel Texas and the creditors of TexaS,
if possible, to come to some agreement. I hoped
that it would result in action by that State very
' different from what has been adopted.
