960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1.
The object of the Senator from Virginia, if car-
ried out, will give a very different result from that
which the Senator from South Carolina seemed to
suppose. I should have no objection to the propo-
sition if the action of Texas towards her credit-
ors was equal. If she allowed them to come in
and share alike, there would have been no reason
for objecting to the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia. But it proposes a different thing.
It is not to allow each one to have his share, as
the Senator says, of this money, but to allow one
set of creditors to have seven eighths of what is
due them upon the face of the obligations which
they hold, and another class but seven tenths of
what is due them on the obligations which they
hold.
Mr. MASON. The Senator will allow me to
put this question to him: I ask him if the amend-
ment which I offer does not leave the law of 1850
precisely where it stands, with the exception that
instead of waiting until all the creditors release,
you issue stock to Texas as fast as they release?
Does not my amendment leave the law exactly
as it stands with that modification ?
Mr. PEARCE. It leaves it in this condition:
It leaves the fund reduced by large payments to
one class, and an insufficient fund for the payment
of another class.
Mr. MASON. I am sure the Senator will give
me an answer to my question. I ask him if the
amendment which I propose does not leave the
law of JS50 precisely as it is? Does it not leave
all questions between Texas and her creditors
where that law left them, with a single modifica-
tion, that the stock shall be issued as fast as the
releaBes come in, instead of requiring all to come in
before any shall be issued '
Mr. PEARCE. I am pointing out the precise
point in which I think it differs from the statement
of the honorable Senator. I say that the operation of
the amendment is to give one portion a larger share
than others; to give one class eighty-seven and a
half cents, and another but twenty cents on the
dollar. My reason for withholding assent to the
Senator's proposition is, because I am unwilling to
give the sanction of Congress to any such in-
equality.
Mr. MASON. The Senator will allow me a
moment. I ask him if that law of Texas by which
the debt of Texas was regulated or scaled, was
not passed in 1848, two years before we passed the
law of 1850 ?
Mr. PEARCE. I am not sure of the precise
date, but it is to be observed, at any rate, that
there has been further legislation on the subject
by Texas since. I do not know the precise time
at which these different creditors were scaled, ;
whether it was done before the passage of that act j
or not; I do not profess to be exactly informed on
that. I have not now by me the papers on the
subject. I know there has been legislation by
Texas since; and I believe the report of the Aud-
itor and Comptroller of Texas, classifying these \
dates, was made subsequent to the passage of the j
boundary act, and that it was confirmed and !
adopted by the Legislature subsequent to the pas- |
sage of the boundary act. I am pretty sure of
that now.
Well, sir, I do not intend to recapitulate all that
I have had occasion to say to the Senate hereto-
fore on this subject. I think it is unnecessary,
and it would be improper. But this proposition,
it seems to me, is to ask us to contribute to a pro-
cedure which places the different classes of the
creditors of Texas upon unequal ground. Sir,
I am not willing to measure out justice by one
scale to one set of creditors, and by another scale
to a different set of creditors. I want to do equal
justice to all. I do not acknowledge the right of
Texas to require of us to assent to an act of her
Legislature, by which she declares one of her ob-
ligations, held by one creditor, good for $900 on
the $1,000, and another obligation, held by an-
other creditor, good for only $900 on the $1,000.
I have no objection, indeed, to her marshaling the
assets in the sense in which assets are usually said
to be marshaled. I have no objection to her
making any arrangement, with the consent of the
creditors, which she cnn make; and that I hoped
ehe would do. I wish that we shall not make
fish of one and flesh of another. While we pro-
vide for the payment of a portion of these cred-
itors, we should provide for the payment of the
rest of them on equal terms. I will not con-
sume the time of the Senate, but I send to the
Chair an amendment, as a substitute for that of
the Senator from Virginia. It is the proposition
which has been reported by me from the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to make this remark
before the amendment is read. The amendment
of the Senator from Virginia compels no man to
receive one dollar, but gives the creditors the op-
tion, if they choose to receive their money at the
scaled rate, to do so. That is the whole amount
of it.
Mr. CLARKE. That is just precisely what
we object to. According to the scale that has been
( made, as the honorable Senator from Maryland
!j says, one class ofcreditors has been allowed eighty-
i seven and a half or ninety cents on the dollar,
and another class has been allowed only twenty
cents on the dollars. You have got in the Treas-
ury of the United States five millions of dollars,
l' which, with the interest, now amounts to five and a
half millions, which is held in trust by the United
States for the payment of these creditors. Why
is it there? It is because the Government of the
United States has indirectly recognized its obliga-
tion to pay those (febts for which the revenues of
Texas were specifically pledged. I say, sir, that
: theGovernment of the United States has indirectly
recognized it. Such claims were made here and
they were rejected; but upon the settlement of this
boundary question, and upon the compromise
bill, an appropriation of $10,000,000 was made
to Texas for such and such lines of territory,
$5,000,000 weregranted, and $5,000,000 were held
back. Why were they held back ? It was that
those creditors who supposed they had claims on
the United States, predicated upon the hypotheca-
j tion of the revenues of the Republic of Texas, had
I some equitable demand against the United States.
i| Now what is the fact?
j' Mr. TOUCEY. May I interrupt the honorable
; Senator a moment, and ask for the reading of the
i amendment of the Senator from Maryland?
j| Mr. CLARKE. Certainly.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the amendment,
and insert:
That the Secretary of the Treasury shall be authorized,
nnderthe direction of the President of the United States, to
have prepared and issued for the purposes, and to the ex-
tent hereinafter specified, certificates of stock, redeemable
at the pleasure of the United States after twenty years,
bearing interest at the rate of three per cent, per annum
from tiie 1st day of January, 1851, payable semi-annually
on the 1st days of January and July of each year: Pro-
videdj That the whole amount of said stock so authorized
to be issued shall not exceed $8,333,000: And provided
farther, That no certificate of said stock shall be issued for
the fractional part of $100.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to ascertain, in such
mode and under sueli rules and regulations as may he pre-
scribed bv the President ofthe United States, which clashes,
and to what amount, of the debt of the late Republic of
' Texas, the payment of the interest or principal of which the
j duties on imports of said Republic were generally or spe-
j eially pledged; and when the same is ascertained to the
satisfaction of the said Secretary of the Treasury, he is
I hereby authorized to adjust and pay the same, by an issue
j and delivery to the parties owning or holding the same, or
I to their duly-constituted representatives, of an equal amount
I of said three per cent, stock at its par value, in the mode
; hereinafter stated, besides the interest which may have ac-
crued on the same since the 1st ofjanuary,18ol, upon said
I parties giving and filing m the Treasury Department a full
I assignment of the said certificates or other evidences of
said debt; and where any original certificates or other evi-
dences of said debt have been surrendered up to the author-
ities of the State of Texas, and new certificates have been
issued therefor by the said State, said new certificates shall
be received as evidence ofthe original amount of the claim.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the classes of
the public debt of the Republic of Texas mentioned in the
, foregoing section, are those for payment of the principal or
interest of which the revenue from customs was specially
I pledged, or for which a pledge ofthe revenues generally was
made, whether borne on the face of the obligations or given
by the act of the Republic of Texas, of January 14, 1840, or
which were made receivable for public dues—excluding
such evidences of debt as were authorized by law subse-
quent to the said act of January 14,1840, unless the act so
authorizing thein contained such pledge or made them re-
ceivable for public dues; and excluding also all other debts
not evidenced by Treasury notes or interest-bearing bonds.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That, in estimating
the amount of such debt as may be held hv any parties, sim-
ple interest t-hall be included up to the 1st of January, 1851,
at the rate which may be specified on the respective certifi-
cates or other evidences of the debt which may have been
issued by the late Republic of Texas.
Sec. 5. And be it further cnacted, That, in case the whole
amount of that portion of the debt of Texas authorized to
be settled by this act should be found to exceed the sum of
$8,333,000, then the stock authorized to be issued by this
act shall be distnbuted among theholders of such portion of
■aid debt; but the said holders, nevertheless, shall exccutea
full release to the United States for the full amount of their
respective claims against Texas as hereinbefore provided
for, and no claim of the said holders of certificates or evi-
dence*- of debt shall be received and allowed at the Treas-
uiy alter the first of July, 1853, at which time the payment
and distribution aforesaid shall commence.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That, for all sums
under $ 100, not included in certificates of stock as herein
provided for, payment shall be made at the Treasury 01 the
United States in cash.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That, whenever there
shall be more than .$10,000,000 in the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, and in the opinion of the President it shall be
expedient to do so, the Secretary of the Treasury be, and
I, lie is hereby, authorized to purchase the said stock at the
current market rate.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the issue of said
stock as hereinbefore provided, shall not be made until the
assent of the Legislature of Texas shall be given thereto.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask the Senator from
Rhode Island whether it would not consist with
his convenience for me to move an adjournment.
Mr. CLARKE. I have no objection.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE. Mr. President, I am very
much indebted to the Senate for not having ad-
journed upon this question, as just at this mo-
ment I am very well prepared to speak upon the
question, which appears to me to be of very deep
interest to the country.
Mr. President, how comes this claim from the
creditors of Texas upon the Treasury of the Uni-
1 ted States, from which emanated the provision in
the compromise bill, as it was called, of 1850, by
which $10,000,000 were appropriated to the State
1 of Texas, $5,000,000 of which were to be issued
i in stock to theState, and$5,000,000 to be retained
in the Treasury? It is well known that at the
time when the compromise bill was under consid-
eration in the Senate of the United States, a very
great alarm was felt and expressed that the Union
was in danger, and the country was about to be
disrupted, and everything was to be thrown into
confusion; the great Pacific, just then coming in,
! was to be an independent empire; the South was
to be a southern confederacy; and the North to be
a poor, abandoned, miserable country. At that
time there was a proposition made here, as is well
known, that certain provision should be made for
quieting the claim of the State of Texas to certain
lines of boundary to which she professed to have
a title, comprehending a part of what was form-
erly the Mexican province of New Mexico, and
; reaching to the Rio Grande. That was contested,
and at length to settle that conflicting claim a pro-
vision was introduced, and that provision was in-
troduced by the honorable Senator from Mary-
land to my certain knowledge—after the compro-
mise bill had been in a measure defeated, in order
to quiet entirely the title of Texas to the lands
lying between her actual boundaries and the Rio
Grande, and to quiet the question of State rights,
whether Texas was to be interfered with by the
United States or whether the Government of the
United States was to surrender its own jurisdic-
tion over this territory to the claim made by the
State of Texas.
Prior to that time, certain creditors of the State
of Texas, who had on the very face of the bonds
issued by that Stale a claim against the revenues
of Texas, came here. The revenues of Texas
were hypothecated for the payment of their claims,
and those creditors came here, and by their me-
I morial asked the United States, in consequence of
, having annexed Texas, to recognize and pay their
claims. It was then provided in the bill of the
honorable Senator from Maryland, in order to
release the United States from these claims, that
$5,000,000 of the indemnity proposed to-be paid
to Texas for assenting to such boundary lines aa
were there provided, should be issued to Texas,
and that $5,000,000 should be retained in the
Treasury. For what purpose were they retained ?
For the payment of the claims for which the rev-
enues of Texas were hypothecated, and for which,
incidentally, in consequence of annexation, the
United States were, as the creditors said, bound
to pay. That bill passed. The $5,000,000 were
issued to Texas, and $5,000,000 more remained in
the Treasury. Sir, in my opinion, the United
States stand in the character of a trustee of those
$5,000,000 in the Treasury for the creditors,
whose claims are based on the revenuesof Texas;
and that no more should be paid than is absolutely
due to the creditors.
