962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March I,
think will meet precisely the equity of this case,
and which accords pretty much with my views.
Mr. BRIGHT. I presume my amendment is
not now in order; but it will be entirely proper for
me to state the substance of it, in order that the
honorable Senator who has the floor may have an
opportunity of discussing it as he proceeds. 1
give notice that if the amendment now pending
shall be voted down, I shall offer the following:
That the sum of {$5,000,000, with interest thereon from
the first day of January, 18ol, is hereby appropriated to be
divided pro rata among those creditors of the late Republic
of Texas for whose claims the revenues of the said Re-
public were pledged, according to the decision of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, confirmed by the President of the
United States, under date of September 13, 1851, to wit:
The holders of the certificates, or other evidences of debt
issued under the acts of June 7 and June 9,1837, of Novem-
ber 18, 1836, May 16. 1836, January -32, 1839, and January
14, 1840, and one of the acts of February 5, 1840, as de-
£pcribed in said report of said Secretary: Provided, That
the said creditors shall, on or before the first day of July,
make a full assignment to the Fnited States of said
certificates or other evidence of debt; and where the ori-
ginal certificates or other evidences of said debt have been
surrendered up tn the authorities of the Stale of Texas, and
new certificates have been issued therefor by the said State,
paid new cerTifieates shall be received as evidence of the
original amount of said claim, and shall be assigned accord-
ingly.
Mr. DE SAUSSURE. The Senator will allow
me to ask him a question. I want an explanation
of that amendment. I understand the mover to
say that the $5,000,000 mentioned in the amend-
ment are to be confined exclusively to that class
of creditors who have a mortgage upon the cus-
toms.
Mr. BRIGHT. I will answer the question of
the honorable Senator from South Carolina. The
$5,000,000, together with the interest and pre-
mium, named in that amendment, are intended to
be applied to the payment of the debt for which
the revenues of Texas were understood to be
pledged at the time of her annexation. The object
of the amendment is to divide that amount, pre-
mium and interest, pro rata among the creditors
according to the face of the debt.
Mr. DE SAUSSURE. That class of creditors?
Mr. BRIGHT. I understand that the reserva-
tion of five millions, made by the boundary act,
was considered to be sufficient to cover the debts
for which the customs revenues of Texas were
pledged. That was the impression on the mind
of the honorable Senator from Maryland at the
time he prepared the boundary act. Subsequent
examination proves, however, that the five mil-
lions are not sufficient to cover the amount. The
object of this amendment is, I repeat, to retain
the five millions of dollars for the benefit of the
creditors who hold that class of debt for which
the revenues of Texas were pledged.
Mr. BUTLER. I want an explanation before
I can really understand the remarks of my hon-
orable friend from Rhode Island. Do I under-
stand from the honorable Senator who offers this
amendment 
Mr. BRIGHT. I have not offered it. I have
merely given notice that I intend to offer it.
Mr. BUTLER. It is an arrangement between
the Senators, as I understand. One offers the
amendment, and the other speaks to it.
Mr. BRIGHT. There was no arrangement at
all, sir. I have merely stated, that if the pending
amendments be voted down, I shall offer this.
Mr. BUTLER. Oh! I understand it perfectly.
Mr. CLARKE. It is an interpleader. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BUTLER. I want to know distinctly
from the gentlemen, who understand each other,
I have no doubt, whether the man who paid but
twenty, and the one who paid eighty cents on the
dollar, shall pfo rata receive their proportion of
these five millions of dollars? In other words,
are they to be perfectly equal so far as regards the
receipt, without regard to the scaling? I suppose
that is it.
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir; that is it.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 would state that I had no
reference in my amendment to debts scaled or not
scaled. I supposed that Texas intended to pay
all the debts which upon their face she appeared
entitled to pay, or in other words that she did not
intend to repudiate any portion of her debt. I
have as authority on that point the message of the
honorable Senator from Texas, [Mr. Houston,]
when President of that Republic. He said that
she never would repudiate any portion of her just
debts. The object of my amendment, as stated
before, is to pay the debt of Texas according to
its face, and if the amount in the Treasury is not
sufficient for that purpose, to divide it pro rata,
without any reference to scaling.
Mr. BRADBURY. I should like to propound
one question. I wish to know when the scaling
took place? "Was it previous to the time of the
passage of the compromise measures or since? I
understand that the scaling took place since.
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would like to know how
the fact is ?
Mr. PEARCE. I can now state it precisely,
I think. In March, 1848, the Legislature of
Texas passed an act, entitled " An act to provide
for the ascertainment of the public debt of the
late Republic of Texas." The fourth section of
that act directed the Auditor and Comptroller of
Accounts to make a statement and classification of
the debts, and to state what, in their opinion, was
the amount received by the Republic upon each
class of debts; and this scaling which the Auditor
and Comptroller were thus called upon to make
was subject to the revision and affirmation of the
Legislature of Texas. The Legislature never
passed any scaling act until 1852. The date of
the act is January 31, 1852, by which she scaled
the debts as they are. There was no other scaling
act.
Mr. BRADBURY. Then the scaling took
place since the passage of the boundary act?
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir.
Mr. RUSK. It was in 1848.
Mr. CLARKE. I have said that there was a
misrepresentation and a misunderstanding, to say
the least of it, not of mine or by any friend of the
State of Texas, but a misrepresentation here of
the amount of the debt for which the customs
revenues of Texas were hypothecated, and for
which the Government of the United States were
incidentally and hypothetically bound. An esti-
mate was made of these debts at the time, and it
was understood that they did not exceed four and
a half millions of dollars.
By the provision of the boundary act, acceded
to by the Senators from Texas, and supposed to
be satisfactory to every one, $5,000,000 were to
remain in the Treasury of the United States for
the benefit of these creditors. Now, what was
the honest expectation in regard to that transac-
tion? It was, that when the first $5,000,000 of
the $10,000,000 granted were issued to the State
of Texas, they themselves would take up those
claims for which their revenues were hypothecated,
and for which the United States had, in some
measure, incidentally acknowledged themselves
to be bound, and file releases for them in the
Treasury of the United States, and then receive
their second issue of five millions of stock; but
what was the result ? The result was, that the
State of Texas, after having called in her debts,
and having found out that the whole of the debts
for which her customs revenues were hypotheca-
ted, and for which the credit of the United States
seemed to be bound, amounted to about $8,330,000.
Instead of appropriating #5,000,000, which was
issued according to the act of 1850, to the State
of Texas to redeem these obligations, that State
appropriated the $5,000,000 to her own use, as she
had a right to do. I complain not of that. But
then she introduced this system of scalage upon
the claims for which the revenues from customs
were hypothecated, and according to the statements
made by the honorable Senator from Maryland,
the scalage was not perfected until 1852. Then
what was the condition of things ?
If you adopt the proposition of the honorable
Senator from Virginia, you pay these debts ac-
cording to the scalage of the State ofTexas. Those
who are satisfied with the scalage, or who have
got the largest amount, will come in and take their
portion. To that 1 am opposed. If you do not
do that, what will you do? The next proposition
is from the honorable Senator from Maryland, to
increase your own obligations to the amount Of
$8,333,000. There is about this proposition a
speciousness which 1 beg honorable Senators to
look at. It is said that if you issue $8,333,000
of stock, bearing an interest of three per cent, per
annum, the interest upon that will amount to pre-
cisely the same thing as it would at five per cent,
upon $5,000,000 of stock; but it must be remem-
bered that you have the principal to pay at some
time, and whenever you pay the principal you
pay $3,333,000 more than you are bound to pay
by the act of 1850. That is the whole story.
The honorable Senator fiom Indiana lins sug-
gested an amendment, and it has been said on an
understanding with me 
1 Mr. BUTLER. I do not know that there was
! an understanding, but you spoke of his amend-
j ment as though you knew something about it.
Mr. CLARKE. 1 was complimented by the
honorable Senator from South Carolina even say-
ing that I had an understanding about it, but it is
no such thing. The Senator from Indiana sug-
gested to me that he had an amendment which he
thought would meet the case. It is precisely the
thing that 1 have proposed for the last year to all
persons who have entreated me in regard to these
debts of Texas. I have told gentlemen out of
doors and in doors, that that was the only prop-
osition which the Government of the United States
could be expected to offer. Outside influence is
talked of. Sir, there has been as much of it
brought to bear upon me by friends, and their so-
licitations, as on any one, but I would never yield
to it. I have always told them, here are $5,000,000,
with interest, in the Treasury of the United States,,
which is a trust fund for the creditors; and I have
told them a proposition a little different from that
of the honorable Senator from Indiana, and it was
this: We have now got in the Treasury sixteen
or seventeen millions; and when these creditors
approached me—and small as my own State, is,
there are some persons there who have got these
bonds, and took them in good faith in a shape
bearing a resemblance to bank bills, but in a little
corner the revenues of Texas were hypothecated
for their payment—I have said to them, Your best
expectation and hope is to get the Congress of the
United States to apply these $5,000,000 with in-
terest to the payment of your debts pro rata. I
am satisfied with the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Indiana, and I hope it will be adopt-
ed.
Mr. BUTLER. I want to makean apology to
my friend from Rhode Island, for he says he did
not understand the amendment before. I supposed
from the manner in which it was done that he
knew what the amendment of the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana was.
Mr. CLARKE. I knew it when I heard it
Did you not know it before ?
I never saw it or heard it be-
• read.
Mr. BUTLER.
Mr. CLARKE.
, fore.
j Mr. BUTLER. I thought that perhaps you
; had some understanding about it.
i Mr. CLARKE. The Senator from Indiana
asked me to yield to allow him to submit it, and I
did so, and I would extend the same courtesy to
the honorable Senator from South Carolina.
I Mr. BUTLER. I have no doubt of it.
j Mr. BRIGHT. I would state that I did ask
| the honorable Senator from Rhode Island to per-
mit me to offer it.
Mr. CLARKE. I never saw it or heard it
throughout until it was read; but while the vote
was being taken the last time on the motion to ad-
journ, the honorable Senator from Indiana sug-
gested to me that he had such an amend ment, and
asked me to give way.
Mr. BUTLER. I must do justice to myself in
any matter which is personal. The honorable
Senator from Rhode Island stated that the honor-
able Senator from Indiana had an amendment
which might perhaps settle the question. I do
not say that he knew what it was, but I presumed
from that that he had great confidence at least,
in what the Senator from Indiana said.
Mr. CLARKE. I say precisely. I beg the
Senator from South Carolina to understand me,
for he and I are not to misunderstand each other,
that when the question was being taken on the
adjournment, the Senator from Indiana suggest-
ed to me he had such an amendment, and stated
in brief terms what it was, and I told him it was
precisely according to my own ideas.
Mr. BRIGHT. That is so.
Mr. CLARKE. Then the honorable Senator
asked ine to give way and allow him to introduce
it. I told him if he would allow me to go on with
my remarks I would come to a point where it
might be introduced. There is the whole story;
the sum and substance of it, without prevarica-
tion, coloring, or dissimulation, in any manner.
Now, air, the proposition of the Senator from
