964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
received of the country, made an investment, I
think, to the amount of £59,000. That, mark
you, is the amount which he claims of Texas—
not that he actually invested $59,000 in good funds.
If he invented $-.>5,000, it is the most extraordi-
nary piece of stupidity that ever was in the world.
He might as well have thrown the money in the
bayous of that neighborhood, for money had
very much depreciated there. It may well be
doubted whether he ever invested even §15,000.
He stated, that from these circumstances, he had
no hesitancy in leaving his money to be invested
there. I understand this, and although I give this
from hearsay, 1 think that the facts will bear me
out. He did invest his money, or a friend did it
for him. Up to this time he had no transaction
with the government of Texas, but with the citi-
zens of Texas, who had received this money in
consideration of supplies furnished to the army,
services rendered in the army, and service done
generally to their country.* in their hands the
obligations had depreciated, and it was with these
individuals, under a pressure of necessity, that
this gentleman had the*e transactions. Whether
this ought to be characterized as speculation I
know not, nor do I care. But this I do know; he
left his money to be invested, and it was invested
in 1841, when Texas money had depreciated to
sixteen cents on the dollar.
This is the gentleman who now comes forward
with the most chivalrous complaints against the
State of Texas for the manner in which he has
been treated. 1 have given the facts of the case,
and will leave it for others to decide whether the
transaction partakes of the nature of speculation.
As I have before stated, this gentleman had no
transaction with the government of Texas to the
amount of one dollar; nor did he get his certifi-
cates at their face value. If he was civilly treated
it was because we received well all respectable
strangers, whether they came as visitors to see ,
our country, or on speculation, or whatever view 1
they came with.
The s-entleman to whom the Senator from Ken-
tucky alTuded, says that he gave money to sustain
the war of Texas, and to uphold her cause. If he
did, let him bring forward his vouchers. If he
was so indifferent, or so superabundantly rich that
it was unnecessary to husband his means, he
ought not to bring it up as a charge against Texas.
If he contributed anything to her aid, he ought to
have takc-n vouchers for it, and to have come for- .
ward as he would have done in Tennessee or Ken-
tucky. And if he had done so, he would have
received dollar for dollar, and cent for cent.
But, sir, that gentleman says that was not all;
but that he also sent his son equipped to aid Texas
in her war; that in this way he contributed to her |
aid and to her cause. The young man was a
gallant fellow. I accord to him all therespectthat
a father can demand of me. But he was engaged
in that unfortunate and lawless expedition to Santa
Fe, a bill to authorize which was met by almost
instant rejection, when simultaneously introduced
into both branches of the Texan Congress; it was
literally kicked out of Congress. As soon, how-
ever, as the Congress adjourned, the then Presi-
dent ordered, upon his own responsibility, that
expedition, which costa million and a half of dol-
lars; obligations for which were issued from the
treasury, without warrant or appropriation by
Congress, upon his individual responsibility. The
arms of the Republic, and all its means of defense,
were taken, and it was left without one keg of
powder. Upon that unfortunate expedition, which
was totally without authority of law, this young
man went. He joined it from motives of chivalry '
and gallant bearing, which I commend. The ex-
pedition itself, however, was unprofitable to Texas, 'j
If he was incarcerated in the prisons of Mexico,
it was not by the contrivance of the Texan author-
ities, but it was by a lawless usurpation of power,
which would have incurred punishment, if the in-
dividual had been worthy of being punished; but
as he was not, we excused him, and let his tears
wash away his sins.
We are further told that this young man now
fills a bloody grave, leaving it to be inferred that it
is in Texas; and that the father, therefore, in his 1
demand agaiust Texas, claims the sympathy, the
commiseration, and the kind feelings, of every
one, and the gratitude of Texas. Sir, that youn<* ;
man unfortunately fell in a civil broil in Louisi- 1
ana, on the banks of the Mississippi, hundreds of I
miles away from Texas. Yet this was brought up
as one of the charges against Texas, that she had
not only cheated the father, but had brought the
son to a bloody grave, and thus aggravated the
enormous offense of swindling him.
But let him go to the poor men from the hard
earnings of whose hands his tempting funds were
wrung. He obtained them at a depreciated price,
and funded them at the Treasury, no doubt expect-
ing to reap a handsome advance upon them. Sir,
Texas has been just, and she will be just. You
need exercise no supervision over her justice. "Jus-
tice" has been her motto; and, while she wears
that motto she will always have " right " written
beside it.
JVIr. PHELPS. Mr. President 
Mr. NORR1S. If the Senator will allow me, I
will move that the Senate now adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall sit out the bill
to-night.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays upon
the motion to adjouin; and they were ordered; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 24; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bradbury, Bright, Chase,
Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Dawson, De Saussure.Fitzpatriok,
Foot, James, Jones ot Iowa, Jones ol'Tennessee, Miller,
Norris, Phelps, Piatt, Seward, Smith, Soule, Spruance,
Sumner, and CmU'rwood—24.
NAY'S—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Borland, Brodhead,
Butler, Cass, Dodge of Iowa, Feleh, Geyer, Gwm, Hale,
Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, Malloty, Mason, Morton, Petnt,
Rusk, Sebastian, Shields,Toucey, YYalker, and YYeller—J4.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I certainly am very reluctant
to trouble the Senate, and 1 shall endeavor in what
I have to say to be as concise as possible. I was
one of those who sustained the boundary bill of
1850, when it was introduced by the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Pearce] 
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will allow me,
I will move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. PHELPS. I yield the floor.
Mr. GW1N called for the yeas and nays upon
the motion to adjourn.
They were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 19, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bradbury, Chase, Clarke,
Cooper, Davis, Dawson, De Saussure, Fitzpatriek, Foot,
Jones of Iowa, Miller, Norns, Pratt, Seward, Smith, Spru-
ance, Sumner, and Cnderwood—19.
NAYS—Messis. Badger, Bayard, Borland, Bright, Brod-
head, Brooke. Butler, ('ass, Dodge of Iowa, Feleh, Fish,
Gejer, Gwm, Hale, Hamlin. Houston, Hunter, Jones of
Tennessee, Malloty, Mason, Morton, Pettit. Husk, Sebas-
tian, Shields, Soule, Toucey, Walker, and VVeller—J9.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I was one of those who not \
only voted for the boundary law of 1850, which
is the subject of our discussion, but I exerted my-
self to the utmost of my ability to procure its
passage. I must say, however, that neither upon
that occasion nor on this, have I had the least con- '
ception that in the enactment of that law we were
committing ourselves to these debts of Texas.
The position of things at that time will be well '
understood by gentlemen who were then members :
of this body. The bill introduced by the honor-
able Senator from Maryland was the initiatory
measure, the opening-wedge to a series of meas-
ures then contemplated to settle a very trouble-
some and a very complicated controversy. The
question with respect to the boundary of Texas,
was settled by proposing to give to her a sum of
money to relinquish her claim to certain territory.
But at the same time a claim had been advanced
upon this floor against the United States, by cer-
tain creditors of Texas, upon the supposition that
by the annexation of that Republic to this, the i
United States became responsible for her debts.
This claim being then in question, it was
deemed expedient, if that series of measures should ■
be passed, to putan end to the whole controversy,
and to extinguish this claim among others. In '
that view oi the case, after having provided, in
the first section of the bill, for the payment of ,
§10,000,000 to Texas, a subsequent proviso was
introduced into the bill by which $5,000,000 of the
$10,000,000, which was the money of Texas and
not ours, according to the stipulation, was to be
retained in our Treasury until the claim upon the
United States was released. My understanding at
the time—and it will be recollected that I had some
little participation in these measures—was not that
the claim of these creditors was recognized as a val-
id claim against the United States; but the purpose i
of this proviso was, as I have mentioned, to place
the subject upon that footing that we should hear
no more of it. And such is my understanding of
the bill as it was finally passed. We provided by
the bill for the payment of $10,000,000 to Texas,
in consideration of Texas relinquishing her claim
to certain territory. We then provided, not that
the United States should be responsible for these
debts, not that the United States should charge
themselves with their payment; but that such
measures should be taken on the part of Texas as
would induce her creditors to file a release of their
claim against the United States. This is my un-
derstanding of the law as it stands.
Now let me ask what there is in the provision
of that act which recognizes the liability contended
for' Is there anything more obvious than that
the proposition to Texas was simply this: We
will pay you $10,000,000; but you must take care
that we hear no more of your creditors. That
was my understanding of the bill, and it is cer-
tainly, according to my reading, the true inter-
pretation of the act now.
This claim originated in a very different con-
troversy. The idea that the United States would
become liable for these debts, provided the meas-
ure of annexation took place, was thrown out on
this side of the Chamber as a make-weight against
annexation. It originated with some distinguished
men m this body. It was seized upon, I will not
say by all of us on this side of the Chamber—for
I never used it—it was used as an argument by
many of my political friends for what it was
worth against the measure of annexation, which
we were then resisting.
Now, sir, in the present stage of this contro-
versy a debate has arisen with respect to what has
been termed the scaling of this debt; and it has
been argued that Texas has done injustice to her
creditors. Whether she has or has not done so,
is not my business to inquire, for I regard it a
matter between her and her creditors, with which,
in my humble judgment, we have no concern.
By what authority, upon what ground, do we
take it upon ourselves to settle this controversy
between other parties? We are not made the
guardians of Texas. We were not authorized,
not called upon, by the act of 1850 to satisfy this
debt; but we merely stipulated for our own securi-
ty, that Texas herself sliould make such provision
as would relieve us from all embarrassment upon
the subject. Then, upon what principles can we'
go into the inquiry how much is justly and equi-
tably due between Texas and her creditors? Why,
sir, it has been said that we are trustees of this
fund. That is by no means the case. We do
not hold this money for the creditors of Texas.
We hold it back as a sort of pledge to redeem our-
selves from the claim. But when the money is
paid it must be paid to Texas; and whenever she
performs the condition, there is an obligation on
this Government to pay her. How can we inter-
pose between that State and her creditors, when
upon the very face of the transaction the money is
to be regarded as hers, to be paid to her upon a
condition which she in the outset is to perform?
This does not partake of the character of a trust.
There is no stipulation in the boundary act which
intimates that it is our duty to scale this debt, and
to determine how much is justly due. So far,
therefore, as the argument is concerned that it is
the duty of this Government to interfere and settle
this matter, I have only to say, that this is a mat-
ter betvyeen Tgtffe and her creditors which con-
cerns her honor, with res; ect to which we are
neither implicated nor have any authority to inter-
vene. So much for that.
Now the question is, what shall be done? Here
are three several propositions before us. The
first is the proposition of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, which in myjudgment is the only one which
we can with propriety adopt. This provision
varies the original terms of the compact, simply
so far as this: By the original terms, the condi-
tion was to be performed in toto before Texas
could claim the five millions; but by the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Virginia, we are to pay
Texas prorata as far as she mav proceed in the
performance of that condition. This, if I under-
stand the amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, is the only difference which is made be-
tween the original contract and the amendment
now before us.
What is the objection to this proposition ? Why
