1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
965
people of Texas, not by virtue of her sovereignty '
transferred to us, but by virtue of the power con- !
ferred in the Constitution of the United States,.to
which she is a party. This revenue which we
raise is both in its origin and in its purposes totally
different from that which that Republic raised in
pay trie siate ot i exus; anu mac proposition the contest for her separate existence. The one
leaves the controversy in relation to the scaling was levied by Texas for the sole use of that Re-
public, and to provide for every purpose of State '
necessity; the other is levied for the benefit of the
United States, and for certain special purposes
confided to the General Government by the Con-
stitution. This being the case, the revenues
which we derive from imports, from the people of
Texas, are neither identical with revenues sur-
rendered by her on acceding to the Union, nor
a substitute for them. In what sense, then, can
it be said that we have taken the revenues of
Texas ?
But, sir, there is soraethingfurther connected with
this subject. The Secretary of the Treasury has
come to the conclusion—I will not say strangely,
but he has come to the conclusion—that a general
pledge of all the revenues of Texas for the satis-
, faction of her debts is equivalent to a specific
pledge of her revenues from imports. I have
taken a totally different view of this subject.
When Texas pledged her revenues generally, she
reserved it to herself in her discretion to levy those
revenues in any mode or manner which she might
: deem expedient. She was under no obligation to
raise a revenue from imports. She might have
adopdp the suggestion of her neighbor from
Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,] and resorted to direct
taxation, if she pleased. She might have disposed
of her public lands—might have abolished her im-
posts; and how could her creditors complain?
Would it have been in violation of her contract
with her creditors. Did she bind herself to ruise
a revenue in this manner? Not at all. When i
therefore by her accession to this Union she re-
stricted herself in this particular, and abolished
her imposts, she did no more than exercise the
discretion reserved at the time of the pledge.
Then we come to the case of a specific pledge—
and I use the word pledge in the sense in which it
is used here—in a loose, and not technical sense.
What is the character of that specific pledge? I
have already described it as a pledge of the reve- '
nue from imposts, like that of ner other revenues
subject to the prior lien of State necessity. What
was to be done with that revenue? It was to be
' consumed to the very last fraction if the necessi-
ties of the State called for it before her creditors
could have any claim to an appropriation for their
benefit. The power of raising a revenue from
imposts by Texas has indeed been dried up, the
power having been surrendered by her accession
to the Union, the thing pledged i\p longer exists.
.That being the case, in what sense can it be said
tthat because we exercise a similar authority un-
der a different sourcje of power—the Constitu-
SUUJIXl IL. Vlic 51C0.1. ia« «.  -
it is said by the Senator from Kentucky, that the
result of it will beto pay a portion of the creditors,
and leave the rest unsatisfied. How so? If we
were to pay the money out of the Treasury to
the creditors, such might be the result; but the
proposition of the Senator from Virginia is, t<J
 y the State of Texas; and that proposition
leaves the controversy in relation to the scaling
of the debt where it was left by the act of 1850,
and where, in my judgment, it ought to be left
now. For these reasons I am prepared to favor
the proposition of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. President, I might go further. This sub-
jest is not new to me. There may be those pres-
ent who remember a discussion upon the subject
some years since, in which I took a part. And I
feel compelled to say that I have never discovered
even a plausible ground for charging the debts of
Texas upon the United States. Sir, I do not wish
to detain the Senate at this late hour with a minute
discussion upon this subject. I will, however,
give briefly my Views upon it.
The claim is put upon two grounds. The first
is a supposed analogy to a hypothecation at com-
mon law, and the reasoning upon this point is
technical reasoning. And the other ground is
some supposed principle of the law of nations, by
which, from the process of annexing Texas to
this country, her accession to our Union is con-
sidered as having the effect of throwing the debt
upon us, in analogy, perhaps, to the common law
in relation to man and wife—the woman's exist-
ence, in the eye of the law, being then at an end,
and her debts, of course, merged in the husband.
In my judgment there is nothing in either of these
arguments. The case bears no sort of analogy to
a hypothecation at common law in any respect.
There is nothing which can be the subject of a
pledge in a technical sense. There is nothing which
can beheld as collateral security forthe enforcement
of the debt. The accuracy of the reasoning upon
this subject depends upon the inquiry, What was
this undertaking upon the part of Texas ? It was
this, that in making these loans, she pledged her
honor, her integrity, and her faith as a State, to ap-
ply her revenues to the satisfaction of these debts.
In one sense, it is a pledge; but is it in reality
anything more than a mere executory contract on
the part of the State, by which she undertook, in
future, to make a faithful application of her reve-
nue? Was any transfer of this revenue contem-
plated ? Was there any idea of her creditors ob-
taining any control over the revenues? Could
they withhold the revenues from Texas, as a
means of enforcing the debt? No, sir; nothing
of the kind.
But, Mr. President, there is another consider-
ation which, with me, is decisive. This is notan
ordinary transaction in a pawnbroker's shop. It
is a matter of political ana national arrangement;
and when Texas pledged her revenues for these
These
revenues were not to be withdrawn from Texas,
to leave her helpless in the contest with Mexico.
They were not to be diverted to other and differ-
ent purposes. But the very loans' upon which
this sort of pledge was based Were contributed in
aid of her other resources, to sustain her in her
struggle for existence. Now, it must be admitted
on all hands, that it was just, right, proper, and
necessary for Texas, in the first instance, to apply
these revenues for the purposes I have mentioned
—that is to say, to defend hertdfr against Mexi-
co, and to perpetuate her national existence. It
was also just and right and proper that these rev-
enues should be exhausted to the last copper if
the interests and necessities of that Republic called
for it. Now, what becomes of the idea that the
pledge of these revenues can be compared with the
hypothecation of an old coat in a pawnbroker's
shop, to an ordinary business transaction between
men, when it looks to great national purposes,
and when that transaction was entered into with
a view to perpetuate the existence of that Repub-
lic?
Let us look a little further. It is said that we
have taken the thing pledged. What have we
taken ? We have not taken a cent of the revenues
of Texas? What have we taken, then? The
power to raise those revenues ? _ No, sir. Texas
has by her accession to the Union restricted him-
self from raising her revenue in a particular mode,
and that is all. We raise a revenue from the
tion of the United States—and for a totally dif-
ferent purpose, we have appropriated to ourselves
the identical thing pledged ? How can it be made
out even as respects this specific pledge that Texas
violated her contract by the application of this
particular revenue to the great purposes of self- i
defense and self-existence? Sir, is not the sur- ;
render of the power under the circumstances a j
virtual appropriation to those purposes so essential j
to her, and to her creditors ? 'yVas not the act
in perfect accordance with the implied condition
of the pledge, and is it equally advantageous to !
her creditors as to herself? The technical rules ;
of common-law, as applied to the ordinary trans- :
actions between individuals, have no application
to this question—none at all.
There is another consideration; If these reve-
nues were justly and properly applicable to the
purposes which I have mentioned to the exclusion
of ner creditors, this great State necessity im-
poses a sort of lien which has precedence to the
claim of her creditors. How came we by this
transfer of power? for we can call it nothing more.
Why, sir, we have assumed the duty of protect-
ing that State. We have interposed between her
and her enemies. Her. security now rests not
upon her army and navy, but in the American
name. Now, sir, if there is anything like a trans-
fer of power* if she has surrendered the revenue
she has pledged to her creditors, is she not justi-
fied ? Have we not paid an equivalent ? And if I
w#re to follow out the technical reasoning upon
the subject, I might argue, are we not the prior
incumbent? Have we not the prior lien ? Sir, I
have never been able to see anything like justice
in the proposition that this nation, situated as it is
to the State of Texas, has become liable for her
debts.
What, then, is the ground upon which this claim
is based ? Why, sir, we have quotations from
writers upon the subject of national law; but not
one of them had any reference to a confederation
of the character of the union of these States. We
may extract from these writers general principles.
But, this is not a question of principle; it is a
question of application. Does the principle laid
down by those writers apply? No, sir. I am
willing to admit that if a country be conquered,
and its sovereignty be extinguished, its debts are
transferred to that sovereignty which absorbs it.
But is there any authority or precedent for the
proposition, that a State entering into a con-
federacy produces this result? A confederacy
always qualifies the sovereignty of a nation, or at
least, regulates or limits its exercise. If there is
anything binding in the confederacy, it has this
extent. But does it destroy the nation's identity?
Does it produce the same effect as the conquest of
a nation by which the sovereignty is actually
taken? Why, sir, Texas is now sovereign and
independent. She lias a capacity to contract debts.
She has power to levy a revenue. She lias all the
powers incident to a sovereignty, restricted only
in those particulars wherein the exercise of those
powers is limited by the compact of confederation.
She has a right to raise a revenue; but in conse-
quence of her coming into this Union, she has stip-
ulated not to exercise the power in a particular
manner. I am not disposed to elaborate this view
of the subject; but I might comprise the whole
argument in this simple position: that whatever
might be the effect of extinguishing the sovereignty
of a nation, a confederacy has no such effect.
Now, what is this Union ? For certain purposes
a consolidated government, and for certain other
purposes a confederacy merely. In those partic-
ulars in which the States retain the sovereign
power it is a confederacy and nothing more. How
is it with regard to the power of contracting debts?
Do not the States exercise that power? Are they
not recognized at home and abroad, in Europe,
and the world over, as having this capacity? How
is it to be made out, then, that the restrictions im-
posed by the terms of our Confederacy, bearing as
they do in this particular upon her internal finan-
! cial policy, are to be regarded as having oblitera-
ted the power of the State of Texas to contract
debts, or her responsibilty for them when con-
tracted ? This is the whole argument. It may be
said—and I have seen the idea thrown out in some
' of the newspapers—that Texas is not sovereign in
the custom-house. What of that? The mode and
1 manner of raising revenue is a matter concerning
| her internal poliey, and does not affect the ques-
tion of her sovereignty.
! I have thus given the view which I entertain of
this subject. 1 ha«e regarded it—I will not say
as a bugbear—but I have regarded the suggestion,
that if Texas came into the Union, we should be
liable for her debts, as a mere argument against
the proposed measure of annexation. But inas-
much as the Senate is exhausted, I feel it to be
my duty not to protract this debate further. I
have submitted my views thus concisely, with the
hope that if I have done no more I have at least
made them intelligible.
Mr. SEWARD next addressed the Senate.
His speech will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I submit to the
Senate whether justice has been done either to the
State of Texas or to her delegation in this matter.
Without meaning to reflect upon anybody, or upon
the committee, I desire to draw the attention of
the Senate to this fact: In February of last year
petitions of creditors of Texas were presented
here, and upon the presentation, I believe of the
first one of them, and its reference to the Commit-
tee on Finance, I rose in my place, and said ihat
the question was not understood; that Texas had
been misrepresented; that I hoped and trusted that
committee would favor us with a report at an early
day, when we should have time to investigate the
matter; and that I would throw back upon the
Government of the United States the imputation
of repudiation, if there was-any in this matter,
which had been so liberally cast by newspaper
