966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March I,
writers and book-makers upon the State of Texas.
1 have stood here from that day to this all the time
anxious to redeem that pledge to the letter, and
place the Government of the United States in a
much more awkward predicament than Texas ap-
pears, even according to the representations of her
bitterest enemies on this subject.
Now, what is the condition of things? Here
is a proposition coming in at this late hour of the
session; I am thrown off until nearly ten o'clock
with about two days of the session left; some
gentlemen are anxious to adjourn, some desire not
to hear me, although I have thrown no obstruc-
tions in the way of an investigation, but, on the
contrary, have courted it from the first moment
when the assault upon the State of Texas began.
I can proceed now, or I can yield. If gentlemen
are anxious to adjourn, I certainly do not wish to
impose upon them the necessity of sitting here
against their wishes.
Mr. COOPER. If the Senator from Texas
will give way for a motion to adjourn, I will make
that motion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If the Senator will give
way to me, I will move that we adjourn to meet
at ten o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. The Committee
on Finance ought surely to be allowed some time
to examine the appropriation bills. We have the
Navy appropriation bill yet to examine.
Mr. BRIGHT. Under our rules that cannot
be done, 1 presume, without one day's notice.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I know that, and there-
fore I ask unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is very evident that unless
the amendment be withdrawn, the result will be
the defeat of the appropriation bills. It is evident
there is going to be a great deal of debate on the
subject. It must result in that way.
Mr. GW1N. I appeal to the Senator from Vir-
ginia to withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I cordially join in that
appeal.
Air. MASON. That appeal has been made be-
fore. I regret that I cannot comply with it. I wish
to get a vote on this question. I deem that the [
present attitude of things is one of crying injus-
tice; and I wish some corrective to be applied. !
Mr. BRADBURY. I ask the Senator to allow t
me to make one suggestion, and that is, that the 1
Senator from Maryland withdraw, as I believe he |
is ready to do, his amendment, and then some one
may move as an amendment to the proposition of j
the Senator from Virginia something that shall
negative it; as, for instance, to insert the word '
" not " before "authorized." This would give us |
a test, question. i
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Texas is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RUSK. Mr President, I shall be as brief
in my remarks as possible. I have waited with a
great deal of patience, and it is now late, but I pre-
fer to go on at present rather than give way for
an adjournment.
Mr. President, on the 9th day of September,
1850, a law, called the boundary act, was passed
by which $10,000,000 in stock were to be given to'
the State of Texas. Five millions of that amount
were to be reserved until the creditors, for whose
debts the revenues of the Republic of Texas had
been spec,a'ly pledged before her annexation,
should file their releases in the Treasury Depart-
ment of the United States. The subject was
submitted to the Secretary of the Treasury, that
he might determine what claims were included in
that proviso. The law will bear me out in stating
that the revenues of Texas to be derived from im-
post duties were not specially pledged for more
than $2,000,000; but a decision was made by the
Secretary of the Treasury, and afterwards ap-
proved by the President of the United States, by
which the words « special pledge" were construed
to mean general pledge, and were applied to all the
evidences of debt which were made receivable for
Government dues as well as those for which a
general pledge was given of the revenues. By
this means the pledge was made to cover what is
proposed by the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland. I shall not stop now to investigate the
grounds upon which this decision was made, nor
shall I stop to draw the distinctions between a
general and a special pledge, but will only men-
tion one or two of them. When a special'pledge
is made upon impost duties, it carries with it an
obligation on the part of the Government making
it to collect revenue from impost duties. When a
general pledge of all the revenues of a Government
is made, it carries no such obligation upon its face,
and it means just such revenues as the Government
may have, and none other. It may repeal its rev-
enue laws the next day, without bad faith. But,
sir, the decision of the Secretary of the Treasury,
approved by the President, was, that a special
pledge covered a general pledge, and included all the
revenue receivable for Government dues, amount-
ing in all to $8,330,000. That decision went fur-
ther. It was declared that not one dollar could be
j paid out to any creditor, or to Texas, under any
I arrangement, until the releases for all the debts
thus situated were filed. This made it a physical
I impossibility ever to comply with that interpreta-
tion of the law, because the obligations are for
various sums from fiye dollars upwards. Some
portions of the claims against the Government of
Texas have doubtless been lost, and it is likely
that some will never be presented; but until a re-
lease for every single sixpence should be filed in
the Treasury Department, there can'be no payment
according to the decision of the Secretary of the
Treasury. Now, sir, allow me to refer to some
, remarks made by the honorable Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Pearce] on this subject, at the
time when the boundary act was under considera-
tion. He then said:
"There is another subject to which I must ask the atten-
tion of the Senate tor a few moments, and that is. tile pro-
viso attached to the last clause of the bill. It has bleu pro-
posed hv some that the United States should reserve to itself
the right of distributing the money we may vote to Texas
1 amon<; her creditors ; but I have put no such provision as
that mto the bill, and for several reasons. Jn the first place,
[ do not wish the United States to become a commissioner
in bankruptcy for Texa-i; and, in the second, I do not wish I
to place Texas in the condition of appearing to be obliged
to be placed in the hands of a commissioner of bankruptcy, j
It seems to me that while it would have been impolitic in
us to undertake that winch we have not the means of doing
properly, Texas can, with safety to her creditors and honor '
to herself, make this distubution. It would also be an in-
dignityto the Stale of Texas. pir, one of the highest
at!roots that could be offered to an honest man would be to I
say, when he has ample means to discharge his debts, that
you suspect his honor, and will not trust him with the money j
devoted to tins purpose. It is quite as offensive, undoubt- i
edly, to a State, to suppose that she will be faithless and
fraudulent in a settlement with her creditors. I am not
willing to make such an imputation on Texas, to suspect in
the least her honor, or the honor of her Legislature. I am
willing to submit the matter to her decision, and to let her
settle with her creditors with the means which we have
provided her. But I admit, at the same tune, that it is right
to guard the Treasury of the United States from the contin-
gencies which may flow from this measure, if Texas should
not adopt this course, or if Texas were to settle with her
creditors, not in full, but upon a reduction of their claims
for principal and interest due them, even with their assent.
It is possible that, at some future time, these creditors, even
after having consented to take scventv-flve cents in the
dollar, if that can be supposed, may come back on the Gov-
ernment of the Umted States, and demand the full amount.
I propose to guard against that, and for that purpose I have
introduced the last proviso in the bill. It provides that of
the ten millions of five per cent, stock to be issued alter the
State of Texas shall have assented to these terms, and sig-
nified her assent in proper form to the Government of the
United States, we shall retain five millions until such a
time as a full release shall be filed in the Treasury ef the
United States, by the creditors holding those bonds for which
the duties on the customs are pledged. The arrangement
rendered necessary by this proviso may easily be effected
by these creditors and Texas. On the presentation of these 1
claims, (and I believe they all have been presented under the i
act of the Legislature of 1848, which called upon the cred-
itors to exhibit their claims,) the amount of which is fur-
nished in the statement I referred to not long ago to the
Treasury of Texas, it is perfectly competent for Texas to
give them orders for stock on the Treasury of the United
States, tor the amount to which they may be entitled, by
any arrangement winch may be agreed upon between them
And these orders, being filed in the Treasury, will be ample
security to the United States, and protect us from the pos-
sible demands to winch I have referied. The necessary
details can be prescribed by the authority of the Treasury
Department." J
The impression has generally gone abroad, that
after the passage of this law Texas undertook to
scale her debt, and fix a rate at which she would
pay it. This is a mistake. In 1848, two years
before the passage of the boundary act, she fixed
the rate at which she would pay her debt. She
passed a lawrequiring the Auditorand Comptrol-
ler to ascertain the outstanding indebtedness and
classify it, and affix to it the rate at which it was j
made available to the State. That law was enact- |
ed upon the suggestion of a number of the cred- '
itors of Texas; it was published, according to its I
terms, in various public newspapers throughout
the Union, and no objection was made to its terms, j
so far as 1 ever heard, until after the passage of |.
t the boundary act of 1850, appropriating the
! $10,000,000. Nearly all of the claimants submit-
ted to its terms by filing their demands with the
Auditor and Comptroller of the State of Texas.
The report of the Auditor and Comptroller,
fxing the amounts which Texas received for these
liabilities, were before the Senate, and were com-
mented upon by several Senators, and known to
all before the boundary law was passed. 1 showed
it to the honorable Senator from Kentucky (Mr.
I Clay) at the time, and he read and commented
■ upon it. The Senator from Maryland alluded to
I it in the speech from which I have read an extract,
II as did many others.
! When the Committee of Thirteen was raised for
I the purpose of settling this matter, I claimed that
the amount to be put in as indemnity to Texas for
the lands ceded by her should be the sum of
i twelve and a half millions, because the face of the
amount of the debt, as reported by the Auditor and
Comptroller, was twelve and a half millions. I
placed the report of those officers before that
committee, at the request of the honorable Senator
at the head of that committee, (Mr. Clay,) who
is now no more. The whole of the papers were
laid before them. I also claimed that we were en-
titled to this amount, not only on account of the
land which we ceded in the settlement of the
boundary question, but because the United States
were liable to Texas in damages fora flagrantvio-
j lation of a treaty stipulation to the amount of more
i than two thirds of that debt; and I now repeat
that the United States are liable to the State Of
Texas in more than two thirds of the amount of
this debt for a violation of a treaty stipulation for
which, if they had been guilty of such a violation
with the Government of England, or any other
Government able to enforce the observance of
treaties, they would have been glad to get clear by
paying twenty millions of dollars. I desire to
prove what I say as I go along, and therefore I
i will read the thirty-third article of the treaty be-
j tween the United States and Mexico, to which I
| refer. It is in these words :
j "Art.XXXIII. It is likewise agreed that the two con-
j trading parties shall, by all the means in their power, main-
; tain peace and harmony among the several Indian nations
who inhabit the lands adjacent to the lines and rivers which
j iorm the boundaries of the two countries ; and the better to
attain tins object, both parties bind themselves expressly to
restrain, by force, all hostilities and incursions on the part
of the Indian nations living within their re.-pective bound-
aries ; so that the United States of America will not suffer
their Indians to attack the citizens of the United Mexican
States, nor the Indians inhabiting their terntorv; nor will
the United Mexican States permit the rndia'ns residing
within their territories to commit hostilities against the cit-
! izens of the United States of America, nor against the In-
! dians residing within the limits of the United States, in anV
maimer whatever."
Mr. President, this article of the treaty was
shamefully violated by the United States before
' the revolution in Texas took place. The Creeks,
the Shawnees, the Caddoes, and the Cherokees,
"►with various other tribes, to the number of over
two thousand warriors, went over and settled them-
selves upon the soil of Texas, against the provis-
ions of the treaty to which I refer, and from that
day to this have been committing depredations
upon the people of Texas and Mexico.
Mr. BAYARD. That treaty was with Mex-
ico, not with Texas.
Mr. RUSK. I knowthat the Senatorfrom Dela-
ware is a good lawyer, and imagines that he will
get clear of the obligations incurred, because the
treaty was made with Mexico, and not with
Texas. Sir, tlj^-e is a treaty of the same sort
now with Mexico, and it is violated every day.
There is not a soldier there to enforce it. Let me
say to the honorable Senator that, with all his
legal knowledge, 1 will show him before I get
through, that it is not only in violation of law,
but it is a violation of every principle of humanity
and good neighborhood, upon the part of this Gov-
ernment, to have treated Texas m the manner she
has done, with regard to these Indians. Sir, I
may have some feeling on this subject. It may
amuse the Senator from Delaware. It did no't
amuse me to know that women and children were
massacred by these Indians, and that this Gov-
ernment was resorting to special pleading to avoid
the responsibilities following upon the faith it had
pledged. The attention of this Government was
called to this infraction of the treaty, and, although
the obligation was admitted, no steps were taken
to comply with its provisions. Texas was revo-
lutionized, and, sir, the Senator from Delawaie
