968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March I,
Memorandum Book.
This book is written with a pencil, and many of the
word*- are completely obliterated, and the Ianjruaae is «No
very imperfect, making it difficult tot'ive an\thni{r like a
connected or correct translation. The following ia as 1
near as I can come to the contents: :
May 29 Left Matanioron.
May 30.—Encamped at the Tresnos. No novelty oc-
curred.
May 31.—Took a list ofonr force, amounting to seventy-
two citizens, two Indian*, thirty-four soldiers of La Bahia,
and twenty Cheiokee and Caddo Indians. Our horses were
a!*o accounted, and ten of them were unfit for service.
June 1—Nothing particular occurred to-day.
Jui.c -2.—We are waiting for Juan de La Garza to com-
mence our march, but still he does u«t appear. Don Rafael
Cabasos presented himself with a passport from his Excel-
lency theGeneral-in-Chief, dated the £7 th day of May; he is
in search of his goods, and is accompanied by his servants,
in all to the number of ten. 1
June 3—Staited from the Tresnos to the Anaquilas, |
where we tariied for the night. John de La Garza joined !
us with biscuit, sugar, coftee, and a supply of cartridges. !
We are four days in expectation of a drove of gentle horses, r
but we cannot obtain them. Started at midday, passing the j
Colorado creek, encamping on the other side at a place j
called the "Altos," where nothing of importance occurred, i
June 5.—Made an encampment this day at the uMula- J
tos," where we remained to run wild horses.
June 6.—We were unable to catch any horses. A guard
of twenty-four men were appointed to take charge of our
encampment. Nothing of importance until
June 11.—When on the Hill of Purgatory, (Purgatorio,)
a sentinel discovered several men on horseback. We ad-
vanced towards them. They were a party of smugglers.
They fired upon us. Parties were dispatched in pursuit of
them. They abandoned their cargoes of tobacco, &c., and
fifteen horses. We encamped to night at the Borrego.
June 15.—Run wild horses.
June 17.—Encamped at the "Pastel^" where were killed
two Irishmen, one woman, and her children.
June 18.—Encamped on White creek.
June 19.—On to-day the Indians became dissatisfied and
asked Savareigo to let them go to fight at La Bahia; the
request was not granted. Advanced as far as San Antonio
river, and put out spies, who returned on the 20th, bringing
us news of twenty men (Americans) and thirty at Copano,
and that Villareal was at La Bahia with horses.
June 20.—The Indians crossed the river; I overtook
them shortly. Took leave of Savareigo. Flores joined me,
intending to go as far as the Colorado river; but the Indians
and guides refused, saying the road was too public. We
stopped or encamped in a small island of trees.
June 21.—Crossed the Guadalupe.
June 24.—At one o'clock crossed the Colorado. Saw
several Americans, but did them no injury, at which the In-
dians were much enraged.
June 2 7.—Crossed the Brazos; between that river and
the Navasoto, in the timber, met the Kickapoos, who re-
ceived us kindly and accompanied us on our journey.
June 30.—Cruz and Cordova went in search of buffalo,
and returned on Sunday, the 1st, bringing abundance.
July 1.—Kickapoos left us.
July 2.—Encamped on Trinity.
July A.—Started for " Plazeta creek." Soon after we
discovered the farm*? of the Choctaw Indians; we directed
our course towards the rancho of Buenavista.
July 5—Don Vicente Cordova presented himself and i
read the communication of his Excellency the General-in- i
Chief, Don Vicente Filisola. !
July 7.—We expect to meet the Indian chiefs or cap- I
tains. |
July 8.—About three o'clock in the afternoon Guimon, I
Boll, and their interpreters, made their appearance; but, on
account of the rain, nothing was done.
July 9.—At seven o'clock we started to a rancho to hold
a consultation with the Indians. We read the communi-
cation of his Excellency the General-in-Chief; the inter-
preters being inefficient, nothing was done. They left us
Without any understanding, but are to meet them in ten
days, when they will determine. They left an Indian to
conduct me to Boll's house; which was done, and we
reached that place drenched with rain. I am to take the
iMfet opportunity to speak to Boll, to show him my private
instructions; but I can do nothing as yet. He has sent me
to another of his houses where 1 could conceal myself; for
he said that some Americans were coming with a commu-
nication from Houston, the contents of which I have not
learned. Nothing can be done without trouble.
July IT.—Belmont went to invite the tribes.
July 12.—Remained concealed, that no one might see me.
July 13.—Went to another farm (rancho) about eight
miles distant, where there were only two boys living.
July 14.—Much rain, and no business done.
July 15.—I am in a great passion. We have nothing but
milk to eat or drink, and small hopes of getting anything
else; because these cursed Indians are as lazy as the devil,
and I am so much enraged that I wish the devil would seize
me, body and soul. About four o'clock in the afternoon
an Indian came. I told him that the boys lmd gone out;
that I was very hungry, not having had any [thing] to eat.
He took me to another Cherokee house, where we obtained
buttermilk, cheese, corn-bread, 8tc.; we then returned to
the farm.
July 17 and 1ft.—In the afternoon of these days several
Indians made their appearance for the meeting.
July 19.—Boll, Bill moor, and several other captains, came
in; but the non-arrival of the Kickapoos delayed our meet-
ing.
July 20.—The meeting took place. War was agreed upon
as soon as circumstances would permit, and as speedily as
possible; the amount of our force to be taken immediately;
including Nacogdoches we have 540 men. At five o'clock
p. in., Captain Saguano began to raise objections to the
making of any movement until the arrival of the army in
the country, when war could be carred on with energy; but
finally it was resolved that our force should be in readiness
at a moment's warning. At five o'clock Bpll left u*, and
all went away, including Cordova and the people of Nacog- |
doches, about eight o'clock in the morning. |
July 21.—I left the house to which Boll sent me, and ,
where the meeting was held, and directed my steps to '
" Horel's." Arriving at Boll's* house, he gave me a horse
in exchange for a Lipan horse which I had. About ten 1
o'clock we united in the house of Guhutle to commence
our march.
July 2-2.—Marched, and slept at the house of a Cherokee.
July 23.—Crossed theNeches, and stopped at a Kickapoo
village. !
July 24.—Left very early.
July 25.—About twelve o'clock arrived at the Chickasaw j
village ; they gave us plenty of beef, honey, &c.; the chief
of the tribe went with us; we slept with the Caddoes, where j
we arrived about eight o'clock.
July 27.—We continued our journey without any thing of ,
importance occurring.
July 28.—I am waiting to meet the Kichis, Wacos, Te- I
huacanos, and other tribes. i
July 29.—The captain of the Caddoes presented him- j
self about three o'clock in the afternoon, raying that the ■
"Coyate''did not send for either goods or money tor the !
lands he had sold to the United States, but that he had sent 1
a captain called Nehomeeeno to take his place; it was ob- ;
served he was a bad man and might betray his trust, and ;
be the cause of some of our plans being frustrated, therefore j
he must indispensibly go himself, which he finally did.
July 31.—On this day we learned that Nehomeeeno did
not wish to go, preferring to remain with us and fight.
•August 2.—On this day Manuel started for the Cherokee
village.
August 3.— Unintelligible; something concerning a Cad- ;
do, and meeting Saguanos, who were coming to be in-
formed as regards the contemplated campaign, or what was !
meant by the message requesting them to meet and smoke
a pipe.
August A.—A meeting of the Saguanos was held to in-
quire if the Caddoes had got some horses stolen from them.
•August 5.—I spoke to them about the war with the colo-
nists f they asked if the river Colorado was for thempand I
answered yes, to induce them to join the campaign.
August 6.—The Saguanos and myself started for the
Kichf village for the purpose of seeing Casemero, and to 1
enable me to have a meeting with them, and to invite them
for the present campaign. We encamped about half a
league Iroin their village; in the morning, early, went in.
: I slept at the house of the chief, Arejena, who treated me
with much kindness. I invited all the chiefs, and was re-
ceived well by all of them.
•August 7.—I proposed a meeting to march against Bexar,
but was unable to make them comprehend me for want of
an interpreter.
•August 8.—We are waiting an arrival from the Sagua-
nos, to know when they will return to their village. See-
ing that they did not come, ( determined to go to the Caddo
village the following day, and I made my arrangements ac-
cordingly.
Friday, August 9.—
Saturday, August 10.—
Sunday, August 11.—
Extract from the official communication of his Excellency
the General-in-Chief. i
Your communications, as well aa those of the friendly ,
Indians, have been received, conveying your wishes for ■
the integrity of the Mexican territory in Texas, and your |
determination to make a stand against the pirates and ad-
venturers of Texas.
The Supreme Government is well aware of the suffering
you have been exposed to, occasioned by the rebels who
still keep possession of the Mexican territory, against the
| will of every good citizen and friendly tribe of Indians.
The Supreme Government authorizes you to take com-
mand, for which purpose you will invite all the principal
tribes that are willing to carry on the war at all hazards,
and without loss of time. As soon as the war commences,
you will inform me by an extraordinary courier, so thai I
may be enabled to send my troops to your aid, and to the
most convenient and advantageous point, as soon as pos-
sible.
AH horses, mules, and spoils, of whatever description,
shall be divided equally among all.
The Supreme Government recommenfls that the families
should not be killed or injured, but conducted to, and kept
at the villages, where the General-in-Chief will himself
dispose of them on the termination of the campaign.
Copy of letter of Colonel Holland Coffee, dated City of
Houston, December 17,1838.
Dear Sir : At your request I inform you that while at
Fort Gibson, in July last, I was in conversation with Gen-
eral Arbuckle, who informed me that Dutch, a Cherokee
chief, had laid before him a letter from Bolls, the contents
of which were to this amount: requesting the Cherokees
to unite with him, and bring the Creeks and Seminoles, if
they could, to assist in the conquest of Texas ; that Gen-
eral Filisola, the Mexican commander, had offered to give
1 them the country if they conquered it, and assist them in
; doing so. I saw the letter, but its contents were repre-
! sented to me by General Arbuckle. The letter stated that
1 a portion was to be given to each tribe according to the
strength they brought.
This information I gave to General Rusk as I passed
through Nacogdoches, and to President Houston on my
arrival at Houston.
Your most obedient servant,
HOLLAND COFFEE.
General Felix Huston.
Under these circumstances, what did the United
States do? Did they restrain their Indians? No,
sir. Did they rebuke Mexico? Not a word of
it. But I will tell you what they did do. At the
head of a Texan force I crossed the United States
line, captured and disarmed a portion of these
Indians; and this Government complained of that
act, and demanded an apology from Texas:
Department of State, j
Washington, January 8, 1839. J
Sir: The accompanying papers will acquaint you that
an armed force, in the service of the liepublie of Texas,
under command of General Ku«k, has crossed the acknowl-
edged boundary between the Tinted States and that coun-
try, and lia  encamped on our soil for the avowed purpose
of punishing certain Indians of the Caddo tribe, tor alleged
depredations within the limits ol Texas. Against this in-
sult and outrage you will promptly and in strong terms le-
monstrate, demand satisfactory explanations on the subject,
and mtorm the Texan Government that it is expected ade-
quate measures will be adopted by it to prevent a recur-
rence of such acts, which, if repeated, would inevitably
lead to collisions between the troops of the two countries,
which there would he great reason to deplore.
Your dispatches to No. 14, inclusive, have been received.
I am, sir, jour obedient servant,
JOHN FORSYTH.
Alcee La Branche,
Charge d'affaires of the United States, Houston.
Nor was this all. Under the stipulations of the
treaty to which I have referred, the United States
had possession of what are now three counties of
the finest lands in Texas, and claimed jurisdiction
over them, because an article of that treaty pro-
vided that each party should retain possession of
what it previously held until the boundary could
be run and marked. Texas was unable to run and
mark the boundary for several years after the rev-
olution broke out. The United States not only
permitted and suffered, knowingly, their Indians
to go upon the land and render our public domain
utterly valueless, and render ourvery existence as
a nation problematical, but also insisted that, until
the boundary was run, they would not give up
the territory which now comprises three or four
of the finest counties in Texas. Under such cir-
cumstances, being totally unable to use our public
domain, the only means we had, which was ren-
dered valueless by the United States, by a viola-
tion not only of good neighborhood but of a solemn
treaty, our promissory notes went down. We
had not the means of meeting them. It was then
thought by the financiers of Texas that, inasmuch
as the first promissory notes which were issued had
been worth eighty and ninety cents in the dollar,
if they could be withdrawn from circulation, a new
issue would riseagain, and accordingly they passed
a law authorizing any man who held a promissory
note to come forward and fund it, and receive a ten
per cent, bond in lieu of it.
This is the way in which nine tenths of the
bonds have been issued, and yet the question has
been argued all over the United States, in books
and speeches and newspapers, as if Texas had
done just as Ohio, Indiana, and other States have
done—issued her bonds, sold them in the market,
obtained the money for them, and used it. Such
was not the case, sir; but the bonds were issued
to redeem the promissory notes which had depre-
ciated in a very short time—some to twelve and a
half cents on the dollar, and some even to five
cents. As an inducement to withdraw them from
circulation, theholders were allowed to fund them,
and receive in return bonds at eight and ten per
cent, interest. Notwithstanding this, the promis-
sory notes still went down. This, in brief, is the
history of the manner in which the debt of Texas
originated. 1 have various authorities to support
the position which I have taken, but I do not in-
tend to consume the time of the Senate by reading
them, for I am anxious to come to a vote.
I shall vote, in the first place, for the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Virginia, and
the effect of that amendment will be just this: to
prevent the creditor who chooses to hold out from
keeping others, who are willing to come forward
and take the amount which is offered to them and
be content with it, from doing so. Under the
amendment no one will be compelled to accept the
proposition offered by Texas. It will be a volun-
tary matter, and the fund upon which the others
have a right to claim will not be exhausted.
Much has been said about Texas repudiating
and scaling her debts. I do not mean to go into
that question, but I mean to say here that there is
not a half million of dollars which have not been
estimated at fifty, and some at one hundred per
cent, more than Texas ever realized from them.
None of the scaling has been done lower than
twenty cents on the dollar. Many of her prom-
issory notes were sold at ten cents, and below
that sum.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to understand this mat-
