1863.
TffE CONGRESSIONAL GLOf*E.
assigned their certificates of the stock of Texas to
their own creditors. Texas has, since the 1st of
July, 1850, slopped tlie interest oil her public debt,
while on the debts of these creditors the interest
is running. . b7 certainly a most unpropitious
sinking fund, the consequences will be tlmt the
fund of the poor debtor will be absorbed, and his
debts not paid.
But the question may be asked, What injury can
possibly inure to those creditors who refuse to
sign their releases and receive the money in the
Treasury of the United States ? Texas has appro-
priated for their payment. The same amount will
abide pro rata in theTreasury oftheUnited States,
with the accumulation of the accruing interest,
and they will be as free then as they are now to
prosecute their absurd claim against the United
States for par, or their well-founded one against
the State of Texas with the for fairer chance
of success, as either Government would have a
smaller deficit to provide for.
Much has been said of the injustice of allowing
the large creditors who lent par receiving par. I
ask where we derive our power to prevent Texas
from paying pro (onto at least a just debt ? But I
throw these large creditors out of the question. I
will take the case of a suffering and needy widow,
who is willing to take what Texas has appropri-
ated for her. But then comes an opulent broker
from Philadelphia, Baltimore, or New York, who
says to this poor woman, You shall not receive
your money because Texas does not ppy me
seventy cents on the dollar. Sir, there is great
hardship and no justice in all this.
If we deny this privilege, let us illustrate the
national faith and justice by a new and grand
national painting, emblematic of justice, in a niche
in the rotunda, of one of jEsop's fables—The Dog
in the Manger. Oh, for the genius of Hogarth,
to representa rich bull-dog, with a gold chain round
his neck, growling off the hungry, destitute, and
necessitous!
Sir, if Congress did enact in the proviso an
absurdity so impracticable as to call on sixteen
hundred men differently paid, to be of one mind,
which I contend they did not do, then I say we
are bound to declare, in the emphatic language of
the amendment of the Senator from Virginia, we
do not abide this blunder.
The hour (for it is past midnight) admonishes
me no longer to trespass upon your patience; but
I cannot take my seat without one remark, said
rather in "sorrow than anger, "at the rapid strides
which are making towards an imperial consolida-
tion of this Government by reducing the States
into contemptible parish corporations.
By passing the bill of the gentleman from Mary-
land, we avow distinctly our power to fix, define,
and pay her public debt in such proportions as
we see fit, totally irrespective' of her will. I con-
sider this the most daring ass^alton the aov<^fjgnty
of a State in this Union which the history oTquf
Confederacy affords—so rich in the records of a
progressive usurpation of the powers reserved to
the States respectively. Nor is this invasion made
more palatable by the contumely and insult com-,
bined with it. Does it say anything more or less
than this to Texas: " We Consider you as untrust-
worthy rogues; we must take out a commission
of bankruptcy against you, and pay yourcreditors,
which you have not the honesty to do. You shall
not pay a creditor par from whom you received
par, until you pay a creditor par who gave you
sixteen cents in the dollar." Does the history of
any Government afford an equivalent instance of I
audacity? But our pretensions do not end here, j
The gentleman from Indiana offers an amendment,
by which'we are made, not the apprentices, but |
the master workmen of repudiation, by a scaling
process, far more comprehensive than that we ;
reproach Texas for practicing; indeed, by the
way, the United States have some fifteen tons of !
continental money unpaid, and it does not lie in '
our mouth to reproach other people with repu-
diation. The Senator from Indiana proposes sca-
ling down the creditors; Texas proposes to pay
par to fifty cents in the dollar, that those whom
she has scaled at thirty cents may be placed on
the same level. A very commendable depletion,
certainly!
Sir, I will say but one word more: that wh$n
propositions of this kind are entertained in regatd
to a sovereign State in this Union, it is high tiMke
for us to get rid of the feeble and contemptible
subordinate corporations called State governments,
and take an imperial master who can castigate
a State into paying a debt which she humbly
! says is not just. Burke somewhere says a State
cannot be indicted, but I think we have reached a
new truth in our confederate history, that she may
have a commission of bankruptcy issued against
her, and be held to bail.
Mr. BAY ARD. The Senator from South Car-
olina still seems to misunderstand my view in this
case altogether. I do pot propose to restate it
except very briefly. I did say that in my judg-
ment there was no obligation on the part of the
United States to pay any portion of the debts of
Texas, unless it arose under the terms of the
boundary act; but does that imply, in the ordinary
meaning of language, that 1 am not to say such
an obligation did arise under t,hat boundary act?
On the contrary, I followed that declaration with
announcing what I supposed to be the true intent
and meaning of that boundary act; and lattempted
to show, whether successfully or not, that 1 con-
sidered the object of that act, as Regards the Uni-
ted States, was to free by proviso from continuous
claim on the part of these creditors of Texas; and
that neither Texas nor her creditors had any right
to ask for that sum until we were freed from that
claim; and it was on that ground that I was op-
posed to the amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia. I will say further that I know something
about these claims as well as the Senator from
South Carolina. He hps indulged agood deal in
language about speculators. Allow me to say to
him that there are as many speculators connected
with the claim noy pressed for preferred payment
out of this fund as those who resist its partial dis-
bursement.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to occupy but very little
of the time of the Senate, but I desire to express
one or two views which it seems to me have not
been advanced by the gentlemen who have pre-
ceded me. I desire the attention of the honorable
Senator from South Carolina for the purpose of
saying that he starts, as it seems to me, not at the
proper point in this argument. This debt was
contracted, not by the sovereign State of Texas,
as his argument presupposes, but it was con-
tracted by the Republic or nation of Tex,a$ entirely
independent of the United States, and with which
at the time we had n<j concern. Noiy, I state
here, in the presence of the representatives of the
present sovereign State of Texas, that while she
remained the Republic of Texas, to the very last
of her public acts ifl reference to her debt, she
said by nerlegislation, and by her Executive com-
munications, that every cent of this debt should be
paid.
Thup, therefor^, ttye creditor? of the Republic of
Tex^s ftQod ^terior, tp He annexation of that
^United States, Th«e waq a le-
lMk-sincewhich pwpd no PMU f
the aebt was cootraetea—sdecUtrins Uje wholedabt
I to be obligatory upon the Republic. There was
an Executive message as late as 1843, expressly
proclaiming to the creditors of the Republic of
Texas, both foreign apd domestic, that Texas in-
tended to pay every cent of her debt; that those,
who had falsely alleged that she did not degigq to
pay every part of it, were insulting the dignity
, ana calumniating the fair fame of Texas. What
; then was the position of th^creditors? "they were
not mere speculators; they vpre the recognised,
i creditors of'Texas, conceded by the legislative
j action of that Republic, after the contraction of the
j whole debt, to be. its honest creditors, and in re-
! gard to whom the Republic had proclaimed to the
i world the fixed determination to pay every cent of
its indebtedness. That was then their position.
But, now, Mr, President, if I can get the atten-
I tion of the Senate, I desire to press one view of
this subject which has not been hitherto presented
to your consideration, and I will not go over the,
fround occupied by those whp have already adr
ressed the Senate. -
I predicate the obligation of the United States,
and all I intend now to say, upon the articles of
annexation of Texas to the United States; and I
ask the attention of those Senators who have ex-
pressed the idea that they cannot conceive of the
existence of this obligation, to the remarks which
I intend to make. What were those articles of
annexation ? The Senator from Virginia, who
spoke the other day upon this subject, said trjuly
that they had all the force of treaty obligations as
between the United Stales and Texas. What
is then this stipulation? Why, the Republic of
Texas and the United States stipulate, that after
annexation—the object of the treaty—had been ef-
fected, " the State qf Texas, shall retain all the un-
appropriated lands qf the Republic qf Texas"—for
what purpose?—" to pay all her debts." Now I
have shown you that her d$bts, anterior to that
period, and during the whole period of her na-
tional existence, were fully recognized by her.
When, therefore, those articles of annexation were
entered into, when this treaty stipulation was made
that the Slate of Texas was to retain all these un-
appropriated lands and pay all the debts of Texas,
what does the stipulation mean? It is a stipula-
tion for the creditors of Texas, whose debts had
been recognized to the full extent of their apparent
obligation; and it i« a stipulation that all the debts
of Texas should be paid from the proceeds of these
lands. What further do thjeae articles of annex-
ation oay?—"That the rest and residue of those
lands, after paying the debts of the Jftpuhlic of
Texfts, should be subject to the disposal of the
State.of Texas." Here, therefore, I say that this
treaty stipulation clearly appropriates all the pub-
lic lands primarily to the payment of all the debts
of the Republic of Texas, and that only the rest
and reaidiie of the lands were left to the control or
disposal of the State of Texas. There can be no
mistake about this, because it is plain and positive
language about whioh no human mind can dispute.
Then, Mr. President, I will assume that I have
established the position that the Republic of Texas
was admitted as one of the States of the Union
upon the stipulation that all the unappropriated
lands were to be applied primarily to the payment
of tl^e dfibts then recognized to exist to their fullest
extent; and that the State of Texas should have
the control ojily of the residue of the lands after all
those debts were paid.
Now, allow me to being to the notice of the Sen-
ate, in con nectio n with this argu ment^the.boun dary
act of 1850. Permit me to say, sir, that I voted
for thpt act; that 1 voted for it, amongst other
reasons, because I believed by it all the question*
in reference to the d ebta of Tex,as would be'settled
and adjusted; and I will now vote for no measure
which does not finally and completely settle the
claim as a claim against the United States. Allow
me to bring that act to the view of the Senate, in
connection with the position which I haveassumed
to have established, and then I will ask any one to
contradict, by any legal,proposition or argument,
the train of argument which I pursue. The bound-
ary act bought of Texas ten millions of dollars'
worth of the very land which under the articles of
annexation, were pledged primarily to the payment
<jf the debts, and which, under that treaty stipula-
te tion, Texas had no right to sell. We bought,
Ve ppid, or .are to pay tep millions of dollars for
public land* ceded to us by the State, of Texas;,
the BepukUc of Tpuuj lwl, w t£ce4ently
pledged to tfiese creditors fpr the payment of,their
debts, and which debts were by our.express treaty
obligation tp be paid by the State of Texas before
she was empowered to sell or alienate one acre of
the lafld so purchased and ceded to us, If this
were a proposition in a court of law, there is no
judge of the United States courts who would hear
an argument in support of so plfiin a proposition.
My learned friends may talk about the plain argu-
ment of the Senator from Vermont; they may talk
of the sophistry and weakness of the argument of
Spnajtora who take this side °f the question, but
tnere is no judge in the United States who would
permit a proposition of that kind to be supported
by an argument. We have stipulated by a treaty
binding upqn us, as they admit, that these lands
shall, go to the payment of the creditors of the Re-
public of Tex^s. We have stipulated that the State
of Texas shpuld have no control except over the
residue of the lands. V[e hare, subsequent to that
Stipulation, without the consent of the creditors,
bought of the State of Texas ten millions of dol-
lars worth of that land.
Now, to aay that we are liable to the extent of
our purchase, to the extent of ten millions of prop-
erty pledged by our owr) treaty to the payment of
the creditors, is a legal proposition which would
not be argued by any of m,y learned friends in a
court of justice. They may argue it here; but
they would not dare before the Supreme Court, or
any court whicl  they respected, to argue such a
queiitipa. If any one doubts this, let them apthor-
