972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
ize a suit to be brought that the question may be
decided by the SupremeCourtofthe United States.
1 should prefer this to any other course. Let the
question of liability be submitted to that court. It
would be a simple proposition which we would
luive before us. Let the five millions remain in
the Treasury. If the United States are not bound
to the creditors, then Texas will have the whole
of it, and we are clear of the debt of Texas, and
the perpetual annoyance of her creditors. I ven-
ture to say that there would not be a dissenting
voice in the Supreme Court of the United States
upon the question of liability. There could not
be a dou'ot there. I do not intend to go over the
argument which has been heretofore followed,
which is conclusive, however, to my mind, although
treated so lightly by others, that the United States
have received from Texas by the surrender of her
nationality, and her duties upon imposts, that
which was originally pledged by the Republic of
Texas for these debts. The argument of my
learned friend from Vermont, which has been so
highly eulogized by gentlemen here, is founded
upon an assumption legally and morally incorrect.
It proceeds upon this assumption, that the Repub-
lic of Texas, by making this pledge, incurred no lia-
bility which she could not throw off at pleasure, as
a necessary incident of sovereignty. If we say so,
if that be law, then the argument is a sound one;
but it is predicated solely and exclusively upon that
proposition, which is, according to my humble
judgment, false; and therefore, the conclusion
which is drawn from it, is also false. If Texas is
released from the obligation contained in that
clause of the resolution of annexation, then why
is not the United States released from their obliga-
tion for the debts of the Federal Government, they
having been annexed to Texas as much as Texas
was annexed to them? Is not Texas made liable
by annexation for the obligations of the United
States antecedently contracted ' If so, how can
it be argued that the United States is relieved from
the obligations of the Republic of Texas antece-
dently entered into' What is to release them?
The proposition of international law that the union
of two States makes the United States liable for
the obligations of each State incurred prior to such
union, is laid down by every author from Grotius
down, and there is no writer upon that subject
who disputes it; no authority for the opposite posi-
tion has or can be referred to. Then, if the Uni-
ted States are not bound for the debt of Texas, it
is manifestly clear that Texas is not bound for the
obligations of the United States—a proposition for
which no one will contend.
Mr. President, the error in the argument of my
friend from Vermont, is occasioned by his con-
founding, or rather using as synonymous, the
terms power and rig/if. A nation may have the
power to do many things which would be utterly
wrong for it to do.
I concede that a nation because of its sover-
eignty has the power to repudiate its debts, but I
cannot draw from this concession of poicer (as the
Senator does) the right of the nation so to in-
crease it.
I had intended, if an earlier opportunity had
been afforded me, to enter at large into the argu-
ment of this question—an intention which the late
period of the session and the state of the public
business render it improper for me to carry out.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, that it has
never been the intention or the desire of Texas to
escipe the payment of her true liability is true.
It has not been through her agency that the appli-
cation has been made for the amendment intro-
duced by the honorable Senator from Virginia.
Mr. PRATT. I did not say it was.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have this remark to make
to the honorable Senator; that the debts to the
value of what Texas received which are now held
by the owners will be paick. We eschew specu-
lators. None of them were found in the day of
Texas's need. They acquired the bond)? after
they were scaled to a large amount of what they
now possess. I know it was supposed that I had
money in Texas, which was as great a mistake
as any man ever made. [Laughter.] But I was
written to, to obtain money for the purpose of
purchasing these scaled liabilities at fifty per cent,
discount. 1 was written to by gentlemen, and
told that they could be bought up at that rate, and
that it was a fine speculation. I will siy that 1 re-
plied, that I did not speculate. I said that I would
have nothing to do with it. Gentlemen had writ- j
ten to me from Philadelphia, and from other cities !
in the Union, saying what description of bonds
they would advise me to make an investment in, j
if 1 wanted to speculate. These are some little t
items that are rather interesting to show why
these gentlemen who received the bonds of Texas
when they were depreciated, are not the sufier-
ers. It is true, as my friend from Maryland has
stated, that Texas, or rather the Executive of
Texas, did say up to the year 1843, that she would
pay rightly and justly every cent that she owed ,
rightlyand justly. She did not say that she would
pay the rascally claims which are made against
her. It was only that the just and righteous
claims would be paid. She is able to take care of
her own business. The Legislature can take care
of her business. Give her the money and she
has the means to pay her liabilities, and she will
justly cancel every cent that she owes.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I did not suppose that this
question was to be brought to a vote to-night, but
if it is, I must be permitted to state briefly my po-
sition in reference to it. I do not now think, and
I never did think, that the United States were at any
time responsible for one dollar of the Texas debts.
When persons chose to buy Texas bonds they
trusted to the faith of Texas. If Texas had in addi-
tion to her faith, pledged any revenue, or any spe-
cific property, still those who took the bonds of
Texas trusted only to the faith of Texas, because
they must have known that Texas, being a sover-
eign State, had the right at any time to divert that
revenue into a differentchannei if she saw proper.
The pledge, therefore, of the revenues of Texas or t
her lands, or any specific fund, was simply a pledge
of the faith of the State in another form. It maybe
ji said, that if Texas did divert that revenue after-
| wards, she violated her faith. You may say that; but
i still she had the power to divert it; hence whether
j! Texas has acted in good faith towards her credit-
i ors in that point of view, is a matter between her
i and her creditors with which we have nothing to
do.
As to the resolutions of annexation, there is
11 nothing in them from which an argument can
' fairly, in my opinion, be drawn that the United
j1 States are responsible. I am willing that the Sen-
ator from Maryland should entertain the opinion
; that it is not a question upon which any one can
I argue. I am willing that he should repeat, over
and over again, as he has done with so much em-
phasis, that there could be nodoubtabout it. Still
| 1 must be permitted to entertain my own opinion.
The resolutions of annexation clearly show that
it was not the understanding between the parties
,! that the United States should assume the debts of
II Texas, though clearly it was the distinct under-
standing between Texas on the one part, and the
United States on the other, that we were not assum-
ing those debts. Why? Because the resolutions
say so in so many words.
i 'The Senator has spoken of the resolutions as a
! treaty with reciprocal guarantees. I care not
., whether we call it a treaty or not; it was a con-
tract between the two Republics, by which the
i one was absorbed in the other—by which Texas
| became a member of this Confederacy—and in
that contract it was stipulated that Texas should
reserve her public lands to pay her debts, and dis-
pose of the residue as she saw proper. We did
not guaranty the lands to her; we did not cede
them to her for that purpose; that is simply a res-
ervation on the part of one of the contracting par-
ties of that which was her own; which she had a
right to dispose of. And she said in that contract
that she reserved her lands to pay her debts, and
i apply the residue to such other purposes as she
saw proper; and in the same clause it is distinctly
, stipulated, that the United States are not to be
: chargeable with any portion of the debts of Texas.
Can there be anything more plain than that, by
the articles of annexation Texas was only to be-
come a State of the Union, remaining herself
responsible for her own debts, and retaining her
public lands with which to meet them? I do not,
then, think it can be said that the United States
incurred the slightest responsibility, directly or
indirectly, legally or justly, to pay one farthing of
those debts.
Then, sir, is there anything in the act establish-
ing the boundary line that binds us to pay the
debts? There, it is true, we bound ourselves to
give $10,000,000 for a certain portion of territory
claimed by Texas. Five millions were directed
to be applied to that portion of the debts for which
her revenues were pledged. I confess that the
provision was not a favorite one with me at the
time. But the question now with which we have
to deal is, what is the effect of it' The effect of
it is simply this: We pay Texas $10,0(10,000;
$5,000,000 of which are to be paid immediately,
and the other five in a certain contingency. We
certainly thereby have not assumed any debt.
There is no express or implied assumption; there
is no legal undertaking to assume. Is there a
moral.one? Will it be said that by your annexa-
tion of Texas to tins Union, the means of Texas
to pay her debts were diminished ? No man will
pretend that they were. Did any one of the holders
of Texas bonds claim that the annexation was a
sacrifice of his interest? We all know that there
was not a Texas creditor in America that was not
an advocate of annexation, upon the grounds of
promoting his pecuniary interest. Do we not all
know it? Do we not know that the bonds went
up in the market immediately when Texas was
annexed ? Do we not know that the bonds be-
came enhanced in value ? And why? Because it
increased the confidence that the debt was to be
paid. We all know this was the fact. Then were
the bond-holders put in any worse pecuniary con-
dition by thecomproinise act that settled the bound-
ary of Texas? Did you find the Texas bond-
holders against the boundary act—against the
$10,000,000? We all know they were the most
patriotic gentlemen in America for saving the
Union, particularly if Texas got $10,000,000 for
it. Sir, their patriotism oozed out, and burst forth
from every avenue, when the glad tidings came
that the boundary was settled, the Union saved,
and especially that §10,000,000 went to Texas; be-
cause they were going to get the full value of their
: bonds from that act. The bonds were enhanced
> in price after that act, showing, therefore, that the
Texas bond-holders lost nothing by our action.
On thecontrary, they have been benefited. Hence
I come to the conclusion that there is no legal or
moral obligation on our part, to assume one dollar
of their debt. I am unwilling to do any act by
i which we shall recognize the remotest obligation
I on us, even to pay one dollar of those debts.
With regard to these $5,000,000, I am willing
to pay it in any way that shall be agreeable to
Texas and the bond-holders, provided you do not
thereby assume any new liability, or increase the
amount to be paid. I am not willing to augment
the amount, or to extend our liability one dollar
beyond the $10,000,000. [f there is any other
mode of paying the $5,000,000 more beneficial
to the bond-holders, and it can be done by the
consent of Texas, I am willing to do it, but I will
do no act without her consent; because, if we pay
a dollar without that consent, we are not entitled
to any credit with Texas upon the account for the
payment, and we will be bound to pay it over
again. Every dollar which we may pay without
the consent of Texas is a donation to the bond-
holders. Call them speculators, operators, cred-
itors, whatever you please, every cent that you
pay without the consent of Texas, is a donation
to them.
But we are told the money is in the Treasury,
and cannot be paid out. Why? Simply because
the Treasury Department have construed the law
to mean that no part of the money can be paid un-
less all the creditors of Texas agree, and all of them
will not agree. I can well suppose a case in
which, among the large number of creditors, there
might be some obstinate men who would refuse
to give their consent to the payment.  I do not
know that that is the case here; but if it is, if
! there are obstinate men who are not to be gov-
i erned by any principle of justice, I can imagine
i a mode by which the difficulty can be remedied.
! Let us pass an act that those who do bring for-
j ward and present their claims may draw their pro
! rata share, provided Texas agrees to it. I think
• Texas and the United States can a^ree to some
little modification of the law, by which we can
avoid the difficulty. If we cannot, there is a mode
by which we can do it, and I am ready to adopt
that mode, and pay the whole$5,n00,0!.:0 to Texas,
! and send the creditors and bond-holders there, and
j let them knock at the doors of Texas as much
; and as long as they please. That is where they
belong, and I am disposed to be in favor of that
■ project; which is to send the whole $5,000,000 to
