1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
973
"ir
Texas, wash our hands of the whole matter, and
have nothing to do with the Texas debts, Texas
bond-holders, or Texas creditors. 1 am inclined
to think that that is the hest way.-
But it is said they will come here. Sir, they
will come here if we encourage them in the way
that the amendment is encouraging them. We
owe Texas five millions, which are going to these
bond-holders. Thev modestly ask us now to con-
rert five millions or* five per cent, bonds into eight
millions of three per cent, 'bonds; and they tell
us we will lose nothing, because the interest on
the one sum is precisely the same that it is upon
the other. The interest may be the same, and it
may be that we will lose nothing before the time
comes to redeem the bonds; but when that time
comes, it may be that we will find there is a slight
difference between redeeming five millions and
eight millions. When, therefore, you look at the
project, it is simply the naked proposition of a
donation of three millions of dollars to the bond-
holders of Texas, in consideration of their sacri-
fices and sufferings by the annexation and the
settlement of the boundary of Texas. I am not
willing to make that donation. I can see no legal
claim, no moral claim for it. 1 can see no equitable
obligation upon us for it. I do not think this is a
proposition which ought to receive our concur-
rence. Nor did 1 suppose that it would have re-
ceived support enough here to suspend the opera-
tion of the Government, and hazard even the ap- ;
propriation bills themselves, in order to force this i
proposition upon us. I was unwilling to take the 1
time in discussing it. But, air, if we have to meet
it, for one I am prepared to meet it, and meet it
boldly; and if it does defeat all the other legis-
lation of the country, let us do our duty, and let
the country determine who will be responsible for
all the consequences that may follow.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, 1 am not will-
ing that the country should be mistaken as to
whom the responsibility is justly chargeable. It
might well be imagined, from the remark made by
the honorable Senator from Illinois as he took his
■Kit, that it was I who introduced this subject at
this time. Sir, I deny it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. They could not have ima-
gined that from anything that I said, because they
know how it was introduced.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator alluded to the in-
troduction of the measure.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I alluded to the consumption
of time.  
Mr. PEARCE. Who has consumed the time?
Who has made long speeches? Who rose just at
eleven o'clock to refute what other gentlemen sup-
posed they had already refuted ? And who now
charges those who advocate this measure with
having thrown the proposition before the Senate, j
which was to defeat the appropriation bills and j
■top the wheels of Government? Sir, I did not
introduce this measure, except as a matter of de-
fense. The Senator from Virginia insisted upon
the introduction of his proposition—a proposition
which some gentlemen here had characterized as
atrocious. I will not do so. I was perfectly will-
ing to let the whole subject pass from the consid-
eration of Congress, i did not wish to introduce
my amendment. I told the honorable Senator
from Virginia that if he introduced his amendment
1 telt bound to resist it, because I thought it vio-
lated a principle of justice. I do not charge him
with impropriety, for he is incapable of doing that
which he thinks wrong. When he introduced
his proposition, then I submitted mineas an amend-
ment to it; but I did not exhaust the time of the
Senate wi& a speech. 1 believe [ did not occupy
five minulfs. I stated in the briefest way possible
the reasons which induced me to offer my propo-
sition as an amendment to the amendment of the
8enator from Virginia, and I would at any time
have abandoned it if the honorable gentleman had
abandoned his. I have been strongly tempted, as
several Senators know, to withdraw the amend-
ment during the course of this discussion, because
I saw the evil to which discussion was leading by
protracting the session of the Senate. I have my-
self refrained from speaking. Very few friends
of the measure have spoken. They have scarcely
consumed half an hour of the time of the Senate
altogether. The delay and embarrassment with
which the appropriation bills are threatened come
from those who oppose the measure. But now,
sir, sine* I have begun, I will ask the attention of
the Senate for a few moments, while I say some-
thing further upon the question.
It seems to me that in the course of this discus-
sion, Senators have confounded things which are
entirely distinct and different. 1 think that they
have forgotten the distinction between power and
right. 1 admit the force and ingenuity of the argu-
ment urged by the Senator from Vermont. But it
was not new to me, for I remember to have heard
the sameargument substantially from that Senator \
some years ago, in reply to a colleague of mine, j
(Mr. Reverdy Johnson,) not now a member of this j
body. He has told us that when a State pledges '<
its revenues it in effect pledges nothing, and that
a sovereign power has the right to modify its
policy as it pleases.
I know very well that every State has the power
to change its revenue laws. It may have a duty
to-ttay of fifty per cent., and to-morrow its policy
may require the reduction of such a duty to thirty
per cent. This is the ordinary power of modifying
a financial system. So, too, a pledge of revenues
or of any particular source of revenue must be
considered subordinate to those great necessities
of a State which require all its means to be devoted
to the defense of the country and the preservation
of national existence, since, otherwise, the very
frame of the Government may be broken up, and
the national existence be destroyed. But I utterly
deny the general proposition in the broad terms in
which it is stated, that a sovereignty, by virtue of
its sovereignty, has a right to change as it pleases
the fund from which payment has been pledged
by it. Such a doctrine is not consistent with law,
and hardly with morality. Nay, more; I venture
to say, that if a Power were to make a pledge of
its revenues specifically by name, and were then
causelessly, under the pretense of a sovereign right,
to withdraw that pledge, and refuse to perform its
solemn promise, it would be the right and duty of
any other sovereign Power, whose citizens were
thus deprived of the pledge, to coerce its perform-
ance. 1 believe that has been done. I am not
sure, but I think that something of that sort pro-
duced the hostilities between France and Mexico
which existed a few years ago. Suppose a pledge
made that the bonds of a State, issued to certain of
its creditors, should be liquidated by being receiv-
able in payment of customs to the amount of one
half of the duties in satisfaction of which they
should be tendered, and that the Government thus
bound to receive them, should refuse to allow
their receipt at any amount at all—would the
Government or country of which these creditors
were subjects or citizens, be answered by saying
that a sovereignty has a right to modify its finan-
cial system as it pleases ?—that the pledge of a
I Government is in effect nothing at all? Would j
j any nation with power to protect its citizens in j
I their right, be satisfied with such a subterfuge ? j
> Woald it not have a right to enforce the pledge j
j by the ultima ratio regttm 1 Would it be satisfied.
!! with the declaration that a pledge of revenues,
| general or special, is only a pledge of honor, and
that, not having the character of a strictly legal
: transaction, it might be departed from at pleasure?
j By the convention between the United States
j and Mexico, in 1843, the latter Government agreed
; to pay certain awards made in favor of citizens of
i the United States, and solemnly pledged " the
1 ' proceeds of the direct taxes of the Mexican Re-
1 ' public for the payment of the installments and
: ' interest aforesaid. '
! Did the Government of the United States un-
derstand this to be a pledge of nothing? If so,
how came they to provide as they aid, " that
1 ' whilst no other fund is specifically hypothecated,
' the Government of the United States, by accept-
' ing this pledge, does not incur any obligation to
1 ' look for payment of these installments and inter-
«est to that fund alone."
It seems to me that* Government which has
thus negotiated is estopped from saying that a
national pledge of revenues is in effect nothing.
What does such a doctrine amount to but to say
that the most solemn pledge which a nation can
give is only a cheat and a mockery? The power
to violate honor and contract may exist; but who,
upon any principle of morality, can defend the
conduct of a nation who issues its bonds pledging
for their payment not merely the public faith, but
the public revenues; and not merely the revenues
in general, but specific revenues, and then, in scorn
of public faith and disregard of solemn pledges,
replies to the cheated creditor, we pledged in effect
nothing ? Or is it less immoral to say we pledged
indeed our revenue from customs, but we have
seen fit to abolish all duties on imports, which we
have a strict right to do, as all Governments must
at all times reserve a right to modify their finan-
cial systems, and therefore, your pledge is in ef-
fect nothing? Could similar conduct be defended
in the case of an individual, and if not, how can
it be in the instance of a nation ?
Sir, although the general power and right of a
sovereignty to modify its policy is not to be de-
nied, no one can fail to see how circumstances
may restrain and limit that right.
And while the overruling necessities of a State
may excuse its neglect of contract and violation of
pledges, this does not destroy the right to the
thing pledged any more than it annihilates the ob-
ligation to pay, and that the creditor is not justly
answered by saying we have dried up or diverted
the source of revenue pledged to you, and you
must look to such other sources as remain to us.
I conclude, therefore, that a pledge of revenue is
something more than a pledge of mere integrity
or honor, and gives value to the obligation of in-
tegrity. This goes to the root of the matter, and,
I nope, answers the argument of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Phelps.]
But 1 have heard a great deal about speculators.
That is rung again and again in our ears. Does
it make the slightest difference in a moral or legal
point of view by whom the bonds of Texas are
held? What was the obligation of Texas? It
was to pay to the holder of a given bond a certain
sum of money; and suppose that bond has passed
through ten thousand hands, is the obligation of
the State varied in the slightest degree? What
gives the bond its value at any time? Who would
take the bonds of any Government if he knew
that he was to be told that he could not part with
it to another, or if he did part with it to another,
that that other was not to receive the full price of
the obligation, but should receive just so much
only as the State, in the exercise of its sovereign
rights, chose to fix as the amount of its liability ?
I acknowledge no such right on the part of a
State. No such right can be shown to exist in
any book of authority, and if any such book could
be found, it would only be fit to be thrown into
the fire; for it would admit a principle of immo-
rality such as would destroy the foundation of
all compacts, because it would destroy all confi-
dence. I care not whether the holders of the bonds
are speculators or not; they have the bonds law-
fully. They have them in the manner in which
the compact with Texas authorized them to get
1 them; and the responsibility for the payment is
! just as great as it would be for the payment to the
original holders of the bonds. It is no answer to
a claim to say that speculators have got hold of it.
An individual never asks whether the indorsee of
his promissory note gave one hundred cents on
the dollar for it or less. He only looks to the
tenor of "the obligation, and no one has a right to
do anything else.
I do not mean to throw any censure upon Texas
by what I have said. I regret to have said thus
much. I say it in answer to the remarks made
by the gentleman in regard to the sovereign rights
of a State. I think they have been misunderstood
and misapplied; and I say it in defense of myself
for introducing the proposition which I have in-
troduced. I introduced it with the kindest feeling
to Texas. I provide in it for the assent of Texas.
I do not desire that the plan which I propose should
go into operation without her assent. 1 supposed
: that by introducing the proposition which I brought
forward—one by which she would be relieved from
a heavy burden of debt—she would feel that her
honor was unstained; she would feel that her cred-
itors were satisfied, and that the world would have
no right to complain of.her.' I do not think that
I should be reproached, as I was in effect, for the
introduction of the proposition, by being told that
I proposed to give away $3,000,000 of public
money. I did suppose as has been said, by a
man whose name is much better known than my
own, that the creditors of Texas had a moral claim
upon the Governmen t of the United States, because
that Government, by the annexation of Texas,
had taken into its own possession, and diverted
from the treasury of Texas, those revenues which
had been set apart by that Republic for the satis-
faction of its debt. That was said by Mr. Clay.
