974
TflE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
I know that $10,000,000 were voted in the bound-
ary act; but it never would have been granted by
this Government, if it had not been believed that
we were under some liability for the debt of Texas.
I know that was the principle which induced me
to offer so lar^e a sum. As to the claim of Texas
to all the territory to the Rio Grande, few consid-
ered it originally good. Some considered that it
had acquired validity by the operation of the treaty
of peace with Mexico, while others, and those not
a few, thought it altogether bad. I was willing to
give $10,000,000, partly in consideration of that
claim, and in deference to the opinion of so many
gentlemen, and partly for the purpose of getting
rid of our liability for the debts of Texas. But,
sir, it is midnight, and I will not consume the
time of the Senate further.
Mr. MASON. I do not mean to make any
charge. I have none to make. I have no inform-
ation as to how the bonds have been obtained by
the present holders. I have never inquired; I do
not mean to inquire. I have nothing to do with
it. I offered my amendment in order to comply
with the compact of 1850, to pay this money to
the State of Texas, to piovide for it simply by
authorizing the payment to be made as fast as the
condition is complied with on which the compact
was made The honorable Senator from Mary-
land says that upon the mover of that proposition
is all the responsibility to which it leads. Sir, 1 as-
sume that responsibility.
Mr. PEAROE. I have not said that. The
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Dougi.as] alluded to
the consumption of time by the debate on the
amendment, and the consequent hazarding of the
appropriation bills. I replied that 1 had not in-
troduced the proposition, and that the friends of
my proposition had consumed very little time in
debating it.
Mr. MASON. I take the whole responsibility
of introducing that amendment. But, sir, I say
there rests upon the Senator who offered the
amendment to the amendment a responsibility.
He says he offered his to frustrate mine. What
is his' It is a proposition that the Government 1
shall pay the creditors. It is a departure from the
law of 1850.
I put this to that Senator: Suppose the proposi- !
tion that I have made passes, and that one tenth,
or one sixth, or one fourth of the creditors of
Texas avail themselves of it, and release the Uni- >
ted States: what prevents that honorable Senator
then from offering his amendment as to the resi-
due of the debt? While we have five millions in
the Treasury, suppose one million is paid under
the releases, and the other four millions are not
paid in that manner; what prevents the Senator |
from offering his amendment then? Mine does
not interfere with his in the least degree. He 1
says he has offered his to frustrate mine. I say,
then, the whole responsibility of the delay or of
the defeat of the appropriation bills, or whatever 1
else may ensue, is upon him, and not upon me. |
I have not gone into an examination of the ques- !
tion about the liability. I do not mean to do so.
But if the amendment of the Senator from Mary- j
land prevails, it will throw a liability upon the '
United States which I wish to avoid, and then I
will have no hesitation whatever, so far as my ac-
tion is concerned, in staking this appropriation '
bill upon it. I now merely ask for the yeas and !
nays on the amendment of the Senator from Ma- >
ryland.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to inquire of
the Chair whether, if the amendment to the amend-
ment prevails, by striking out all after the enact- j
ing clause of the original amendment, and inserting !
what the Senator offers, it will then be subject to !
amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) It will be ih order to move any
amendment which does not interfere with what
the Senate has inserted.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will it be in the power
of tfie Senate to strike out any part of itJ
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir,
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I cannot vote for
the amendment to the amendment.
The question was ihen taken by yeas and nays,
and resulted—yeas 8, nays 31: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Foot, Miller, Morton, Pearce
Pratt, Seward, and Smith—8. '
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bayard, Borland, Bright,
Brodhead, Butler, Cass, Chase. Clarke, Davis, Dawson,
De SausMire, I)od«e of fowa, Douglas, Felch, Fish, Fitz-
pjitriok, (rojor, Hainltn, Houston, Hunter, Jones ot fowu,
Jones ot Tennessee, Mason, IVorris, Phelps, Rusk, Sebas-
tian, Spruauce, Sumner, Toucey, Underwood, Walker, and
VVeller—34.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. BRIGHT. I now move to amend the
i amendment by striking out all after the enacting
! clause, and inserting:
That lite suin of <$5,000,fl00, with interest thereon from
the first day ot January, 1851, is hereby appropriated, to be
dividedpio rata, among those creditor* ot the late Repub-
lic of Texas for who«;e claims the revenues of said Hepub
he were pledged according to the decision of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and confirmed by the President of the
United States, under date of September 13,1K31; to wit:
" The holders of thp certificates or other evidences of debt,
' issued under the acts of June 7 and June 9, 1827, of flfo-
* vember, IM6, of May 16, 1638, of January 22, 1839, of
( January 14. 1840, and one of the acts of February o, 1*4U,
' a* described in said report of said Secretary: Provided,
' That said creditor* shall, on or before the first day of July,
* 1853, make a full assignment to the United States of said
1 certificates or other evidences of said debts ; and when the
' original certificates of said debts have been surrendered
' to tlie authorities of the State of Texas, and new certifi-
' cate« have been issued therefor by said State, said new
i certificates shall be received as evidence of the original
6 amount ot said claim, and shall be assigned accordingly."
Mr. MASON. I call for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas arid nays were ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Indiana whether he would amend his
proposition in such a way as to allow the individ-
ual creditor to surrender and assign his claim, pro-
vided the others do not do it, and to take his pro
rata proportion of the $5,000,000? I think his
amendment requires the whole amount to be
surrendered before any can be paid. Am I mis-
taken ?
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I am satisfied
with it as it is.
Mr. BRIGHT made some remarks, which will
be found in the Appendix.
! Mr. WALKER. I desire to ask the Senator
from Indiana if there is any provision in his amend-
ment for the assent of the State of Texas ?
j Mr. BRIGHT. There is not.
Mr. WALKER. Then I will ask this ques-
; tion: What is there to prevent Texas protesting;
; either prior or subsequent to this act, or after we
have paid the 8,5,000,000, saying to us that Ve
have paid without her consent and against her
compact with us, and demanding that we pay it
over again ?
Mr. BRIGHT. The answer to that will be found
in this: When Texas has taken the $5,000,000—
[ to which she alleges she is entitled under the act
to which I have referred—if she should demand
the payment of the other $5,000,000, we respond
by producing the assignments of the debts which
shall have been transferred tons by her creditors.
Mr. HOUSTON. In relation to the extract from
the message of the President of Texas, to which
the Senator has alluded, I must regret that the
i whole of the message is not here. Those were
j the sentiments which I entertained at the time;
! and in continuation of that extract I went on to
show how and why it was th&t Texas ought to
I pay her debts; and it will be found that the sug-
| gestions there made were those on which the sca-
j ling took place subsequently, in 1848. But we
| have only a portion of the message brought before
; us; and the true meaning of it cannot very well
be construed independent of and separate from
the rest of the message. But I will state another
fact to the Senate; that after that message was
delivered, in December, 1841, I believe it was, a
law was passed declaring that every public officer
should receive his salary at par value. But on
account of the new currency, the value of the bills
was depreciated to twenty^five cents on the dollar.
They received their salaries at what the bills
passed currently. They were charged with the
amount of one hundred cents on the dollar, when
they only received twenty-five cents, and not one
of them had ever brought forward a claim to re-
ceive compensation on that account. I know the
Executive never did, and that he did not receive
one eighth of his salary during the three years he
was in power. When the message was issued,
notwithstanding the suggestions contained in it
in relation to the determination of Texas to pay
her debts honestly and justly, only for all she had
ever realized, the bonds went up in New Orleans
from three to five cents, to eighteen and twenty
cents, in one week. That was the impression
which this message had upon the currency of
Texas at that time. The repudiation had been
spoken of, and believing that what I said was an
act of justice, and that it would prevent specula-
tion, I came out with the sentiments that have
been read. 1 am satisfied, with the exception of
the city of New Orleans, that the great valley of
the Mississippi does not at this hour contain fifty
dollars of Texas's liabilities, and not one dollar
held in the hands of those to whom they were
originally issued.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to my friend from Indiana which may in-
duce him to modify his amendment. He desires
to pay the five millions which have been reserved,
and to pay them in cash. At the time the boundary
act passed, the United States bonds were worth
one hundred and ten cents on the dollar. He
desires to pay the amount we reserved. He
promises by his proposition to pay them in sto."k
which was at that time worth one hundred and
ten cents on the dollar. I suggest that he modify
his amendment to make it conform to what he
desires.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to ask one question
of the Senator from Texas. Did the Legislature
of Texas, in 1851, pass any act authorizing the
creditors of Texas to come to the city of Wash-
ington and release her debts under the act 1850,
and receive payment for them according to the
scale ?
Mr. RUSK. The Legislature of Texas did
this: They made an appropriation out of the
money in the treasury of Texas to pay to the
creditors the rates which were affixed to the
claims by the act of 1848, when the United States
should so modify the provision in the boundary
act as to pay to the State the amount of the re-
leases which should be filed.
While I am on the floor I desire to make another
statement. The honorable Senator from Indiana
chooses to designate Texas as scaling, and yet he
performs the same operation by his amendment.
There are amongst these claims various of them
which have been put down at eighty and ninety
cents on the dollar. Texas, through her officers—
and I believe Texas officers are about as honest
as men generally are—has reduced them that far.
The Senator proposes to scale them below that,
and go down to sixty cents, and put those who
purchased the promissory notes of Texas at
twelve-and-a-half cents or less on the dollar, ex-
actly on the same footing as those who paid one
hundred cents on the dollar. Is this fair?
The honorable Senator has spoken of his being
on the Committee of Thirteen. I laid before thai
committee of thirteen a statement of the amount
of Texas's liabilities, which upon their face
amounted to twelve and a half millions of dollars.
That committee never reported a sum at all. The
honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pearce]
introduced a bill in which he placed it at ten mil-
lions. It was utterly impossible for Texas to have
paid twelve and a half millions with ten millions.
That was out of the question. The Senator says
she has a large amount of public domain. Sir,
that domain has been open at all times to every
creditor of Texas, and is now open to them to be
taken in payment of their claims at fifty cents an
acre; and if the United States will just take their
own Indians off those lands, they will be as much
sought after as any vacant lands on this continent.
Mr. BRIGHT here again addressed the Senate.
[His remarks, not received from him i time for
publication here, will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. RUSK. If the honorable Senator had
heeded my appeal, and, instead of holding this bill
back until the last days of the session, had
brought it forward, as I desired it should be done
at an early day, we would have been relieved from
the position in which we are placed. I have not
time to-night to go into the investigation of the
matter before the Senate. I have not been pre-
pared to hear the appeals of ladies produced here
in derogation of my State. When the petitions
on the subject were first presented in January or
February of last year, I begged the Committee oil
Finance to report, that I might have time fully to
investigate the subject. I know that it would be
imposing upon the Senate, but 1 could show that
