18$8.
TRB CONGRESSIONAL GLOW.
975
the cries of women and children, who are now in |
their graves, have come up to this Government ,
asking them to comply with treaty stipulations, I
and this Government has failed to do it. The '
Government is failing to do it now, and while I
am speaking, the Indiana which belong to the
United States, who have no claim on the territory
of Texas, are there, keeping the frontiers con-
stantly in alarm and confusion. Yes, sir, renderr
ing the very land of which the Senator speaks
totally valueless for settlement, and this Govern-
ment is throwing no protection over thera.
I have made no assault upon the creditors of
Texas, but some of them have extensively circu-
lated a book, well printed,containing extracts here
and there to make out a case; and I And in the
Tery beginning of this book the following:
" t< is no part of our plan to give a particular view or the
considerations that induced the Teians to dissolve their
connection with Mexico. Suffice it to say, thai land specu
latiuna aud antipathy nf race appear* to have been the
main causes of the revolution, the incidents of which we
propose to narrate so far only as connected with the debts
thereby iacurred."
This gentleman say? that he writes at the in-
stance of no creditor of Texas. That statement
was very necessary. I undertake to say that the '
statement contained in that extract is in direct
conflict with the facts of the case. Speculation
had nothing to do with the revolution in Texas.
The Government of-Mexkx jMt90ed * law changing
that Government from a federal to a central
Government. Against that the fMople of Texas
took up no arms; but to enforce it, Mexico passed
another law, to take from the people of the coun-
try, and surrender up to the Government, their
arms. They sent an army to Texas for the pur-
pose of enforcing that law. That army came to
Gonzalas to take & piece of cannon that the citi-
zens of Texas had purchased to defend themselves,
against the Indians. The Texans told them to
take it if they desired, and when they made the
attempt to take it a fight ensued, and the revolu-
tion followed. Talk about the antipathyof the
races producing the revolution.! Sir, many.Mex?
icajis, who resided among us, from one end of the
country to the other, took,up arms against,us,
and joined their country no ep when they, came
there. Their property was th«re; their atl was
there. They fought against us; and 1. as|c the
honorable Senator, or the writer of this book, or
anybody else, to show that one dollar of their ,
property was ever confiscated,. No, sir; it was
all left to them, and they were protected in its
possession. j
Many other Governments have been in the con-
dition in which Texas has been placed. The
Government of this country was in almost pre-
cisely the same condition. It issued its continental
money, and passed lays to enforce it. They
forced the citizens and soldiers to take it, Ttaft
passed penal laws to force itirito circulaUop,, .Te:j;.-
as never did any such thing. The Government of
the United States has never paid for the face of
those bills, or what they received for them. It
made the plea of necessity to repudiate the whole
concern. Texas has not done it. Let the honor-
able Senator point me to a single Government
which in revolutionizing contracted a debt, and
then offered to pay it to the extent that Texas has,
done, and at so early a day after the revolution.
But 1 do not enter into a discussion of the rights
of the creditors of Texas. I have entered into no
defense or excuse in regard to the scaling matter.
Texas is not responsible to you for her acts, and
before this Government talffis upon herself to de-
cide, she must come with cltjan hands, and account
for violated treaties. But, sir, do onsoif two things.
If you have such anxiety for tho«e creditors,
either pay the debt yourselves or allp% Texas to
pay it. Sir, some of those cre4i|ol j furnished
Texas with money—so it is putdowniii the book;,
some performed services, and here stftnds back
one creditor, and says the rest shall not receive
one dollar unless he gets what he demands.
I think it was extremely bad taste, whatever
may have been the object, for the Senator to in-
troduce the letter which he produced before us- I
know not why the name of General Dunlop has
been introduced here; but it has been done. I was
not prepared at this late hour of the night to hear
such a letter read. I could read letters, but 1 do
not choose to do so. I do not consider that they
are legitimate arguments. I could read letters of
orphans and widows whose interests have been
sacrificed by your neglect, and whose rights are
now withheld, because of the cupidity of some
of the creditors. Texas has offered to pay the
amount which she received, with ten per cent, in-
terest; but here stands some creditor who will not
agree to it; and not only will they not take their
payment at the scaled rate, but they will permit
nobody else to do it. And thus it is that hy your
own act this matter cannot be settled.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to tonow from
the honorable Senator from Indiana the date of
that letter ?
Mr. BRIGHT. January the 15th. The hon-
orable Senator from Texas said it was rather in
bad taste to bring forward the letter. I desire
simply to say that the amendment offered by the
Senator from Maryland is based upon the claim
of the lady, Mrs. Bonny castle, and other such
claims. The honorable Senator from yirginia
presented a petition, and had it referred originally
to the Committee on Finance; so if it was in bad
taste for me to read a letter petitioning, it was
just as much so for the Senator from Virginia to
present it.
Mr. RUSK. He did not read it openly.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 bring it as the appeal of a I
creditor, and as a reason why the claim should be
acted on. One word further. I hope the hon-
orable Senator from Texas does not refer to me
when he alludes to thescalpingof which he spoke.
I can assure him that I had no agency in it.
Mr. HOUSTON. That lady, is very careless
about her debt. She says it is scaled in some way,
but she does not know how it is; but who is the
gentleman who has written the book to which nay j
colleague has alluded ? G-to-u-g-e—nothing less j
than Gouge. Mr. Gouge was employed m the
Treasury department of Tpxas as a clerk for a I
length of time. Some how or other we find him
again in Texas. He does not know how it was,
but he says when he got there he had such facili-
ties for obtaining facts, and the people were so
very kind to him, that he was tempted to write a.
book. He did not think of it when h« went tbereJ
Now, Mr. President, it is a pity-to spoil such a
pretty story, but whoever heard of a man writing
a book of this size (hiding op a volumeof respect-
able size) without intending to d$ it? [LiawghWr.]
No man ever will persuade me that it was an ac-
cident. There was a- design in it, you may -rely
upon it, and that design was to bring the -claims ••
against Texas so as to depreciate Texas is the con- j 1
sideration of this body. I -havenotime to do Mr. jj
Gouge justice. [Laughter.] I could comment
upon the accuracy of his style, the precision of
his calculations, his statesmanlike .reflections* and
a great many good things could be said about him,
but 1 will leave him to somebody else. My friend
from Statth Carolina [Mr. BeTMs*};can do him
jutgofei JB«U aawireiumUiai I h«Ml>ewiHb«vve
The yaas and nays being taka ^>f -th«.ameoa-
ment to the amendment, resulted—i^eaa 17, nays
25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bright, Brodhead, Clarke, Firth,
Foot, James, Jones of "Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Miller,
Morton, Pratt, Seward, Smith, Spruance, Underwood, and I
Wade—17.
jVAYS—Messra. Atchison, Bsyard, Borland,- Butler, j
Cass, Chase, Davis, Dawson, De Saussure, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, Feleh, Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Hamlin, Hous-
ton, Honter, Mason, Norris, Phelps, Husk, Sebastian,
Sumner, Toucey, Walker, and Weller—35.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question then recurring on the amendment,
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas aHd nays,
and they were ordered', and being taken, resulted
—yeas 13, nays 31; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Batler, DeSmwure, Dodge of
Iowa, Douglas, .Fitzpatrick, Foot, Boastpn,Mason, Mor-
ton, Phelps, Rusk, and Sebastian—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Borland, Bright, Brod-
head, Cass, Chase, Clarke, Dpvis, Dawson, FeleT), Fish,
Gever Gwin, Hamlin, Hunter, James, Jones ef Jowa, Join**
of Tennessee, Miller, Norris, Fearee, Pratt, Seward, Smith-
S^ruance, Sumner, Toucey, Underwood, Walker, and
Weller—31.
So it was rejected. ,
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I offer the following
amendment:
That the Secretary of the Treasnry be, and he is hereby,
authorized to construct a marine hospital at Burlington, in
the State «f Iowa, and that there be, and hereby is, appro-
priated the sum of #15,000 for the said purpose, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
That has received the unanimous consent of the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any estimate for it ?
Mr. HAMLIN. There is an estimate from the
Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I submit the following
amendment:
That the Secretary of the Treasnry be, and he hereby is,
directed to examine the claim presented by the county of
Lee, State of Iowa, for the expenses of the United State*
district court, which were paid by said connty prior to the
admission of said State into the Union; aad if, upon exam-
ination, he is satisfied that prior to said time the county has
paid the amount which, in accordance with the instructions
of the First Comptroller of the Treasury, dated September
19,1843, should have been paid by the marshal of the Uni-
ted States for said Territory, he is direeted to audit and
aHow the same : iVowrferf, The amount thus allowed shall
notexceed thtesttm of$i4,400, which is hereby appropriated
to thnt purpose, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
I would state that the provision contained in the
amendment hasbeen before agreed to by the Sen-
ate. It is precisely such a provision as was
adopted in the last civil and diplomatic bill, in
reference to another county in Iowa. -
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate ad journ.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope not. Let us get
through with the bill.
Mr. MASON called for the yeas and nays upon
the motion; but they were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I now desire to submit
an amendment to do an act of justice to two indi-
viduals. It is to add the following:
That there be paid to James B. Smallwood and Martin
Le Truite, boys attending upon the mail wagon of the Sen-
ate, the sum of $140 eaeh, being twenty per cent in addi-
tion to their pay for the year ending the 30th of June, 1853.
Mr. BRIGHT. That is all right. It was an
omission tha#tbky did not get it before.
The'amendment wan agreed to.
Mr. FISH. I offer the following amendment:
For carrying into effect The provision of the act establish-
ing an assay offifce in the city of NMv York; in addition "to
the charges herein authorized to be received, $100*000 Is
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER. That is only an appropria-
tion to carry out an amendment, which the Sen-
ate has already adopted to the bill.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 20, noes not counted.
Mr. FELCH. I move to amend the bill, by
adding at the end of the clause making an appro-
priation for the salaries of registers of land offices,
the following:
Jlnd provMed furtktr, That the President be, and he is
hereby, authorized to change the location of the several land
offices, and to establish the same from time to time at such
other place* in the district as he may deem expedient.
That, is a matter which I explained the other
d 7- _
Theamandment was agritd to.
Mr. FELCH. I offer the followingr, by the-di-
rection-of the same committee, to be added at the
end of line 1131:
Provided, That it nhsfl he lawftl for the President of
the United States, if he deems it expedient, to divide Cali-
fornia into three separate and distinct land districts, in such
manner as circumstances shall determine to be necessary,
and lie shall appoint, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, or during the recess of Congress when neces-
sary, a register of th« land office arwl receiver of the public
motleys for each of such districts ; and the land offices for
the same, respectively, shall be located at, and be removed
from time to time from such places as the President may
deem most suitable for public convenience ; and the land
within said districts, with the exception of the mineral
lands, and such other lands as shall be exempted from sale
by competent authority, shall be subject to entry at the proper
offices, in-the same manner as other portions of the public
domain; and the registers and receivers shall each receive
Rsalsryof .§3,900, and the usual fees allowed in other eases;
but the entire compensation shall in no instance exceed the
sum of $4,000.
Mr. DAWSON. Is that in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is reported
from a committee.
Mr. DAWSON. Then I desire to inquire if
there has been any survey of the land-in Cali-
fornia?
Mr. GWIN. Five hundred thousand acres
have been appropriated, and there is not a land
district in the State. This bill has passed the Ber-
ate by a unanimous Tate, and is lying on the table
in the other House* We have no land district in
the State.
The amendment was agreed to.
