976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1.
Mr. FELCH. I am directed by the Committee ]
oil Public Lands to offer the following amendment,
to come in under the head of surveys of the public
lands:
Tiint within each of the several States containing the
public domain of the 1 Tmteii States where railroads are
authorized by the laws of said States, respectively, to be
constructed, which said railroads will run through any por-
tion of the said domain remaining unsold, within six miles
ot the routes of the said several railroads before mentioned,
then' hereby reserved from sale, entry, or location, until
otherwise directed by Congress, said six miles, being six sec-
tions on t-acli side of the several railroads throughout all the
entire routes thereof, -.o far as authorized by the said laws of
paid several States respectively; which said lands so reserved
shall be set apart by the Secretary of the Interior at the
earliest practicable period, in contortmty with the routes,
and running from, through, and to, all the points designated
in the laws ot said State-., respectively, and subject to cor-
rection upon plats of survey furnished by (lie parties author-
ized by the said several States, respectively, at any tune be-
fore tile first Monday of November next; said Secretary
deviating in no respect from the routes and points desig-
nated in the laws of *aid States, respectively, or tile provis-
ions of tins act of Congre-s ■ Provided, That nothing herein
contained shall m air," way alFector linpairthe rights of any
actual settler who m.ly have heretofore settled upon any of
the said lands, and who would have acquired a title to the
Fame under any existing law of Congress : and the Secre-
tary of the Tnterior, so Mr as authorized by any existing law
of Congress be, and he is herein . directed to complete the
surveys of the public lands as soon as practicable, to tile
extent reserved as aforesaid on each side of said raihoads ;
the said Secretary repotting ins pioceedings to Congress at
the commencement of the next session, for such action ill
their discretion as they may direct, in relation to all the
said lands reserved as aforesaid ; and this provision shall
also apply to the routes described in the bills providing tor
grants of alternate sections for roads, which have passed
either House of the present Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not understand this
amendment. We are ingrafting intricate systems
at this hour of the night, or rather of the morning,
upon this appropriation bill. There will not be
tune for a committee of conference to read the
amendments which we are putting on.
Mr. WALKER. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by adding:
Provide J also, That the provisions of this section shall
not be applicable to any person who shall desire to buy,
enter, or loeate any of saiil lands tor the purpose of his or
her persona! settlement and occupation ; such purpose to be
ascertained by the oatll of the person making such purchase
or occupation.
Mr. FELCH. I have no objection to that, but
X have not the power of accepting it, I presume,
as my amendment was reported from a committee.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall not put such
things on the appropriation bills.
Mr. WALKER. In one proviso of the com-
mittee it is provided that persons who have here-
tofore settled shall not be excluded from buying
their lands themselves, and the second proviso
simply protects the immigrant or person who seeks
to settle on the land, and who buys your land
warrants, from the old States, and wants to locate
them in the land States, to get a home.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I believe the effect of
the amendment will be, that all the land which 1
want reserved for the building of railroads, will be
taken up for purposes of speculation.
Mr. FELCH. The amount of this provision is
this: In five out of the twelve land sales, the pres-
ent Congress have granted alternate sections along
the lines of railroads. Though they have adopted
in these cases tins principle, they have neglected to
provide for the other States in any respect; and
those States have received nothing. There is not
now time for the other House to act on those bills.
We propose simply, that along the lines of rail-
roads authorized by the laws of the States, there
shall be reserved until the next session of Congress
the alternate sections which would be granted
now if those bills passed. That is the provision;
but it does not prevent any settler who will go on
and make actual settlement from purchasing or
settling on the land. It only meets, and is only de-
signed to meet, the case of a speculator desiring to
purchase up a large amount of these warrants, to
go into the States where the grants have not been
made, and seize all the valuable lands lying along
the line of the railroads for which grants were pro-
posed ; so that next year, if the same justice be done
to those States which has been done to the others, j
there will not be an acre of land that can be taken
for the purpose, unless some provision of this sort
be adopted. !
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish the Senate to un-I
derstand this amendment, and I wish to understand !
it myself. I think thechairman of the Committee
on Public Lands is wrong in his view of it. If
you will just reserve the alternate sections and pro-
liibitsettlement on them for the benefit of the route,
and then allow settlements to take up the remain-
ing sections, there will be so much reserved. But
then what becomes of the principle of reserving al-
ternate sections for the Government at double
price, in order that the Government shall lose noth-
ing? It is gone.
Mr. HAMLIN. I know very well that many
bills have passed the Senate and have gone to the
House, which are now sleeping on the table of
that House, making appropriations of lands for
roads in various instances. We also know that
the House has passed a bill and sent it here,
making appropriations of land to the old States
for the purpose of making an equality in this dis-
tribution of the public lands. There may be great
regret on the part of my friend from Michigan,
that the Senate bills have not passed the House,
and I suppose that those who voted for Bennett's
land bill ih the House, may have very great
regrets that it has not been acted upon in the
Senate. Now, I propose when that of the Senator
from Wisconsin shall be disposed of as an amend-
ment, that an amount of land equal to that which
he has proposed to reserve shall also be reserved
for the old States of the Union.
Mr. FELCH. This amendment of mine does
not grant a single acre. It is a simple reserva-
tion.
The question being taken 011 the amendment of
Mr. Walker to the amendment, there were, on a
division—ayes 1G, noes 13; not a quorum voting.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I think there is a quorum
here.
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken resulted—yeas 2, nays 24; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Rusk and Sumner—2.
NAVS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Borland, Bright, Brod-
head, Chase, Dodge of fowa, Douglas, Felch, Fist), Fitz-
patrick, Toot. Geyer, Gwin, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter,
James, Jones of Iowa, Mason, Morion, Norris, Walker,
and Weller—24.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that the Sergeant-at-
Arms be directed to request the attendance of
absent members.
The motion was agreed to; and
The PRESIDING OFFICER directed theSer-
geant-at-Arms to execute the order of the Senate.
After an interval of time—
Mr. RUSK. In place of progressing, it is my
opinion that we are unfitting ourselves to do duty
to-niorrow. Some Senators have gone home and
gone to sleep, and it is evident that we cannot get
through to-night. I therefore move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
Mr. CHASE. Is that motion in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is always in
order.
Mr. BRIGHT. My motion was an extreme
one, and I should not have submitted it except in
an extreme case. Unless we dispose to-night of
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, the
chances are that we shall lose all the appropriation
bills.
Mr. DAWSON. We have violated all the
rules of the body by making the appropriation
bills mere vehicles of carrying through the ordi-
nary legislation of the country.
Mr. RUSK. 1 withdraw the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. DAWSON. I am opposed to the plan
which we are pursuing. I do not think we ought
to embarrass gentlemen who have gone off hon-
estly, under the impression that nothing would
be put on the appropriation bills which was not per-
tinent to them. I think it is wrong to send and
disturb them. I have never, since I have been a
member of the Senate, known a call of the body to
be made, or the Sergeant-at-Arms to be sent for
absent members. It is contrary to all Senatorial
precedent.
After a further interval—
Mr. CHASE. It is very obvious that we can-
not get through the bill to-night, and I therefore
renew the motion to adjourn.
Mr. BORLAND. If the Senator will with-
draw the motion, I desire to report a bill from the
Committee on Public Lands, not with any view
of passing it at this session, but 
Mr. DAWSON. There is no quorum, and it
cannot be received.
Mr. BORLAND. I suppose by unanimous
consent I can make the report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unanimous
consent, when less than a quorum is present, can
do nothing.
Mr. CHASE. I insist on the motion to ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr BRODHEAD. Although there is not a
quorum present, I presume it is in order for me to
say that 1 have struggled two days to get the floor
in order to offer an amendment to this bill, appro-
priating one hundred and sixty acres of land to
the soldiers who served in the war of 1812. I
have not been successful, and I make this state-
ment for the purpose of satisfying those who are
anxious to have it passed that I have been en-
deavoring to do my duty.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope it is not intended that
we shall execute the order of sending the Sergeant-
at-Arms to wake up gentlemen at this hour of the
night, but I hope we shall adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. I think there is
a quorum, or very nearly a quorum, in the Cham-
ber.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires six
more Senators to make a quorum.
Mr. DAWSON. This is an odd scene in the
Senate, and I hope it will not be persisted in.
Mr. WELLER. I really think jt is utterly
impossible to prosecute any further business to-
night. We have this remarkahle fact: Some, if
not all of those gentlemen who have consumed so
large a portion of time in speaking, and thus oc-
cupied us until one o'clock, have gone home, and
are now, no doubt, comfortable in bed.
Mr. WALKER. And I want them waked up
and brought here.
Mr. WELLER. It seems to me that it jp ut-
terly impossible to transact any further business
to-night, and because of my unwillingness to re-
main here without accomplishing anything, I
move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Will that be equiva-
lent to rescinding the order to the Sergeant-at-
Arms to bring absent members here, or will they
be brought here in the dark, and left by them-
selves till morning when we meet again? [Laugh-
ter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote of
the Senate is, that absent members be requested
to attend. There is no order to bring them here.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to; there
being, on a division—ayes 10, noes 13.
Mr. RUSK. I desire to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Finance if he expects to get a
quorum to-night ?
Mr. HUNTER. If we do not get a quorum
and finish the bill to-night, I do not expect to
carry it through at all; that is to say, if it be car-
ried it will only be done by the House rejecting
all our amendments, and adhering to that rejection
so as to force us to pass the bill as they sent it, or
not at all. Under these circumstances, I think
we had better make the effort to get a quorum
here to-night, and pass the bill. It does seem to
me that Senators might give up their remaining
amendments, and let the bill be engrossed and
sent to the House, and save the amendments al-
ready adopted. Is not that more important than
to debate the time which remains with doubtful
questions ?
Mr. CHASE. I wish to say that I voted
against the adjournment heretofore, because it ap-
peared to be the disposition of the Senate to go on
and act on further amendments to-night; and as I
intended to offer some, I thought it better to go on
and dispose of the bill; but as it is quite in vain
to expect a vote to-night, and as 1 hope there will
be a disposition shown in the morning to refrain
from offering amendments, I renew the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. Do we understand that it is
the general wish that we are to refrain from offer-
ing amendments in the morning, so that the
amendments can be engrossed in the mean time
and sent down to the House?
Mr. RUSK, i have one amendment which I
am bound to offer.
