THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32p Cos-iirejs, 2c Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 1, 1853.
New Series...No. 62.
Mr. HUNTER. That is what 1 feared; I
think we had better go on now.
Mr. DAWSON. I am very willing (o let the
bil '><? lost, it" gentlemen will persist m ottering
amendments which have no proper connection
with t le appropriation bills. It is a violation of
the rues of parliamentary order to be putting oil
suuecis of legislation in this bill.
Mr. CHASE. I will say that I really think
the ile ay ;n .ntroducing the appropriation bills till
 o !*:e a period of the session that it has become
almost imnoasible to act upon them would be well
rewarded by the loss of one of them ; and I doubt
very much whether anything will waken the
country 'o the delays of Congress until some ap-
propriation b.Il be lost.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know to
whom the honorable Senator from Ohio refers
wheti he speaks of the delays in reporting the ap-
propriation 'ills; for we have reported those bills
prompt!;' when they came to us.
Mr. CHASE. 1 did not refer to the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Finance, most un-
doubtedly, because we a'l know the zeal, fidelity,
and energy with wh.ch he discharges every duty
devolved upon him; but the course of businesses
we know,etween the two Houses is such that
a'l appropriation bills originate in the House and
are not sent to us until a very late period of the
session, when it is almost impossible to act upon
them. The consequence has been that at every
sess on since I have been here—and this is the
fourth session that I have had the honor of occu-
py ins a seat on this floor—we have passed through
precisely such scenes as we are now witnessing.
We sit till late at night, and Senators become fa-
tigued, and then, as was most justly remarked by
one of the honorable Senators who spoke a mo-
ment since, those who have talked longer and
loudest go away and leave those who are willing
to work to sit here, and are forcing us to the
actual necessity of an adjournment, which I be-
lieve is now pressed upon us.
Mr. BRIGHT. I would suggest that it seems
to me the difficulty arises in part from the fact that
we have no rule which permits a Senator to lay an
amendment on the table without carrying the main
subject with it. If we hid a rule authorizing an
amendment to belaid on the table, which motion,
under every parliamentary usage, cannot be de-
bated, it would quiet debate, and dispose of many j
amendments that are offered.
Mr. MASON. Then we should be in this con-
dition: It has been very justly remarked by the
Sena'or from Ohio that the true difficulty arises
from the delay in reporting the appropriation bills,
not by the Committee on Finance, but in bringing
them to the Senate, so that we have but three or
four days to act upon them; but if the idea of the
Senator from Indiana were carried out, those who
are in the minority would not have the opportu-
nity of saying a word against the action of the ma-
jority.
Mr. GWIN. I wish, as we have nothing else
to do at this time, to let this fact be recorded: I
introduced a resolution at the beginning of the ses-
sion requiring the Committee on Finance to report
the appropriation bills, but I was frowned down.
If that resolution had been passed, we would have
gotten through with the appropriation bills long
ago. I wish to call attention to where the true
evil is.
Mr. DAWSON. I renew the motion to ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to know whether there
is not a quorum now in theChamber? On thelast
vote on the yeas and nays there were twenty-six
Senators present, and 1 have certainly seen three ,
come in since, and I believe therehave been more. ,
I suppose that, taking those who then voted, to-
gether with those who have since come in, there
is a quorum here. In ofderto ascertain that fact,
I move an adjournment, and on that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being ta-
ken, resulted—yeas 7, nays 21; as follows:
62
YEAS—Messrs. Chase, Dawson, Houston, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Rusk, Sprimnce, and Sumner—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, llayard, Borland. Bright, Brod-
head, Dodge of Iowa, Felch, Fish, Filzpatrick, Foot,
Geyer, Gnm, Hamlin, Hunter, James, Jones of Iowa,
Mason, Morton, Xorris, Walker, and Weller—21.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
quorum yet voting.
Mr. WELLER. I think we had better now
just lay down on our oars and sleep quietly in our
chairs until the Sergeant-nt-Arms returns.
Mr. CPIASE. I would ask whether there is
not any rule known to the proceedings of the Sen-
ate which will enable us to compel the attendance
of absent members.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The only rule
which refers to the subject the Chair will read. It
is the 8th rule, which is in these words:
'« No member shall ah.-unt himself from the service of the
Senate without leave of the Senate first obtained. And in
case a less number than a quorum of the Senate shall con-
vene, they are hereby authorized to send the Sergeant-at-
Arms, or any other person or person* by them authorized,
for any or all absent members, as the majority of such mem-
bers present >hall agree, at the expense of such absent mem-
bers respeeuvely, unless such excuse for non-attendance
Bhall be made as the Senate, when a quorum is convened,
shall judge sufficient, and in that case the expense shall be
paid out of the contingent fuud. And this rule shall apply
as well to the first convention of the Senate at the legal time
of meeting as to each day of the session alter the hour has
arrived to which the Senate stood adjourned."
It will be observed that the words of the rule do
not apply to any other case than the want of a
quorum at the meeting of the Senate; but in sev-
eral instances, since 1 have been a member of the
body, the Senate has acted upon it as it has been
acted upon to-night, and absent members have
been sent for.
Mr. CHASE. Do I understand the Chair as
holding that the Senate has power to compel the
attendance of absent members at this time ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that the Senate has the same right to
proceed now as it would have had at the hour of
meeting this morning if a quorum had not then
been present.
Mr. HAMLIN. Have we not under the Con-
stitution, independent of the rule, a right to com-
pel the attendance of absent members ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The provision
of the Constitution is, that a majority of each
House shall constitute a quorum to do business;
" but a smaller number may be authorized to com-
' pel the attendance of absent members, in such
' manner and under such penalties as each House
' may provide." So that it requires some rule to
be adopted in order to carry out that provision.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. It is now half-past one
o'clock, and 1 should like to know what practical
result can be obtained by sending to the lodgings
of some members of the body who reside remote
from the Capitol ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I presume the Sergeant-at-
Arms has gone up to the other end of the Avenue,
where, I have no doubt, he will find a large num-
ber of Senators.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. It is a violent presump-
tion to suppose that he has gone that distance, and
an equally violent one to presume that he will find
any Senators at this hour of the night or morning.
I have listened as patiently as any man on this
floor, and I think the Senate will do me the justice
to say, that I have consumed as little time as any
one here. I have sat patiently and learned from
grave Senators, and those who seemed to know
more of the deliberations of the body than myself.
I find, however, that many distinguished gentle-
men who have occupied the attention of the body
to a considerable extent, have gone away and left
those of us who are disposed to be quiet and work-
ing members to wait for their return, before we
can proeeed with business. It seems to me that
we can accomplish nothing practical by remaining
! here. It is now half-past one o'clock, and I think
i in duty to ourselves, and in view of the business
| ahead of us to-morrow, and to-morrow night, and
i the next day, and the next night, we ought to ad-
I journ and come here fresh to-morrow morning. I
I therefore move that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. WALKER. I shall vote for the adjourn-
ment because of the inefficiency of our rules to
compel the attendance of absent members.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. There is no rule to
compel their attendance, and it is useless to wait
for them.
Mr. WELLER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn in order that the Senate
may see who are here at this hour of night.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Brodhead, Chase,
Dawson, Fish, Fitzpatrick, Houston, Jones of Iowa, Rusk,
Spruance, Sumner, Walker, and Weller—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Bright, Dodge of Iowa, Foot,
Geyer, Gwin, Hamlin, Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, Ma-
son, Morton, and Noma—12.
So, attwenty-five minutes to two o'clock, a. m.,
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 1, 1853.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the motion made by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Briggs,] to suspend the rules for the
purpose of introducing the following resolution:
" Resolved, That the usual extra compensation be paid by
the Clerk, out of the contingent fund, to the employees in
and about the Capitol, embracing that description of per-
sons only who received it at the close of the last session of
Congress."
Mr. STANLY. I ask the gentleman from
New York to give way a moment to enableme to
ask the unanimous consent of the House to in-
troduce a resolution calling for some information,
to which there will be no objection. It is a mat-
ter in which I feel some interest, and I hope the
gentleman from New York will allow me.
Mr. BRIGGS. If no one else objects, I will
not.
Mr. STUART. I object; and I insist upon the
motion of the gentleman from New York being
put, so that we may go to the consideration of the
reciprocity bill, which is the regular order of busi-
ness.
Mr. BRAGG. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to call up Senate bill No. 639, to
{jrovide for administering the oath of office to Wil-
iam R. King, the Vice President elect. It is a
matter demanding; immediate action, and I hope
there will be no objection.
Mr. STUART. I object to it, and call for the
regular order of business.
LIEUTENANT FABIAS STANLY.
Mr. STANLY. I understand the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] now withdraws hi?
objection to my resolution. I now ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
transmit to the House of Representatives a copy of the rec-
ords and proceedings of the naval court-martial recently
held at Washington for the trial of Fabias Stanly, a lieu-
tenant in the Navy; together with o copy of any papers
filed in the Navy Department by the said Stanly relating to
said trial; and also a copy of any correspondence that may
have passed between the Secretary of the Navy and Lieu-
tenant Stanly, relating to his arrest and trial. If not trans-
mitted before the close of the session, the same to be re-
ceived by the Clerk of the House, and when received, that
the usual number be printed for the use of the House.
Mr. SWEETSER. I rise to a point of order.
There is a motion pending offered by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Bhiggs.]
Mr. STANLY. I do not move to suspend the
rules if objection is made, I merely ask the unan-
imous consent of the House.
I Mr. SWEETSER. Well, sir, I will not ob-
, ject if no one else does. .
i There was no objection, and the resolution was
F6C61V6d •
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the gentleman from
New York to allow me for a moment.
