978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. BRIGGS. I wili yield to the gentleman,
if there is no objection.
Mr. STUART. There is objection.
Mr. FLORENCE. I wish to appeal to the
sympathy of the House.
A Member. We have no sympathy.
[Loud cries of" Order!" and " Object!"]
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
Mr. BRIGGS. I now desire that a vote may
be taken upon my motion to suspend the rules,
to admit the resolution for extra compensation.
Mr. HALL. Upon that motion 1 demand the
yeas and navs.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I desire to say one word.
I hope the yeas and nays will be ordered upon
this motion, and give us an opportunity to record
our votes upon it.
[Cries of " Order!"]
The yeas and nays were ordered; and having
been taken, theresult was—yeas 110, nays 46; as
follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Abercrombie, John Appleton, William
Appleton. Ashe, Averett. Babcock, David J. Bailey,
Thomas If. Bayly, Barrere, Bartlett, Bell, Bennett, Bib-
lghaus, Bowie, Bownc, Jolln H. Boyd, Breckinridge,
Brenton, Briggs, George H. Brown, Burrows, Busbv, Jo-
seph Cable, Caldwell, Thompson Campbell, Caskie,
Chandler, Chapman, Cha«tain, Clark, Clemens, Cottman,
Darbv, George T. Davis, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dun
mick", Edgerton, Ewing, Fay. Fitch, Florence, Freeman,
Henry M. Fuller, Gavlord, Guiding Goodenow, Good-
rich, Gorman, Green,"Grey, Harper, Sampson VV. Harris,
Hart, Hendricks, Horsford, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas
Y. How, Ingersoll, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Kurtz, Jjandry. Little, Lockhart, Mace, McCorkle, Mc
Donald, Mc\air, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Murphy,
Muiray. Nabers, Andrew Parker, Penn, Penniman, Por-
ter, Powell, Price. Reed, Kiddle, Robbing, Robie, Robin-
son, Russell, Sabine, Sackett, Schermerhorn, Schoonma
ker, Scurry, Skelton, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, St. Martin, Stratton,
Smart, Sutherland, Sweetser, T.ivlor, Townshend. Walsh,
Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Wells, Addison White, and
Williams—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Beale, Bragg, Clingman, Cobb,
Conger, Cullotn, Daniel, Dean, Dockerv, Duncan, Dun-
ham, Eastman, Faulkner, Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Hill, Hamilton, Isham G. Harris, Henn, Hibbard, Hous-
ton, Hunter, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones,
George G. King, Preston King, Letcher, Mann, Martin,
Millson, Molony, Morehead, Orr, Outlaw, Samuel W.
Parker, Peaslee, Perkins, Smith, Benjamin Stanton,
Alexander H, Stephens, Toombs, Venable, Wallace, and
Woodward—46.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirmative)
the rules were suspended.
Mr. BRIGGS. I now offer the resolution, and
will say but one word in relation to it. This res-
olution is in continuance of a time-honored cus-
tom. It makes a provision for paying the extra
compensation to the employees about this House
and Capitol, which has been given to them at the
close of every session of Congress for many years. ,
It relates to a matter that is well understood, and
without consuming further time upon it, I call the
previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
I understand it to be a law of this House, and a
constitutional provision, that no money can be
taken out of the Treasury except in pursuance of
appropriations passed as a law by both Houses i
of Congress. Now, this subject was brought be- 1
We the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and by an express vote was stricken
out of the appropriation. That bill has now
passed \his House, and there is not a dollar ap-
propriated for the purpose of extra compensation;
not a farthin* either for this House or the Senate.
Mr. CAMPfiELL, of Illinois. I rise to a ques-
tion of order, Ilse gentleman from Alabama is
arguing his question of order—not stating it.
't ^°> s'r- J am only stating
Mr. CAMPBELL. W«ll, all I have to say is,
that it is a very labored statement.
Mr. HOUSTON. My point of order is, that,
while I acknowledge that there is a'contingent
fund out of which money may be paid for certain
purposes, yet it ia not in order to make appropri-
ations out of that fund when Congress has ex-
pressly refused to provide for that purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand that the gentle-
man shall state his point of order, and notarffue it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
resolution is in order. j
The previous question was then seconded, and I
the main question ordered to be put.
The question now being upon the adoption of
the resolution,
Mr. CLEVELAND demanded the yeas and
nay a.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and having
been taken, the result was—yeas 107, nays 57; as
follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, William Apple-
toil, Ashe, Averett, ltabcoek, David J. Bailey, Bauere,
Bartlett, Bell, Bibighaus. Bowie, John H. ISoyd, Breckin-
ridge, Brenton, Briggs, George H. Brown, Burrow*. Bu-by,
Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Thompson Campbell, Chandler,
Cha>tam, Clark, Clemens, Cottinan. Curtis, Darby, George
T. Davis, Dim mui, Dimnuek, Di^n^y, Dofy, hdiniimw>n,
Ewing, Kay, Florence, Freeman, llenry M. 1" idler, l«id-
dni'«, Goodenow, Goodrich, Gorman, Green, Harper,
Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Hendricks, Horslord, Thomas
M. Ilowe, Thomas Y. How, John Johnson, ltoberl W.
Johnson, J- Glancy Jones. Kuhiis, Kurt/., Landry, Little,
Lockhart, Mace, McCorkle, McDonald, McXatr, Henrv D.
Moore, John Moore, Murray, Nabers, Newton, Amiiew
Parker, Penn, I'cniiiiiiati, Polk, Porter, Powell, Price,
Rt'ed, Kiddle, Kobbins, Robie, Robinson, Russell, Sabine,
Sclieniierborn, Schoolcratt, Scliooninaker, Scurry, Snow,
; Stilnly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard 11. Stanton, Abra-
ham P. Stephens, Stone, St. Martin, Stratton, Strother,
j Stuart, Sutherland, Sweetser, Taylor, Towiishend, Walsh,
Ward, Watkms, Addison White, Williams, anil Wood-
ward—107.
NAVS—Messrs. Allison, Beale, Bragg, Cleveland,
Clmginan, Cobb, Cullom, Daniel, John G. Davis. Dean,
Docki'ry, Duncan, Dunham, Eastman, Floyd, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Grey, Grow, Hall, Hamilton, Ishaiu G. Harris,
Haven, Henn, Hibbard, Houston, Hunter, Jackson, Jenkins,
Andrew Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George \V'. Jones,
George G. King, Preston King, Letcher, Mann, Martin,
Me.Mulliii, McUueen, MilKon. Molony, Morehead, Orr,
Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker, 'Peaslee, Perkins, Phelps,
Origeii S. Seymour, Skelton, Stnnh, lienjaimn Stanton,
Alexander H. Stephens, Thurston,Toombs, Venable, Wal-
lace, and VVildriek—57.
So the resolution was adopted.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had disagreed
to the House amendment to Senate bill No. 586,
to extend preemption rights to unsurveyed lands,
and for other purposes.
Also, that the Senate had passed House bill No.
366, to authorize the Selectmen of the town of
Chelsea, in the State of Massachusetts, to lay out
and make a way on land of the United States, in
I said town.
Also, that the President had signed the follow-
ing Senate bills :
Senate bill, No. 125, An act for the relief of
Mary W. Thompson, and Mrs. Elizabeth V. Lo-
max, and Mrs. A. M. Dade; and
Senate bill, No. 242, An act to regulate the terms
of the district court of the United States for the
district of Iowa.]
Mr. BRIGGS. I rise to a question of privilege.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move that the House now
| proceed to the business upon the Speaker's table. ,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that
motion.
Mr. BRAGG. I rise to a question of privilege. 1
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is recognized as rising to a question of
privilege.
Mr. BRIGGS. I move that the vote just taken
for the extra compensation be reconsidered, and
that the motion to reconsider do lie upon the
table.
The question was taken on the latter motion;
and it was agreed to.
Mr. HALL. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
JVlr. STUART. I rise to a question of order.
PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS.
Mr. BRAGG. I rise to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama will state his question of privilege.
Mr. BRAGG. We have this morning received
a message from the Senate, informing the House
that that body has disagreed to the amendment
adopted by the House on yesterday to the bill
extending preemption rights to unsurveyed lands
and for other purposes. I move, sir, that this
House insist upon its amendment, and ask for a
committee of conference.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object to any
committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the gentleman from Alabama is not in order
in making his motion at this time.
Mr. HIBBARD. I now insist upon my mo-
il tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan rises to a question of order, a motion having
been submitted that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the slate of the
Union.
Mr. STUART. I yielded to this motion the
other day, as a matter of courtesy. The point of
order I make is, that the House having seconded
the previous question on the reciprocity bill, that
now, at the commencement of the morning hour,
that bill is the first question in order.
Mr. HI BBARD. Has the main question been
ordered to be put?
Mr. STUART. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. HIBBARD. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair as to a matter of fact.
Mr. STUART. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. HIBBARD. I claim the right to make the
inquiry.
RECIPROCITY BILL.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemen will resume
their seals. Neither of them have the right to
address the Chair upon the point of order raised,
and neither of them have a right to debate the
proposition.
The pending amendment in reference to the re-
ciprocity bill is, whether the main question shall
be now put. By the rules of the House, it is in
order, at any time, to move to suspend the rules
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
1 of the Union. The Chair would hold, if the main
| question had been ordered to be now put, that it
' would be inconsistent to move to go into the[Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union; but
the Qhair decides that the motion is in order, the
House having only seconded the motion for the
previous question.
The Chair would suggest that each proposition
could be determined quite as soon, perhaps, with-
out questions of order as with them. The Chair
1 does not, by any means, intend to rebuke gentle-
men by the remarks.
Mr. BELL. Is it in order to send bills to com-
mittees, as it is under the rule to send petitions?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. BELL. Then I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report and refer a bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made. The
: question is upon the motion that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. STUART. I.ask for tellers on that mo-
tion. "J.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bell and
Bocock appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
83 in the affirmative.
Mr. STUART. I demand the yeas and nays;
and upon that demand I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ingersoll
and Gaylord were appointed.
The House was divided, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 33, noes 104.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
1 The question was then taken and there were—
yeas 112, nays 63; as follows:
j YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Allison, Ashe, Averett,
Barrere, Bartlett, Beale, Bell, Bennett, Bibighaus, Rocoek,
Bragg, Brenton, Albert G. Biown,George H Brown. Bur-
rows, Caldwell, Thompson Campbell, Ca-kie, Chastain,
Churehwell, Clark, Clemens, Clingman, Cobb. Cohoik,
Cottman, Daniel, Darby, John G. Ilavis, Dawson, Diiii-
1 mick, Dockery, Dunham, Eastman, Edmiind-on, Evans,
, Ewing, Faulkner, Ficklin, Gavlord, Goodenow, Grey,
Grow, Hall, Hamilton. Isham G. Harris, Sampson VV.
Harris, Hascall, Haven, Hemlucks, llenn, Hibbard, Hol-
laday, Horstbrd, Houston, Thomas M. Howe, Hunter,
Jackson, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson. Georg*' W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kuhns, Landry, Letcher. Mace,
McCorkle, McNair, McQueen, Millson, Henry D. Moore,
John Moore, Murphy, Nabers. Orr, Outlaw, Andrew Par-
ker, Perkins, Plnlps, Polk. Porter, Powell, Reed, Kieh-
ardsotl, Robie, Rohinson. Sabine, Sackett, .Savage, School-
' cralt, Skelton, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton^ Richard
H. Stanton, Alexander II. Stephens, Tliaddeus Stevens,.
St. Martin, Stratton, Sutherland, Sweetser, Toombs. V en-
able, Wallace, Ward, Wa>hburn, Watkins, Wilcox, Wil-
drick. Williams, and Woodward—11*2.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, William Appleton, Bab-
cock, Thomas II. Bayly, Bowie, Bowne, John II. Bovd,-
Breckinridge, Brooks, E.Carrington Cabell, Joseph Cable,.
Chandler, Cleveland, Conger, Curtis. George T. D ims,
Dean, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Edgerton, Fav, Filch. Flor-
ence, Floyd, Henry M. Fuller, Giddings. Goodrich, Gor-
man, Green, Hart, Haws, Thomas Y. How, lnger-ollr
Ives, Jenkins, Daniel T. Jones, George G. King, I're-toit
, King, Kurtz, Little, Lockhart, Mann, Molony, Murrav,
Newton, Olds, Samuel VV. Parker, Penniman, Price. Riri-
die, Schermerborn, Schooomaker, Qrigea 8. Seymour,
