1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
979
Snow, Abraham P. Stephen*, Strothef, Stuart, Taylor,
Thurston, Townshend, Walsh, and Wells—63.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union,
(Mr. Harris.of Tennessee in the chair.)
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. At the last sitting the
committee had under consideration the Senate
amendments to the Army appropriation bill. The
question pending is on the second amendment.
The Chair ruled on yesterday that the Senate
amendments^ the first clause of the bill consti-
tuted one entire amendment, and as such, was in-
divisible; but upon an examination of the 53d
rule, the Chair entertains the" opinion that it is
divisible, and therefore directs the Clerk to read
the first clause of the Senate amendment.
The following amendment was then read: '
1^' For the defense of San Francisco, California, $500,-
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. When I addressed
the committee on yesterday upon the amendment
which I then offered, I confined my remarks to the
point involved in it. I did so in consequence of
the impression I then had that the general debate
was stopped and I was confined to a five minutes'
speech, and I do not know that, at this late period
of the session, when every moment is so valuable,
I should have gone further than I £id even if I had
not been under that mistake. But in the course
of debate, some remarks were afterwards made,
to which I desire to reply.
The gentleman from Ohio," [Mr. Cartter,]
particularly made two or three points, in reply to
which, I desire to say a word or two only, for the
time I have will not enable me to go into an elabo-
rate discussion.
First: the gentleman seems to suppose that the
introduction of steam in the propulsion of vessels,
and the telegraph, and the railroad, have dispensed
with the necessity of fortifications. Now, I mean,
in one or two common-sense remarks, to satisfy
men, who are not military men, that precisely the
reverse is the case. First, take the case of steam-
boats, which they say can run by these fortifica-
tions. The reply is, they cannot do so; and if
they could, not without being greatly disabled. J
These fortifications are designed in part as shel- |
ters in time of war for our shipping. *The intro-
duction of steam has increased the necessity for
that purpose for them. Take, for an illustration,
the Chesapeake: In the late war, a few British
ships and frigates commanded the whole Chesa-
peake. Nearly all communication by water was
cut off. Salt, in consequence, was very dear, and
was manufactured in my county from sea-water,
and was, to a large extent, carried in canoes,
which, by running along the shores, escaped 'the
British fleet and British tenders, which even our
small schooners could seldom do. It is true,
sometimes, with a fresh wind they could escape,
but it would have been impossible to have done
so had thejgBritish possessed steamboats, which
would have picked up these small sail vessels and
■ their cargoes, whenever they should dare to ven-
ture out from the coves and inlets of the bay. In-
deed, those vessels were sometimes captured in
our Jcreeks, which, at that |time, was their only
place of refuge. The introduction of steam, so
far from having diminished, has created an ad-
ditional necessity for harbors ef refuge for our
shipping.
The gentleman advanced another idea. He
says that by aid of our railroads and telegraph
lines we could, in the case of the approach of a
threatening force, bring to any one point a large
body of men, at very short notice, for our protec-
tion. Sir, telegraphs and railroads have increased,
and not diminished the efficiency and the value of
our fortifications, so far as our cities are concerned.
Let me put an illustration which will be under-
stood by everybody. When by the interposition
of a fort an army was compelled to land eigkt or
ten miles below a city, in old times, it did com-
paratively but little good; for even then, when the
landing was unexpected, they could overcome that
eight or ten miles before any essential succor could
arrive. But if they could bedelayed a short time
in that march by skirmishes, the aid of the tele-
graph and the railroad would enable us to bring a
force sufficient to meet and repel the invading foe.
But without fortifications to delay the approach
of an enemy, the telegraph and the railroad would
be comparatively useless. Take the case of this
city. What use would the railroad and telegraph
be as a means of defense if a steam fleet could
j ascend the Potomac without interruption, and give
I us the first notice of his approach by bombarding
| the town from Greenleaf's Point? They could
I destroy the town and clear out, get out of our
reach before succor could arrive, and we would not
have the poor satisfaction of expelling him, per-
, haps with loss.
| The CHAIRMAN. The hour at which debate
on this bill was to be closed has arrived, and the
only remarks in order hereafter, must be made
under the five-minutes rule.
Mr. BAYLY. I move to increase the appro-
priation for San Francisco one dollar.
The efficiency of fortifications is increased great-
ly in consequence of the rapidity with which a
force can be concentrated and got together by rail-
roads and by the aid of telegraphs 
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting ) Mr. Chair-
1 man, what is the amendment pending?
1 _ The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is speaking to an amendment offered by
j him.
Mr. BAYLY. I am endeavoring to show the
; necessity of fortifications, and my remarks are in
! order to the amendment which I have made to in-
crease the appropriation for San Francisco one
dollar. I repeat, the efficiency of fortifications in de-
laying an enemy, by forcing him to land below
a town, and marching up, instead of coming up,
without interruption, by steam, so far from being
superseded by the introduction of railroads and
telegraphs, has infinitely been increased by them.
Suppose, sir, that when the British landed here to
take this capital and burn it, we had had railroads
and telegraphs, and they had been compelled to
land some thirty or forty miles from this place.
Why, sir, the telegraph and the railroads, before
they could have reached this capital, would have
brought volunteers from Philadelphia, Baltimore,
and from many other points.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I rise to a
question of order. I would willingly see the gen-
tleman from Virginia indulged, but we are exceed-
ingly pressed for time, and I insist that the gentle-
man, having offered an amendment to increase the
appropriation one dollar, he shall confine his re-
marks to show that the one dollar is necessary.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that the
gentleman must confine his remarks to the neces-
sity of an increase of the appropriation.
Mr. BAYLY. I thought I was doing so. It
will increase the efficiency of the fortifications to
the extent of the increase of the appropriation,
and I want to show the necessity—as I think I am
showing—of these fortifications.
But there was another idea presented by the
fentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter.] He asks,
o you want fortifications to protect your Navy ?
Ana he seems to think it something unbecoming
to the Navy in any case to want protection. Was
there ever a case in the world, and will there ever
be a case in the world as long as commanders are
sensible, where a very greatly inferior force will
not seek for shelter from the attack of a greatly
superior one, when they have the opportunity to
attain it? Nay, even with equal forces, do not all
military men seek for advantages ? Did Welling-
ton, at Waterloo, think it was unbecoming Eng-
lish valor to lay down behind a hill and let his
troops be cannonaded for hours and hours ? He
lay there and received the comparatively harmless
fire of the French, and thereby gained great ad-
vantage in the battle in consequence. Was it un-
manly in Jackson, at New Orleans, to get behind
cotton bags, and by their assistance as much as
anything else*achieve his glorious victory? In
naval warfare, is it anything unmanly to have a
place of refuge to which you may retire when pur-
sued by a superior force; or a place from which to
sally when you have an opportunity of striking
an effective mow? I do not so understand mili-
tary science.
Besides, these fortifications are money-saving,
and, if I had the time, I could demonstrate it by
figures. Take such a fortification as Old Point,
which does not require one and one half per cent,
to keep it up, whilst it obviates, to a great extent,
the necessity for a large naval force. Take the
case of any of ourcitia# Without fortifications,
you would be compelled, for their protection, to
I have a fleet at each of them equal to an invading
I force. But with the aid of fortifications, a less
naval force will do.
The cost of keeping up a ship-of-the-line is very
great. Ordinarily they do not last, without very
great repairs, more than seven years. Indeed,
after they are that old, they require to be almost
rebuilt. Fortifications, with slight repairs, last
forever. One is permanent, the other is frail; one
does not decay, the other does; and one is more
efficient than the other for the protection of a town.
Besides, when you have proper fortifications, you
do not require in time of War so large a regularly-
trained army. Militia are not generally effective
in the field; but in a fortification, where they fight
under protection and cannot run, they do very
well. In an emergency, the neighborhood people
could, to a large extent, man your fortifications,
and thus become valuable auxiliaries to your army
in the field, and to your navy. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] says, Arm your com-
mercial marine, and let them protect themselves.
Arm merchant vessels—brigs and schooners—to
protect themselves against a British or French
fleet! Besides, it is against the policy of modern
times to arm private vesssels. The temptation to
them, who are under no control of responsible
officers, is too great to attack and plunder others
than the enemy. I regret 1 have not time to go
fully into this matter. I have only hit the salient
points.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BAYLY then, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to strike out all save
: one dollar; and I do so because I am opposed to
the system of legislation which has been adopted
in the other end of the Capitol, for the purpose of
carrying measures through this body. The gen-
tleman from Texas [Mr. Howard] on yesterday
stated a very good and substantial reason why the
appropriations for fortificationsought to be stricken
out of this bill, and that was, that these proposi-
tions could not stand on their own merits—that &
fortification bill introduced into this House could
not be passed through it, and that the only way
left, for the purpose of securing appropriations of
this sort, was by including them in other bills,
[ with which they had no legitimate connection.
The consequence will be, sir, if this principle be
j tolerated here, that we will, in all probability, find
in the appropriation bills, when sent back to us
by the other branch of Congress, various provis-
ions which have been voted down a^ain and again
j in this House, and which there is not the slightest
I possibility can be passed, if presented alone. The
Senate will resort to this means for the pur-
pose of giving them vitality and to secure their
adoption. I trust that the committee will make
the question here now, and that it will conform to
the rule already established, and rule out all prop-
ositions which are not legitimately and directly
connected with the bill itself.
There is another thing with reference to the
bill which ought to be looked to. Were esti-
mates furnished to the House for the precise items
embraced in it? Are the amounts proposed for
these several fortifications necessary in the estima-
tion of the proper Department of the Government ?
We heard of estimates on another occasion, but
when they were called for, they turned out to be
the estimates of particular individuals, and not
those of the particular Departments having charge
of the propositions.
Mr. BOWIE. If the'gentleman will refer to
the estimates sent here by the Secretary of the
Treasury this year, he will find estimates for the
six fortifications embraced in the amendment of
the Senate.
Mr. LETCHER. Is there any estimate for th«
fortification for San Francisco ?
Mr. BOWIE. I think there is.
Mr. LETCHER. What is it?
Mr. BOWIE. I cannot exactly remember it;
but there are estimates for all of them.
Mr. LETCHER. There it is. Here is a
proposition to expend $500,000, by way of begin-
ning, at San Francisco, and we are not told how
much it is thought the work will cost before it is
completed. What does the Secretary tell us we
are to appropriate before it is completed and made
available? Looking to the prices in that part ol_the
Union, it will cost from $5,000,000 to §10,000,000.
Yes, sir, we are now to start off with this appro-
