982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
try hnil waited to achieve their independence of
Great nntnin until it could be done in regular
order, we should have been under a monarchical
government at this day; and it' we wait to make
appropriations for the defense of California until
it can be dune in the regular order of doing busi-
ness in this House, California will be taken by
Shanghai or Hons Kong, or some other outlandish
city in that region of the world. The people of
China could coine across now and take the city.
Why, sir, there are nearly Chinese enough at
work in San Francisco now, with a little aid from
their own country, to take California and make
it a Chinese province.
Sir, it is perfictly as'ounding to me how this
House will stand still and see millions of property,
and ths lives of hundreds of thousands of Amer-
ican citizens, periled on the Pacific coast, and re-
fuse to vole a dollar of appropriation for the de-
fence of that poition of the Union. And when
we propose to mount a few guns at the city of San
Fraur^co for the defence of American liberty—
not frr t.'ie defense of San Francisco only—we find
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,]
who seems to be acting the part of Shylock here,
claiming Ins particular pound of flesh, because, I
suppose, he thinks that Old Virginia is not exactly
interested in this matter. But he is mistaken.
Virginia is interested in this matter. The honor
of the whole country is involved in it. The lib-
erties of the country are at stake. We have placed
so much reliance upon the volunteer forces of this
country since the war with Mexico, that gentle-
men in this Hall seem to think that our people,
unaided by fortifications, unaided by war-ships,
unaided by arms, can rise and with their fists resist
any attack that may be made upon them by a for
eign foe. Wehave evinced a spirit of hardihood,
carelessness, and indifference to the commerce of
the country, and the livesof ourmen, women,and
children, which no nation on the face of the earth
ever exhibited before. I ask this House when,
in the history of the civilized or barbarian world,
there has been an instance where  
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I rise to a question
of order. I submit that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York is not in order, for the rea-
son that it is not pertinent to the Senate amend-
ment. It may be that the House is willing to
appropriate a certain amount of money for the
defense of New York, but if the amendment is ad-
mitted heie, the committee must vote this precise
sum, and can have no opportunity of amending it
in any way. This difficulty arises from the fact
that an amendment, not pertinent to the one under
consideration, hi.s been received by the Chair. I
think the amendment is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
amendment is in order, if the works for which it
provides are authorized by existing law. The
Chair is nut ad vised as to that fact, but is disposed i
to overrule the point of order.
Mr CABELL. J would suggest to the gentle- j
man from New York to withdraw his amend- I
mens.
Mr. BOWNE. I withdraw it for the present.
Mr. TAYLOR. I move pro forma to amend
the Senate amendment by increasing the appro-
priation firry /lohais; and I do it for the purpose
of appealing to the committee to forbear unneces-
sary debate, and to express the opinion to the
commitiee and to the country, that if gentlemen
will observe that kindness towards each other
which I think usually marks the course of the
members of this House, we can pass upon every
amendment to tins bill, and to the other appro-
priation hills, pass every bill upon the Speaker's
table, and do something for the credit of the
1 hiity-nerond Congress. For one, I am ready to
vote upon every amendment without further dis-
cussion.
Mr. !>A\ L\, of Virginia. 1 am opposed to
mcivasMir tins appropriation, and I want to say
another word or t vo with respect to the argument
made use of by the geinieman from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] as to the irregularity of this mode of
appropriation. When I spoke before, I said that
the report upon this subject which was made by
the Committee on Ways and Means at the last!
session, was not a fortification bill, but an anti-
fortification bill. I have that bill in my hand.
Mr. SKELTON. 1 rise to a question of order;
and I do it lor the purpose of facilitating the busi-
| ness of the House. The rule requires gentlemen
, to confine their remarks entirely to the amendment
under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that un-
der the rule, a member must confine his remarks
to an explanation of his amendment, or when
opposing an amendment, to arguments against
the adoption of that amendment.
Mr. BAYLY. That is, no doubt, true. I ac-
quiesce in the decision of the Chair, with pleas-
ure; but when arguments have been advanced by
a member in support of an amendment, they may
be answered by a member opposing it.
I This bill, to which I have referred, was reported
' on the 17th of August, only thirteen days before
the adjournment of Congress, leaving out the
Sundays, and every gentleman here knows how
impossible it is to get up such a bill in the last hours
of the session. What was that bill? Itcontained
an appropriation of §134,000. For what? For
continuing such important fortifications as the
Tortugas, Pea Patch Island, or Sollers's Point?
No, sir; from the beginning to the end it is " for
repairs," "for repairs," "for repairs." And
what is the amount? It is exactly one and one
third per cent, on the whole cost of these fortifi-
cations, which have cost upwards of $,30,000,000.
Sir, I want to make no point with the Committee
on Ways and Means. I know their difficulties
and the responsibility which rests upon them.
But when I do state facts in this House, I have
some pride in my accuracy, and I have here the
bill appropriating §134,000 in all for the repair of
some four or five fortifications. 1 repeat, that so
far from being a fortification bill, it is an anti-forti-
fication bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman says that he
desires to be accurate in his facts. I also desire
that he should be so. Iam not imputing motives
to him or finding fault with him for making a mis-
take, but he certainly did it. But I do not sup-
pose he convinced this House, and certainly he
did not if the facts are generally known. The
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] I
presume, can tell the House why I happened to
report the bill even then.
Mr. ORR. I will say to the honorable gentle-
man, that if I had been in my seat, it would not
have been reported at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. My friend from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens,] and others, in pursuing a course
of policy which I presume was prompted by a
sense of duty, kept that report back for a month
or six weeks, at least.
A Member. From the last of June.
Mr. HOUSTON. A gentleman near me says
from the last of June. Then why does my friend
from Virginia, who is always presumed to be in
his seat, who is always attending to the business
of the House, and who is presumed to have a
knowledge of all that is going on, not happen to
recollect that these objections were interposed to
prevent my making this report until the day upon
which it was made?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TAYLOR. I desire to withdraw my
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It can be done by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
The question was then taken, and Mr. Tay-
lor's amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SACKETT. I propose to reduce this ap-
propriation $1,000.
Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to this amend-
ment as proposed by the Senate; but if it is to
be passed at all, I am in favor of its reduction,
and therefore I am in order in speaking against
the general amendment. I am opposed to the
whole amendment of the Senate, among many
other reasons from the fact that we have not had
the action of the committees of this House upon
it. Where is our Committee on Military Affairs?
Where is our Committee on Ways and Means?
Where is the responsible officer of the Govern-
ment, who has said this appropriation is neces-
sary ? Where are the surveys? Where is the evi-
dence? I want to know if any gentleman in the
House can tell me, where is the evidence that
$500,000 are necessary for this item of expendi-
ture ? From the best information I can gather, I
cannot ascertain that such is the fact. Now, I
ask again, who can give me the evidence that
$500,000 are necessary? Is there evidence of the
particular locality or the ultimate cost of the
work, or of the amount of money which can be
properly expended during the current year? Not
a word. We are acting perfectly at random, and
we might as well appropriate §100,000 or £,200,000,
or $50,000, for any knowledge we have upon the
subject. Shall we be prepared to lay out this sum
in this year, or the next, or in the next ten?
we do not know which. This amendment now
j comes in here near the close of the session, when
this House is not prepared to act upon it except
in the dark, and cannot be prepared to act upon
it otherwise before the close of the session, be-
cause it has no facts and no evidence before it.
Now I do not say, by any means, that I am op-
posed to the defense of our coast upon the Pacific
at a proper time, and under proper circumstances;
but when it costs five dollars upon that coast to do
the work which could be done for one upon the
Atlantic coast, I say it is extravagance; it is squan-
dering. It is an alarming disregard of the inter-
ests of the nation to lay out §500,000 of the pub-
lic money, under circumstances like these. Gen-
tlemen talk about the dangers to our commerce
upon the Pacific coast. Why, sir, we can reach
that coast in thirty days, and even now we have
a larger effective force upon that coast than all the
combined nations of the world. We have more
steamers, and, with the merchant vessels which
may be fitted out for our defense, I say, again,
that we can command, in thirty days, a larger
maritime force upon the Pacific than all the world
besides.
But gentlemen talk about the increasing danger
upon that coast, and the increasing necessity there
is for us to provide against it. Now, I undertake
to say that the contrary is the fact; that our dan-
ger diminishes as our power increases upon that
coast. We have had additional steamers going
there every month, and they are increasing from
year to year.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentlemen upon my right; but I desire
to say that I concur fully in the remarks made by
! the gentleman from Georgia, that these appropri-
ations ought not to be in this bill; and I am willing
to vote to strike them out, or to vote against con-
I curring therein. But I desire that we should have
a test question upon them as soon as possible.
Let us determine by the vote of the committee
upon this first section, whether we will sanction
these appropriations for fortifications. If a ma-
jority are in favor of concurring in this clause,
then let us pass the others, and let those of us
who are in the minority acquiesce in them. But
if we are to vote for these appropriations at all, I
think my friend from New York is wrong in say-
ing that we should not vote for this. I think San
Francisco is the point above all others which
should be fortified. I do not concur with that gen-
! tleman at all in saying that we have any means of
protecting our commerce in the event of a war
upon the Pacific. If we should have a war there,
of course our vessels must at once leave that ocean.
There is no force there which can convoy or pro-
tect our thousands of merchant vessels. There is
no place there where they would be safe. There
is not a single harbor of refuge upon the whole
: Pacific coast where they could be protected. It
is absolutely necessary, therefore, unless we in-
tend to sacrifice an immense amount of private as
1 well as public property, that we should provide
some harbor where these vessels can run in and be
| safe under the guns of a fort. I am therefore
; willing to vote a liberal appropriation for San
Francisco, and I will vote for it in a proper bill,
1 but I will not vote for it here.
My request, therefore, is, that those who are
opposed to the appropriation in this bill allow
us to take a vole which shall determine the ques-
tion of whether we will concur in these amend-
I ments for fortifications or not. If the majority
! say ay, then I for one will acquiesce, and let
! them remain; and if the majority say no, then I
1 hope the friends of the amendments will also ac-
quiesce. But I am opposed to the amendment of
the gentleman from New York, because if we are
to vote anything to construct this work we should
vote the sum named in the Senate amendment.
Mr. SACKETT, by unanimous consent, then
j withdrew his amendment.
Mr. HIBBARD. For the purpose of termin-
I ating the debate upon this section, I propose to
