984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
country. If that is so, there can be no two opin-
ions among those who have looked into the sub-
ject—and certainly those who have cities in their
own Stales, upon the sea-board, or navigable
rivers, must have examined the matter—aa to
what are the proper points of defense, and what
are necessary to be defended. The appropriations
in these amendments have been confined to a few
important points—points subject to attack and
necessary to be defended.
These are the questions: first, whether any de-
fences are necessary; and that being decided in
the affirmative, whether these are the properones;
and we can decide them now, without debate, as
well as we can after debate of hours. These are
questions upon which every one is presumed to
have knowledge, and it seems to me that discus-
sion cannot enlighten any one. 1 trust that we
may be permitted to take a vote upon these ques-
tions without further debate.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Maine.
1 design to speak in reference to the positions
which have been assumed by other gentlemen in
this debate, and more particularly those of the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] I will
say to that gentleman, and to the House, that I
agree with him fully in regard to his sentiments
as to attaching these amendments to this bill. I
condemn as heartily as he does the practice that
has obtained of putting upon general appropria-
tion bills, bills for the relief of individuals, and
measures having no pertinency whatever to the
subject-matter of the appropriation; but it seems
to me that this matter of fortifications belongs pe-
culiarly to the army bill. I do not understand
why it is not in order there; and if an appropria-
tion for fortifications can be put upon this bill, as
well as be contained in a general fortification bill,
I do not understand the necessity of having any
such general fortification bill; and I think that the
House should not consider whether there is a pro-
priety in these distinct items of appropriation to
this bill.
I am not prepared to say whether this item of
$500,000 is the precise amount which ought to be
appropriated to San Francisco. But there are
other items in the bill in which I feel a particular
interest. This subject of fortifications has been
discussed for days and weeks and months, and is
fully understood by the House, and the House is
qualified to act intelligently now; and that five
minutes' debate which is allowed is amply suffi-
cient to do justice to the Governmentand to those
particularly interested in these fortifications.
Therefore, it seems to me that the objection urged
by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,]
that the time limited for debating these matters
iB not sufficient, does not apply to this subject of
fortifications.
I did not know whether an opportunity would
be afforded me to speak in reference to a fortifica-
tion which lies within my own State. I could not
say what I desired in five minutes, and in order
to remove the objections of the gentleman from
Georgia and others, I availed myself of an early
occasion, when the President's message was under
consideration, to present the facts and statistics
which were necessary to enable the House to ar-
rive at an intelligent conclusion in reference to the
fortifications at Tortugas. Therefore, so far as
that point is concerned, it is not liable to the ob-
jection which has been made to these other appro-
priations.
I will also say to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cartter,] that it is not liable to the objections
•which he makes to these fortifications, and m his
views generally I coincide. But the strong arms
and bold hearts of hiB constituents, who are ready
at any moment to rush to the defense of the coun-
try, cannot by railroad, or by any other means,
reach these points out in the sea—these little isl-
ands situated in the pass between Cuba and Flor-
ida, which command the coasting-trade of the
Gulf of Mexico. The trade of California, Mex-
ico, and the Pacific, the amount of which cannot
be estimated when a railroad'or canal shall have
been constructed across the iBthmus of Tehuante-
pec, must eventually pass by that point. That
trade may be cut off and exposed to the depreda-
tions of any enemy unless this fort is built and
kept in repair.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. WASHBURN. If there is no objection,
I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I propose, as
an amendment, to add $1,000 to the sum.
In listening, Mr. Chairman, to the tone of the
argument upon the propositions now before the
committee, I am at a loss to understand whether
the gentlemen who oppose this particular appro-
priation, opposed it because they are opposed to
the whole system of fortifications, or because they
are opposed to this particular appropriation. Now,
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] op-
poses it because there is not time to discuss it, and
because it has been brought before this committee
in what he supposes to be an irregular and im-
proper manner. At the same time, the gentleman
discloses the fact, that this whole question has been
discussed before this House and the country for
the last three years. Then, if it is upon the prin-
ciple that he is opposed to all appropriations of
this kind that he desires to strike a blow at the
whole system of fortifications, the question is suf-
ficiently understood, and it is not brought before
this House, for its consideration, in a hasty and
improper manner.
But the gentleman says that this amendment
asks too much for that distant region of country.
There is the Pacific railroad, there are wa;on-
roads, and there are appropriations for a steam-
navy in the bill. Does the gentleman propose to
sustain any single one of these amendments? If
he has done so, I have misunderstood him.
The argument of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is, "Give us a steam navy, and we do not
want your fortifications." It was only yesterday
that they voted down the steam navy proposed
for the protection of that region of country. They
voted down the railroad, which is the best guar-
antee of protection, and they voted down the
proposition to make the dry-dock at California
even useful. They took away the very means of
repairing the steam navy they now desire for the
protection of the whole Pacific coast. What is it
they are willing to vote for? Nothing! Not a
single proposition brought before this House for
anything intended for the benefit or protection of
that distant region of country, meets with their
approbation. They are continually referring to
what is asked for, but never to what is granted.
They use the argument of asking for reasonable
appropriations as a reason why nothing should be
granted. Now, if there are to be any appropri-
ations for fortifications, if the whole system is not
to be stricken down, I submit to the understand-
ing of this committee whether that is not a point
calling more loudly for protection than any other
in the whole country?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SWEETSER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, for the pur-
pose of adding my testimony, with that of other
western men, in favor of making some appropri-
ation for the distant State of California. And, in
order that I may be understood, I desire to call
the attention of the committee to the reasons which
induced the Thirty-first Congress to reject the ap-
propriations for fortifications on the sea-board.
The fortification bill was not defeated then because
the House intended to manifest opposition to all
fortifications. I voted with the majority to reject
it, but I declared at the time, what I now affirm,
that I am opposed to any and all new works, but
am in favor of finishing thosealready commenced,
and will vote appropriations that may be neces-
sary for keeping in repair those fortifications which
are necessary to be maintained upon the Atlantic
coast, avoiding all extravagance in the ornamental
arrangements. We voted down the fortification
bill because it proposed the extension of the sys-
tem almost indefinitely. It was intended to inti-
mate very clearly to the Executive branch of the
Government, that the House of Representatives
did not approve the extravagance of their esti-
mates. But, sir, the question in relation to Cali-
fornia is an entirely different one. There are no
fortifications on the Pacific coast for the defense of
the vast amount of shipping concentrated there.
Sir, the city of San Francisco could be laid in ruins
by a "single frigate without being able to make
any defense. It must be obvious that the means
of defense which this amendment proposes is
needed for the commerce of the world which is
concentrated on the Pacific coast.
In sustaining the amendment, we are not voting
for the State of California alone. If the opponents
of this appropriation will pause and reflect but a
moment, they will see that these appropriations
are asked for the purpose of protecting, not only
the commerce of California, but the commerce of
the whole Atlantic coast. Although I reside in an
interior State that has no commerce there, I can ap-
preciate the wants of that people. Though I can-
not support large appropriations for the extension
of the system of fortifications on the Atlantic sea-
coast, my voice shall be raised, and my vote given
in favor of all necessary appropriations for the
protection and defense of the commercial interests
of California. Gentlemen should remember, that
in case of difficulty with any of the nations of the
earth, California, from its defenseless and exposed
condition, would be the first point of attack; and
that we have no fortification there for her defense.
It seems to me that the reasons operating to the
defeat of the fortification bill of the Thirty-first
Congress have no force here; and, as a western
man, I am prepared to vote all the money that may
be necessary to place the harbors and coast of the
Pacific in a good condition of defense.
I will say to my friends that I will go with them
for every reasonable appropriation needed by the
commerce of that distant and exposed coast. 1
beg those gentlemen who opposed the fortification
bill of the Thirty-first Congress to acknowledge
the distinction now made. 1 will go with the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] for completing
the works already begun, and to grant those com-
pleted the appropriations necessary to give them
the efficiency demanded by the wants of the coun-
try. I desire to see this House, in its action upon
the subject of fortifications, pursue a uniform
course, making, at all times, the distinction be-
tween necessary appropriations and those that are
intended for ornament and convenience by com-
manding officers. I am aware that there has been
great abuses in the erection of splendid residences
for officers, and in ornamenting the grounds about
these fortifications. I am utterly opposed to all
that class of appropriations
Yet we must be careful in the reformation of
abuses, not to cripple a system that is demanded
by prudence and experience.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ORR. I move that the committee do now
rise with a view of terminating the five-minutes
debate on this particular amendment of the Senate.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to; there being on a division—ayes 7S,noes
not counted.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Harris of Tennessee) reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
had the state of the Union generally under consid-
eration, and particularly the amendments of the
Senate to the Army appropriation bill, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. ORR. I move to close the five-minutes
debate on the amendment of the Senate that we
havejust been considering in the Committee of the
Whole; and on that motion call for the previous
question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The motion of
the gentleman is not in order.
Mr. ORR. I will make it in order by moving
the suspension of the rules for its introduction.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I rise to a point of
order. You cannot suspend debate on an isolated
proposition without suspending it on the whole
bill. You cannot select one clause and stop debate
on it.
Mr. ORR. There was an exception which hap-
pened some three years ago. The gentleman from
Virginia will remember that the House then
stopped debate on the civil and diplomatic, or
some of the other appropriation bills, with the posi-
tive exception of the claim of Mr. Ritchie.
Mr. BAYLY. I recollect it very well.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the House
to suspend any one of its rules by a majority of
two thirds.
Mr. ORR. Does the Chair decide that I must
suspend the rules for the introduction of my mo-
tion r
