1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
985
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that a mo-
tion may be submitted to-day for the suspension
of any one of the rules.
Mr. STEPHENS. If the gentleman moves to
suspend the rules, I have nothing to say.
The question was then taken, and the rules were
suspended—two thirds voting in the affirmative.
Mr. ORR. I move to close the five minutes de-
bate on the amendment of the Senate, which the
Committee of the Whole was last considering;
and on that I demand the previous question.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
Mr. ORR. I more to reconsider the vote just
taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from South Carolina moved to close debate on all
of the amendments of the Senate applicable to for-
tifications.
(Cries of "No ! only one!"l
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's motion was
to close debate on the particular item with refer-
ence to a fortification at San Francisco.
Mr. NABERS. The gentleman moved to close
debate on the particular section alluded to, and no
other.
Mr. HART. The question is now, 1 believe,
on the motion to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table, and I demand that it shall be put.
Mr. ORR. When the question was taken I
was engaged in reducing my motion to writing,
and I would ask the Chair what precise question
was put to the House.'
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated the ques-
tion to be on closing debate in the Committee of
the Whole on the following item:
" For defense of San Francisco, California, $500,000."
That is the only matter embraced in the vote of
the House.
Mr. ORR. I move, by unanimous consent, that
the following resolution be adopted, instead of the
one voted on:
Rttoltei, That the five-minutes debate in the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, on the Senate
amendment to the military appropriation Nil, which amend-
ment embraces the subject of fortifications, be suspended.
It is due to myself to state to the House, that
on yesterday evening the chairman of the Com-
mittee of the Whole announced that all of these
items for fortifications were but one single amend-
ment, and that such was my understanding when
I moved that the committee rise, with a view to
the termination of the five-minutes debate. I de-
sire to be informed whether they are one amend-
ment, or whether each item is a separate amend-
ment?
Mr. NABERS. It was decided that the ques-
tion was divisible.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the Chair
that they are reported from the Senate as distinct
amendments.
Mr. ORR. I hope the House will indulge me
for a moment, while I explain to the House the
motion I intended to submit. I do not desire to
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Harris of Ten-
nessee in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the Army bill.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Campbell, of Illinois; and it was
decided in the negative.
The question then recurring upon the Senate
amendment appropriating $500,000 for the defense
of San Francisco, California, tellers were demand-
ed and ordered; and Messrs. McMullin and
Hendricks were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported that there were—ayes 66, noes 71.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The next amendment of the Senate was then
read, its follows:
" For continuing the defenses of the following forts:
" Florida—Fort Jefferson, at Garden Keys, or Tortugas
Island, $100,000."
Mr. GORMAN. I move to increase the appro-
priation $1,000. I do so for the purpose of say-
ing that the Committee on Military Affairs have
had the subject of fortifications at that island un-
der consideration to some extent, and I have my-
self given it more attention than any other fortifi-
cation in the United States, combined with that at
San Francisco, California. It is really necessary
that we should defend that point. 1 cannot tell
precisely how much money has been expended
there. That wo rk has been commenced, and some
$100,000 or $200,000 have been expended. Every
gentleman who will look at that fortification will
see that it commands the entrance to Havana—
that it is the key to those waters. Any gentle-
man who will look at that fortification in a military
point of view, will see that it is of more impor-
tance, in the present state of our national affairs
and foreign relations, than any other fortifica-
tion in the country. In the remote possibility of
a war or conflict with the Spanish authorities,
it is of more necessity to the Government than
all the others for which appropriations are made
in this bill or which the Senate have considered.
There is no doubt that this House, when thev
come to vote on the yeas and nays upon that Cal-
ifornia proposition will also vote for this appro-
priation. The city of San Francisco might be re-
duced to ashes by a Chinese junk, as was remarked
by the gentleman from California.
Allow me to say thatat the preceding Congress,
and the last session, I took a very decided stand
against the fortification bill, and I contributed my
vote to defeat it. I am glad it was defeated. But
there are some positions in the Government to
otherwise appropriated, the whole or any portion thereof
to be expended at the discretion and under the direction of
the President of the United States, if in his opinion an ex-
igency shall arise, prior to the first Monday of December
next, requiring the expenditure of the whole or any portion
of said appropriation.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order—that the amendment is not germane to
the proposition before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Virginia, and decides that the amendment is not
in order.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I propose to in-
crease the appropriation $50,000. I offer the
amendment with no expectation that the commit-
tee will adopt it. It is the amount recently asked
for by the Department. But I am satisfied to take
the appropriation of $100,000 as it comes from
the Senate. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] objects that this amount is larger than
the estimate for this object in the regular printed
estimates. 1 will tell him how and why thiscame
to be. The subject of fortification at the Tortugas
has assumed such an interesting shape since the
difficulties which at one time seemed so likely to
occur between this Government and Spain, that
public attention has been specially directed to it,
and the Senate recently passed a resolution of in-
quiry, submitted to the War Department in refer-
ence to this particular point, asking what that
Department deemed necessary to a speedy com-
pletion of the works at Tortugas. The Secretary
of War asked for $150,000; which sum he said
could be expended advantageously within theyear.
The Senate have, however, proposed to appro-
priate but $100,000, and lam willing to let itstand.
Now, it seems to me that there is a duty devolved
I upon this House, in view of the uncertainty of
I relations which exist between our country and
; foreign Governments, that the two important points
! of Key West and Tortugas should be well forti-
i fied.
1 appeal'to gentlemen from the western coun-
j try, and ask them in what condition the commerce
I of that country which floats down the Mississippi
I river will be, if something is notdoneforitsprotec-
! tion at this narrow pass between Florida and the
j Island of Cuba? TheTortugas.iu the hands of any
! naval power, will control the entire commerce pass-
1 ing through the Florida straits. Every vessel that
| passes out of the Gulf ofMexico must necessarily
; pass, from the force of the current, &c., within
i sight of the island of Tortugas. This is'and is so
i situated, as the gentleman fromlndiana [Mr. Gor-
' man] has stated, as to command the Havana
which members of this House, before going home, , j " p0^erinthe possession oftheTortu-
should give some means of defense, and the only j „ nll,r wi'tVi in inferior naval force.
two points where I think it is necessary that ap-
: propriations should be made, are Tortugas and
| Sail Francisco. A piratical crew might go into
| **!■" Francisco and burn down that city for the
I aakfe of plunder, without any means of defense
i i against such attacks. Such a calarfnty would be a
i national disgrace. The system of fortifications
throughout the United States is nearly completed.
I am for continuing those which are nearly com- }
be ehaiged or suspected of any bad faith towards pieted, and I am against making appropriations
the House. Many gentlemen around me, as I for any new ones until there are thorough and
■ 1      ♦- efficient surveys. But I am for making an appro-
priation for the defense of San Francisco, because
'    — at/tOTna flint niir pnmmprr.ml
understand, who voted with me that the commit-
tee should rise, voted with the understanding that
debate was to be closed alone upon the San Fran-
cisco amendment. That was not my understanding
at the time, buttheHouse can relieve itself from the
difficulty by going into committee again, and if
gentlemen choose to close debate on the subsequent
sections of the bill, they can do so; and therefore
I will let my proposition embrace nothing but the
San Francisco amendment; and upon that motion
1 move the previous question.
The SPEAKER. That has already been adopt-
ed by the House.
Mr. ORR. I move that the rules of the House
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. ,
Mr. WALSH. Would it not be in order to j
suspend another rule, so that the gentleman from |j
North Carolina might introduce the resolution he ;
intended to offer ? I
The SPEAKER. There is a proposition to go ]
into the Committee of the "Whole on the state of \
the Union, which must be first put. |
The question was then taken, and it was decided i
in the affirmative. .... , 1
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
it is necessary m storms that our commercial
marine should run into that harber. Supposing
we wereat war with any foreign Power, it would
be necessary to protect our commercial marine for
the time being, by giving them an opportunity to
run under cover of guns there. In the event of
such a war, unless we had a fortification at that
point, every American vessel on the Pacific side
might be destroyed or captured before we knew
it, because every gentleman who knows anything
about the operations of military affairs in modern
times, knows full well that the foreign policy now
is to strike and then declare war.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Gorman s
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. DEAN. I offer the following amendment;
Whereas the recent illegal action of the Spanish author-
ities at Havana, in refusing to admit an American mail-
steamer to land, and in searching the United States mails,
renders it probable that it may be necessary for the Amer-
ican Government to take active and efficient measures to
defend the rights of its citizens, and enforce an observance
on the oart or Spain of the treaties now existing between
the two nations: Therefore, the sum of $5,000,000 is here-
by appropriated, out of any moneys In the Treasury not
gas would effectually, with an inferior naval force,
blockade the Havana and defy the famous Moro
Castle. I repeat what I said in an elaborate speech
at the beginning of this session, on the authority
of Lieatenant Maury and others, that General
Jackson> soori aft«r he was elected President of the
United States, was so impressed with th« import-
ance and necessity of fortifying this point, that he
declared in his peculiar way, that " by the Eter-
nal," so soon as he entered upon the discharge of
the duties of the Executive, there were three things
he would accomplish. One was, to pay off the na-
tional debt, which was done; the second was, to
destroy the monster the Bank of the United States,
which was done most effectually; and the third
was, to fortify the Tbrlvgas. I appeal to Congress
to do that which thfi old warrior patriot 
[Here the hammer fell.] . .
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Chairman, it is an un-
propitious time to discuss this question. In former
Congresses, when we were not hurried for time,
the whole question has been deliberately discussed,
and each appropriation called for, has been care-
fully and cautiously investigated. But now, within
a few hours of the close of the session, a proposi-
tion is pressed upon us for the expenditure of
$1,250,000 upon fortifications, and we are called
upon to pass it. Three years ago,after six yeart
annual discussion, we laid aside this system _oi-
fortifications, and we have ad hered to that decision
ever since. And now the Senate wants to com-
pel us to reconsider that decision and retrace our
steps, under this suppression—under a threat.that
we shall lose this bill or adopt their system. o r,
it is due to ourselves that we should maintaan on
consistency and reject ^ese appropnaUons for
fortifications.! [Gentlemen will.observe that a few
moments ago/this policy was. advocated on the
