986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March T«
ground thnt it was for the purpose of defense; now
it is for assault! I suppose that we are called
Upon to fortify the Tortngas, to defend ourselves.
Mr. CABELL. I stated that it was to defend
Ourselves and our own commerce.
Mr. G1DDINGS. The gentleman argued the
question both ways. Now, there can be no ques-
tion about it, that this system of fortifications is an
antiquated system. Ge tlemen talk about danger
Why, who are you afraid op Sir, in 1812, we had
in the Northwest a fort and a standing army in it,
and both were taken by the enemy. That whole
country was thrown for defense upon the right arm
of the militia, and they defended it. They defeat-
ed the enemy; they regained the fort; they invaded
the enemy's country, and conquered it. Talk
about fortifications ! It seems to me—-and I mean
no offense—to be absolutely cowardly to talk about
danger I represent the Queen City of the Lakes,
and for ten years 1 have resisted any appropria-
tion for fortifications upon thnt frontier. There
that city is, with all her millions of commerce,
and not a man in that district would be willing to
see a dollar of public money expended in fortifying
her. Sir, the right arms of her people will defend
her. "VVe bid defiance to the world in arms.
Sir, it appears to me, as I before remarked, and
I only rose for the purpose of saying it, that this
is an unpropilious period for the discussion of this
great question. We have heretofore decided it,
and, in my opinion, we ought to adhere to that
decision.
Mr. CABELL. I call for tellers upon my
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Edmcndson
and Jackson were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 33.
A further count was not insisted on.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HART. I move to amend the Senate
amendment by adding thereto the following:
For repairs of Fort Schuyler, .©15,000.
For repairs of Fort Columbus and Castle Williams,
$4,50 I.
For repairs of Fort Wood, and sea-wall, permanent
wharf, and hospital, Bedlow's Island, New York, $20,000.
I will state to the committee that those appro-
priations are in accordance with the estimates of
the Ordnance Department, and I ask to have read
an extract from a communication from the Secre-
tary of War upon the subject of fortifications.
The Clerk read the extract as follows:
"New York Harbor—The objects of the projected
works for the security of New York, are to cover the city
from an attack by land or sea; to protect its numerous
shipping; to prevent, as far as possible, the blockade of
this great port; and to cover the interior communication
uniting this harbor with the Delaware.
" There are two avenues to the city, namely : one by the
main channel, direct from sea, and one by tile Sound.
" The projected system of defense closes this last avenne
at the greatest distance possible from the city, namely, at
Throg-s Pinnt. The occupation of this point will force the
enemy to land more than twenty miles from the city on one
side, and still further from the navy-yard on the other.
" A work now in progress arid nearly finished atThrog's
Point, will prevent any attempt lo force this passage. It
will, as we have seen, oblige an enemy to land at acorisid
erable distance from the olijeci ; and a-, he will then be un
able lo turn the strong position afforded by Harlein river,
the cover on the New York side will be sufficient.
" But, should he land on the Long Island side, he might,
by leaving parties on su'table positions, with a view to pre-
ventour crossing the river and falling on his rear, make a
dash at !he navy-yard, having no obstacle in his front. To
prevent tins effectually, and also to accomplish other ob
jeets, a work should be erected on Wilkins's Point, oppo-
site I'hrog's Point. This woi k, besides completing the de-
fense of that channel, would involve a march against the
navy yard, trom this quarter, in great danger, since all the
forces that could be collected on the NewYorkshore might,
under cover of this work, be crossed over to Long Island
and fall on the rear of the enemy, cutting offhis communi-
cation with the fleet. The two works on Throgs's and
Wilkins's points may therefore be regarded as perfectly
protecting, on lhat side, the city and navy yard.
"Airuinst an attack by the main channel, there are—
1st. The works in the vicinity of the city, which would
act upon an enemy's squadron only after its arnval before
the place. They consiM of Fort Columbus, Ca-tle Wil-
liams, and South Battery, oil Governor's Island; Fort
Wood, on Bedlow's Island, and Fort Gibson, on Ellin's
Island '
" It is necessary that these works be maintained, because,
in the event of the lower barriers being forced, these would
still afford a resource. It is a disadvantage ol their posi-
tions, however, that the destruction of the city might be
goin« on simultaneously with the contest between the lorts
and the fleets. Ttiey cannot, however, be dispensed with
until the outer barriers are entirely completed, if even
then."
Mr. HART.
ment.
I ask for tellers on my araend-
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hart's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. BOWNE. I offer the following as an
amendment to the Senate amendment:
For Fort Richmond, Xew York, PRO,1)00; and for repairs
ol Fort Hamilton, New York, ,$111,000,
That is the same amendment I offered a while
ago, but withdrew at the suggestion of the gentle-
man from Florida, [Mr. Cabki.l.] 1 shall not say
anything about it, but only ask for a vote upon it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bowne's
amendment, and it was rejected.
: The question recurred upon concurring in the
; amendment of the Senate, and, being put, it was
[ decided in the negative.
So the amendment of the Senate was disagreed
to.
The amendment of the Senate appropriating
$75,000 for Fort Taylor, Key West, was disa-
greed to.
The next amendment of the Senate was then
reported, as follows:
Georgia.—Fort Pulaski, including barracks and quar-
ters, .$2 ,1)1)0."
Mr. KING, of Rhode Island. I offer the fol-
lowing as an amendment to that amendment:
For Fnrt Adams, Newport, Rhode Mand, and perma-
nent quarters and barracks thereof, §35,000.
Mr. Chairman, I have voted in favor of every
appropriation for fortifications contained in this
bill; and whatever may be the fate of my amend-
ment, 1 shall, nevertheless, continue to vote for
all that the Senate have proposed. I shall do so
because 1 believe that fortifications are necessary
for the defense of this country.
[Here the committee rose informally, and a mes-
sage was received from the Senate, by the hands
of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, inform-
ing the House that the Senate had disagreed to
the amendments of the House to the amendments
of the Senate to the deficiency bill, insisted upon
their amendments to said bill, and asked for acom-
mittee of conference upon the disagreeing votes of !
the two Houses.]
The Committee of the Whole on the state of I
the Union then resumed its session. * 1
Mr. KING, (continuing.) I hold that it is the
duty of this Congress to defend the country, by
the use of the most appropriate and powerful
means, against foreign aggression; and that when
formications, as compared with the other elements
of military defense, are the most powerful and the
most appropriate, they should be provided for.
Sir, it is an unquestioned fact in military science,
that fortifications answer a purpose in the defense
of the country for which the other elements of
defense—your Army and your Navy—are en-
tirely incompetent. I am in favor of fortifications
in those cases, and in those cases only, in which
they are the most powerful and effective means of
defense. Who will deny that it is the duty of
this Government to defend our country? Sir,
upon the very ground that was taken in this de-
bate yesterday, that there are chivalrous and cour-
ageous men upon our coast to stand up and vin-
dicate the rights of the American people, and to
resist foreign aggressions—for that very reason I
am in favor of putting arms into their hands that
shall enable them to compete with that enemy,
and, if possible, give them the advantage over that
enemy. I would allow them the advantages of
science to make their contest safe as well as effect'
ive.
Now, with regard to the particular appropria-
tion contained in my amendment, it has the
strongest official recommendation to support it.
It is contained in the estimates of the present ses-
sion. It was contained m the estimates of the
last session. It is the subject, together with other
appropriations for fortifications, of a special com-
munication to a committee of the Senate; and in
that communication it is stated that the estimates
there inserted are for the defense of the most im-
portant points, and those most liable to be attacked
by an enemy. Such is the official declaration of
the officers of your Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. POLK. I am opposed to the amendment
of the gentleman from Rhode Island, and I will
take occasion, with the permission of the com- J
mittee, to make the amende honorable to Com- , I
] motlore Sloat. I made a speech a few days ago
I under a misapprehension, as I afterwards learned,
and I hope the House will bear with me while I
read a written statement which I have prepared,
of facts which have been furnished to me.
[The reporter has been disappointed in procur-
ing a copy of his statement.]
Mr. BOWNE. With the permission of the
House, I desire to say that I acquiesce in the ex-
planation made by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Poi.k.] It will be seen by the explanation
just made, that he stated that slOO.OOO would be
: necessary for the purpose indicated, but that he
intended to increase tlie appropriation instead of
lessening it. I stated the facts just as he stated
them, but he understood them to mean* one thin,"-
and I another. That is all the statement I desire
to make.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. JACKSON. I understand there is now
an amendment pending in relation to Fort Pu-
laski. I desire to say something to that amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion is not in order,
unless the gentleman moves an amendment.
Mr. JACKSON. I move to increase the ap-
propriation five dollars.
Mr. Chairman, the question in relation to this
appropriation is not one of the construction of a
new fort. It has been in the course of construc-
tion for many years, and now wants only $20,000
- to complete it. The simple question before this
committee is, whether you will allow it now to go
to ruin, and lose all you have expended in itscon-
I struction, or whether yon will give us some
$15,000 or $20,000—$20,000 is the amount pro-
i posed in the amendment of the Senate—for the
I purpose of completing it. This fort is surrounded
upon the land side by a dike, and as the water
rises from the sea, this dike is gradually wearing
away, and unless this appropriation is made for
repairing and completing it, all the houses situated
upon the land connected with the fort, will be in
danger of being destroyed—swept away by the
waters.
Sir, I appeal to the patriotism of gentlemen upon
this floor, under circumstances of such pressing
necessity, not to withhold this little appropriation
of §20,000, which is so necessary to protect the
public works connected with that fort. Will they
not vote this amount for the purpose of repairing
this dike, which is at this moment in danger of
being swept away by the water which flows over
it, and which will, in a little time, with other pub-
lic property there, which has already cost the
, Government over $100,000, be entirely destroyed?
Mr. Chairman, I have always been a friend to
fortifications, and am still. I live in a city exposed
to any enemy which may attempt its capture. The
system ofdefense forthe city ofSavannah, involves
two forts. But the Senate amendment to this bill
| makes an appropriation only for one, and that is
i in the amendment now tinder consideration. The
I entire cost of this fort from the beginning has been
| from $500,000 to $800,000; and as I said, we only
{ ask $20,000 to complete it; and will you refuse
! that amount of money so necessary to preserve
public property from destruction?
If this were an appropriation for a new work,
I would not ask for it in the present condition of
feeling in the House upon the subject of fortifica-
tions generally. But, sir, under the circumstan-
ces in which this property is placed, I feel that I
have a right to ask for it.
Sir, the people of Savannah are as patriotic a
people as can be found in this country. They are
, as capable of defending themselves, man to man,
as the people of anycity in theUnited States. The
inhabitants of that dear city will be found willing
to throw themselves by thousands against a com-
mon enemy for the protection of themselves and
the people of the State, whenever the emergency
shall present itself. But a single steam-vessel, if
i allowed to come up the basin by this fort, would
possess a power which no bravery upon the p>irt
of the people of that city could withstand, when
unprotected by fortifications. A single steam-
vessel might in one night lay the whole city in
ashes, no matter what may be the number of men
who may rally for its defense. This fort is emi-
nently necessary for the defense of my city, and I
hope this Congress will not refuse the appropria-
tion which is required to keep it in a state of pres-
