1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
989
your national work-shops. Has the Senate met
the question fairly, arid said that it shall not ? No,
air; it has shrunk from the responsibility of a
manly decision of this question of national policy,
and has devolved that delicate duty upon thePres-
ident. What right have we to shrink from the
discharge of a legislative duty devolved upon us
by the Constitution, and to surrender our func-
tions into the hands of the Executive ? It is our
place to prescribe a right policy; it is the duty of
the President to execute that policy. Is there a
friend of the President upon this floor who will
unnecessarily place him between the fires of these
contending interests ? Is there an honorable op-
ponent who will seek to embarrass him with re-
Sonsibilities not belonging to his station ? Is
•rea friend of the Constitution who will sanction
a surrender of our legislative functions into the
hands of the Executive ?
But again, sir: This amendment, if adopted,
will open a Pandora's box of evils within the range
of its operations. Itinvitesto perpetual agitation,
when the highest interests of the Government re-
quire that the question shall be finally and defin-
itively settled. Resting as the administration of
the armories under this amendment must in the
discretion of a single man, the hopes of the oppo-
nents of the established policy will be perpetually
stimulated to action, ana discontent and turmoil
will be tenfold multiplied-.
glere the hammer fell.]
r. WILCOX. I regret exceedingly to ap-
pear in opposition to the amendment of my friend ;
from Virginia, but I can assure this committee,
in all the honesty and integrity of my heart, that
I do so simply as an ally, as I conceive, to the ;
best interests of the country. In that, however,
I may be mistaken, and if so, I am honestly mis- '
taken. I will make no onslaught on the Senate
of the United States for what it has done. 1 have
great reverence for that body. I respect their
gray hairs, and I respect them for their wisdom
ana their honors. It is sufficient to me, sir, as a
Representative on this floor, that this recommenda-
tion comes indorsed by a Democratic Senate and
a Democratic Committee on Ways and Means.
I am further satisfied because President Polk and
Secretary Marcy indorsed the military superin-
tendency. Now, it seems to me, and I will not
impeach the integrity of my friend from Virginia
—because it cannot be impeached—that he mani-
fests too much uneasiness m regard to this matter.
I am for a fair fight. I am for acting honorably.
I would leave it to the calm consideration of the
committee, inasmuch as there has sprung up a
disputation in reference to the matter, whether it
is not beat to refer it as the Senate has proposed.
What do they propose? That, in order that this |
question may be settled, the President may, if he
sees proper, appoint a civil superintendent of these ,
armories, and before aanniing that responsibility,
appoint a committee ot civilians to act in concert
with a committee of military men in the examina-
tion of the facts. They are to inquire and report
to him whether the armories are conducted as
they ought to be; whether they are efficient;
whether economy is observed under the existing ;
administration, and if not, under which adminis- (
tration will most economy be secured. And when |
these facts -are reported to the President, he shall i
take the responsibility of adopting or rejecting the
report of the committee.
Again: We are to have a new administration of,
the Government in a few days, ar d I congratulate j
myself and the country on the fact, that if a refer- ^
ence be made to it justice will be done; for if rumor ,
be true, we are to have a Secretary of War pre-
eminently qualified, both in a civil and military |
point of view, to give good advice in regard to
the matter. I allude to the Hon. Jefferson Davis,
a nrmn who has handled arms, and who has served
in war and in peace with credit to himself and
honor to his country. To reject the Senate amend-
ment, then, would not only reflect upon that dis-
tinguished gentleman, but it would seem to imply
a doubt as to the capacity and integrity of the
President elect; the discretionary power of adopt-
ing the civil or military supenntendency of the
armories upon the report of the committee having
been assigned to him by the Senate's amendment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FAULKNER then, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. The amendment places this
matter precisely upon the ground it ought to oc-
cupy. The proposition of the Senate is, that the
President is to be invested with authority to appoint
a joint commission of civilians and military men,
who are to go to the Harper's Ferry and Springfield
armories for the purpose of ascertaining whether
the military or civil system operates best. You
send your committee there for the purpose of
ascertaining this fact, but how are the committee
to institute a comparison between the system now
in operation and the system which was in opera-
tion ten years before ? How are they to know
anything in regard to it, except as they may ascer-
tain those facts which are witnin the reach of every
member of the House, and which are to be found
embodied in the public documents ? That is the
only way they can get at it. They can go and
see how it is now. They can examine into its
management at the present time, and they can
report whether they consider the present manage-
ment wise, or the reverse; but they cannot insti-
tute a comparison between the management under
the civil system and the military system now in
'operation. Moreover, if they cannot have an
opportunity to examine the civil system, to see
its operation and judge for themselves as to its
efficiency, what is to be the character of their re-
port? Is it not to be made up from the represent-
ations which they may get from those now in
power, and who are seeking to perpetuate their
system upon the country ? They must either as-
certain the facts in this way, or they must go look
to the reports which have been presented at differ-
ent times to this House for the purpose of institu-
ting a comparison such as the amendment which
the Senate has adopted contemplates. To say the
very least, it does seem absurd to talk about aend-
, ing a committee to make a comparison, and to
ascertain results where they can see only the oper-
ation of one plan and can know nothing in the
world about the practical operation of the other.
I trust, therefore, that the committee will adhere to
this proposition as it originally went to the Senate,
and that they will strike out this amendment, be-
cause of the utter impossibility ofhaving any fail
comparison between the civil and military super-
intendence.
Mr. EVANS. The Committee on Ways and
.Means have recommended a non-concurrence in
the Senate amendment. When an investigation
was about to be made, gentlemen shrank from it,
and declared that there was nothing to be found
out. They can find out as well as v/e can. I do
not care where they get their information or where
they call for it. I have long been convinced that
a change of this kind must be detrimental to the
interests of the country. It may be a benefit to
some workmen about the shops, for they may get
along a little easier. 1 dare say they will like such
a change as will place them under loose instead of
. rigid authority. I sn^ak. for the interests of the
: coqnuy, and I have oeenlong satisfied that if this
matter were looked into that achfcnge would not
| be made. Why this cofnmittee should be able
to discover the facts any better than the President
of the United States, is more than I can fell. I
am well satisfied that they cannot discover the
facts. It does not "give any onerous responsibility
to the President of the United States, and such as
he is not willing to assume. I am satisfied that
we do not thoroughly understand it. I know well
enough that there nas never been any proof brought
forward to show that it is for the good of the Gov-
ernment that the change proposed should be made.
One gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,]
made the argument that these workmen ought not ,
to be subject to military rules, and that there '
ought not to be any discipline. Where did he j
show any fact, where did he show that a change
was for the good of the country, where did he
prove that it would save expenses, or that we
would have better arms? No, sir; introduce a
change in the system and we will break up these
armories, and I tell the gentleman's constituents
through him that they will be thrown out of em- |
ployment. I hope the committee will concur in 1
: the Senate amendment, because it is just and rea-
I sonable. This is a matter which ought to be in-
quired into, upon which we have but little inform- I
ation at present. No man who is in favor of
what is just and right can oppose the Senate
amendment; and if you want to give the workmen j
their just rights, such as they are entitled to, go ,
for the amendment. 1
The question was then taken upon Mr.jFAOLK-
nkr'b amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I propose an
amendment here, simply to extend the range of
inquiry:
And also whether it would not be better and more eco-
nomical to discontinue the armories and procure arms by
contract.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is in the House bill.
Mr. ORR. I understand that the Committee
on Ways and Means recommend a concurrence
in the Senate amendment.
The question being upon concurring in the Sen-
ate amendment,
Mr. INGERSOLL demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Venabu and Hall
were appointed.
The question was then taken; and there were—
ayes 81, noes 54.
So the Senate amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. With a~vjpw that we may
have an evening session, I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the negative.
So the committee refused to rise.
The next amendment of the Senate was to strike
out in the following clause the words in brackets,
and insert the words in italics:
"For arsenals, [fbrty-one thousand and seventy-one]
fifty-eight thousand one hundred and fifty dollars; and that
the Secretary of War be, and is hereby, authorized to abol-
ish or transfer such of the arsenals of the United States
as in his judgpnent may be useless or unnecessary."
Mr. TOOMBS. What do the Committee on
Ways and Means recommend there?
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee disagreed to
the first part of the amendment, but agreed to the
word ''transfer."
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to amend by striking
out the word "transfer."' It is merely a scheme
to hide a little job, as will .be seen by the lan-
guage: " and that the Secretary of War bp,, and
is hereby, authorized to abolish or transfer such
of the arsenals of the United States as in his judg-
ment may be useless or unnecessary."
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to dis-
agreeing to it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope it will be disagreed to,
for it is nothing but a joo^
The question was then taken upon Mr.ToouBs's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
The question was then taken on concurring
with the Senate amendment, and it was decided
in the negative.
So the Senate amendment was not agreed to.
The following clause was then read, viz:
" For arrearages of pay, subsistence, and clothing, due
to Captain Richard McRae's company of Virginia volun-
teers, which served in the war with Great Britain in 1813
and 1813, the sum of #10,334 31."
The Senate propose to amend it by. adding at
the end thereof thefoilswing, .yiz:,
"To be paid oat to the officers and soldiers of said com-
pany, or their legal representatives, under the order of the
Secretary of War, upon the production of such proof as
! satisfies him as to the identity of said officers and soldiers,
I and that they have not been paid."
! Mr. HOUSTON. The committee recommend
; a concurrence in that amendment.
i The question was then taken, and the Senate
' amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
" For fuel and quarters for officer? of the Army serving
on light-house duty, the payment of which is no longer
made by the Quartermaster's Department, $4,053 87."
Mr. ORR.. Do the Committee on Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment ?
Mr. HOUSTON. They do recommend a con-
currence in that amendment. ,
The question was then taken, and the Senate
amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows;
" For fuel and quarters, and for mileage or transportation
for officers and enlisted men of the Army terries on the
coast survey in eases no longer provided tor by the Quar-
termaster's Department, $10,000."
Mr. HOUSTON. The .Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment, with the following proviso:
Provided, That the annual Coast Survey report shall be
