1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
991
am! what should be disposed of, unless it be by
the report of * board of your Army officers, and
we have thought best to leave thnt matter to the
War Department to deride. Mr. Chairman, is it
not right that when these posts become useless to
the Government, that they should be disposed of?
Why do the Government desire to retain jurisdic-
tion over a small tract of land covering the site of
a military station when the object for which that
laiul was reserved, has passed away? it may be-
come of some value in the State in which it is lo-
cated if sold, hut it can he of no value to the Uni-
ted States so long as it remains within the juris-
diction of the General Government.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Missouri that he modify liis amend- 1
merit, so as to provide that when these sites are
eold. it shsM be to the highest bidder.
Mr. PHELPS. I have not the slightest objec-
tion to that. My only object is, that when these
posts shall become useless to the Government, the
proper authorities shall have power to dispose of
them. 1 will accept the amendment suggested by
the gentleman from Georgia.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS With the consent of the com-
mittee, I will withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I desire to offer an 1
amendment, for the purpose of saying a word upon ,j
the subject of this Senate amendment. '
Mr. JENKINS. Will the gentleman allow rqfc
to offer an amendment, upon which he can speaff '
Mr. FULLER. I have no objection.
Mr. JENKINS. Then I propose the following;
At the close of line five iiwrt:
Proriied. That snch transfer shall be made upon a saie
a! public auction upon a notiee of at least six wwks, pub
lisbed in the newspaper printed in the nine county having
the liipst eircaUliou.
Mr. FULLER. I will accept that as my own.
Mr. Chairman, I have had my attention called
particularly to this subject, and have conferred
with the Department in relation to it. In my
own district, ttpon the northeastern frontier,
during the troubles which existed there several
years since, there were-ereeted three temporary '
forts, Fort Kent, Fort Fairfield, and Fort ,
but there has not been a soldier in one of them
qince 1842; yet the Government are annually at
the expense of paying the salary of a superin-
tendent to take care of them. They were con-
structed only for temporary purposes, and they
-are now rotting down. No care is taken of them,
and it is not necessary that any should be. The
boards are being torn from the fences and carried
away, and are fast getting into a state of dilapi-
dation. Application waa made by me to the
Quartermaster General to have these site* sold,
but he informed me that the Department had jj
placed such a construction upon the law of 1819 j
as to render it impossible to dispose of them. I I
was also informed at the Department that there
were a number of posts upon our western fron- j
tier which are similarly situated. They have 1
become perfectly useless to the Government, al-
though they are not required. The Department
have no power to dispose of them. I hope Con-
gress will make some provision upon the subject
and allow them to be sold.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Is it in order to
■peak upon the pending amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. No speech has been made
in opposition.
Mr. BAYLY. Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Fuller.] I am utterly opposed to passing
a general law-authorizing the Secretary of War,
or anybody else, at his own discretion, to sell the
public property of the United States, though I am
free to say that my objection to this Senate amend-
ment has been a good deal obviated by the modi-
fication proposed by the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Phelps,] providing that these lands shall be
sold at public auction. That has modified my ob-
jection to a very great extent; but still my opinion ,
is, that in place of a general law delegating to an 1
officer of the Government the authority to sell this \
public property, if it is to be sold, we ought to re- j
tain that authority in Congress, and to exercise it |,
in respect to sucb cases a* are brought to. oar no- II
tice. Until what the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Fuller] has just told ua, 1 have heard of no cases j
where it would be proper to authorize such sale. 1
But I have another difficulty in relation to this 1
Senate amendment. It says this authority is to
be" extended to all military sites acquired since
the passage of the said act." What does that
mean? "Acquired since the passage of the said
act." Why, this will not apply to the cases to
which the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps]
has referred.
Mr. PHELPS. It is construed by the War
Department to apply to them.
Mr. BAYLY. Well, sir, I am <juite sure my
friend from Missouri as a lawyer, and a good law-
yer, as he is, would not so construe it. He could
not construe the language "acquired since the
passage of the act" to mean land already in the ■
occupation of the Government as reservations.
Sir, this amendment does not, and cannot extend
to the cases which the gentleman from Missouri
has alluded to. These are reservations of public
lands, and not acquisitions. The term " ac-
quired "would very well apply to cases where the
Government have purchased lands of the States,
and the jurisdiction over those lands has been
ceded by those States; and it cannot apply to any-
thing less. Now, we have purchased none of
these sites to which the gentleman alludes, and
none of them have been ceded to us since the pas-
sage of that act, because the Government owned
them itself. But although this amendment could
not reach those cases, it might reach hundreds
of our fortifications which are really necessary
for the protection of the-country. Why, sir, let!
me tell my friend from Maine, [Mr. Fuller,]
to whom 1 always feel a great deal of deference,
that this amendment would place it in the power
of the President to sell even Fort Knox, of which
he spoke this morning. 1
[Here the hammer fell.] , 1
Mr. WALSH. I desire to propose an amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the section.
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendment is
in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to offer an amendment
to a preceding portion of this clause to obviate the
difficulty of my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Bay-
ly,] and to which, I presume, there will be no
objection. I move to strike out the word " ac-
qutred,"and to substitute the word "reserved,"
so that the clause would then read:
" Skc. 4. dnd beit further enacted, That the provisions
of the act of Congress, passed March 3, 1819, entitled ' An
act authorizing the sale of certain military sites,' be, and
the same are hereby, extended to all military sites reserved
since the passage of the said act."
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment can be '
entertained at this time only by the unanimous
consent of the committee.
fhere was no objection, and the amendment ;
was accordmgly received* -> - I
Mr. PHELPS. I will only Say that the adt of
1819 provided for the sale of such military sites
belonging to the Government of the United States
as had become useless for purposes of fortifica-
tion, and it is now very desirable that the provis-
ions of that act should be extended to sites which
the Government have reserved since that time. 1
therefore hope this amendment will be agreed to*
and that the committee will Concur in the Senate
amendment.
The question was taken, and Mr. Phelps's
amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of Mr. Fuller's amendment.
Mr, FULLER. I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Missouri that the amendment which
has just been adapted upon his motion may give
rise to 'some difficulty. It may apply to some
other reservations than those he intends.
The CHAIRMAN. Further debate is not in
order; the question is upon the adoption of the
amendment of the gentleman from Mai e, [Mr.
Fuu.br.]
Mr. SACKETT. Will it not be in. order to
offer a substitute for this whole amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. Not until theamendment
pending be disposed of.
The question was then taken, and Mr. Ful-
ler's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SACKETT. I now desire to offer an
amendment to the Senate amendment in the nature
of a substitute. I move to strike out the whole
clause, and to insert the following, viz;
Jind be it further enacted, That the actentitled " An act
to provide tor the sale of ceriain military sites," passed
March, Id 19, he. and the same hereby is, repealed : -'inii
prodded, That the Secretary of War shall, at tile opening
of each Congress, report to Congress the military sites that
should, in his judgment, be sold, and his reasons therefor.
Mr. Chairman, if this amendment be adopted
it will be the duty of the Secretary of War to re-
port to every Congress what military sites are
useless, and his reasons therefor; and it will be
competent for them to ascertain and decide what
sites ought to be sold. 1 suppose that is what
Congress desires, and I am sure it is what they
ought to have. I have no idea of granting this
sweeping power to the Secretary of War to sell all
the military posts in the country if he should see
fit, without reserve. 1 have no doubt that from
timeto time there will be some of the military posts
of the country which may be advantageously sold;
but when that fact exists, Congj/ess ought to know
it and provide for it; and if they have this report
of the Secretary of War before them, there will
be no difficulty in makingthat provision. I think
this is such an amendment as we ought to adopt.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 hope the gentleman from
New Y'ork [Mr. Jenkins] will modify his amend-
ment. Take, for instance, Fort Leavenworth or
Fort Scott; there is no newspaper near in which
to publish the notice of that sale.
Mr. JENKINS. I have no objection to making
it, "such newspaper as the Secretary of War may
designate."
TheCHAlRMAiX. The Chair would suggest
that the amendment of the gentleman from New
York was accepted by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Fuller,] and has been adopted by the com-
mittee;. The question now is upon the adoption of
the amendment of die gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Sackett.]
Mr. RIDDLE.' If the act of 1819 is read, I
think it will be seen that there is ne need of these
amendments at all. I think that provides for sell-
ing all the sites which it is desirable for the Gov-
ernment to sell.
Mr. JENKINS. The statute of 1819 provides
for no sale whatever. -It authorizes the Secretary
of War to decide as to what he deems useless, and
what he does not deem useless.
Mr. SACKETT. The gentleman misappre-
hends the amendment proposed altogether. It
proposes to repeal that law entirely.
Mr. JENKINS. I am opposed to the whole
thing. I shall vote for the gentleman's amend-
ment. ' But we need not legislate upon the suhject
at all. Why? Because, if there are any fortifU
cations or military posts of any consequence to,
be sold, it is quite easy for the Secretary of Wsr
to report the fact to the House, and then. Congress
can judge of the expediency and propriety of sell-,
ing them. But will you put into the hands of the
Secretary of War til® po*«{ to mU out the fortifi-
catiorls which hd.ve.casi the,eowitry,inilliona of
dollars? The language of this act authorizes1 bin*
! to sell out anything, no matter what. Old Point
Comfort, or any other place may be sold out, if
this power is to be conferred upon that ©ffirter.
! This House will pause a long while before (hey
I will vest such a power there, or in any other
! hands. We have yet to lenm whether ihere is;
any fortification which shoaM be sold; and bow-
easy it would be for the-Secretary of War to make,
a report upon that point, and then the House will
j be able to judge, whether it is proper or not, to
: make the sale. One man may say that such and-
such a poet is an important one, and another that
it is wholly unimportant. Pt seems to me that this.
■ question is too plain for debate. No such power
should be vested in any officer of the Government.
We should hold that power ourselves.
(i The question- was tnen tiaken on the amendment
' offered by Mr. Sackett, and it was agreed to.
j Mr. SUTHERLAND. I move to insert after-
the word "all,"in theSenateamendment,the word
" useless,"' so that that part of the clause will read s
" Extended to all useless military sites acquired
since the passage of this act."
The act of 1819 authorizes the-sale «f certain
military sites. This Senate amendment extends
the provisions of that act to- aW military sites oc-.
quired since the passage of"said act. Now the-
question may arise, what does that refer to?
Does it mean, in connection with that set, the
mod* of sales, or does it rtfer to the site* andf&rttf
