992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1.
themselves> By putting in the word useless all !
doubt is removed.
Mr. RIDDLE. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York, that he make his amendment
to read " all useless military sites acquired before
or since the passage of said act."
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I modify my amend-
ment as the gentleman suggests.
Mr. BAYLY. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of my friend from New York.
In the first place the very proper amendment of
my colleague cuts it off; and in the second place
the use of the word " useless " does not change the
matter at all, because what is useless and what is
not useless, depends upon the discretion of the
person to whom this authority is given. Now
my objection to the whole thing is, that as far as
my vote is concerned, I do not choose to leave
this thing to the discretion of anybody. Take
the case of our public lands, and who in this
House would vote to give the entire control of
the disposition of them to any officer of our Gov-
ernment? It would be wrong, and, a fortiori, it
would be wrong to delegate that discretion to any
officer in respect to property which we have ac-
quired or reserved for military purposes; because
when we acquired it for military purposes, I take
it for granted that it was done by a vote of Con-
gress, and because it was considered necessary,
and I will not put it in the power of any man to
divest us of property which was acquired by a
vote of Congress.
Mr. SACKETT. In drawing up my amend-
ment I omitted the words " March 3, 1819." I
ask the unanimous consent of the House that the
Clerk may insert these words in the amendment,
so that it shall read:
"That the act passed March 3, 1819, entitled 'An act
authorizing the sale of certain military sites,' is hereby re-
pealed, and that the Secretary of War shall, at the opening
of each Congress, report to Congress what military sites
should, in his judgment, be sold, and the reasons therefor."
No objection was made, and the amendment was
modified accordingly.
The question was then taken upon the amend- j
ment offered by Mr. Sutherland, and it wasdis- j
agreed to.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I desire to offer an !
amendment to the proposition. I will send it to ,
the Clerk's desk. I
I wish the amendment amended so as to extend I
its operation beyond mere military sites. The '
State of Florida, as is very well known, in 1834- '
'35-'36, and previous to the Florida war, was but
a wilderness. An army was sent by the Govern-
ment to that State for the purpose of driving the
Seminole Indians out of that country. They were
scattered over the whole country, and large tracts
of land were reserved for military purposes. In
one instance there was a tract of sixteen miles
square reserved. Most of the Indians were re-
moved, and those now remaining are confined to
the everglades of Florida, and the rest of the coun-
try has become occupied; but these reservations
are still held by the War Department, and cannot j
be sold. Now, it seems to me that there can be j
no objection, in the mind of any gentleman here, ;
to add a provision to that amendment of the Sen- !
ate so as to authorize a sale of these reserved
lands, under such restrictions as shall be contained
in the amendment.
I ask that the amendment may be read by the
Clerk:
The amendment was read, as follows:
And that in all cases where lands have been, or may
be hereafter, reserved for military, naval, or other pur-
poses, and where the Secretary of the proper Department
shall certify that such lands are no longer required by the
Government for public uses, the President of the United
States shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause the
same to be gold at public sale, under the laws which may
be in force at the time of tile disposal of the public lands,
or under such special regulations as he may prescribe: Pro-
vided, however,Thai no preemption right shall attach to
any such land", in virtue of any settlement made prior to
the time of otfermg, at public sale, of the same, under this
act.
Mr. CABELL. It will be seen now that this
amendment of mine does not apply to any fort or
fortification, but only to lands which were re-
served, when the Army of the United States was
in Florida, for the cutting of timber and for a
variety of purposes, which they deemed essential
at the time, but for which they are now no longer
required.
1 ask that the President of the United States,
upon the certificate of the Secretary of "War that
these lands are not required for military purposes,
shall authorize them to be sold at public sale,
under laws which may exist at the time of the
public sale. It seems to me that there can be no
! objection to it; and it is a matter of very great
importance to the people of Florida.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Cabell, and it was agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the adoption
of the substitute for the Senate amendment, which
substitute was the amendment of Mr. Sackett,
as amended by the amendment of Mr. Cabell,
it was put, and decided in the affirmative.
So the substitute for the Senate amendment was
. agreed to.
The next Senate amendment in order was the
following:
"Sec. 5. And he it further enacted, That such portion of
the sum of .$75,000 appropriated for the discharge of claims
for preventing and suppressing Tndiau hostilities in Florida,
by the act of 27th February, 1851, as shall remain unex-
pended on the 30th of June, 1853, is hereby reappropriated
for that purpose."
Mr. WEIGHTMAN offered the following
amendment to this amendment, viz:
And that the President be, and he is hereby, authorized
to cau^e arms to be distributed among such portions of the
inhabitants of New Mexico, Utah, and Oregon, as he may
deem advisable, and under such regulations and precautions
as may be considered necessary to insure the preservation
of said arms, and the application thereof to the defense of
the said Territories.
And that the President be, and he is hereby, authorized,
whenever he may deem it necessary for the protection of
said Territories, or either of them, to call out all or any por-
tion of the militia thereof, or to accept the services of one
or more volunteer companies which may be raised therein ;
and the volunteers and mihtta so called into service shall be
entitled to the same ordinary monthly pay and allowances
as were provided by law for volunteers while in the service
of the United States, under the act entitled u An act pro-
, vidin# for the prosecution of the existing war between the
I United States and the Republic of Mexico,''approved May
13,1846.
! Mr. SUTHERLAND. I rise to a question of
' order. The amendment is not germane to the
Senate amendment. It has no connection With it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
gentleman's question, and rules the amendment to
i be out of order.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. I should like to make
a single suggestion.
The CHAIRMAN. The question of order is
not debatable.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. This, as well as the
other section, provides for the prevention of Indian
hostilities, and I think that my amendment is in
order.
The question was then taken, and the Senate
amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk read the next amendment of the Sen-
ate as follows:
" Add as an additional section the following :
"Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the accounting
officers of tile Treasury be authorized, in settling the ac-
counts of Captain Leslie Chase, Captain S. M. Plummer,
Captain Schuyler Hamilton, and Lieutenant J. H. VVbip-
| pie, to pass to their creditall expenditures by them made for
I objects authorized by law, out of appropriations not appli-
j cable thereto: Provided, That such expenditures be ap-
, proved by the Secretary of War."
! Mr. DUNHAM. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
The Clerk read the next amendment of the Sen-
ate, adding, as an additional section to the bill, the
following:
" Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That additional ra-
tions shall hereafter be allowed to the commissioned offi-
cers of engineers when in command of separate and fixed
or permanent posts : Provided, That the commandant of no
post shall be entitled to receive such additional rations un-
less the same be designated by the Secretary of War as a
double-ration post."
Air. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
I was non-concurred in.
The Clerk read the next amendment of the Sen-
ate, adding, as an additional section, the following:
" Sec. 8. And be il further enacted, That the provisions
of the seventh section of the act approved August 31,1855,
j: entitled 'An act making appropriations for the support of
j, the Army for the year ending the 30th of June, 185-V shall
j be construed to extend to all persons who were engaged as
[ receivers of military contributions in Mexico or Culifornia,
II during the war with Mexico."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
The Clerk read the next amendment of the Sen-
ate, adding, as an additional section, the following:
"Sec. 9. And he it further enacted, That the provisions
of the first section of the act entitled ' An act making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the year ending the
30th of June, 1851,' approved September 28, 1850, granting
extra pay to the officers and enlistedmen of the army serv-
ing in Oregon and California, be extended to the officers and
men of the two companies of regiment of mounted riflemen
that garrisoned the post of Fort Laramie, Oregon route,
during the time they occupied said post; and the amount
which may be found due them under this act shall be paid
out of any moneys in theTreasury not otherwise appropri-
ated."
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee on Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. I move to amend hy in-
serting, after the word " extended," the following:
To the commissioned officers and enlisted men of the
army who served in the ninth military department, and at
Fort Atkinson on the Arkansas river, Santa F6 route,
and."
The two companies at Fort Laramie have this
extra pay, and all that I ask by the amendment
which I have proposed is, that the commissioned
officers and enlisted men of the army who served
in the ninth military department, which includes
New Mexico, shall be placed on the same footing
with them, in accordance with the recommenda-
tions of the military committees of both Houses
ofrflongress.
Mr. HALL. The very cheapest place to live
is on the plains, and I think that the section ought
to be stricken out.
Mr. EVANS made some remarks in regard to
the high rate of provisions on the plaina, not dis-
tinctly heard by the reporter.
Mr. HALL. When emigrants get out there,
they can obtain meat for a cent a pound.
Mr. EVANS. I do not dispute with the gen-
tleman. I only tell him the authenticated state-
ment was that the price of provisions was ex-
traordinarily high, and that they had to give what
they had to suffering emigrants.
Mr. BAYLY. Were not those the provisions
of the Government ?
Mr. PHELPS. I should like to know, also,
of whom your officers were going to buy provis-
ions at Port Laramie?
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was disagreed to.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of the Senate, and it was non-concurred in.
The Clerk read the next amendment of the Sen-
ate, as follows:
" Add as an additional section to the bill the following:
"Sec. 10. Jini be it jurther enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the Secretary ot War, under such regulations as he
may prescribe, to cause to be examined and testimony to
be taken in all claims against the United States for carrying
on the government in California, in theyears 1846 and 1847,
under Commodore R. F. Stockton, Brigadier General 9.
W. Kearny, and Lieutenant Colonel John C. Fremont; also,
for spoliations, and for property furnished or taken for mili-
tary purposes in California, within that period, and which
have not been favorably reported upon by the Board of
Commissioners appointed under the sixth section of the
act making appropriations for the support of the Army, ap-
proved 31st August, 1852, and to report thereupon to Con-
gress at its next session ; and that for the purpose of carry-
ing this provision into effect the sum of $10,000 be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. HIBBARD. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment, and for sufficient reasons. I do not
propose to debate the question, unless there be
discussion against the report of the committee,
j The question was taken, and the amendment
! was non-concurred in.
i The next amendment of the Senate proposed to
add as an additional section, the following:
j "Sec. 11. And he it further enacted, That for the pay-
; ment of claimants against the United States, for funds ad-
vanced, and subsistence and supplies of all kinds furnished
or taken for the use of the command of Captain John C.
Fremont, whilst he was engaged in the public service in
| California, during the year 1846, as favorably reported upon
by the Board of Commissioners appointed under the sixth
section of the act making appropriations for the support of
theArmy,approved August31,1852,thesumof.«31,017 22X
is hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated; and that the troops enlisted or
enrolled in California, under the direction of the military
and naval officers, shall have all the benefits of all acts of
' Congress in favor of troops engaged in the war with Mex-
