1803.
the eo$mwm$AL mmk.
997
Fnadeee, in that Stmtr, and to waotoy for that purpose
officers of Me Army, awl citizen civil engineers, tbe latter,
when appointed, to be confirmed bv tbe Senate, and to be
paid for their services at the rate of $5,000 per annum when
so employed, the assistants to the engineers to be appointed
br theai in such number and with such compensation aa
the President nay determine.
Sac. 9. he it further tiwtlal, That aa aoon aa the
said examinations shall hare been completed, or so much
of the line of said mad or roads located as shall justify the
beginning of the work, tbe grading and construction of
said roads shall be commenced, to consist of a railroad and
a common road, in parallel lines, under the direction of
engineers appointed aad paid as provided for in the fore-
going section.
Sac. 3. Jtnd he it further enacted, That die railway shall
throughout have a double track; the rails to be solely of
American iron, and of such weight, and the track to be of
such width, and such space shall be left for the increase of
die number of tracks and for the enlargement of the com-
mon road, as the engineers may deem expedient, under the
sanction of the President; the common road to be con-
structed in the most desirable form that the materials on the
line of the road will permit, the President having fall au-
thority to direct the purchase of all tbe necessary cars,
locomotivaa, aad appurtenances for the building of said
road, and for the accommodation of passengers and for the
carrying of freight, and to do all things required to put the
road in operation.
Sac. 4. be it further enacted, That the President be
authorised and requested to cause the Indian title to be ex-
tinguished of not less than twenty miles from the exterior
line of the road on each side through its whole length, and
that military stations be established on the line of the road at
sack places as the President may direct.
Sac. 5. Jtnd he it further enacted. That the soldiers sta-
tioned at posts along the line of the road may be employed
in its construction. Such as are employed shall, at the ex-
piration of their term of service, be entitled to a bounty of
oae hundred and sixty acres of land, to be located at a dis-
tance pot exceeding twenty miles from the line of the road
oa either side; and the laborers working on the road for tbe
space of two years, sfiall be entitled to the same bounty,
located within the same limits.
Sac.C. Jtnd he it further enacted, That tbe Secretary of
War, under the direction of the President, shall contract
for the construction of the road; but in no case shall a con-
tact for a section of more than one hundred miles be
panted to tbe same patty or parties; the President having
M regard, ia contracting, to tbe limitation of the time for
tbe completion of each aectfon tinder the contract, to its
distance from tbe extremities of the road, so as to insure
the speediest completion of the whole.
Sac. 7. Jtnd he it further enacted, That for the purpose
of providing the means necessary for tbe construction of
said road, the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is here-
by ^authorized to cause, under die direction ofthe President,
tn be prepared from time to time, certificates of stock for
SODS, each of net leaa than *1,000, not exceeding in issue
*10,000,000 per annua, beginning with tbe first of tbe next
fiscal year, bearing an interest not exceeding five per cent,
per annum, payable half yearly—said stock to be redeem-
able at any period after twenty years from tbe date of said
certificates: Provided, That if there should be surplus
swoey ia the Treasury in any year otherwise unappro-
priated sufficient to defray the expenses attending the con-
struction of the road for that year, it may be applied for
that purpose, and bo certificates of stock shall be iasaed
fortbiu year.
Bsc. 8. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to issue pro-
posals for the sale of said certificates, and cause (hem to be
sold: Provided, That no stock shall be sold below par:
Jtnd presided further, That Ike money ariaiag from their
sale shall be kept aa a distinct fan* in the Traasury.and
applicable only for the conn iw Boa oftfrs roadsantboritod
by this act.
gic. 9. And he it fmther enacted, That the proceeds
arising from the sale of the public lands in theTerritories
thrpagh which the road shall paas, as well as the revenue
scenting from the road, after the current expenses for the
same are paid, shall be set aside to pay the interest and re-
deem the principal of tbe bonds, the issue of which are au-
thorized by tbe preceding sections.
Sac. 10. Jtnd he it further enacted, That the President
■ball designate the auditor and comptroller who shall au-
dit aad settle the accounts of the receipts and expenditures
connected with die construction of the road.
Sac. 11. Jlndhe it further enacted, That a quantity of
laad equal to alternate sections through die distance from
the point where the roads hereby authorized to be con-
structed shall strike the eastern boundary of California, for
a breadth of twenty miles on each side of the road, shall be
set aside and appropriated toward paying the expenses of
the construction of a railroad to San Francisco, within that
State; tbe right being reserved to pay tbe State of Califor-*
nia the (rice of one dollar aad a quarter per acre for the
whole, or any part of the land, for the purpose of constrnct-
isg said road through the State, which may be retained by
the Government. And a like quantity of land is hereby
granted to the State upon whose boundary the eastern ter-
mini of the road hereby authorized to be constructed, shall
be located, (iftbe State has not grants already made for the
purpose,) for constructing a railroad from wis termini to the
Mianasippi river, the road to be constructed In every par-
ticular the same as prescribed ia the third section « this
act. The grants of land are made to the Sum herein
named, on the following conditions, viz: That the State or
States shall complete their roads in three years Own the
tins they accept tbe grant with all the conditions hereby
made, and that the United States mails shall be carried oil
said road free of charge, and all troops, seamen, monitions
•f war, military and naval stores, treasure, funds, and
property, belonging to the United States, and all persons on
business, or in the employment of the Government',
stall at all times be carried on said road free of charge; and
Congress hereby reserves the power to regulate the charges
(br might and passengers thereon, and in the absence of
any law, the President shall exercise the power. And the
President is hereby authorized to issue patents for the land
hereby granted to the States for the construction ofthe road,
in quantities pro rata (br the amount of road that may be
finished, (of not lesa than twenty miles.) and the whole
amount of land as such State will be entitled to on the com-
pletion of the entire line of the road-
Sac. 19. *dnd he it further enacted, That so soon as any
Territory through which tbe above-described railroad and
common road snail pass, shall, by the authority of Congress,
be erected into a State, then shall the entire right of the
United States to said railroad, common road, and all appur-
tenances, paas to such Stats, with the proviso that the Uni-
ted States will retain the same power, control, and rights,
as reserved in die eleventh section to the Government, over
the road that may pass through the States, for which lands
may be granted.
Mr. TOOMBS. I rise to a question of order.
It is true that ia the section which comes from the
Senate, provision is made for a survey, but the
amendment which provides for the construction of
a railroad to the Pacific ocean is not in order to
this or any other section of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. PRICE. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
The question was put, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand aa the judgment of the committee?"
and it was agreed to.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The question then recurred on the amendment
, of the Senate.
j Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia I demand tellers.
| Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Lockhart
I and Aykrett ware appointed.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of the Senate was coocurred jn; the tellers
having reported—ayeS 80, noes SO.
The Clerk then read the next amendment of the
Senate, adding as an additional section the follow-
ing:
" Sac. 16. Jtnd he it farther en acted, That the engineers
aad other persons employed ih said explorations and sur-
veys, shall be organised in as many distinct corps as there
are routes to be surveyed, and their several reports shall be
laid before Congress on or before the first Monday in Feb-
ruary, 1854."
Mr. DEAN. I move the following proviso to
that section:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall authorize
said survey to be made within the limits of any State of this
, Union.
II The object of the survey proposed to be author-
ized by the amendment or the senate, is to ascer-
! tain if there is a practicable route on which to con-
struct a railroad to the Pacific ocean. The people
of every State in the Union understand the geog-
! raphy of their own State. The territory lying
between the State of California and the Missis-
sippi river has never been thoroughly explored,
i and the only ground on which Congress can jus-
tify thai appropriation is, that Congress has the
powk taprovide for the defenie of the Territories,
mid me caa «uk« this tipta# tot territorial pur-
poses, and than capitalists wifikifow whetherthey
can construct, a railroad to the Pacific,'and if so,
on which route. I have no objection to that, and
while I have fto doubt of the power of Congress
to make any disposition of its territories that it
may deem best, I say that it is not proper nor safe
for it to affirm anything that can be construed
into an assertion of power on the part of Con-
gress to survey a State of this Union. If Con-
gress can, without the eonsent of the State, make
a survey, it can construct a road; and if it can con-
struct a road, it can take the territory of a State
for whatever other purpose it may choose. We
have no power to do it under the Constitution,
and therefore I call on this committee, at this
time, to guard this provision, so that no such in-
ference can be drawn from it; and that it may be
properly understood by the country, I have pro-
posed this amendment. There is another reason
which ought to be controlling: This survey will
be wholly unnecessary, so far as the States are
concerned. We have no power to build a railroad
in them. With such a proviso, I shall offer no
opposition to the amendment of the Senate, for
the proviso removes all constitutional objection.
Without this proviso I can never vote for the sur-
vey, because it must necessarily be made within
the States.   .
Mr. MEADE. We do not, Mr. Chairman,
by voting for this appropriation, authorize the con-
struction of a railroad, nor do we compel the Sec-
retary of War to make these surveys. He is only
authorized to make them. There is nothing here
that conflicts with State jurisdiction. I would
ask the gentleman from New York whether simi-
lar surveys are not now going on yearly by the
Engineer Corps within the limits of the States?
Are they done in accordance with or against law I
And if against law, or against the Constitution,
why does he not bring forward some proposition
to prevent them ? But if these works be legally
ana constitutionally done by the Engineer Corps,
why may they not also malce the surveys author-
ized by this amendment of the Senate?
Mr. DEAN. I would inquire of the gentleman
whether he ever knew of a survey being authorized
by Congress within the limits of a sovereign State
for the purpose of either locating a canal, a rail-
road, or any other kind of road ?
Mr. MEADE. The amendments of the Senate
do not provide that these surveys shall be followed
by the actual construction of a railroad by the
General Government. They are not made with
a view to ascertain the practicability of a railroad
which may be hereafter constructed, by whom is
not stated, nor is it material.
The coast surveys are made for general us*,
and other surveys, such as this, may oe made for
general information, to be turned hereafter to ac-
count. It is not to be assumed that those who
vote for these surveys will vote appropriations
hereafter for the construction of a railroad—not at *
all. I am discussing the clauses we are voting on;
the remaining one will be considered when it comes
up. In my own State there was a corps of en-
gineers engaged the lastyear and the year previous
in making surveys. The State of Virginia did
not consider her sovereignty invaded, nor did she
conceive that her jurisdiction was interfered with
bjr these engineers entering her borders for the
purpose of makingthem. And I am sure, that
neither Arkansas, Texas, nor any other State of
this Union will deem its rights trenched on when
these surveys are commenced. If we may law-
j fully appropriate money for the coast <uyvey, and
the survey of rivers and the mining regions; and
above all, if the Corps of Engineers may, Upon
invitation from others, and with the permission of
the Government, make surveys for others, so may
they make one to the Pacific; in every case they
arepaid by the Federal Government.
The question being upon the amendment offtfed
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Deah,]
Mr. ORR demanded teller; which were not
ordered.
Mr. FREEMAN. I desire to suggest to the
gentleman to amend in this way :
J1 nd provided further, That the harbors In the city of
New York hereafter shall not be surveyed by the Topo-
graphical Corps, nor by officers of the Coast Survey.
[Laughter.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Dean's
amendment, and itwas no1 agreed to.
Mr FREEMAN.' I Sf«Klfol&2u,S *raen,J-
SBent, to c0ttein*lth4«tf^f tte amend-
ment : • • , ■ • t
Jlni be Iffurther enacted, That, to aid in die construc-
tion of Baid Pacific railroad, the right of way through the
public lands be, and the same is hereby, granted to the
States of Mississippi and Louisiana for the construction of
railroads from Brandon, in Mississippi, to the eastern bor-
der of said State, in the direction of Montgomery, in the State
of Alabama, and from the Mississippi river at a point oppo-
site Vicksburg, in the State of Mississippi, westward, via
ghreveport, to the Texas State line, with the right, also, to
take necessary materials of e&rth, stone* vid tiinber^ from
the public lands of the United States adjacent to said rail-
road for the construction thereof: Provided, That the right
of way shall not exceed one hundred feet on each side of
the length thereof; and a copy of die survey of said road,
made under the direction of the Legislature, shall be for-
warded to the proper local land offices, respectively, and to
the General Land Office at Washington city, within ninety
days after the completion of the same.
sec. 3. And he it further enacted, That there be, and is
hereby, granted to tbe States or Mississippi and Louisiana,
for the purpose or aiding in making the railroads aforesaid,
every alternate section of land designated by even nuinbere,
fbr six sections in width on each side of said road} but ia-
case it shall appear that the United States have, when the
line or route of said road ia definitely fired by the authority
aforesaid, sold any part of any section hereby gtkntM, or
that the right of preemption has attached to the mm, then
it shall be lawful for any agent or agents, to he floated
by the Governors of said States, to select, sajw
approval of the Secretary of the Interior, tfom W tads of
the United States most contiguous to the tWr.of  MttoBa
attached as aforesaid; which lands ^ing^uaHnquantity
hatf —i— joptifir" (n width od 6&ch side or Mud
road, the States of Mississippi and Alabma sfcsll
hold to and for the use and purpose aforesaid, And pro-
vided further, that the lands hereby granted shall ba ap-
