998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
plied in the construction of said roads, and shall be dis-
posed of only a45 the work progresses, and shall be applied
to no other purpose whatsoever: ."Jnrf provided further,
That an v and all land* reserved to the United State's by any
act of Congress, for the purpose of aiding in any object of
internal improvement, in any manner or for any other pur-
pose whatsoever, be, and the same are hereby, reserved to
the Tinted States from the operation of this act except so
far as it may be found necessary to locate the route of the
said railroad through such reserved lands.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the sections and
parts of sections of land which by such grant shall remain
to the United States, within six miles on each side of said
road, shall not be sold for less than double the minimum
price of the public lands when sold.
Sec. 4. And be xt further enacted, That the said lands
hereby granted to the said States shall be subject to the dis-
posal of the Legislatures thereof, for the purposes afore-
said, and no other; and the said railroads shall be and re-
main public highways for the use of the Government of
the United States, free from toll or other charge upon the
transportation of any property or troops of the United .
States.
Sec. 5. And be it further enactedy That if the said rail-
roads shall not be competed within ten years, the said
States of Mississippi and Alabama t>hall be bound to pay
to the United States the amount which may be received
upon the sale of any part of said lands by said States, the
title to the purchasers under said States remaining valid,
and the title to the resid ue of said lands shall rci u vest in the
United State--, to have and to hold the same in the same
manner as if this act had not been passed.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the United States
mail shall at all times be transported on said railroads under
the direction of the Po-t Office Department, at such price
as Congress may by law direct.
The reading of the amendment was commenced.
Mr. GOODENOW said: I rise to a point of
order, that the amendment is not germane to the
Senate amendment under consideration. There
is no law authorizing it and it is inconsistent with
the provision under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point oforder made by the gentleman from Maine,
and decides the amendment to be out of order.
Mr. FREEMAN. I make this point of order.
1 have the right to have that amendment reported
to the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The paper has been read
sufficiently to indicate its character. The reading
of it might take half an hour.
Mr. FREEMAN. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair. I offer an amendment which is ruled
out of order before it is read to the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment was of-
fered by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Freeman,] enough of which was read to indicate
its character. The Chair rules it out of order,
from which decision the gentleman appeals; and
the question now is, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
The question was taken and the decision of
the Chair was sustained. i
Mr. DEAN. I offer the following amendment:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall auihor- I
ize said surveys to be made within the limits of any State !
of the Union without the consent of said State.
Mr. GOODENOW. I rise to a point of order.
It is the same amendment which was rejected
awhile ago.
Mr. DEAN. Not at all.
Mr. GOODENOW. The same in substance.
Mr. DEAN. There is added to it the words
" with the assent of said State." I know that
upon the other vote a number of member.s around
me did not understand the question upon which
they were voting. I now ask for tellers upon
that amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will ask the
committee if that be adopted whether we will have
any survey ? It seems to me that this proposi-
tion was voted down rightfully in the first place, 1
and ought to be voted down in the second. j
The question was then taken on Mr. Dean's
amendment, and it was not agreed to. i
The question being on the Senate amendment,
Mr. HART demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Bowie and Curtis were ap-
pointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed that there were—ayes 82, noes 42.
So the Senate amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Senate was then
read, adding the following as an additional sec-
tion, viz:
"Sec. 17. And be it farther enacted, That in making
such explorations and surveys, the engineers and other
persons employed under the authority of this act may be
directed to act in concert with any engineers employed by
any individual or individuals, association or associations
for the same general object; and the Secretary of War is
hereby authorized and required to receive proposals from
individuals or associations for the construction of a rail- !
road between the valley of the Mississippi and the Pacific |
ocean, and lay the same before Congress at the next ses-
sion."
Mr. MEADE. I move that all after the word
" object " in the sixth line be stricken out.
Mr. EWING. I should like to propose an
amendment with a view of perfecting the part of
the section which the gentleman from Virginia
proposes to strike out.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Meade] has the floor. The gentle-
man's amendment would be in order afterwards.
Mr. MEADE. I move to strike out that part
of the clause, because I think it will answer no
practical purpose according to my views. It au-
thorizes the Secretary of War to receive propo-
sals 
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to ask my colleague
why he proposes to strike out that part of the sec-
tion? I understood a little while ago that he voted
for the fifteenth section, which provides that the
railroad shall be surveyed by the United States.
Now, he proposes to strike out that portion which
seems to imply that it is to be built by private citi-
zens. I would ask my colleague, therefore, why
he proposes to strike out that part of the section;
and I would ask him further, if he is willing to
appropriate $150,000 for surveying a road to be j
built by individuals? j
Mr. MEADE. I do not see anything to beac- j
complished by it but to gratify an idle curiosity
on the part of Congress as to what the various
companies propose to do, and what they propose
to do it for. 1 prefer that they shall get informa-
tion in some other way. This House is calling
for information, but without an object, or for an
object which they cannot legitimately carry out,
and therefore 1 am opposed to that clause. The
surveys which the previous sectionsauthorize,give
legitimate employment to the Engineer Corps of
this Government. We shall thereby become ac-
quainted with the topographical condition of the
new country. The road may be built by individ-
uals who may avail themselves of these surveys
in ascertaining the best practicable route. Why
Congress should wish to know what individuals
would build the road for, 1 cannot imagine, unless ,
it proposes to make a contract with them, which
I am not prepared to do. We have no concern
with that information whatever, and therefore I
move to strike out the clause.
Mr. STROTHER. I desire to say a word
upon the amendment. 1 differ with my colleague
in the opinion that it is right to amend the section,
andstrikeout those words, forthese reasons: there
is no member upon this floor who does not see that
the Pacific ocean is to be the great place of con-
test for power and supremacy between the nations
of the earth by colonization on its shores and '
islands, and by control over the existing "com-
merce of the Indies," and over its mighty growth ,
in the future. There is no member upon this floor 1
who does not realize the importance of a legitimate
constitutional connection between tht Altantic and
Pacific, which will bind us together by bonds that
will make us inseparable, and give to the people
of these States ready access to, and means of ab-
solute control over that vast commerce and all its !
consequences. While all these vast results force i
themselves upon our view, and while that wisest
and most energetic of old nations, Great Britain, |
is using giant efforts to seize the vantage ground,
and hold that which natural position gives to us ]
if we will take it, my colleague who moves this j
amendment, and other gentlemen, rise up and de-
clare that the Constitution presents an insuper-
able objection to our making such connection by
Federal legislation. We have seen upon other
occasions that the Constitution has been found to
permit extension to effect minor objects of public
good, and even of party, and I wish that section
to remain intact, that the minds of statesmen may
be occupied upon the question of the practicability
of bringing the limits of the Constitution over these
great interests of the country. It may be that
that great abutment which sustains the Constitu-
tion, and keeps it firm and steady upon its base,
the resolutions of 1798-'99, may likewise demand I
the same expansion of the present conception of
their true meaning, to meet the necessities of that
great future which is coming upon us with the |
celerity of the wind.
Now, the retention of that clause will enable
the matter to be presented to Congress in the most
practicable form, and will present to us the results
of the action of parties upon the practicability and
feasibility of this question, in the form of plans,
projects, and propositions, on which statesmen
can form their opinions of constitutional power.
Between this and that time, the friends of this
system, who belong to the political party which
is now charged with the care of the Constitution,
may be occupied in examining how far they may be
made to adapt themselves to the progress of the
age. The next Congress having before them the
results of the examinations upon these proposi-
tions, may be enabled to act upon this matter un-
derstandmgly. Then perhaps the great difficulty
will be removed, which not only delays and im-
pedes the developmentof the wondrous destiny of
these States, but also now disturbs the harmony
of this House, and likewise the harmony of that
party which has taken upon itself the charge of
your Constitution, and embodied the resolutions
of '98 in that "platform" of doctrines which are
to be the chart of the incoming Administration. If
the Constitution and resolutions will allow the ac-
complishment of the great objects by Federal aid,
I desire to see it done.
I will not say that my friend over the way has
been a Pharisee among Pharisees, for that would
be an equivocal compliment, but that he is a strict
constructionist among strict constructionists; and
while he admits now the constitutionality of a sur-
vey, my friend and colleague near me is aston-
ished at that heretical looseness of opinion. They
both belong to these self-constituted guardians of
the Constitution and of those sacred resolutions;
and this dissension of opinion is ominous of dan-
ger, if not to the country and to popular rights,
at least to unity of Democratic sentiments and
action. The geographical position of my friend
from Petersburg, to say nothing of his political
antecedents, inclines me to regard him as higher
authority in Constitution construction than my
friend from the valley. As a believer in the reso-
lutions of '98, I agree to his view of admissibility
of the proposed survey, and am not prepared to
say that some new and legitimately Democratic
State-Rights reading of those resolutions may not
hereafter permit more than a survey. Stranger
changes have come over the opinions of our Dem-
ocratic friends. I therefore insist that the country
shall have a chance to examine into these ques-
tions, upon the proper solution of which so much
of the future unity, strength, and prosperity of
this country depends, and will also seriously affect
the harmonious union, if not the existence of the
Democratic confederation, which is not now one in
opinion upon the constitutionality of these sec-
tions.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. EWING. I move to strike out the words
"and lay the same before Congress at the next
session," and to insert in lieu thereof the follow-
ing:
And by and with the approval of the President to enter
into a contract with one or more such individuals or asso-
ciations, by which the credit of the United States may be
given to paid contractors in an amount not exceeding
$30,01*0,000, and for which consideration the mails, troops,
and munitions of war of the United States are to be trans-
ported forever free of charge over said road.
It will be perceived that my amendment is a
continuation of the words, "And the Secretary
of War is hereby authorized and required to re-
ceive proposals, and so forth. I offer the amend-
ment as providing for a military work. I perceive
in this bill, among other similar propositions, one
proposing to expend $500,000 for the defense of
San Francisco. Now, 1 conceive this to be not
only more important for the defense of San Fran-
cisco and of California, but to be absolutely indis-
Fensable for its defense. There is a company, as
have understood, ready and willing to build the
road upon these terms—a company composed of
a number of the first capitalists and the most emi-
nent men in the Union—certain bonds to be issued
by the Government, upon the completion of each
fifty miles of the road, which remains as security
for every bond issued. Thus we should receive
within a few years for this Government service, to
the value of at least $100,000,000, paying as we
do almost a million and a quarter for the transpor-
tation of our mails between the Pacific coast and
the Atlantic, besides the immense outlay necessary
for the transportation of our troops and munitions
of war. Sir, in the short time allotted to me,
