1808.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
it would be idle to think of discussing the ad van-
tayrs of this project. I wish only to test the sense
or the committee with regard to it, and I hope and |
expect some action upon this subject, if not now, at !
least at some future time. I believe this to be the
only feasible plan ever proposed for the building
of the road. The Government will have the least
possible connection with the work, having nothing
to do with it but to issue bonds which the contract-
ors will be bound to redeem, principal and interest,
and no share or interest in the road except the
risrht to have the mails, troops, and munitions of
war transported over it free of charge. The Uni-
ted States can only have this road built as a mili-
tary work essentia] to the defense of one portion
of this Confederacy so far removed that we must
now actually traverse foreign countries to get at it.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I am opposed to
the amendment 
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to inquire of theChair
if the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Ewinc] is not out of order?
[Criee of "Too late!"]
Mr. DAWSON. It is not too late. There has
been no vote upon the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
is not in order.
Mr. DAWSON. It is a distinct proposition,
proposing a contract for the construction of the
road. The section as it now stands provides merely
for the making of surveys to elicit information.
Mr. EWING. Is it not too late to raise the
question of order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not too late, for the
amendment has not been acted on.
Mr. EWING. This is a military work, and
must therefore be in order in this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
is not in order.
Mr. BAYLY. I obtained the floor to oppose
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendmenthas been
ruled out of order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 would ask the
Chair if 14 wilt be "in order, after the question has
been taken on the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia, to move an amendment to the pre-
ceding part of the section ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair entertains the
opinion that the whole section is one entire amend-
ment, and that it wiH be in order, after taking the
question upon the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia, to move other amendments.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, sir, I move to strike
out the word "individual."
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to perfect,that part of the section that the
gentleman from Virginia moves to strike out?
Mr. JOHNSON. Exactly.
The CHAIRMAN. That is in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. "Well, sir, I submit that
amendment, and I do it for the purpose of calling
the attention of the committee to the fact, that
when we have authorized the reception of propo-
sals for the construction of this road, we have, in
some measure, committed ourselves to the under-
taking, and it is a Government project. And,
sir, when we in some measure commit ourselves
to the undertaking, we at once signify to those
enterprising parties in the United States, who
wish themselves to undertake the work, that they
must arrest theircnovements, and wait until they
have seen the result pf these bids when made to
Congress, and the action of Congress upon them.
Under these circumstances, I am opposed to the
whole section. But if we are to adopt it, I desire
to know whether or not you are prepared to coun-
tenance the idea that any ohe individual shall be
allowed to come forward and make proposals for
the whole of this vast enterprise, and that this
Government will grant him such immense power
as that of erecting a railroad from one ocean to
the other ?
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Arkansas.
Sir, I am surprised at remarks which have been
made from the side of the House to which I be-
long. What authority have we to make this
road ? What Democrat upon this side of the
House, who is committed against a general sys-
tem of internal improvements, will go for it? If,
we have no authority to make the road, what right
have we to make a survey preliminary to its con-;
Struction ? What is that survey to be made for at
Government expense, if it is not to be followed
up by other action ? Cut kono ? As a matter of
curiosity ? What member of Congress will un-
dertake to put his vote upon any such ground as
that ? Why is the survey to be made unless it is
to be followed up by an appropriation to construct
the road ? Have we a right to make a survey for
the use of individuals ?
Mr. MEADE. I call my colleague to order.
He is discussing the previous sections of the bill,
which have been already acted upon by the com-
mittee.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia must confine his remarks to the amendment
of the gentleman from Arkansas.
Mr. BAYLY. I happen to understand that,
and I fancy that I am doing that very thing. I am
showing that we have no authority whatever to
make this survey, unless we have authority to
follow it up by an appropriation to make the road.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 hope my hon-
orable friend does not mean to represent me as
advocating the building of this road by the Gov-
ernment, in the few remarks which 1 made just
now. Whatever my opinion might be upon that
point, I did not do bo.
Mr. BAYLY. I am sorry my friend thought
it necessary to interrupt me to say that. I referred
to those who had expressed an opinion. I desire
to state one or two distinctions which are apposite
to this,precise point. 1 never have disputed—and
1 do not know anybody else who has disputed—
the authority of Congress to make appropriations
for roads and improvements in the Territories for
territorial purposes. But does anybody pretend to
say that this survey, which involves, as I. have
already shown, by a necessary consequence, an
appropriation—does anybody pretend to say that
this road to the Pacific is designed for territorial
local purposes ? If there be one man who can get
up here, and tell me that he means it for territorial
purposes, then, so far as that individual is con-
. cerned, 1 make no point with him. But it is no-
torious here, that it is not designed for territorial
purposes. It is designed as a general system of
internal improvement, to connect a Slate of ours
, on the Pacific with the Stales upon the Atlantic. It
i is the States we are looking to, and therefore our
. territorial power does not confer the power to
' make the appropriation at all. I cannot conceive
of anything more palpably unconstitutional than
- the introduction of any such system. What does
it amount to, to deny the power of this Government
to enter into a general system of internal improve-
ments if, under the plea of legislating for a Terri-
tory, we may connect distant States of the Union
: by a general, emphatically a general, system of
internal improvements?_ Sir, you can-no more,
under the cover of legislating ior the Territories,
introduce « system of th  sort than you can, un-
der the cover ojf your authority to legislate for this
District, establish a general bank—a bank of the
United States. This road, if made by us, will be
a road of the United States, and not a territorial
road.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 move that the commit-
tee rise, with a view of stopping debate upon this
section.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Oh, no. A
portion of the section has not been noticed at all.
Mr. SACKETT. I desire to amend the first
part of the section.
Mr. CLINGMAN.
I insist upon my motion
1 demand tellers upon that
to rise.
_ Mr* CARTTER.
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Breckin-
ridge, and Campbell of Illinois, were appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 80, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.har-
bis of Tennessee) reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the state of the Union gener-
ally, and particularly the amendments of the Sen-
ate to House bill No. 336," making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1854," and had come to no res-
olution thereon.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer a resolution suspending
debate under the five-minutes rule on the thirty-
seventh amendment of the Senate to the Army
appropriation bill, being the seventeenth section
of said bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I object.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I move to suspend
the rules.
Mr. ORR. I submit that it is not necessary to
move to suspend the rules to enable the gentleman
to offer his resolution. The question can be taken
upon the motion to suspend the five-minutes rule.
Mr. DEAN. I demand the yeas and nays.
[Loud and general cries of" No!" "No!"]
Mr. DEAN. I withdraw the call.
Mr. MACE. I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to, and the House
refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon Mr. Clinoman's
motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I demand the
yeas and nays. The first part of the section 
[Loud cries of" Order!"]
Mr. DEAN. I call for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House was then divided on Mr. Clino-
man's motion, and there were—ayes 98, noes 22.
So (two-thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended, and Mr. Cungman's motion was
agreed to.
Mr. ORR. I move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resoWed itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Harris of Ten-
nessee in the chair,) and resumed the considera-
tion of the amendments of the Senate to the Army
appropriation bill.
The question pending was on the amendment
of Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 desire to further
amend the seventeenth section.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] to strike
out all after the word " object," is still pending.
Mr. MEADE called for tellers; but they were
not ordered..
Th? question was taken, and the amendment
was'not agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY. I now move to strike out all'
after the word "surveys,"in the second line of
the seventeenth section, comprising the following
words:
" The engineers and other persona employed under the
authority of this act may be directed to act in concert with
uiy engineers employed by any individual or individuals,
association m associations, for the same general object;
■ad ih  S*er«tary of War t« hereby authorised and re-
paired X.itWWr.ptOfWWUe float, individual* or associa-
tions fttr the feonstrncmn -of a railroad ItetwWs* toe valley
of the Mississippi «nd the Pacite ocean, sail My the tame
before Congress at the tieit session."
Mr. SACKETT. I wish to amend the part
proposed to be stricken out, I ask the Chair if
it is not in order to amend that portion of the
amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. SACKETT. I desire to strike out after
the word "-that," in the first line, and 
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to amend
by striking out anything except what is in the
! portion of the section proposed to be stricken
out.
i Mr. SACKETT. My amendment covers a
j portion of the words proposed to be stricken out
1 by the gentleman from Virginia, and I desire that
it should be voted on by the committee before
these words are stricken out.
A Member. We will vote that amendment
down, and then you can offer yours.
The-CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides, that
if the amendment of the gentleman frtop New
York proposes to strike out any portion ;of the
section which is not in that portion pi®mosed to
be stricken out by the gentleman from Virginia,
it is not in order. The gentleman from Virginia
proposes to strike out ail after the word "surveys"
in the second line of- the section down to and in-
cluding the word " object." Does the gentleman
from New York propose to confine his amend-
ment within that portion of the section ?
