1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I expected—a bargain. Mr. Chairman, I had no
doubt, when I heard this amendment from the
Senate, that there would be a bargain made be-
tween these people before the matter ended. I had
no question of it: and now I hear it announced
publicly upon this floor. Sir, I am opposed to
this bargain, in the beginning and in the end.
I am utterly opposed to the amendment of the
gentleman from North Carolina, and to the entire
Senate amendment.
Mr. STANLY. If the gentleman intends to
say there has been any bargain on my part, I
should like to have him make the charge distinct-
ly. I have no knowledge of any bargain at all.
Mr. STEPHENS. I made no statement with
regard to the gentleman's bargain. I say his prop-
osition covers up a bargain, and I am against it;
that is what I say. Sir, of all the monstrous
propositions the Senate has attached to this bill,
this last forms the climax in its monstrosity. I
repeat, I am against the whole of it. I am op-
posed to squandering the public money in such a
way. The Constitution of the United States pre-
scribes the mode by which discoveries and inven-
tions may be rewarded by patent. The genius of
the country is amply protected by the Constitution
and by your laws; and I am utterly opposed to
opening the public Treasury for rewarding any
discovery, however important it may be.
The question was then upon the amendment of
Mr. Stanly.
Mr. MEADE. I propose a former section in
the Senate amendment. I move to strike out
"$100,000" in the 22d sectionand to insert |99,000.
The section would then read:
££ Sec. 22. Jind be if further enacted, That the sum of
$99,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be
paid by the Secretary of the Treasury as hereinafter pro-
vided, as a recompense for said discovery and the use and
benefit thereof by the Government and people of the United
Stales."
Mr. Chairman, I had prepared an amendment I
similar to the one offered by the gentleman from
North Carolina, without ever having known that
it would be acceptable to either of these parties,
and without ever having conferred with either of
them in relation to it. My amendment was framed
in consequence of the division of opinion which
existed in the committee to which it was referred as
to who was properly entitled to the credit of the
discovery. If the facts set forth by the minority
of that committee are true, Dr. Jackson is entitled
to the discovery; and if the facts set forth in the
majority make the correct statement of the case,
then Morton is entitled to it. I understand the
Academy of Arts and Sciences in Paris, has
awarded to each of these gentlemen a medal, and
my own opinion is, that they are both entitled to
some credit; Dr. Jackson having originated the
idea and Morton having carried it out.
Now, sir, there are two questions presented to
this committee: First, Is the invention worth
paying for, and is it sufficiently valuable to author-
ize this Congress to pay #100,000 for the use of it
for the Army and Navy ? Then it is for us to de-
cide, if we are to pay the money, to whom we are
to pay it, and if to more than one, in what propor-
tions. There is no doubt that somebody has made
the invention, and that somebody ought to receive
pay for it. I think the amendment of the gentle-
man from North Carolina is a proper amendment,
and will do justice to all parties. I had prepared
one similar to it, with the purpose of effecting jus-
tice between these two parties.
Mr. BEALE. What obligation have we to
pay them ?
Mr. MEADE. I say somebody has made this
discovery, and I presume no one will deny that
one of the parties named in this bill is the person.
The only question, therefore, for this committee to
decide is, whether we shall buy it at all; and if so,
whether we shall provide in this bill for paying
those to whom the credit is due ?
Mr. HALL. I want these parties to keep the
credit and the ether too. We do not want iL
Mr. MEADE. That is a distinct question
which is for this committee to decide. But if they
decide to buy, it is for them to decide whether
they will vote the compensation to one of the per-
sons named in this bill, or whether they will divide
it among them in proportion to the credit due to
each one. If more than one is entitled to it I
presume no one will object to that. If the com-
mittee decide to purchase the invention, why do
March 1,
gentlemen object to a fair distribution of the money
to all who are entitled to the credit of the discov-
ery?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I will tell the
gentleman why I am utterly opposed to it. These
people have each set up a claim as the sole dis-
coverer. But, you perceive they are both willing
to change their claims without regard to honor—it
will all merge in " the dollar." Dr. Jackson will
immediately withdraw, if it is necessary, in favor
of Morton; or Morton will withdraw in favor of
Dr. Jackson, and then the $100,000 will go, as a
matter of course, and let honor take care of itself.
Mr. MEADE. Well, sir, what concern is that
of ours? If we determine to pay $100,000 for the
patent, what concern is it to us what is done with
the distribution of the money after we have paid
it to the one to whom the credit of the discovery
is due ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I am not willing to pay
$100,000 to any of these persons for this discov-
ery, either to one or all of them. If the discovery
is important to the Government, let the Govern-
ment pay for the use of this patent as they do for
any other patent. I am opposed to paying money
directly out of the Treasury to these men.
Mr. MEADE. That is legitimate argument,
but I think the other objection which the gentle-
man from Georgia brought against this proposi-
tion cannot be properly applied to our action in
this House.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. When the Chair enter-
tained the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Meade,] he was of the opinion that ,
the amendment of the Senate was divisible; but |
upon examination, he entertains a different opin- i
i ion. The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. j
Stanly] offered an amendment to the Senate I
amendment, and but one amendment can bepend- j
ing to that amendment. The Chair decides that
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Virginia could not be entertained, and the ques-
tion will therefore now be upon the adoption of
the amendment of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina. j
Mr. MEADE. Is it not in order to offer an
amendment to a different section ? j
The CHAIRMAN. It will be in order when
the amendment of the gentleman from North Car- |
olina is disposed of, and not till then.,
Mr. STANLY. Will it be in order to modify
my amendment so as to provide that the expense
shall not exceed $100,000?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order for the gen-
tleman to modify his amendment, but not to de-
bate the modification.
Mr. STANLY. Then I will not modify it.
The question was then taken, and Mr. Stanly's
amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I move to in-
crease the appropriation from $100,000 to $101,000.
Mr. Chairman, I entertain a different view in
relation to the subject of this amendment, from that
expressed by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens.] That distinguished gentleman has
told us that these parties have their constitu-
tional rights secured to them by virtue of a patent.
So they have; but here is a discovery which the
whole scientific world has admitted to be of great
value, and which this Congress admits to be val-
uable, not only to the Government in its govern-
mental capacity, but to the citizens of the country.
A Member. Very doubtful.
Mr. BROWN. A gentlemen says it is doubt-
ful. Well, sir, that is easier said than proved.
Mr. HALL. Will the gentleman tell me in
what respect this discovery is valuable to the
Government in " obstetrical operations ?" [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BROWN. I hope the gentleman will at-
tend to his own affairs and not interrupt me. Sir,
this Government is in the habit of using this dis-
covery in all its ships, and in all its forts and mil-
itary stations upon its frontier. There is not a
surgeon in your Army or Navy who is not in the
habit'of using it. Now, I want to know upon what
authority this Government seizes upon a discov-
ery of this kind, and appropriates it as they have
this discovery, without compensating the owner
of it? Sir, this is private property. Some one has J
made the discovery, and he is entitled to his com-
pensation for it. The action of the Government !
has been such as to destroy the value of the pat-1
ent, and I insist that we should make a suitable
return.
I care not what other gentlemen may do in this
matter. I have a sense of justice connected with
it, and whatever may be the course of others, I
i shall vote according to that sense of justice. By
what principle of right do you seize upon private
property and appropriate it to public uses with-
out compensating the owner of it ? In this you
violate a constitutional right. You have done it
i and you do it every day. You did it in the war
: j with Mexico, and you do it in all your arsenals
and hospitals, and wherever there exists the ne-
j cessity of performing surgical operations. It is
against this conduct that the patentee protests,
and he comes to this Congress and asks protection
against such acts. Gentlemen may raise a clamor
, about it, and you may refuse to do justice, but
when you do that, I say upon my conscience I
believe you violate a constitutional right of this
man. You have not respected his patent, and you
do not respect it now.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOODWARD. I am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Mississippi. I
deny that the United States have used this patent.
You may as well say that the United States uses
the patented jack-plane which is in the hands of
the carpenters upon your public works. We em-
' ploy a physician, and he gets his own medicines,
j He gets them from science, and is responsible for
it. It is not our medicine any more than are the
tools those stone-masons use in building the Cap-
itol.
J j Another thing: this Congress cannot give juris-
i I diction of the ease. It may determine the limits
! of the jurisdiction of an officer, but what cases the
Federal courts shall have jurisdiction of is determ-
ined by the Constitution of the United States.
Now, what is the proposition here? Is this a case
coming under the law ? No. Your law in rela-
tion to patents is overlooked, and you are asked
to make a law for this particular case. We are
called upon by two men, who might resort to
your judicial tribunals and have their rights set-
tled, to make a law suitable to their particular
case, and not a law for the country. Congress is
called upon to issue an original writ to call the
parties into court and have their rights decided.
Now, sir, are not Doctors Morton and Jackson
citizens of the same State ? What right have we
to create a jurisdiction of a particular case when
they belong to the same State ? We have no right.
The Constitution has described the cases, and de-
scribed the parties in every instance, and the juris-
diction of the Federal courts over them. We can
do nothing but determine the territorial limits
within which this or that particular officer may act.
Now, let these parties pursue their rights accord-
ing to existing laws. Let the patentee prosecute
his right, if his patent is violated. I deny that
this Government has done it. If your surgeons
have, they are responsible for it individually. I
hold that a surgeon in the employment of the
United States, is responsible for violating a patent
right, in relation to medicine, and his being in our
service would not exempt hira from liability; and
I say let these parties go into court, and there de-
termine their rights.
In my opinion, the Federal courts will decline
to take jurisdiction of any such writ as you would
require them to by the passage of this act. They
ought to do it, because there is no such writ au-
thorized by the supreme law of the land.
I am opposed to the amendment, and the HMl,
too, with or without amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Mississippi.
Mr. BROWN. I withdraw it, by unanimous
consent.
Mr. SKELTON. I object to the withdrawal
of it.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and it was disagreed to.
^r- HALL. I move to reduce the amount to
^999. I am utterly opposed to this proposition,
iiin nothing more nor less, as I understand it, than
the old proposition io buy the patent right. If
Doctor Morton, who has Keen trying to soften the
consciences and hearts of members of Congress for
the last month, by keeping good things alt around
this Capitol, or if Doctor Jackson, or Doctor Wells,
or any other doctor, has a patent right, let him fix
his price for the use of it in every individual case,
