1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
The question was taken and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committeeof the Whole on thestate of the Union,
(Mr. Harris of Tennessee in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. S TEPHENS. I will withdraw my amend-
ment so that we may have a direct vote on the
proposition.
Mr. FITCH. [ propose the following amend-
ment by way of addition:
Provided further, That if, in the opinion of the said
circuit court til" the United Slates for the northern distiict
ol New York, or of the Supreme Court of the United States,
the t-aid recompense should be divided, lliecourt then shall
have power to direct ihe said sum of .$11)0,00(1 to he paid to
one or more of the parties above named, in such proportions
as, according to the judgment of the court, uiav be due to
their respective merits in connection with said discovery.
If the courtesy had been extend-d to a member
of the Select Committee having this subject in
charge, I should like to have debated this subject.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not know
who were the members of the Select Committee.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the Senate.
Mr. DEAN. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hall and
Wilcox were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment of the Senate was non-concurred in; the tell-
ers having reported—ayes 44, noes 85.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill.
Mr. DUNCAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to take up House bill No. 362, providing for the
light-houses, &c. ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot yield.
The question was taken upon Mr. Houston's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the state
of the Union generally, and especially Senate
amendments to House bill No. 336, and had or-
dered him to report back the same to the House,
some with a recommendation that they do pass,
and sundry others with a recommendation that
they do not pass.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I move that this House
do now adjourn.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I would ask
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] not
to press a vote upon these amendments, but let us
go back into Committee of the Whole upon the
light-house bill. It is very important that we
should proceed to the consideration of that bill.
The SPEAKER. That can be done only by
unanimous consent, inasmuch as the main question
has been ordered to be put.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose we can go thus
far. We can take the vote of the House upon
the uncontested amendments, and leave the con-
tested ones to be voted upon to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. If it be the pleasure of the
House, I would suggest that gentlemen should
point out the amendments upon which a separate
vote is desired.
Mr. ORR. I ask for the reading of the amend-
ments.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose that
gentlemen who wish separate votes can designate
them, and those upon which a separate vote is not
asked can be voted upon in the mass.
The SPEAKER. The Chair made that prop-
osition, but the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Orr] opposed it, and insisted upon the read-
ing of the amendments.
Mr. ORR.. There are two or three amendments
upon which I desire a separate vote. I cannot re-
cur to them at this moment.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask a separate vote upon
the section relating to Harper's Perry.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the reading of
the entire amendments.
Mr. FREEMAN. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, I move to dispense
with the reading of the amendments upon which
separate votes have not been asked.
Mr. STANLY. I cailfora separate voteupon
every amendment.
I Mr. BAYLY. Then I withdraw my motion.
; Separate votes were demanded upon several
amendments.
The question was taken upon concurring in the
action of the Committee of the Whole on the 3tate
of the Union on the amendments upon which sep-
arate votes had not been asked, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. The question now will be
taken upon the amendments upon which a sepa-
rate vote has been asked; and the first one in order
is the following:
" For the remounting of the four companies of light artil-
lery authorized by the act of March 3, 1847, $18,50(1 : Pro-
vided, That the same be expended at the discretion and by
direction of the President of the United States."
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment in order was the follow-
ing:
" For the defense of San Francisco, California, $500,000."
Mr. MARSHALL demanded the yeas and
nays.
! There being only 27 rising in the affirmative,
! they were not ordered.
i Mr. DEAN. Count the other side.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
the House adjourn.
Mr. MARSHALL. If an adjournment takes
place now, can I bring this question up the first
thing to-morrow ? I ask merely for information.
The SPEAKER. It will be the business first
in order.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask this question be-
cause when I see any thing disappear in this House,
I never see it again. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEPHENS. I will withdraw my motion
to adjourn, if the House will agree to take up the
light-house bill.
There was objection; and the question was put
on the motion to adjourn, and agreed to.
The House accordingly adjourned till to-mor-
row morning at eleven o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 2, 1853.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the reading of
the Journal was dispensed with.
I REPORTS FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance
has directed me to report back the Indian appro-
priation bill, with ame'ndments; and also the naval
appropriation bill, to which it has made no amend-
ments. It has determined at this late hour of the
session to make no question, unless it is absolutely
necessary.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the bill from the House
of Representatives " making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1854;" thepend-
ing question being on the amendment of Mr.
Walker to the amendment of Mr. Felch.
Mr. WALKER. My impression is, that con-
sidering the position in which the Committee on
Finance is placed, the amendment ought to be
withdrawn. If, therefore, the Senator from
Michigan will withdraw his amendment, I will
withdraw mine.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will be withdrawn
by general consent.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from Michigan
is not here.
Mr. JAMES. By unanimous consent, I ask
the Senate to make an amendment to an amend-
ment which was presented by the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] and agreed to by the
Senate. I desire merely to make a verbal amend-
ment to render it plain and intelligible. It is to
insert in the amendment in regard to the spinning
and weaving of flax, before the word "spinning "
the word "preparing."
Mr. HUNTER. There is no objection to that.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask for the reading of
the amendment.
| Mr. HUNTER. I can explain to the Senator
that it relaies to a manufacture which is carried on
! in Philadelphia. It exempts new machinery in
the manufacture for the spinning and weaving;
the Senator from Rhode Island has suggested that
it would be better to add, " and for preparing."
Mr. COOPER. That is right.
Mr. BORLAN D. I cannot see but what there
is something to be said on this subject. I am un-
willing to raise any unnecessary objection, but I
cannot give unanimous consent.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope, then, that the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island will withdraw his amend-
ment and not delay us with the bill,
i Mr. JAMES. I will not delay the Senate. All
I want is a vote; I have nothing to say upon the
question.
Mr. BORLAND. I am sorry to do it, but I
must discuss the proposition. The introduction
of the word " preparing " changes the whole
character of the provision. I object to it for the
reason that it proposes to discriminate between
the machinery which is to be used in theprepara-
! tion, spinning, and weaving of flax, and any other
machinery. I do not see any reason why we
jj should make the discrimination.
I Mr. BRODHEAD. It is already in the bill.
Mr. BORLAND. But this enlarges it. It
mo ethan doubles it. If the Senate is prepared
j to make this discrimination in favor of this par-
ticular machinery, and not for the machineiy
used in the manufacture of cotton, let it do so. I,
I for one, am unwilling to do it. Cotton is the
j staple production of the country in which I live.
) I move to amend by adding after " flax " " and
J cotton."
I Mr. JAMES. I have no objection to that.
! Mr. GWIN. I have.
I Mr. WELLER. That will not do.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from
Rhode Island will withdraw his proposition,
i Mr. JAMES. I have not a word to say, if we
' can have a vote.
Mr. HUNTER. We cannot get a vote. The
Senator from Arkansas will move amendments.
Mr. BORLAND. I have no more to say but
to ask the vote on my amendment to the amend-
ment.
The amendmentto the amendment was rejected;
and the question recurring on the amendment, it
was agreed to by a vote, on a division, of ayes 18,
noes 17.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) The question now is upon the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
| Walker] to the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Felch.]
The amendment is as follows:
That within each ofthe several States containing t^e pub-
lic domain ofthe United States, where railroads are author-
ized by the laws of said States, respectively, to be construct-
ed, which said railroads will run through any portion ofthe
said d iinain remaining unsold within six miles ofthe routes
of said several railroads before mentioned, there is hereby
reserved from sale, entry, or location, until otherwise di-
rected by Congress, said six miles, being six sections on
each side of said railroads,throughout the entire routes th ere-
ct. so far as authorized by said laws of said several States,
respectively; which said lands so reserved shall be set apart
by the Secretary ofthe Interior at the earliest practicable
period, in conformity with the route running from, through,
or to the points designated in the laws of said States, re-
spectively, but subject to correction upon the plats of survey
furnished by the par ies authorized by the said several
States, respectively, at any tune before the first Monday in
November next, said Secretary deviatingin no respect from
the routes and points designated in the laws of said States,
respectively, nr the provision of this act ol Congress: Provi-
ded. That nothing herein contained shall in any way impair,
limit, or affect the light of any actual settler who may have
heretofore settled nn any of said land", and who would
have acquired a title to the same under any existing law of
Congress. The Secretary of the Interior, so far as author-
ized by any existing law of Congress, be, arid he is hereby,
directcd to complete the surveys of public lands, as soon as
practicable, to the extent reserved as aforesaid on each side
ot «aid railroad*; the said Secretary of the Interior report-
ing his proceedings to Congress at the commencement of its
next session, and for such action, at their discretion, as
they may direct in relation to ail of said lands so reserved
as aforesaid, and this provision shall also apply to the routes
described in the hills providing for the grants of alternate
sections for the construction ofa road along the same which
have passed either House ofthe present Congress.
The amendment to the amendment is to add to
it the following:
