1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1007
Ptvi idtJ also. That the provisions of this section shall 11
not be jpptieaWe to any person who shall desire to buy, en •
lor. or hvat * anv of said lands, tor the purpose of hi* or her
p?r$*n:U settlement and cultivation or occupation, said pur
po e to be ascertained by the oath of the persons seeking
to make Mioh purchase, e«tr\, or location.
Mr. HUNTER. L appeal to the Senator from
Michigan to withdraw his amendment. It will
evidently give rise to debate.
Mr. FELCH. 1 think not. I explained the
matter last night. 1 merely ask a vote.
Mr. HUNTER. It is manifestly improper to
put surii a thing on an appropriation bill at any
time, if we hsd a fortnight before us; and it is
more improper when we have but two working
days.
Sir. BORLAND. The amendment is an im-
portant one, and one to which I can conceive of no
objection. It is important to the western States.
Mr. RUSK. It is manifestly just in every
sense of the word. It is one of the most import-
ant amendments that has been offered.
Mr. WALKER. The amendment to the amend-
ment is simply to protect the right to settle on
the public lands for their cultivation; and to make
the amendment perfect it ought to be adopted.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The Committee on Pub-
he Lands—and I think very properly—agreed to
report the amendment offered by the Senator from
Michigan. It meets my cordial approbation. But
now the Senator from Wisconsin comes in with a
speculative section—perfectly so—a section which
ought never to go in this bill. What is that sec-
tion compared with the original proposition of the
Committee on Public Lands? It is this: That
when the Committee on Public Lands has recom-
mended the saving of six miles on each side of
the various railroads, the Senator from Wisconsin
proposes that anybody who will swear that he in-
tends to settle without saying when—whether fifty
or a hundred years hence, if he should live so
long—may get his land warrant, and take up any
of those sections of land. It is dependent entirely
upon his oath. If he swears that he has an inten-
tion to settle, without limitation as to the time, he
is authorized to take up the land. Then, sir, any-
body may go and settle upon the whole of it up to
the railroad, and get a preemption by that settle-
ment. My object has been to reserve all these lands
with the view of helping to make the railroads,
but the amendment of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin will effectually defeat that object. Listen to
it:
" Provided alto, That the provisions of this section shall
not be applicable to any person who shall desire to buy"—
That is, not who shall desire to settle, but—
—" who shall desire to buy, enter or locate any of said
land-4 P>r the purpose of hi* or her personal settlement, and
cultivation or occupation" 
When? Fifty years, or one year hence? Nobody
knows.
—" said purpo«e to be ascertained by the oath of the persons
seeking to make such purchase, entry, or location.,r
I have done.
Mr. WALKER. The Senator from Kentucky
charges me with coming forward with a specula-
tive amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I did not charge you
with having intended it as such, but I charge the
amendment as having that effect.
Mr. WALKER. Whether it is against me or
the amendment, it is gratuitous and uncalled for,
for it is not the fact. That amendment is to pro-
tect my State for one, and as long as I occupy a
seat here, I shall exercise my duty in my own
way, without consulting the Senator from Ken-
tucky as to the rights which Wisconsin demands.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not ask you to do
it.
Mr. WALKER. Sir, I presume that there is
no one man on the face of the earth who knows
the number of railroads that have been in Wis-
consin carved out of the six miles wide on each
side of them, until there cannot another emigrant
enter the State, and buy and settle the best land;
and I find myself forced to do—what? Why,
here is a speculation truly in favor of railroad
corporations, and I find myself in the predicament
to fight the enormity of this thing, to come for-
ward with a proposition to put my constituents,
and those who may be disposed to settle there,
tinder their oath that they are going personally to
settle upon and cultivate the land. That is the
humiliation to which I am reduced to resist this
tornado of speculation that is thrown upon us.
The Senator from Kentucky talk about me offer-
ing a section for speculation! It comes with ill
grace from that Senator. lie is the one who tried
to get the tloor to move to take up Bennett's land
bill, to put some twenty-five or thirty thousand
miles of railroad upon the public land, and deprive
the honest laboring yeomanry of this country of
the power to cultivate the country; and he talks
about my coming for speculative purposes with
this amendment. For God's sake, if you adopt
the amendment which the Senator from Kentucky
seems to ndvocate with so much zeal, let me have
inserted in it " except Wisconsin."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I said distinctly to the
Senator, before he commenced his very angry ob-
servations, that I did not apply my remarks to
him personally, but that 1 characterized his amend-
ment as being one which would favor speculation.
Having done that, I have done towards the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin everything that I think a
gentleman ought to do.
Mr. President, I wish that gentleman, and every
other gentleman from a land-holding State, to
know that I claim for the people of the country
as much interest in this public domain as any one
of them can claim; and in reference to my move-
ment, from the commencement of this Congress
to this day, upon the subject of the public lands,
I have only been disposed to adopt that policy
which shall do justice to all the Slates of the Union.
1 am as much in favor of the settlement of the
public lands as any one; but I am not in favor of
us being done upon the principle of the " vote
yourselves a farm" policy. I am not in favor of
settling them upon the principle of discriminating
between the rich and poor, and thereby making a
discrimination in society by patronizing the poor.
Sir, I have been a poor man myself. I can speak
to the poor, because I know how to sympathize
with them; and 1 know that any poor tnan in this
country who is willing to labor, who is willing to
ask protection for that labor, and nothing more,
can rise to distinction, to wealth; but when he
comes here in the attitude of a beggar, asking
Congress to parcel out the lands to him as a gra-
tuity , upon the pretense that agriculture is entitled
to a gratuity from the Government—when, accord-
ing to the doctrine of some of these gentlemen, to
offer the least kind of protection to domestic man-
ufacture in the country becomes unconstitutional,
while they can vote it to the agricultural portion
of the community, because it is numerous—I am
averse to it. I wish we had time to take up the
homestead bill, and Bennett's land bill, and in their
discussion we would see who is the real friend of
the poor, and of the wholecountry. If you make
a distinction between classes, and if one class
comes and begs charity at your doors, when you
cease to be able to meet their wants, they will de-
mand agrarian ism, an equal partition of the coun-
, try, ana if they cannot get it here, they will go
elsewhere to get it.
I am willing to meet the gentleman at any time
upon all these points. I characterized hisaniend-
ment as speculative. I have not attributed spec-
ulation to him personally. I characterized it in
that way, because it puts it in the power of every-
body who will swear that he intends at someday
to make a settlement, without saying whether
twenty, thirty, or fifty years hence, to buy the
land, and to buy as much of it as he pleases. It
does not limit him to one quarter of a section; if
he will take the oath he may buy section after sec-
tion, and township after township. Where is the
limitation in the amendment? There is n"ne.
And, sir, because I called the attention of the Sen-
ate to these things, which may be converted into
speculative purposes, whereby a man who has
money may get whole townships of land, if he
swears that he intends to settle on them some day,
the gentleman gets into a passion, when I said ex-
; pressly that I did not apply my remarks to him
personally.
Mr. HUNTER. I regret to find that upon the
civil and diplomatic bill we are about to embark
in the homestead debate. I believe we have al-
! ready had upon it every subject of controversy
I which has existed in the country during the last
quarter of a century, except the Wilmot proviso
and the Monroe doctrine, and I expect to see both
of them moved before night.
Mr. WALKER. The provision of my amend-
ment is almost in the terms of the act of 1831, I
believe it was, which made provision for the entry
of forty acre tracts. This means that when a per-
son desires to purchase he shnll testify that it is
for his own settlement and cultivation. Regula-
tions in regard to it will be established by the
Land Office, and he could not, of course, evade
this proposition. It is, in point of fact, but to pro-
tect those who wish to move into the Stales, and
buy land, and settle upon it; and iliey are to swear
that such is their purpose. 1 cannot see that the
amendment is amenable to the charge made against
it. That was not its intention—it is not its pro-
vision. But if it be the sense of the Senate, let it
be voted down. If these lands are to be reserved
for railroad purposes without an oath,and the set-
tler cannot go upon them and buy a piece of land
for cultivation, let the Congress of the United
States say so.
Mr. FELCH. I would suggest to the Senator
from Wisconsin that the interpolation of a single
word would perhaps obviate the difficulty of the
Senator from Kentucky. It is to insert the word
" immediate," before the word " settlement." I
presume the Senntor will not object to that.
Mr. WALKER. I am not disposed to object
to anything. There seems to be a determination
to lake the lands from actual settlement, and let
that word " immediate" go in.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to make an inquiry of
the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands,
who reported the amendment. I wish to see
whether I understand its design. If I understand
it it is to withdraw the alternate sections reserved
to the Government. Does it apply only to the
places where no railroad companies have been
organized, and nothing done?
Mr. FELCH. It applies to the cases where rail-
roads running through a portion of the public do-
main, are provided for by the States by charters
usually,and also to roads described in bills which
have passed the Senate and gone to the House,
and not been acted upon there. It reserves until the
next session of Congress for thoseStates simply a
strip of six miles wide on each side of the roads, so
that we may see what the action of Congress may
be on the subject at the next session. They have
already granted to five out of the twelve land
States alternate sections for railroads; and they
have refused, or have neglected rather, and not
acted upon the bills for the other States. We sim-
ply ask this, that we may be permitted not to
have the land along the line of the known routes
of these roads interfered with by speculators taking
them up by bounty land and other warrants now
in operation, in anticipation of the roads being
made. We know it is a matter of fact that there
is a combination of men buying up these warrants
at this time, and locating them along the line of
the roads; and we trust Congress will, at the next
session, do justice to the new States which have
not been provided for, and now merely reserve to
us the right to come in at the next session, and
make another appeal to Congress to do the same
justice to us which has been done with the five
States already provided for. In the mean time let
us remain as we are, and do nothing, only do not
let the speculators take up the land; so that when
you are disposed to grant us the land for railroads,
you may do so. This is all there is about it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD called for the yeas and
nays on the amendment to the amendment, and
they were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. I am in favor of the principle of
the amendment to the amendment, and on u proper
occasion I will vote for it; but if it is attached to
this amendment, it will kill the whole concern.
Mr. HALE. What is the tenor of the amend-
ment to the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read.
The amendment was accordingly read.
Mr. WALKER. It is simply to protect the
actual settlers in the States.
Mr. HALE. I am for that.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—
yeas 30, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Borland,
Bradbury, Bright, Brodhead, Cass, Chase, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Dodge of Iowa, Dnunlas, Downs, Felcli, Fitzpat-
riok, Geyer, Gwin. Hale, Hamlin, Houston, James, Jones
of Iowa, Mallory, Petlit, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Sum-
ner, Toucev, and Walker— 31).
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Charlton, Cooper, Davis,
Dawson, Foot, Hunter. Jones of Tennessee,Maiicum,
Miller,Morton, Norris, Pearce, Pratt, Rusk, Sniilll, Soul4,
Spruance, and Underwood—20.
So the amendment to the anmendment was
agreed to.
