1008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
Mr. HALE. To make the amendment right,
and to meet the difficulty of the Senator from
Kentucky, I propose to modify it, and to insert af-
ter the word " lands," the words " not exceeding
one hundred and sixty acres each;" so that the
proviso which has just been adopted shall read:
ftProvided also, That the provisions of this section shall
not be applicable to any person who shall desire to buy,
enter, or locate, any of the said lands, to an amount not ex-
ceeding one hundred and sixty acres each, for the purpose
of his or her personal settlement," &c.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the question recurred on the amendment
as amended, upon which Mr. Gwin called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Borland, Cass, Chase, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Felch,Geyer, Gwin,
Houston, James, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Morton, Rusk,
Sebastian, Shields, Sumner, Toucey, and Weller—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Brad-
bury, Bright, Brodhead, Charlton, Cooper, Davis, Dawson,
Fish, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Hamlin, Hunter, Jones ofTennes-
see, Manaum, Miller, Norri?, Pearce, Pettit, Pratt, Seward,
Smith, Soul£, Spruance, Underwood, and Walker—29.
So the amendment as amended was rejected.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Hates, its Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that it insisted upon its disagreement to
certain amendments of the Senate to the bill to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1853, and also upon its amendments to the amend-
ments of the Senate to said bill; that it agreed to
the conference asked by the Senate on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses; and that it had
appointed Mr. Dunham, Mr. Williams, and Mr.
Nabers, the Committee of Conference on its part.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of Government for the year ending June
30, 1854.
Mr. FOOT. I am directed by the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads to submit the fol-
lowing amendments:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sum of
$35,000 be, and is hereby, appropriated for testing the ca-
pacity and practical value of the invention for improvement
in the construction of railroad tracks and locomotive en-
gines, by Colonel James S. French, of Virginia, for the use
of the Government of the United States, by constructing a
line of railroad on said improved plan, under the superintend-
ence of said James S. French, of such length and between
such points as shall fully test its practicability and value,
and especially  ts superiority over all other plans in over-
coming heavy grades ; and that the same shall be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, upon
the application of the said James S. French.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized to pay, out
of the aforesaid $35,000, to the said James S. French and
the persons employed under him, such sums of money as
he may deem to be a fair compensation for the service of the
said James S. French and the persons employed under him,
in constructing and superintending the said line of railroad
authorized by tbis act.
I have only to say that that has been recom-
mended by the Special Committee to which the
subject was referred, and which gave it a careful
examination. It is now presented in the form of
an amendment to this bill upon the recommenda-
tion of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and is in the precise form of the act of
Congress which was passed ten years ago, appro-
priating $30,000 for testing Morse's electro-mag-
netic telegraph.
Mr. ADAMS. It is apparent to every Senator,
that unless we vote down all these amendments for
new projects which are proposed, this bill must
be inevitably lost, and the lost bill will necessarily
involve an extra session of Congress.
Mr. NORRIS. I will not detain the Senate
by making any remarks. I simply desire to say ,
that I was a member of the Select Committee, of
which the honorable Senator from Vermont was
chairman, to which the memorial of Colonel French
was referred. I examined this pretended improve-
ment, and I was not satisfied that it was a practi-
cable one; and I merely rise to say that I did not j
assent and do not assent to this appropriation. I
have no faith in the thing myself.
Mr. SHIELDS. I agree with what the honor-
ble Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Adams] has
stated; and I have made up my mind to vote
against any further amendments to this bill. I
am perfectly satisfied that we shall lose the bill
if we do not act upon that principle.
Mr. RUSK. I am not at all satisfied that we
shall lose the bill. I regard this as one of the most
important amendments that has been offered to the
bill. It proposes the expenditure of a very small
sum of money for an important object. I was a
member of the Select Committee, and I sincerely
believe that it is an improvement which promises
fair to be worth hundreds of millions to this coun-
try. I may feel 
Several Senators. Do not make a speech.
Mr. RUSK. I am not going to make a speech,
but I dislike to see an amendment so judicious
voted down without being understood, when we
consume eight or ten hours here upon mere ques-
tions of abstraction. I do not like to hear this
ery sounded in our ears, that we will lose the bill
if we vote for the amendment. We are not going
to lose the bill. I have heard the same story
preached within twelve hours of the adjournment,
and yet the appropriation bills always pass.
Mr. PEARCE. There are precedents, it is
true, for cases of this kind; but they are, in my
opinion, precedents which ought to be followed no
longer. I am inclined to think that this is a very
ingenious invention; but with what propriety can
this Government engage in testing inventions,
however plausible and promising, made by in-
ventors? There are railroads enough throughout
the country, with a large and ample capital, suffi-
cient to try all these experiments, for whose ben-
efit such an invention as this must inure. They
should make the experiments for themselves.
Shall the Government make them for those corpo-
rations? If we are to begin with this, we shall
soon be called upon to ascertain the value of every
improvement which its projector may think of
sufficient consequence to bring before Congress.
It seems to me that by entering into such acts we
are departing from our proper line of legislation.
I will not exhaust the time of the Senate, but I
desire to caution it against improper legislation.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the bill by add-
ing the following:
Provided, That the laborers employed in the office of the
Secretary of the Treasury shall receive the same compen-
sation as is allowed the laborers employed in the General
Land Office.
On September 30, 1850, the pay of the laborers
in the General Land Office was placed at $500 per
annum. The other laborers in the same building
under the Treasurer received a little less than that.
They have sent a very touching petition to Con-
gress, praying to be put upon the same footing
with the others who labor in the same building.
I hope the amendment will be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the bill by
striking out of it the following:
"For compensation of the two draw-keepers and watch-
men at the Potomac Bridge, and for fuel, and for oil for
lamps, $800; and for repairing the Long Bridge across the .
Potomac river, $20,000."
1 wish to say that I make this motion at the
suggestion and request of individuals residing in
the city of Georgetown and of the Mayor of
Georgetown. This project has been before the
Senate repeatedly, and has always been voted
down. A proposition was prepared by the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on the District
of Columbia, [Mr. Shields,] committing this
whole subject to a board of engineers to examine
and report which would be the most suitable place
for the bridge. With that the city of Georgetown
was content; but I understand that the honorable
chairman has not offered the amendment. The
city of Georgetown is a part of the District of Co-
lumbia, and it feels that the only thing that has
resulted to it from this connection is, that its in-
terests are neglected and trifled with. The keep-
ing up of the Long Bridge makes back water and
fills up the bed of the river and makes it unhealthy
and unwholesome. Besides that, whenever there
is a freshet, it throws back the water into the cel-
lars of the traders in the city. It has destroyed
hundreds of thousands of dollars' worth of prop-
erty. It is injuring the health of the two cities.
It is a nuisance to their business, and will in the
end be a nuisance to the whole city. The plan
matured by the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia was satisfactory to the city of Georgetown;
but for some reason or other, I do not know what,
it has not been offered. I hope the clause for the
repairs of the old bridge will not receive the sanc-
tion of the Senate at this time. We have always
refused to make the appropriation heretofore, and
I do hope that after it has been deliberately voted
upon so many times, and when the people who
are to be affected by it feel it to be a great nuisance
and wrong, it will not be forced upon them.
Mr. SHIELDS. As I have already stated that
the time has nearly expired for working upon
these bills, I will not make a speech. You, Mr.
President, will recollect that this subject was dis-
cussed before, and I very well recollect that the
Senator whom I now have the honor to address
(Mr. Badger in the chair) presented it in such a
view that we lost the question. If Georgetown is
opposed to this appropriation now, I must say that
it is not very liberal, because this bill gives $50,000
for a bridge above Georgetown, and $20,000 to
the repairs of the old bridge. It is a kind of com-
promise between the two rival interests, doing
much more for Georgetown than for the old
bridge. I thought it would pass without any op-
position. I am sorry that the honorable Senator
has made his proposition. It is absolutely neces-
sary, as I have before stated, that this bridge
should be repaired—at all events, temporarily, as
a bridge of service, until we get some other bridge
constructed. I have already stated that I will not
detain the Senate, but if the honorable Senator
withdraws his motion, as I hope he will, he will
save a great deal of trouble; because this was a
kind of a compromise which we agreed upon.
The Committee on Finance has presented a propo-
sition for $50,000 for the bridge above George-
town, with which Georgetown is, and ought to be,
perfectly satisfied; and if the proposition of the
Senator from New Hampshire is agreed to, I go
j for striking that out also.
| Mr. HUNTER. I will say that the Mayor of
Georgetown and a committee came to see me, and
they stated that they were satisfied with this,
which is a compromise, I understand, between the
two parties.
Mr. HALE. I wish to say that if they are
j satisfied, I was never informed of it. I suppose
i they know that I am not in favor of compromises,
and that is the reason why they did not come to
I me; but I made my motion upon the strength of
[ what the Mayor of Georgetown and a committee
of its citizens told me.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state that they were
very much opposed to the whole proposition that
came from the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia; that is, to the proposition appropriating
$200,000 for a'new bridge; but they agreed upon
this sum for the repairs to the old bridge.
Mr. SHIELDS. For that reason I kept back
the amendment to which the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire alludes.
Mr. HALE. Then I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. MALLORY. By the unanimous instruc-
tion of the Committee on Naval Affairs, I move
to strike out of the clause " for compensation of the
' chief of the Bureau of Construction, Equipment,
' and Repairs, and the clerks, draughtsmen, and
' messenger in his office, $13,600," the proviso, in
the following words:
Provided, That the chief of the bureau be a " skillful
naval constructor," as required by the act approved Au-
gust 31,1842, instead of a captain of the Navy."
The object of the proviso is to change the pres-
ent condition of the bureau, and to give the equip-
ment of the naval vessels to the constructor. The
constructor is now in the bureau, and exercises
the proper influence over the subject, having charge
of repairs and construction. It alters the state of
things which existed twelve years ago, and against
which no complaint that I am aware of exists.
The committee unanimously concurred in the
amendment, and I understand that the Committee
on Finance also recommend it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Finance to submit the following amend-
ment:
For continuing the construction of the marine hospital a 
St. Louis, Missouri, $20,000.
It has been estimated for, and is recommended
by the Committee on Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following section:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the percentage
