THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
S3o Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 2, 1853.
New Series....No. 64.
tinted b> law to the pay olVlerks now in tile executive and
IcgiKlativ? departments of Washington, be, anil is hereby, 1
all m tsi tii the clerks emplojeil in the Cuv Post Office in the
cm of Wellington, commencing at the  auie time that the
otaer* Jul,  u the 1st of July, lssoi.
Mr. WALKER. At anv other time I would
£0 for this most cheerfully; \>ut I think the Sena-
tor a; the head of the Committee on Finance will
agree with me, that to enter upon an increase of
•alary now u[>on the civil and diplomatic bill is
wrong.
Mr. RUSK. It is no increase of salary. The
provision was adopted by the Senate to place the
employees of the Government upon the same
footing The clerks for whom I propose to pro-
Tide in the amendment, work harder to my knowl-
edge than any other. It was adopted at the last
session by the Senate, but was lost in the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I submit another amendment:
8sc. —.  2nd be it further enacted, That a sum not ex-
ceeding f for the purchase of a site, and the erection
of a suitable building for a post office in the city of Wash
ington,be expended under the direction of the Postmaster
General.
Every one knows the condition of the post
office in this city.
Mr. HUNTER. I hopethat will not beadopted.
We hare not tune to consider that at this time.
There is a question where that post office ought to
be; whether we want a new building, or whether
we can take the basement either of the addition to
the Patent Office, or of the addition which may be
made to the new Post Office Building. I hope we
will not go into that question now.
The amendment \*as rejected.
Mr RUSK. I have another amendment:
For compensation of Thomas Ritchie, assignee of Wil-
liam M. B it, fur printing doneduring the Thirty-first Con-
gress, at the rate at preiu-nt authorized by law, .$25,000, or
wo much thereof as may be required : Provided, That in set
time the accounts of Thomas Ritchie, assignee of Will 1am M.
Belt, for ail work done under his contract, he shall be allowed
the pnop now paid the public printer, putting the paper used
by him at cost.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Is that in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is of
opinion that it is an amendment providing for a
private claim, and is therefore not in order.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have endeavored to get
the floor for the last two days, for the purpose of
offering an amendment. I now submit one; and
all I ask is that we may have a vote upon it. It
is to carry out a recommendation of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, granting one
hundred and sixty acres of land to the soldiers of
the war of 1812. The amendment is well matured ,
by the Department, and is entirely right. I do
not desire to debate it. All I ask is a vote. It is
to add to the bill the following:
Pec. 1. And be it further enacted, That the provisions
of the several laws grunting bounty lands to the officers
and soldier? who have bpen engaged in the military service
of the ITmted State* shall be, and the same are hereby, ex-
tended so as to grant to each of the persons therein de-
scribed, a quantity of land which, in addition to that to
which he may be entitled under any other law of Congress,
«hal! not, fn'the whole, exceed the quantity of a quarter
section, or one hundred arid sixty acres; and each of the
officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
vates, engaged in the naval, marine, gun-boat, or flotilla
service, or in the defence of the coast, in any of the wars
mentioned in said acts, *hall be entitled to the benefits of
said law* as thu* extended.
Sec. 2. „ftvJ be it further enacted, That, after the pas-
sage of thU act, all warrants shall be issued in the names
of the person" who rendered the service for which they
are granted, whether living or dead, and shall inure to
the benefit of the warrantee, if living, and if not, to the
heirs specified in the several laws extended by this act;
and failing those heirs,to the heirs-at-lawof the warrantee,
according to the laws of the place in which he bad hisdom-
icil at the time of his death ; and all patents for lands lo-
cated with any such warrants shall, in like manner, issue
to the warrantee ; and, in case of his death before the issu- i
ing of Paid patent, the title thereby conveyed shall inure to,
and vest in, his heirs as aforesaid, or hi* or their assignees !
or devisees, as the case may be: Provided,however, That
no person who has perpetrated, or attempted to perpetrate,
a fraud on the United States, under either of said laws as
aforesaid, shall be entitled to the benefit of any of the pro-
vision® of this act.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we will vote this down.
There has been a general complaint that they
coukl not get clear of the bills on the Speaker «
64
table ill the House. I believe it is about to be
cleared by this civil and diplomatic bill. It seems
as if we were going to get all the bills on to it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would vote for this as an
isolated proposition, but 1 think it is exceedingly
indiscreet to be added to this bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I merely wish to say that
I introduced into the Senate the measure 111 De-
cember last, in which the old States feel a great in-
terest. All that I ask now is a vote. It is recom-
mended by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office. Both sections have been submitted to him,
and they are correct.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 have a word to say from
the Committee on Public Lands. This subject
was referred to that committee. Various circum-
stances gave rise to delay, and it has not been re-
ported upon. But if the committee had reported
they would have reported adversely to the propo-
sition.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the following :
Ami that a homestead of one hundred and sixty acres
of the public lands be granted to every person who ehall
hereafter inhabit and cultivate the same for five consecu-
tive years.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays
upon the amendment to the amendment, and they
were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope I may be permitted to
suggest to gentlemen who design to vote for the
amendment to the amendment merely for the pur-
pose of defeating the other, that if we once get the
amendment to the amendment adopted, we will
get into a long debate. 1 hope we will vote it
down. We have not time to go into a discussion
upon it now.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. If the Senator from
Pennsylvania will withdraw his amendment I will
withdraw mine.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from
Pennsylvania will do so. His amendment will
only embarrass the bill.
The yeas and nays being taken on the amend -
ment to the amendment, resulted—yeas 22, nays
24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bell, Borland, Bright, Chase,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs,
Geyer, Gwin, Hale, Houston, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Mallnry, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Sumner, Walker,
and Weller—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Bayard, Bradbury,
Brodhead, Butler, Charlton, Davis, Dawson, De Saussure,
Fuzpatnck, Foot, Hamlin, Hunter, Miller, Morton, Norns,
Pearce, Phelps, Pratt, Smith, Spruance, Touceyj and Un
derwood—24.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the yeas and nays
on his amendment, but they were not ordered.
The amendment was then rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer the following amend-
ment:
For repairing and rebuilding the light-house at Bear
Island, which has been destroyed. $5,000.
For completing the light-houses at Half Moon Shoal, and
Red Fish Bar, and Clopper's Bar, on the coast of Texas,
$3,000.
Mr HUNTER. That should go on to the
light-house appropriation bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator will look at
this bill he will find that there are precisely simi-
lar provisions in it. There is in the bill a class of
amendments to finish light-houses that have not
been completed. There are also provisions in it
to repair light-houses that have been destroyed.
It is very uncertain whether we will have any
light-house bill this year. My amendment pro-
vides for repairing one light which has been de-
stroyed, and for completing three others on the
coast of Texas. I think thejr come within a class
which properly belongs to this bill; and no Sena-
tor should oppose them:
The amendment was agreed to.
No further amendments being proposed, the
amendments which had been agreed to were or-
dered to be engrossed, and the bill was ordered, to
be read a tliird time. It was read a third time
and passed; and the title was amended by adding
: "and for other purposes."
PRINTING OF SEVENTH CENSUS.
On motion by Mr. BORLAND, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution from the House of Represent-
atives providing for the printing and binding of
thereturns of the Seventh Census. It was reported
from the Committee on Printing with an amend-
ment so as to make it read as follows:
"That there be printed by the public printer, under the
supervision of the Superintendent of Public Priming so
much of the abstract of the 1 Return? of the Seventh Cen-
sus' as is recommended to be printed by the report of the
Select Committee ot the Senate, made June28th, 1852, and
in the manner therein prescribed, (the * H'story and Sta-
tistics of the State of Marjland,' according t<> the'returns of
the Seventh Census of the United State*,'with the alter-
ations recommended by the committee, being taken as a
sample,) that is to say :
" Fiist. Omit the ' Historical Account,'the c History and
Description of Counties,' the * Sketch of Geology,'and the
remarks with the heading • Population' (<>f the Stare of
Maryland) prefixed to the tabular statements, embracing
twenty two pages, from one to twenty-two, both inclusive,
with the exception of the tabular statement at page tw< nty,
showing the progress of population from 179U to 1850, which
shall be retained.
" Second. Insert the tabularstatementsof population cov-
ering from page twenty-three to page twenty-six, both in-
clusive.
" Third. Omit the tabular statements fiom page twrnty-
: seven to page thirty, both inclusive, and sub-titute tables
showing the nativity of the inhabitants o! the State, with-
out reference to local residence, giving the sex and color,
similar to the table headed 4 Recapitulation,' at page
thirty five.
" Fourth. Omit the tables relating to the deaf, dumb,
blind, insane, and idiotic, occupying from page thirty one to
page thirty-four, both inclusive; retain the table headed ' Re-
capitulation.'on page thirty fiv«, and oinitthat headed 'Man-
umitted and fugitive slaves,' on the same page; retain the
table headed * Professions, occupations, and trades.' on
page thirty six, and tables headed ' Agricultural produc-
tions,' on pages thirty-seven and thirty-eight.
" Fifth. Omit the tables of'Industrial establishments,'
from page thirty-nine to page sixty-two, both inclusive.
11 Sixth. Onut tables headed 1 Real and personal estate
and taxes,'i Wages,' and fc Pauperism and crime,' on pages
sixty-three and>ixty-four; omit the column which professes
to give the 1 Private libraries,' in the statement heaned ' Li-
braries,' retaining the residue, and retaining, also, the state-
ment headed e Newspapers and periodicals,'on page sixty-
four, and the statements headed ' Education' and ' Church-
es,' on pages sixty five to sixty-eight, both inclusive.
" Seventh. Omit medical statistics, life tables, etc., to the
end of the work.
" Eighth. There shall be prepared and published tabular
statements showing the population alone in the local subdi-
visions of States less than counties, such as towns, town-
ships, hundreds, etc., wherever the returns are sufficient
for their formation.
u Ninth. The condensed tables for the United States shall
conform to the alterations suggested in the detailed tables
. for the States.
" Resolved further, That there be printed, in addition to
the number usually ordered of the public documents, six
thousand five hundred copies for the use of the Senate, and
ten thousand copies for the use of the House of Represent-
'' atives: Provided, That the cost of composition for plain
matter shall not exceed the sum of sixty-two and a half
cents per thousand ems, the cost of composition for tabular
■ statements shall not exceed the sum of seventy cents per
thousand ems, and the cost of press-work shall not exceed
I the sum of cents per thousand quarto pages.
11 « Resolved further, That the entire work hereinbefore
ordered shall be printed in a compact quarto form, upon
: i paper measuring not less than twenty-six by thirty eight
! inches, weighing forty-eight pounds to the ream of four hun-
dred and eighty sheets, and of the quality now used for the
extra copies of documents ordered to be printed by Congress;
i the type to be used to be brevier, except for the headings of
the several columns of the tabular statements, the notes,
and such tables as will not appear to advantage in brevier,
. which shall be printed in nonpareil; and that, in all other
, i respects, except those hereinbefore specified, the work shall
' be executed according to the provisions of the act entitled
! 4 An act providing for executing the public printing, and
< establishing the prices thereof, and for other purposes,'
approved August *26,1852.
I "Resolved further, That the binding of the work herein-
before mentioned shall be executed under the direction of
I the respective Committees on Printing for each House, and
shall be paid for out of the contingent fund of the two
Houses of Congress, as is now prescribed by law."
Mr. HAMLIN. There is a blank to be filled
in the amendment in regard to the number of
copies to be printed for the use of the Senate. I
move to insert " seven thousand."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. In other parts of the bill six
thousand five hundred copies are provided for the
Senate. To make it correspond, I move to strike
