1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
value of this trade, and made an effort to open the
way for it with Japan—dispatched an embassy to
the court of Yedo which resulted in nothing, the
prejudice against foreigners having, perhaps, been
increased towards the authorities of Great Britain
on account of the violence they practiced towards
the Dutch, when the English ship-of-war Phaeton,
under the command of Captain Pellew, visited
that country in 1808. In 1814, Raffles addressed
the Governor-General of India, (Lord Minto,)
stating that the " trade hitherto carried on with
1 Japan forms no criterion by which the extent
'and value of the trade is to be judged, when a
' more liberal and upright system is practiced;"
that " the restrictions which exist do not arise so
' much from the limitations and institutions of the
' Japanese as from the nature and constitution of
■ the Dutch factory, the degraded state of which
' would appear to have sunk the Dutch character
'very low in estimation;" that "the subject in
every point of view is most important;" "the per-
manent establishment of British interests" was
" almost within" his grasp, and that he should
consider it " a dereliction of public duty did he
' not strain every nerve to effect the accomplish-
' ment of an object in every way so inviting and
' so interesting.
From some inexplicable cause, the subject was
passed by unheeded on the part of the British
Government; the treaty of 1613 was never en-
forced nor insisted upon, and the subsequent visit
to the Bay of Yeddo, in 1818, of Captain Gordon,
commanding a brig of war, of Captain Sir Ed-
ward Belcher, in 1845, in the Saramang, and the
last visit, in 1849, of Captain Matheson, of the
sloop-of-war Mariner, resulted in nothing promo-
tive of commercial intercourse. Nor have the
visits of the Russians and French, at different
times, been more successful. I
It is a singular fact, that the first direct aggres- j
sive act upon the restrictive policy of Japan was j
on the part of an American merchant ship, Eliza,
in 1797, commanded by Captain Stewart, which
was employed by the Dutch to carry on their
trade with the Japanese, on account of the war
between England and Holland, during the subjec-
tion of the latter to France. Since then, at various
times American vessels have put into Japanese
ports in distress; our ships have been wrecked
and driven on their shores, exposing their crews
to the certainty of cruel treatment and imprison-
ment. These accidents and outrages attracted the
attention of Government to the necessity of pro-
tecting our merchant vessels in those latitudes, '
and especially the squadrons of whaling ships that ;
traverse the Japanese seas in their lawful vocation, !
passing the Straits of Sangar which separate the |
freat Island of Niphon on the north from the
sland of Yesso. Accordingly, in the year 1846, !
negotiations were attempted with the Court of'
Japan, through Commodore Biddle, commanding
the Columbus, ofninety guns, and accompanied by :
the United States frigate Vincennes, bearing with !
him a letter from the President of the United States I
to the Emperor of Japan " to promote friendship I
and commerce between the two countries." j
The imperial reply was, that   no trade can be
allowed with any foreign nation except Elolland."
And in 1849, the United States ship Preble was
dispatched to rescue a number of sailors belonging
to the whale-ship Ladoga, who had been held in
close confinement and captivity for a year, and
cruelty treated by the Japanese authorities. The
necessity for some decisive step for the protection 1
of our commerce in the Japanese seas, and for the
extension of the shield of the Union over our
enterprising and daring navigators, in quest of the 1
products of the deep, and in lawful trade, being
unmistakably manifest, led to the present proposed
expedition, which is fitting out for the East. It is :
a source of gratification to every American that!
this expedition, with a complement of four thou- '
sand men, and three hundred and thirty guns, i
bearing, also, all the evidences of the civilization, '
improvement, and power of our country, is com- i
mensurate with the important and humane pur-
pose which our Government has in view
This expedition will rendezvous at the Sand-1
Wich Islands. These islands are ten in number '
and the largest (Ha-wai) has a surface of four 1
thousand square miles, and a population of one
hundred thousand persons. Thisremarkablegroup,
which occupies a moat prominent position in Poly-
nesia, has justly been regarded as the natural stop-
ping-place for vessels sailing from the coast of
| California to China and Japan, and is the resort
of hundreds of our whaling-ships every year. In-
| deed, they are destined, at no very remote period,
to be the grand depot of nations trading between
the western and eastern continents. 1
The great Humboldt declared that the Isthmus
of Darien was the principal barrier to free inter-
; course between Europe and Japan in his day,
I amounting almost to an interdict. He predicted
that this interdict would continue until the Atlan- j
1 tic and Pacific oceans were united by an isthmean ,
canal at Panama; regarding that narrow neck of
land as the bulwark which had for ages forbidden 1
all attempts to surmount it. It has been forcibly '
I said, by a very able political and commercial
! writer in London, that this " bulwark has been
j ' breached, and various circumstances havetrans-
I ' pired to alter the features of the case, and to bring
' about a rapid change in the tide of commerce and
' the progress of trade;" that " the British have
' established themselves on the frontiers of China,
' and in the heart of the eastern Archipelago, and
' have compelled respect to their flag and freedom
' to their trade;" that " energy and enterprise
' have constructed a railroad across the Isthmus
' of Panama, and the gold discoveries of Califor-
' nia and the colonization of Vancouver's Island,
' have settled a vast and industrious population on i
' the western sea-board of the American continent, |
' and led to the establishment of new lines of steam
' navigation, and an immense tide of commerce
| ' and navigation;" that •' the opening of the Nic-
■ ' aragua, Tehuantepec, and other practical routes
' of intercommunication between different points >
| ' on the Atlantic and Pacific has been undertaken <
' by various companies;" that " steam communi- |
' cation has been extended from India to China," !j
and recently to the British "Australian settle-11
' ments by the way of Singapore and Java;" that
" there has also been a great increase in the Eu-
' ropean and American shipping employed in the
• Indian and China trade in general commerce, nnd 1
'the whale fishery on the Pacific;" that "the ,
' Americans have largely extended their whaling ,,
' fleet, and prosecuted the fisheries very success-
' fully to the seas and coasts of Japan, and her j
' northern dependencies to the Gulfs of Tartary i
' andOkotsk, the sea of Kamtschatka, Behring s I
'Straits, and the Arctic ocean;" and that "the j
' port of San Francisco, California, is destined to I
' become the great mart and entrepot for American '
' commerce on the Pacific, with China, Japan, and
' all the maritime countries of Asia, Polynesia,
' Oceanica, and Australia, which embrace an ag-
' gregate population of upwards of six hundred
' millions."
The same writer refers to the fact of the posi-
tion which Japan occupies to our American pos-
sessions on the Pacific, to the crowds of American
whalers in her seas, and to the certainty of rob-
bery and death when the unfortunate whaler is
driven upon her shores; and forcibly represents
that her insular geographical position, her"ex-
' cellent ports and harbors, dense and industrious
' population, her boundless productive resources,
' and vast capabilities for commerce, her superior
' intelligence and refinement of her princes and
' nobles, together with the skill, energy, and en-
' terpriae of the Japanese people, justly entitle her
«to rank above every other Asiatic nation;" that
" by a judicious relaxation of her restrictive pol-
' icy, all these unrivaled natural and political ad-
' vantages could be made available for conducting
' a very extensive and profitable trade with vari-
' ous countries, both on the Atlantic and Pacific,
' without compromising either her sovereignty, na-
'tional religion, or peculiar institutions;" and that
"she will now be compelled by force of circum-
' stances to succumb to the progressive commer-
' cial spirit of the age, and the Japanese Islands
• will eventually become to the East what the
• British Islands are in the West." Such is the I
golden prospect before us, for a realization of |
which events are now hastening this Government.
Let us begin, then, by the immediate enactment of
a law by which we will be prepared for the future. !
Let us first, and at once, establish this steam oce- '
nnic line of communication with the great port of j
Shanghai in China, a distance of only five thou-1
sand seven hundred and seventy-five miles from j
the commercial emporium of the Pacific, as shown I
upon a sketch map, which I have had prepared on I
Mercator's projection, and to which I would ask I
the attention of Senators, as it indicates at a glance
the position we occupy commercially, and the
several distances from our western ports to the
trading points in the east of South America, of the
islands of Polynesia,Oceanica,and Australia. Let
us seek for a more active and enlarged participation
in the present immense trade with the Chinese Em-
pire, in which we note share to so small an extent.
How is it possible that we should remain in-
sensible to the importance of this subject, when
every day's experience reveals to us the splendid
monopoly of trade, which our great transatlantic
rival nas enjoyed and still possesses? The memo-
rials and reports which are constantly pouring in
upon us leave no apology for want of informa-
tion upon the subject. It is represented that the
English importation of tea for the last sixty years
is nearly two thousand millions of pounds, (their
present annual importation is about fifty-six mil-
lions of pounds,) and in that period, that Great
Britain has derived from her trade with that
country nearly $1,000,000,000, whilst the value
of our importations, during a like period, have
but little exceeded §250,000,000, and our exports
$86,000,000, leaving the difference to be paid for
by us in the precious metals, instead of the fabrics
and commodities of the country. Notwithstand-
ing all the impediments growing out of the great
maritime strength and capital of Great Britain,
our trade, by the wonderful and expansive ener-
gies of our people, is now rapidly increasing; for
we learn by the official report of the Secretiry of
the Navy, that it now reaches from §16,000,000
to $18,000,000, and in fact, we find, so far as the
actual returns to the Treasury for the year 1852
exhibit, that our imports for the year 1852 amount
to §10,593,950, whilst our exports, in domestic
cottons, &c., according to the same returns, are
but little over the fourth of that sum. Now, the
Chinese have felt the importance of their foreign
trade, and no stronger evidence of this can be ad-
duced than of their own volition, they expressly
stipulated in the British treaty of Nankin, in
1842, as I have already stated, for the opening of
her five principal ports to the commerce of the
world. Let us remain no longer insensible to the
advantages before us, but avail ourselves of them
by the use of every means within our reach. Then,
not in a spirit of sectionalism as a representative
of California, honored though I am by holding
that position; but as a citizen of this Republic,
proud of my native land, every inch of it, and of
the American name, do I predict that the empo-
rium of California will soon in every respect be
the New York of the Pacific, standing as a rival
of the great commercial capital of the empire State
of the Atlantic, each striving which shall confer
the greater blessings on the other, and upon their
common country—a rivalry which will give to
each new elements of wealth and refinement, and
whilst diffusing them all over the surface of our
blessed land, will confer new strength, dignity and
power upon the whole American Union.
Mr. PEARCE. This is a very important
amendment, and manifestly involves the expendi-
ture of a large amount of money. It authorizes
the Postmaster General to contract for a line of
steamers from San Francisco, by way of the Sand-
wich Islands, to Shanghai. It seems to me that
it is an inappropriate time for such an amendment,
and it ought not to be considered now upon an
appropriation bill.
Mr. GWIN. I hope it will be considered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from Maryland to raise a
point of order npon the amendment?
Mr. PEARCE. I do not know. It authorizes
a contract. Does that bring it within the rule of
order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair does
not think it does.
Mr. PEARCE. Then I have only to express
the hope that it will be voted down.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I should like to know how
much this will cost the Government?
Mr. GWIN. I am perfectly willing to fill the
blank that it shall not exceed a certain amount.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I should like before we
adopt the amendment to fill the blank. I suppose
the chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads could give us some idea of how
much it would cost; and I should like to know the
necessity of such a thing. I suppose it will cost
about §1,000,000 a year.
