1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1021
merits, both of the same character, for the removal
of obstructions, put by the Government, in too
rivers. I am sure there will be no difficulty on
the part ot" the Senate in agreeing to the amend-
ments. The first one is to insert:
For removal of obstructions at Cape Fear, entrance at or
below Wilmington, North Carolina, caused by works
placed by the Government tor the protection of the site of
Fort Caswell, so as to afford access to the harbor within
the bar, 5.W.OOO.
Mr. BORLAND. It seems to me that such
works as that usually go into the river and harbor
bill. I was not aware that they were appropriate
to the naval appropriation bill. There were ob-
structions put by the Government in several rivers,
if I mistake not, several years ago. One was the
Ohio river; and it was a subject of great discus-
sion upon the river and harbor bill. I simply
wished to call attention to that fact.
Mr. WELLER. I think if the thing is right
and just in itself it is in order anywhere; and 1 do
not know where it could be more properly intro-
duced than upon this naval appropriation bill.
The obstruction has been placed there by the
Government, and the appropriation is desired to
remove it. I think it is germane to the subject
under consideration.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHARLTON. I am also instructed by
the Committee on Naval Affairs to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, which is of the same char-
acter:
To provide forth? removal of obstructions of the river
Savannah,m the State of Georgia, and for the improve-
ment of the same, $50,000.
Mr. MILLER. I would appeal to the Senator
from Georgia that this is not a matter at all ger-
mane to this bill. We had that question up, I
believe, upon another bill.
Mr. CHARLTON. Notatall. It is perfectly
germane, the Senator from New Jersey will per-
mit me to say. It is appropriate to the bill, and
we al ways insisted that it should go upon this bill.
The proposition has passed the Senate several
times as a separate bill. There has never been
any objection to it, I believe. We ask for no im-
provement of our harbor. We merely ask the
Government to take up what it has put down.
We have obtained a small appropriation, which
has only furnished materials to begin with, and
without some subsequent appropriation, the ma-
terials will ail be lost. Now, I submit to my
friend from New Jersey whether he ought to offer
any objection to it ■
Mr. MILLER. I had no objection to the ap-
propriation; but I thought this bill was not an
appropriate place for it.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Is this amendment
for the improvement of the Savannah river?
Mr. CHARLTON. No, sir; but to remove
obstructions put there by the Government. '
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. That is very alarm- |
ing! I have heard a great deal about it. It ap- •
pears to me a very important matter. Sir, there
are places in other parts of this country where
the Government has interposed obstacles, and very
serious ones; and if a bill of this character is
passed, I want it to be general, and not local in its
character.
Mr. WELLER. It is necessarily local, be-
cause the Government has interposed these diffi-
culties in particular localities. If the gentleman
will present a similar case in Iowa, I will vote for
it cheerfully. If the Government has obstructed j
the navigation of any of the rivers there, 1 will
vote to remove those obstructions.
Mr. CHARLTON. I have a question to ask
my friend from Iowa, which I think will end the
matter, for I do not want to discuss it. If he
knocked a man down without any kind of cause, '
would he not think it a part of his duty to pick him
up again' In this case you putdown these works,
and they are an obstruction to navigation, and we '
seek to have them removed.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I answer that it would ,
be a generous course. Will my friend help some
others up ?
Mr. CHARLTON. If I knocked a man down,
I should certainly help him up.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Will the Senator vote
for any such appropriations for the Mississippi
river f
Mr. CHARLTON. If the Government put
obstructions there, I would vote to remove them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Committee '
on Naval Affairs to offer several amendments, 1
which I send to the Chair.
The first amedment was to insert:
For pipes for conveying gas to, and fixtures for liBhtinn
with it, the National Observatory, $2,500.
Mr. GWIN. That is according to the estimate
of the Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert in the appro-
priations for miscellaneous items, the following:
For contingent expenses not enumerated, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert:
Tor purchaseof land, extending wall", making new roads
and wharf, building and tumbling hospital, and changing
the fronts of houses at tile Naval Academy, Annapolis,
Maryland, $38,(W0.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word " quar-
ters,"in the appropriation for the navy-yard at
Portsmouth, New Hampshire, to insert the words
" foundations of ways for launching and hauling
up," and after the word " cisterns," to insert
" removing ledge and," and after the words " tim-
ber-shed," the words "dry-dock and railway,
chapel," and to strike out " $53,107," and insert
" $80,893," so as to make the clause read:
"For cooper's shop and watchman's quarters, founda-
tions of ways for launching and hauling up, dredging in front,
and pointing and puddling stone basin, boiler-room, boilers,
engine, and machinery, reservoir for engine-house, pipes,
gutters, drains, and cisterns, removing ledse and grading
yard near timber shed, dry-dock and railway, chapel, and
for repairs of all kinds, including care of floating-dock,
$80,893."
Mr. GWIN. That is according to the estimate
of the Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert in the ap-
propriation for the navy-yard at Boston, after the
word " for," the words " machine-shop and
foundery,"and afterthe word " engines,"to insert
the word "chapel," after the word " battery,"
to insert the words " shear-wharf," and to in-
crease the appropriation from "$81,460," to
"$119,800."
Mr. BRODHEAD. I understand that these
amendments are based upon estimates. How
many kinds of estimates do these Departments
send to Congress? This bill, as it came from the
House, was made up, as a matter of course, upon
the estimates which were there passed upon by
the immediate representatives of the people who
vote the people's money. How does it come that
there is one set of estimates for the House and
another for the Senate, or is this a restoration of
the estimates ?
Mr. GWIN. The estimates sent to both
Houses are the same. This is to restore the esti-
mates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the fol-
lowing:
" For completing engine-houses at New York, $30,000;
for repairs of all kinds, $18,000;"
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
For completing commander's house, smithery, timber-
shed, lime-pit, and coal-house, continuing quay wall, mus-
ter office, wharf, dredging-channel, engine-house, culvert,
and removing piles in front of docks, filling in timber pond,
and like places, paving gutters, and flagging, and for re-
pairs of all kinds, §249,320.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I think we are loading this
bill very much. I do not see the chairman of the
Committee on Finance in his place; but I think it
is contrary to the decision of that committee, that
we should have so many amendments placed on
this bill. My friend from California ought to give
some reason for this immense increase.
Mr. GWIN. The Committee on Finance,
owing to the great press of business on them, re-
ported this bill back without reading it, and left it
to the Committee on Naval Affairs to propose the
amendments. The Committee on Finance have,
uniformly, so far as my recollection goes, in every
instance in every appropriation bill before them,
restored the estimates just as we are doing now.
That has been the action of the Committee on
Naval 4-ffaii"8 in tllis case.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropriation
for the navy-yard at Philadelphia, to insert, after
the word " for," the words:
" Commander's quarters, conveying water into navy-yard
and reservoir."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropriation
for the navy-yard at Washington, to insert among
the items appropriated for gas fixtures and gas for
hghting yard, and to increase the appropriation
for that navy-yard, from $162,512 to $200,512.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thenextamendment was to increase the appro-
priation for the Norfolk navy-yard from $114,600
to $160,600, and to include among the objects of
appropriation " carpenter's workshop and cart-
shed, building for muster and other offices."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to increase the ap-
propriation for the navy-yard at Pensacola from
$225,800 to $261,505.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to increase the ap-
propriation for the navy-yard at Memphis, from
$43,976 to $126,468, and to include among the ob-
jects of appropriation " excavation, embankment,
and grading," and also " pavements, drains, and
ditches."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to increase the ap-
propriation for the navy-yard at San Francisco,
California, from $100,000 to $974,851, and to
include among the objects appropriated for, a
"foundery, machine-shop, boiler-shop, engine-
house, and pattern-shop, and for a steam-engine
and machinery, including transportation."
Mr. CLARKE. I should like to know the
meaning of that. I should like to hear the clause
read as it will stand when amended.
The clause, as it would stand if so amended,
was accordingly read, as follows:
" For a foundery, machine-shop, carpenter's shop, boiler-
shop,engine house and pattern-shop, storehouse and wharf,
and for a steam engine and machinery, including transport-
ation, $974,851: Provided, That before this sum shall be
expended, the Attorney General of the United States shall
decide that the United States have good title to the land
upon which the buildings are to be erected."
Mr. GWIN. That is precisely the estimate
of the Department. It came to the other House
with that estimate, but the amount was there re-
duced. The reduction was made upon this in-
formation that was before the House: Commo-
dore Sloat, who had been appointed to select the
site for a navy-yard, was in the lobby at the time,
and made a statement in connection with a letter
which had been addressed to him by Commodore
Smith, which I have on my table, in which Com-
modore Smith said, that if it was not intended
to put the navy-yard into immediate operation,
$50,000 would be necessary for the purpose of
putting up temporary buildings, in oraer to have
them ready for the workmen whenever the navy-
yard should be commenced. Commodore Sloat
stated when that was read, that he thought it en-
tirely too small, and there ought to be $100,000
for the purpose. A member of the other House,
misunderstanding what he had said, immediately
went and stated that Commodore Sloat, who
selected the site, had said that $100,000 was
enough. I have the statement of Commodore
Sloat before me, showing that this was an entire
mistake, and that his remark referred to an appro-
priation for a different purpose.
The other day we provided for fortifications at
1 the entrance to the harbor of San Francisco, and
this estimate has been sent in by the Navy De-
partment for the purpose ofbuildtnga navy-yard,
and that too, quickly, in order that we shall have
the use of it, if any emergency should require it,
for the benefit of the public service. I know it
is a large appropriation, but it is intended to pro-
ceed instantly with building the navy-yard at the
point which has been chosen. One of the best
selections on the Pacific coast has been made. The
estimate of the Department has been carefully
1 drawn up, going into all the details, and we pro-
pose to restore the item to the estimate as it came
from the Department.
1 Mr. BRODHEAD. Let us come to some un-
I derstanding about this matter. At the last ses-
sion we authorized the erection of a navy-yard
! and depot in California; and how much did we
j then appropriate?
| Mr. GWIN. A hundred thousand dollars for
the purpose of selecting a site.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Has the site been selected,
! and ia th« title for the property obtained ?
