1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1023
n half of dollars for a navy-yard and fort. Per-
haps thev ought to have it. I will say nothing
about that. Hut I will return to my original point.
1 say, hi the first place, there should be no doubt
about the title to the locality when you nre going;
to expend nearly a million of dollars. Secondly,
can the Navy Department expend $974,000 wisely
and judiciously in one year ? Certainly the War
Department, according to the information 1 have
received from them, consider $500,000 the extent
to which they could make a useful and safe ex-
penditure within the year.
Mr. TOL'OEY. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to state that we have the same security
in this case that we have in every other case. The
law requires that an investigation of the title should
be made under the direction of the Attorney Gen-
eral; and that before a site can be purchased or a
building erected upon it, his opinion shall be given,
upon a full investigation, that the title is good.
The proviso in this case serves to render that ac-
tion necessary, in case the other branch of Con-
gress should pass a bill which the Senate has
already passed, transferring that duty to the So-
licitor of the Treasury. The object is, in case
that bill should pass, to reserve that site and have
the titie to it examined by the Attorney General.
There is, therefore, the same security in this case
that we have in every other case; for the opinion
of the law officer of the Government is required,
which is all that we have in any case.
Mr. GWIN". In regard to the second question
of the honorable Senator from Illinois, I would
say that I have read the estimates of the Depart-
ment. They ask for this amount. As a matter
of course it would not be asked for if u could not
be expended.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator from
Connecticut is right in one sense, if his principle
were'applicable to his case. I ain not opposed
to the appropriation in this case. But 1 have re-
ceived some information indirectly, which may
Dot, however, be reliable, that there is a private
claim to Mare Island.
Mr. GW1N. It is altogether a mistake.
Mr. SHIELDS. If I am wrong in that, I wish
the honorable Senator from California to put me
right. I have asked that question before, and I
should like to have it answered. Is there* not a
claim by a private individual to the island which
has been selected?
Mr. WELLER. I believe the island, which
has been selected as the site for the navy-yard—
Mare Island—is claimed by a private individual.
The district attorney for California was instruct-
ed to examine that title, and he employed another
person to do it, who has sent to the Department
of the Interior a bill to the amount of §j,000 for
investigating the title. I believe that the report
of that law officer is, that there is a good title in the
hands of individuals. But my colleague and myself
recommended to the Department to pay $70,000
in order to extinguish the title. If that outstand-
ing title has been extinguishsd, the title which the
Government would acquire of course would be a
perfect one.
Mr. GWIN. That has been extinguished, and
the Government has paid the money, as I under-
stand.
Mr. SHIELDS. That is the point which I
wish to ascertain.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator from Illinois
has asked another question, whether the Govern-
ment can properly and profitably expend $900,000
upon this work in the next fiscal year. Notwith-
standing the estimate of the Department, I enter-
tain very great doubts about that. I am anxious
that this appropriation shall be placed in such a
form as to command the support of the House of
Representatives; and I would never ask for a
larger appropriation than what I believe could be
profitably employed upon the service during the
fiscal year; and I do not believe that $900,000
cou'd be profitably employed.
Mr. CLARKE. I should like to know from
the honorable Senator from California if there is
not now being built at this very island a pier for
the purpose of securing the sectional dock which
has been sent out to California?
Mr. GWIN. No, sir.
Mr. CLARKE. I have been so informed by
an officer of the Navy.
Mr. GWIN. Not a dollar of the public money
has been expended there for that purpose.
' Mr. CLARKE. I am not speaking of the
public money; but I ask whether individuals have |
not already commenced driving piles to build a 1
pier to which is to be attached and secured the 1
sectional dock ?
Mr. GWIN. I never heard of it before.
Mr. W ELLER. I believe that there have been
some piles driven there; whether by private in-
dividuals, or with some sort of understanding
with the Government, I do not know. There are
some five thousand acres of land upon that island.
1 have been asked why it is necessary that the
Government should own so much land there. 1
will give the reason. It is an island. It is ne-
cessary that there should be no conflict of jurisdic-
tion. It is exceedingly desirable that the Govern-
ment should own the whole of the island, that the
Federal may never come in conflict with the State
authorities.
Mr. CLARKE. I do not rise to make any op-
position to this amendment. I merely wish to
make some inquiries about it, to ascertain and [
agree with the Senators, if I can, as to what is |
necessary for a navy-yard in California and what i
is not. It will be recollected that at the last ses-
sion of Congress there was some conversation
about the appropriation for a basin and railway
in California. At that time there had been no se-
lection made by the Government of the United
States of a site for a navy-yard. A commission
was sent out, at the head of which, I believe, was
Commodore Sloat. They went out during the
last summer and selected this island called Mare
Island, which, 1 believe, is a very good selection
—probably the best that could have been made.
It is within the bay of San Francisco; and I have
no doubt that with the fortifications which will be
erected at the Golden Gate, California will be very
secure. It will be remembered that last year a sec-
tional dock went to California. And I have been
informed by an officer of the Government here
that the lessees of this dock are, or have been,
erecting a pier at Mare Island for the purpose of
securing that dock, and for the use of vessels, ac-
cording to an agreement made with the lessees.
If the United States have the title, I can hardly
conceive how individual lessees of the sectional
dock can be allowed to do this. By whom they
have been allowed I cannot know. It is very
curious that they are allowed to erect a pier upon
the shore of that very island and in the waters
attached thereto. I fear that the title has not been
settled. I fear that this movement is premature,
and I apprehend that the honorable gentleman
from California is a little too hasty in asking for
that appropriation before the title has been secured
and before the United States have been put in
possession of the island.
It is said by the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut [Mr. Toocey] that this provision is the :
same as that which has always been inserted. ,
, , Generally, when the United States purchase lands, !
' it is when the title is undoubted; and all the At- ;
torney General has to do is to see that that title is j
conveyed to the United States. I believe that in ;
most of the States it has been usual to ask for the
exclusive jurisdiction of the United States, or at
least for the concurrent jurisdiction of the United
' States and the State in which the work exists.
1 Here, however, there is no such provision.
Mr. GWIN. A general law has been passed
1 by the Legislature of California relinquishing all
jurisdiction to these sites, and covering this very
, case.
1 Mr. CLARKE. That may be so; I dare say
! that it is so; I by no means dispute with the hon-
! orable Senator; but I do conceive that there should
| not be so much haste—for haste makes waste—in
, making appropriations for this rich and golden
State of California. I have not, Mr. President,
the slightest disposition to curtail in any degree
any appropriations for anything tending to the
advancement of California. There are in the
State of California those in whom I feel a deep
! interest, and I would be glad to see everything
that is proper done for that State. But I do think
that a State which has not been three years in the
Union absolutely forces us beyond our patience
when she asks for these enormous appropriations.
When were appropriations approaching anything
of this kind ever asked for by other portions of
the Union ? A project for a railroad to the Pacific
has been presented here. I voted for it, and I
shall be at all times willing to vote for it. I want
an iron band to bind the Atlantic with the Pacific.
No Senator here wants one more than I do. I
voted for a bill to construct a telegraphic line to
the Pacific, to enable the people on the Atlantic
coast to communicate with their friends on the
Pacific by the aid of lightning.
1 am willing to vote for all these things; but
when you come to these enormous appropriations
to be made in California, where we know labor is
very high, and the population is not yet dense
enough to develop the resources of the country,
agricultural as well as mineral, I must pause.
There is no immediate necessity for anything of
this kind. We provided for fortifications in Cal-
ifornia in the Army appropriation bill. And when
you get those fortifications at the Golden Gate,
the bay of San Francisco will be well defended,
and the shipping there will be perfectly secure
from any portion of the world. For this provis-
ion I voted just as cheerfully as I ever gave a
vote in my life. When San Francisco gets these
fortifications at the point called the Golden Gate,
well may she set the world at defiance, for she will
be perfectly secure—no Power on earth will be
capable of disturbing her—not even the whole
naval power of Great Britain and France, strong
as they are. Under these circumstances I can see
no necessity for any great haste in the erection of
a navy-yard when it cannot add anything to the
defense of that bay.
There are also other considerations to induce us
to refrain from making haste in this matter. In
the first place, the title to the island which has
been selected for the navy-yard is hardly yet se-
cured. The Senator from Illinois says that it be-
longs to an individual; and that it is necessary to
make an appropriation to secure the private rights
of this individual, so as to let this Government be
put into an entire possession of the fee-simple of
the soil. Then there should be a cession of juris-
diction on the part of California. It is said that
has been done. I do not deny it by any means;
but it should be ascertained beyond all doubt; and
then when these points have been settled, the ap-
propriations can be passed through for them as in
every other part of the country, and you can begin
with the navy-yard, the site for which has been
selected. There has been no engineer to see in
what position it should be. It will be recollected
that at the last session we were told that the waters
of California were different from those of the east-
ern shore of this continent; that nothing could be
done then without stone and mortar; that no piles
could be driven in the water; that no timber could
be safely placed there because it would be endan-
gered by worms; that in three or four years the
worms in the water would eat up any timber placed
anywhere in the harbor ofSan Francisco. Now,
sir, I have it from a naval officer, who has been
there for the last six months, that there is no such
fear of the destruction of the timber of piles by the
worms in the water of California. I put the ques-
tion to him, " What are the lessees doing in Cali-
fornia with the dock? " " Sir,"said he,"the les-
sees are now building a pier and driving down the
piles." "Piles!" said I; "why I understood the
worms were so enormous and numerous as to de-
stroy everything in the water constructed of wood."
" Yes, they are driving piles," was his reply; "and
upon investigation it turns out that there is no more
danger of the destruction of piles or any other tim-
ber placed in the waters of California, than there
is in the other waters of the country." Then I
asked him where they were building this " pier."
" They are building it," said he, " at Mare Isl-
and." Now, I should like to know who gave
these people the liberty to build at Mare Island ?
Who owns Mare Island ?
What I have said in this matter I do not desire to
be interpreted into an opposition to making proper
appropriations for California; and if this appro-
priation were proposed in the same way as ap-
propriations are made for other portions of the
country, I should not object to it, but would most
cheerfully, on the other hand, vote for it. I hold in
my hand a memorandum of all the estimates that
have been made by the Navy Department for all
the navy-yards in the United States. We have
just voted an appropriation of some $300,000 or
$400,000 for navy-yards in different sections, and
one that I most cheerfully voted for is in the State
of Florida—a State that has my warmest admira-
tion, for it is a sort of amphibious State, sometimes
in asd sometimes out  f water. [Laughter.] By
