1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL (iLOBE.
March 2,
it ought to have been in a separate bill, and we
ought to have had time fully to examine it. This
is not the proper place to make contracts, either
for docks or for anything else. It is a question of
administration, not of legislation. The amend-
ment enters into new particulars in regard to con-
tracts, percentage, &c. Sir, is this the tune to
look into questions of that kind? Is this a body—
is this the place to do it ? I think not.
Mr. BADGER. I am sure that the Senate will
bear with me a few moments while I submit a
few remarks upon the pending amendment, be-
cause I can safely say that I have taken no part at
this session in the discussion of the appropriation
bills. I do not mean to detain the Senate long
now, for I know too well the value of time to do
so. This is, however, an important question, and
ought to be settled upon its true merits.
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Brodhead] has 011 this, and 011 several other occa-
sions when this matter has been under the consider-
ation of the Senate, taken occasion to allude to the
large amount of money expended for similar docks
at other places. I respectfully submit that that
has no more connection with the subject before
the Senate than the question as to how much
money has been expended in Great Britain for
stone or floating-docks. This is a proposition to
add to the floating-dock in California a basin and
railway. Every man who has paid any attention
to the subject knows that if the basin and railway
can be built effectually to answer the purpose for
which they are designed, they add a thousandfold
to the value of the floating-dock. Every man
knows the difference between having a dock which
can accommodate one ship for repairs at a time,
and having a dock connected with the basin and
railway on which a half dozen or a dozen ships can
be placed securely and safely for repairs and re-
construction, if necessary.
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania says
that the Senate has repeated!y considered this
question, and decided against it. I deny it. When
this subject was up at the last session of Congress,
we were told to let it stand until the next session,
to wait until the railway and basin should be tried
and decided by experiment, to ascertain whether
they could be used according to the claims of the
patentees, and according to the drawings and
specifications which they had exhibited. That
experiment has been tried.
Mr. BRODHEAD. And it has failed.
Mr. BADGER. It has not failed. The Sena-
tor interrupts me to say that it has failed. I say
that it has not failed; that it has been completely
and triumphantly successful, if there is any reli-
ance to be placed upon human testimony. Of
course I do not say that I witnessed the experi-
ment. It was announced in the newspapers by
eye witnesses. The experiment attracted large
crowds of observers, who could scarcely be re-
strained from breaking out into applause at this
marvelous exhibition of American skill and dis-
covery. Now, when it is proposed that this struc-
ture should be provided for, we are told that the
Senate has decided against it. The Senate has
never decided against it. If it has, I desire it to
be shown where and when. But I say in advance
that it cannot be shown. We were prevented from
passing the bill at the last session, under circum-
stances which amounted to no decision. It was
simply a postponement of the question in order
that the experiment might be tried.
When the subject was up before the Senate, the
Senator from Pennsylvania took occasion to say
that we had no recommendation of the head of the
Department in favor of it. That was supposed to
be a strong and powerful objection to it. Here
now is the recommendation of the head of the De-
partment. When it was up before, we were told
that the then Secretary was of opinion that witha
pier the dock might bemade to answer every pur-
pose. We were then told that the pier could be
constructed for a very small sum of money. The
session, however, had not passed away before we
had a new estimate from the gentleman then at the
head ot tne Department, who had been misled by
reports from the bureaus, showing that the expense
of the pier would be three or four times greater
than he first supposed. And now, upon the full-
est consideration and view of the subject, and after
it has been considered in all its aspects, and with
every advantage, we have a report from the pres-
ent Secretary, not held back till now, but given in
his annual report accompanying the President's
message at the commencement of this Congress,
not only as to the value of it, but that the floating
dock without the basin and railway cannot be
safely or advantageously used.
But, Mr. President, there are other distinct
grounds for this measure. The honor of the na-
tion is involved in the question now under consid-
eration. The good faith of the United States has
been soiled by the proceedings which have taken
place upon this subject. A stain has been fixed
upon the escutcheon of the nation for the sake of
saving three or four hundred thousand dollars.
Allow me to call for a moment the attention of
gentlemen who are not familiar with this subject
to its rise and history.
In the Congress before the last a provision was
inserted in the appropriation bill directing the Sec-
retary of the Navy to make a contract for the dry-
dock, basin, and railway for California, although
the Senator from Pennsylvania supposes that this
bill is not the place in winch to make contracts. I
believe, however, that he is the only gentleman here
who has found out that it is now proposed to make
one. The Secretary made the contract. He settled
and agreed upon the terms upon which the dock,
the basin, and the railway were to be constructed;
and on the day after the two parties—the Secre-
tary, representing the United States, and the pat-
entees—had agreed, a resolution was introduced
into the House of Representatives and passed, di-
recting the Secretary to proceed no further in the
completion of the contract. The Secretary felt
himself bound by that direction of the House, and
consequently the writings were not prepared and
signed. The subject was then referred, upon a
resolution introduced into this body, to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, which was directed to
inquire whether any contract had been made, and
if one had been made, whether it was a just one
to the Government. We received a letter from
the Secretary of the Navy, stating to us what he
had done, which was in substance this: These
gentlemen proposed to do the work for a certain
sum. The Secretary referred the matter to his
bureau. The bureau examined it, and reported a
reduction of the sum. He was not satisfied with
that, and directed an investigation by the Chief
Engineer, to ascertain the lowest cash price for
which the work could be done. When that had
been ascertained, he then told these gentlemen that
if they would undertake the work for some sixty
or seventy or eighty thousand dollars less than
they had proposed, they should have the contract.
They asked two days to consider the matter, and
he gave it to them. At the expiration of the time
they announced that they took the contract. These
are the facts. The Naval Committee was unani-
mously of the opinion that they made the contract
binding upon the honor and integrity of the Gov-
ernment; that it would have made the contract
binding upon the honor and integrity of any gen-
tleman in private life, and that the only purpose
in respect to contracts, whether between Govern-
ments or individuals, for which it was necessary
to reduce them to writing, are two; First, to pre-
vent mistakes as to the meaning of the parties;
and, second, to compel the reluctant contractor to
perform his contract; that this was binding upon
the honor of the party which proposed it; that it
was as binding as it ever could be upon the United
States it there had been ever so many contracts
written, signed, and sealed, because at last nothing
is bound fiom a sovereign but upon his integrity,
his honor, and good faith.
The honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Mason,] at that time made a report in writing—
a unanimous report from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, expressing our decided opinion that a
contract had been made which was binding upon
the faith of the Government, and therefore it was
not necessary for the committee to enter into any
investigation as to whether the contract was a
good one or not, as we were bound in honor to
perform it; but that, so far as we had been able
to ascertain, the contract was a good one. That
report was made to the Senate, and upon the pre-
sentation of it, the committee asked to be dis-
charged from any further consideration of the
subject; to which proposition the Senate unani-
mously agreed. When this subject came up at
the last session of Congress, these matters were
all understood; but we were told that the basin
and railway had not been tested. It was not pro-
posed that the work should go on unless it had
been tested. It was a part of the original agree-
ment with the Secretary lef'erred to in the letter
addressed to the committee, that not one penny
should be expended, that the contract should be
considered as null in regard to the basin and rail-
way, unless, on the experiments being tried,it was
found to the satisfaction of the head of the Depart-
ment that it completely answered its purpose.
Now, sir, here is the plain question submitted
to the intelligence and integrity of the American
Senate: The Congress of the United States di-
rected, wisely or not signifies nothing, that their
agent should enter into an agreement; that agree-
ment was entered into, and, but for the interfer-
ence of one branch of Congress, the very next day
would have been signed between the parties, ft
is very certain that 110 man could show his face
upon 'Change, no man could be received as a
gentleman in the intercourse of private life, if,
after having made such a contract as that, he had
repudiated it because he chose to do it; and I
for one am not willing that my country should be
supposed to have a lower standard of integrity
than that which I am supposed to possess myself,
and ever desire to have in the transactions of life.
I have had this acquaintance with these facts,
because it has so happened that I have been a
member of the Committee on Naval Affairs ever
>' since 1 have been connected with the Senate. The
|j work is valuable and important; one that will mul-
tiply the value of the dock twentyfold. The
Secretary says that the dock cannot be safely or
advantageously used without it. Then what do
we propose to do? We have purchased a dock;
it is in California. We have paid for it, and have
entered into an agreement with the parties for the
basin and railway, which would have been reduced
to writing, and put into the ordinary form of such
transactions, but for our interference, by directing
■ our agent to suspend the work.
Now, are we to say that we do not think it ad-
visable to comply with the engagement, binding
only upon the honor and integrity of this Gov-
ernment? Sir, I declare solemnly that, in my
view, the committal of the Government to con-
tract is such, that I would not permit that it should
be finally repudiated, even if it were to pour fifty
millions from the Treasury of the United States.
As 1 believe in regard to men, so I believe in re-
gard to the Government. The loss of a fair and
unimpeached character cannot be compensated by
all the wealth that belongs to the Indies. I hope
, that the amendment will be agreed to.
j Mr. MASON. In addition to what the honor-
! able Senator from North Carolina has said, I de-
1 sire to say a few words. Congress, some few
years ago, directed the Secretary of the Navy to
j make a contract with certain persons by name^
for the construction of a dry-dock, basin, and
railway in California. The direction was man-
datory upon the Secretary to make the contract
for the dry-dock, and left it discretionary with
him whether to contract for a basin and railway
j or not. I voted against that proposition, but it
! passed. The Secretary of the Navy entered into
a negotiation with the persons named in the bill,
and made a contract for the construction of the
j dry-dock, but not for the basin and railway.
While the matter stood at that point, the con-
tract being made but not signed, some parties,
j who are ever eager to advance the interests of the
country by making contracts with it, induced the
Secretary of the Navy to pause. Both Houses
of Congiess then called upon the Secretary to
inform them how far he had advanced in the exe-
cution of the law. The Secretary said that he
had made a contract with the parties named in the
bill, but that it had not been reduced to writing.
He had requested them to call upon him in two or
three days, when the contract would be ready and
signed; but before the day arrived he was arrested
by a resolution of the House, and also by a reso-
lution of the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. The Senate's resolution was
one of inquiry.
Mr. MASON. The resolutions were of such a
character as to arrest the action of the Secretary.
He reported the facts to us. The facts were, that
, in the execution of the law of Congress, the Sec-
; retary had agreed to the terms proposed by the
i contracting parties, and that nothing remained but
j to reduce them to writing. The subject was re-
i ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, as the
