1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1027
Senator fiom North Carolina has said, of which
I was then a member, and which instructed me to
report upon the subject. 1 did so, reporting tlie
fact thai the law was mandatory upon the Secre-
tary; that he had executed it; that he had made
the contract, but that it hud uot been reduced to
writing; and the writing wasoply the evidence of
the existence of the contract; that there was no
allegation of fraud or want of faith on the part of
the contracting parties. There was nothing to
affect the contract which had been made, and that
inasmuch as the assent of the Secretary and con-
tracting parties was given, the terms of the con-
tract were made, and the absence of the writing
was nothing. The committee.advised that the
contract was made pursuant to the law. That
report met the approbation of the Senate. It, how-
ever, applied only to the dry-dock 
Mr. BADGER. To the dry-dock, basin, and
railway.
Mr. MASON. The basin and railway were
left to the discretion of the Secretary, whether to
make a contract or not; and he had not made it at
that time, but had designedly left it open until he
should ascertain the result of the experiment of
the basin and railway then under course of con-
struction at Philadelphia. The faith of the nation
was pledged to the construction of the dry-dock,
not to the basin and railway.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will indulge me
for a moment, I will put the matter right. The
law expressly said that the contract was not to be
closed and binding until the experiment was made,
but it was to be made conditionally, as to the suc-
cess of the experiment.
Mr. MASON. The record will settle the fact.
My recollection is, that it was left with the discre-
tion of the Secretary whether or not to contract
for the basin and railway.
Mr. BAYARD. I have but one objection to
make to the amendment, or an amendment to pro-
pose to it, which, if assented to, I shall feel dis-
posed to vote for it as amended. I admit that
when this subject was before the Senate on a for-
mer occasion, it was postponed in consequence of
a doubt entertained as to the capacity of this in-
vention to effect its purpose. It has since been
determined in favor of the dock, so far as my
knowledge goes. We have the- report of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, that the pier, which was also
a matter of dispute as a substitute for the basin
and railway, is not equivalent for the necessary
purposes of the Government. If I recollect rightly,
on a former occasion it was alleged that if the
basin and railway were constructed, they could
be made to accommodate the mercantile marine of
the country in addition to the Navy. In my judg-
ment Congress had no authority to build docks for
«ny such purpose; and therefore I voted against it
then. ' - ,
I have not seal the report of the Secretary of
the Navy, but I understand from the statement of
Senators upon which I rely, that that report is that
the basin and railway are necessary for the purpo-
ses of the Navy. If that be so, I am disposed to
vote for the appropriation. But my difficulty as
to a part of it is this: There is a proviso in the
amendment intended to be of the nature of a lim-
itation, which is in this language. Afterproviding
that the particular basin and railway shall be
constructed, it goes on as follows:
" Provided, Tbat it can be done at such price, and the
cut of the basin and railway shall not exeeed the estimate
to be made by the Navy Department of the probable cost
thereof; and the said basin and railway be constructed ac-
cording to the plans and specifications approved of by the
Department."
It then goes on to further provide:
" Tbat the remuneration of the contractprs for the use of
their patents, superintendence and responsibility, shall not
exceed fifteen per cent, upon the estimate of the Depart-
ment for the construction of the basin and railway."
This may all be capable of explanation. But
what I want to understand id, why it is that the
contract is to be limited by an estimate to be made ?
If the survey has been made, or the commission
executed to ascertain these things, why should
we not have the estimate of the cost now ? I do
not wish to embarrass.the amendment, because I
think it important, and, according to the report of
the Secretary of the Navy, necessary; butit strikes
me that the remuneration of the contractors might
be reasonable enough if the estimate is not beyond
a reasonable amount, but might be very unrea-
sonable, because the amount at certain rate of per-
, centage must necessarily depend upon the magni-
tude of the estimate. It might be beyond all rea-
son to give fifteen per cent, if the estimate was
$1,500,000; and it might not be unreasonable if
tiie estimate was within the bounds of the amount
previously supposed. I am informed that the
previous estimate made of the cost was $800,000.
Mr. GWIN. Eight hundred and forty thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. BAYARD. I therefore mean to propose
as an additional proviso, making a limitation upon
the amount to be paid to the contractors, that it
shall not exceed the sum of $120,000, which
would be fifteen per cent, upon the amount of the
estimate heretofore given to us. In other words, I
do not want to leave this thing at large, with a
proviso by way of limitation, which, in my judg-
ment, amounts to no limitation at all..
Mr. BADGER. That is right.
Mr. BAYARD. If that proviso is put in to
affect the limitation, I am ready to vote for the
amendment. I therefore move to add the follow-
ing proviso to the amendment:
Provided further, That said remuneration shall not ex-
ceed $120,(106.
Mr. GWIN. I have no objection to that. I
accept it as a modification.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
, was received, by Mr. Hates,its Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had passed the bill from the Sen-
ate to provide for the survey of the public lands
in California, the granting of donation privileges
therein, and for other purposes, with amendments.
That it insisted on its disagreement to certain
amendments made by the Senate to the-bill ma-
king appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending June 30, 1854, and upon its
amendments to certain other amendments of the
Senate to the same; that it agreed to the confer-
ence asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses; and that it had appointed Mr.
Phelps, Mr. Stanly, and Mr. Origen S. Set-
; moor, the Committee of Conference on its part.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
; ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
from the Senate to provide for the survey of the
public lands in California, the granting of dona-
tion privileges therein, and for other purposes;
, and concurred therein.
J
| NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
! The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriation for the naval service for
the year ending June 30, 1854.
Mr. CLARKE. I really do feel some reluc-
tance to interpose any opposition to the appropria-
1 tion now intended to be made for a basin and rail-
way in California. But, sir, from the conviction
which I have, I feel it to be my duty to state to
the Senate the reasons that will influence my own
vote against the proposition at this time.
The origin of this thing was in the end of the
session of 1850. Then, at the very last day of
the, session, and at the very last moment of the
session, a proposition was introduced by me to
the Senate—a gentleman, then a member of the
House of Representatives, from New York, came
to me upon the subject—to appropriate about
$1,400,000 for the construction of a sectional dock,
basin, and railway in California; and a provision
in the naval bill—I think it was at the end of the
session of 1850—made it imperative upon the
Secretary of the Navy to agree with certain per-
sons named therein, for a sectional dock, basin,
and railway, to be constructed in the bay of San
Francisco, in California. Under that mandatory
provision in the bill, the Secretary of the Navy
did agree with certain individuals on the 17th
day of January, 1851, that they. should con-
struct a sectional dock, basin, and railway, and
place the same in the waters of California for
$1,450,000. At that time the United States had
nowhere to place the dock, basin, and railway.
In fact, allow me to say, that the whole of Cali-
fornia had been taken up by those who went there
for patriotic purposes; and the United States had
not the very first foothold, upon which they could
place anything of their own as positively belong-
ing to them.
The House of Representatives, on the 20th of
January, 1851, passed a resolution calling upon
the Secretary of the Navy to know if any contract
had been made under that provision of the naval
bill of 1850; and if not, that he should suspend all
proceedings under it. The Secretary of the Navy,
on the same d.ty, I think, reported to the House
of Representatives. And what did he report?
That he had been negotiating with two different
parties—certain gentlemen in New York, and
some others who proposed to construct the work;
but it appeared that the New York parties had
patent, and having that patent-right,
the Secretary was obliged to contract, if he con-
tacted at all, with them, inasmuch as the others
only claimed of the United States that they should
guarantee them against an infringement of the pat-
These negotiations went on from the expiration
of the session of 1850 until the 20th of January,
18ol; and when the House of Representatives
called upon the Secretary of the Navy, he reported
to them that on the 17th of January, three days
prior to the passege of the resolution by the
House, he had concluded a verbal contract with
the gentlemen who proposed to be contractors for
the building of the sectional dock, basin, and rail-
way in California for about $1,450,000. This is
my recollection of the subject. I may not be very
precise. He reported that in consequence of the
resolution of the House of Representatives, he
felt himself obliged to withhold the entire comple-
tion of the contract until a further provision was
made by Congress. Jn the appropriation bill of
1851, both Houses of Congress appropriated
$640,000 for the sectional dock, and repudiated
entirely any contract, or any authority which the
Secretary had to make a contract, for a basin and
railway. Thus it stood. .The Secretary of the
Navy had made a contract for building and carry-
ing to California a sectional dock, without the
b^and railway, for which we were to pay
At the last session of Congress, you, Mr. Pres-
ident, (Mr. Badger in the chair,) and others in-
sisted, as you insist now, that the faith of the
Government was answerable to the pledge to the
contractors to carry out the original contract
made in January, 1851. Now, sir, if it is so—if
the faith of the Government has been pledged if
it has been committed to these contractors, in con-
sequence of the contract made by the Secretary of
the Navy, which has been denied by both Houses
of Congress, let it be carried out. All that you,
Mr. President, said in regard to the faith of the
Government, all that you said in regard to the
faith of an individual—all that you have said of
that high sense of honor which every man knows
governs you, would equally govern me. And if
the faith of the Government has been pledged to
these contractors beyond the power of redemption
or repudiation—if they are entitled uponany prin-
ciple of equity or justice to this contract made in
the winter of 1851, let all the money in your
Treasury be poured Out like \yater for its fulfill-
ment. I never will repudiate a contract, whether
it is made by me in my individual capacity, or
whether it is made by the Government of which,j
at this moment, I am a part. I never would do
it, and if that contract—and there I put it—made
on the 17th of January, 1851, was a valid and
binding contract on the Government of the United
States, let it be fulfilled. But what is the case ?
The case is, that the contract made at that time
was a verbal contract. I agree that it is as bind-
ing upon the Government as it would be upon
the honor and faith of individuals. If that con-
tract made on the 17th of January has been repu-
diated or annulled by the action of this Govern-
ment, let the contractors do as all other contractors
do, come in and ask an indemnity for their dam-
ages, if they suffer damages in consequence of
the repudiation of the contract by Congress at the
session of 1851. If they suffered damages by
the action of the House of Representatives arrest-
ing that contract before it was signed, let them
come, as all other men come, to the Congress of
the United States, and ask for indemnity for the
repudiation, and for the disappointment of their
hopes. Letthecasecomebeforeusinthatshape. If
they have a claim foracontract made by the author-
ity of the Congress of the United States, that claim is
like all other claims, good against the Government
of the United States; and you know that, solongas
I am here, there is no man who will vote for such
indemnity sooner than I will. But is this the
proper manner in which that indemnity is to be
rendered ? Is the Congress of the United States
