1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
bo Tight and proper that the Government should construct
a basin anil r.ulwav there."
And a little further on:
Hnt I ;-a\ to the friends of this measure, that if at the
next >essiim of Congress, when the site of the navy yard
shall iiave been selected, and when we shall become satis-
tied that the basin and railway are necessary, or whenever
the Secretary' of the Xavy recommends Congres> to make
an appropriation for the basin and railway, I will withdraw
my opposition to it."
That is all.
Mr. CLARKE. Now, what is that? [Laugh-
ter.] Why, sir, the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire has dug up here from the last session
some remarks of mine. If he should dig up all
the remarks which he has made, he would have
a mass of corruption which he would turn away
from in disgust. He says that I then stated
that if, at the next session, the site had been se-
lected, and the title and jurisdiction secured, and
it was necessary to have the basin and railway,
I would withdraw my objection to it.
The very ground of my argument now is, in the
first place, that we have got no certain place to put it.
You have not got any security of title, or security
of jurisdiction. And in the next place, there is
no evidence that it is necessary, except the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of the Navy; and what
is that ? I desire to say what I think about that.
The Secretary of the Navy, whether he will be
the one of the incoming Administration, or has
been of a preceding one, is generally a man of
some legal talent, but we know that he has no
more common sense than you and I have, except,
Mr. President, (Mr. Badger in the chair,) when
you were Secretary of the Navy; then I agree that
there was a superiority that had not been and will
not be found again. [Laughter.] The Secretary
of the Navy is what? Why, sir, a lawyer. What
does a lawyer know about a ship-of-war? He
does not know the stem from the stern; and if I ]
was the counsellor and friend of the incoming 1
President, I would say to him, take a practical man,
who knows something, rather than a man who has
had a reputation at the bar, or upon the forum,
or stump, who knows nothing about naval affairs.
The Secretary of the Navy knows nothing more
than any other individual about the Navy. He
has got certain bureaus round about him; and let
me tell you that the heads of those bureaus stand
so much in fear of certain things, that they dare
not speak what they would, and they dare not
have their names used for what they wished should
be used. The whole of this thing is in a state of
surveillance. I do not mean to discredit the pres-
ent Secretary of the Navy as an able gentleman. I
do not mean to discredit any Secretary of the Navy.
1 go back even to the time when you were Secre- ]
tary of the Navy. 1 go back to that, and I wish i
in my heart that ynu had been Secretary of the
Navy up to this time. [Laughter.] I do not
mean to discredit any of them: but that a lawyer
taken from the arguing of cases before the Supreme
Court, or even from the seat of a justice of a court J
of his own State, should come here and undertake 1
to tell what should be done in the Navy of the
United States is preposterous. Does he know any-
thing about the construction of a ship ? Does he
know whether it should be in the proportion of
three hundred feet long, to twenty-seven, twenty-
eight, or thirty-two feet wide? Does he know
anything about whether the ship should have side-
paddles or a propeller in the stern ? He knows
nothing about it.
Now, under the circumstances, I do say that
all this referring of things to the head of a De- j
partment that does not know any more about them ]
them any individual in the Chamber, are works of
supererogation, and amount to nothing. I have
a gentleman in my eye now whose practical skill,
whose talent, whose mechanical skill and engineer-
ing, would enable him to dictate to any Secretary
of the Navy who has ever been in that position
since I have been here. Your Navy is to-day ab-
solutely inferior to any Navy of a large commercial
Power in the world. Put civilians at thedirection
of affairs, and what do they do? Why, sir, they
go on and build you a steamer now and 'then,
which will sail seven or eight miles an hour, and
it is chronicled as wonderful. Look at the Prince-
ton; she came to Baltimore to get her boiler and
then she went to Norfolk and was laid up.
Mr. WELLER. What is the application?
Mr. CLARKE. It is that you do not put prac-
tical men, men that understand the thing, at the
head of the service. You take a gentleman of
professional reputation and put him into your
high office, who does not understand the business
for which he is to be employed. That is the fact.
Take my honorable friend from Virginia, [Mr.
Hunter,] he that stands with his open counte-
nance, and his open heart, and his heart much
more open than his countenance, and put him
with his financial talent into the Treasury De-
partment, and you would have millions upon mil-
lions heaped up. It would be impossible to ex-
haust the Treasury under his administration; but
he will not go there. He stays with us, and en-
deavors to protect you, and he now takes my side
on this question, that no such exorbitant allow-
ance should be made as is proposed in the amend-
ment.
I have no more to say, onlythat so far as re-
gards my remarks, which the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire, who is a Free-Soiler, has
dug up out of the earth in which they were buried,
no other man would have exhumed them; no other
man but he, who wants to turn over the soil as he
wants to turn over the institutions of the country,
[laughter,] would have thought of bringing such a
thing to light, after it had been buried and forgotten.
But the Senator has done it. I commend him for it.
I commend him for that exploration that goes into
the bowels of the earth, as well as that active en-
ergy which courses upon the surface. I feel grate-
ful to him, that he has thought proper to bring out
what little I might have said on a former occasion.
I say it again. I say that whenever the site has
: been selected in California, whenever we have a
| place to put the basin and railway, and whenever
it is necessary to have it, I am willing to go for
it. But, sir, let me say that if I belonged to Cali-
fornia to-day, I do believe in my heart I would
repudiate every such appropriation. Give me a
stone dock in California, which worms cannot
consume—cannot touch. Give me a stone dock,
which will stand the test of time and tide and all
the vicissitudes and encroachments that belong to
it. Give me that stone do.ck, and, sir, you have
given me something that will last and be valuable;
but give me this little basin and railway, which
will sink under me to-day or to-morrow, and the
next day I will have to ask for something more.
Upon my word, if I belonged to California I would
repudiate such a proposition, and wait until the
moment should come when the United States
would be ready to give the modicum of an appro-
priation to build such things as should be lasting
and would endure forever. ,
DEFICIENCY BILL. !
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee of Con- :
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the hill to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the service of the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1854, reported—
That they have met, and after full and free con-
ference, have agreed to recommend,and do recom-
mend, to the respective Houses, as follows:
That the House of Representatives do recede from its
disagreement to the fourth and eighth amendments of the
Senate ; that the Senate recede from its ninth amendment;
that the Senate concur in the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the first, third, fifth, eleventh, and four-
teenth amendments of the Senate; that the House recede
from Us disagreement to the provision contained ill the
twenty fourth line of the tenth amendment of the Senate ;
and that the Senate concur in the other additional amend-
ments of the House to the said tenth amendment of the
Senate ; that the Senate recede from its first, second, fifth, ;
eighth, and twentieth clauses of its thirteenth amendment;
and that the House recede from its disagreement to the
twenty-second clause of the thirteenth amendment of the
Senate; that the Senate concur in the amendment of the
House to the sixth and twenty-third clauses of its thirteenth
amendment; that the Senate agree to the House amend-
ment to the twelfth clause of its thirteenth amendment;
that the Senate agree to the House amendment to the six-
teenth clause of its thirteenth amendment; that the Senate
recede from so much of its fifteenth amendment as is con-
tained in the Stli section; that the House recede from its
disagreement to so much of the fifteenth amendment of the
Senate as is contained in thefith section ; and that the Sen-
ate concur in the House amendment to so much of the fif-
teenth amendment as is contained in the 4th section : that
the Senate concur in the House amendment to so much of
the fifteenth amendment of the Senate as is contained in
the 7th section, and strike out the proviso in lines eight,
nine, and ten of said House amendment, and add at the end
the words, " and said act entitled ' An act amendatory of
the existing laws relative to the dollar, half dollar, quarter
dollar, dune, and half dime,' shall take effect, and be in full
force from and after the first day of April, 1853, anything
contained therein to the contrary notwithstanding."
Mr. WELLER. One of the Senate amend- !
ments from which it is proposed to recede, is the I
!' provision in regard to the payment of $300,000
to California. I shall be compelled to ask a sep-
arate vote on that portion of the report. 1 desire
to know, in the first place, who are the Commit-
tee of Conference on the part of the Senate on this
bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Pbarce,] and the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Walker.] The committee on
the part of the House were, Mr. Dunham, Mr.
Nabers, and Mr. Appleton. The Chair will
state to the Senator that a report of the Commit-
tee of Conference is an entire thing. It admits
neither of amendment nor division. It must be
voted upon as an entire thing.
Mr. WELLER. I understand the rule of par-
liamentary law to be, that whenever a proposition
is made that is susceptible of a division, a Senator
has a right to demand a division of it. We are
called upon by this report to recede from certain
amendments, and the House recede from certain
amendments which they have made. Here are
separate and distinct propositions now submitted
to the Senate. A Committee of Conference re-
port that in certain cases we recede, and in others,
that the House recede; and I hold that it is per-
fectly competent for any member to demand that
a distinct vote shall be taken on any portion. I
may have no objection to any portion of the
| report, except the receding from this particular
point to which I have alluded. As the Commit-
tee of Conference was selected from those opposed
to the provision originally, it was very natural
when they had an opportunity, that they would
consent with the members of the House to recede
from that amendment; but I desire to have the
judgment of the Senate whether the aclion of that
Committee of Conference meets with their appro-
bation.
Mr. MANGUM. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from California, that this is comparatively a
very small matter. I want an opportunity to vote
about §800,000 for the benefit of California, which
I shall do in the amendment which is pending
before the Senate in the appropriation bill; but I
cannot sit here much longer. I think, therefore,
he had better let this thing pass. We must not
lose the bill, and there will be no chance of recti-
fying it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that the question with regard to that partic-
ular part of the report cannot come up as a sepa-
rate measure. The result of a Committee of Con-
ference between the two Houses consists of actual
concessions—one made in consideration of an-
ther. It is, therefore, as the Chair understands
it, a clear rule of parliamentary law, that that re-
port is an entire thing, and must be either agreed
to or disagreed to altogether.
Mr. MANGUM. If it is disagreed to, the bill
will probably be lost.
Mr. WELLER. Well, take the vote.
The report of the committee was concurred in.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1854.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Califor-
nia
Mr. WELLER. A1I I have to say is, that I
desire the Senate to vote now. Under some cir-
cumstances, it would have given me great pleasure
to make some reply to my distinguished friend
from Rhode Island, who represents here the most
God-forsaken country on the face of the earth. But
when I remember that to-morrow will, in all human
probability, be the last time I shall ever hear his
musical voice in this Hall, it strikes me with such
a melancholy tone that I cannot prolong this dis-
cussion. I am sorry that we are so soon to sep-
arate. There are many worse men than my friend
from Rhode Island, [laughter;] and although from
some cause or other he opposes every appropria-
tion that is asked for for the section of country
whence I come, yet, sir, the day after to-niorrow
when I shake hands with him for the last time
perhaps upon the face of the earth, I cannot help
thinking that I have associated oftentimes with
many worse men than he.
But I did intend to have made some particular
allusion to the course of argument which the Sen-
