1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will it be in orderto move
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union'
The CHAIRMAN. That motion will be in
order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I make that mo-
tion.
The question was put, and the motion agreed
to.
So the rules were suspended.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union,
(Mr. Phelps in the chair.)
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
Mr. DUNCAN. 1 move to take up the bill of
the House, (No. 362,) " making appropriations
for light-houses, light-boats, buoys, etc., and pro-
viding for the erection and establishment of the
same, and for other purposes."
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. DUNCAN. I move that the first reading
of the bill be dispensed with.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion can only be
entertained by unanimous consent.
There was no objection, and the Clerk proceeded
to read the bill by sections for amendment.
The section making appropriations for the light-
houses in the State of Massachusetts being under
consideration—
Mr. DUNCAN said: Mr. Chairman, if the
House will give me their attention for a few min-
utes, I will make a few explanations which I think
may facilitate the passage of this bill.
The whole amount of the appropriations in the
bill is $290,000, of which $34,000 are reappro-
priations, leaving therefore only $256,000 new ap-
propriations. In March, 1849, Congress made an
appropriation of 5281,000, and in 1851, $256,000,
being about the same amount as is provided for in
this bill. Most of the appropriations contained
in this bill have been recommended in the report
upon light-houses, which appears in the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, which gentlemen
have had before them; and these recommendations
unaccompanied by explanations showing the ne-
cessity of the appropriations. Some of them,
however, are made upon petitions which were
presented to the Light-House Board, and upon
which all the information that was to be had was
obtained, before they received the approbation of
the committee. Every petition that has been pre-
sented to our committee has been considered by
them, and if not inserted in the bill, it was for
what they deemed to be sufficient reasons. We
hope, therefore, that the House will consent to pass
the bill as reported, and not take up the time of
the committee in offering new appropriations which
our committee will feel bound to oppose.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the committee rise,
a d report the bill to the House with a recom-
mendation that it pass.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion will not be
in order until the bill is read through.
Mr. DEAN. Then I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of closing the debate upon this
bill.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disageed to.
The following clause of the bill being under
consideration, viz:
" Towards the erection of a first-class light-bouse, as a
substitute for the hylit-vessel at' Ship Shoal,' to be located
Rt1 Ship Sii'Kil," or Raccoon Point, as may be determined by
the Light-House Board, after the survey of that locality
authorized by the act of 31st August, 185*2, shall be com-
pleted, ^21),000.''
Mr. DUNCAN moved to strike out the words
" Light-House Board," and insert in lieu thereof
the words " Secretary of the Treasury."
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The following section being under considera-
tion, viz:
"Sec. 5. Jtnd be it further enacted, That tile sum of
$3,500, appropriated by the first section of the act of 1852,
chapter II j, 'tor the construction of two ice-breakers '
may be applied by the Light-House Board for the preserva-
tion and protection of the lighthouse on Brandy wine sboal
in such manner as may best secure the object;" '
Mr. DUNCAN moved to strike out the words
" Light-House Board," and insert in lieu thereof
the words " Secretary of th« Treasury."
Mr. STANLY. I should like to hear an ex-
planation of that amendment.
Mr. DUNCAN. It has been customary to
give the Secretary of the Treasury the disposition
of these matters. I consider the amendment as
quite immaterial, as the Secretary is in fact at the
head of the Light-House Board. But still the
amendment conforms to the general custom.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. DUNCAN. I move that the committee
rise, and report the bill to the House.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee (Mr. Phelps) reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had the state of the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly House
bill No. 362, making appropriations for light-
houses, light-boats, &c., and providing for the
erection and establishment of the same, and for
other purposes, and had adopted certain amend-
ments thereto, and instructed him to report the
same to the House, with a recommendation that
the same do pass.
Mr. DUNCAN. I move the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the amendments proposed by the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
. Mr. PHELPS. I presume there will be no
objection to these amendments, and the question
can be taken upon them together.
The SPEAKER. Unless any gentleman desires
a separate vote upon the amendments, the vote
will be taken on all of them at once.
No separate vote was called for, and the ques-
tion was put upon the amendments recommended
by the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and they were agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and having been engrossed, it
was subsequently read the third time and passed.
Mr. DUNCAN. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was passed, and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The question was put upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
LAND OFFrCES IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. McCORKLE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report a bill from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, extending preemption
rights, and organizing the surveyor general's of-
fice in the State of California. The bill also es-
tablishes land districts, of which we have none as
yet. The importance of the passage of this bill,
every man will see at once. It is a Senate bill
No. 7.
The bill was then read by its title, as follows:
" An act to provide for the survey of the public lands in
California, the granting of donation privileges thereon, and
for other purposes."
Mr. McCORKLE. There is a mistake in the
title of this bill. It should be " preemption rights"
| instead of " donation privileges."
The SPEAKER. That can be corrected when
I the title of the bill is read.
I Mr. SUTHERLAND. I object to the intro-
i duction of the bill.
j Mr. McCORKLE. I move to suspend the rules
! in order to enable me to introduce the bill.
The House was divided upon the motion, and
there were 45 in the affirmative, when
Mr. McCORKLE called for tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Mace and Price ap-
pointed.
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to say a single
word in explanation of the bill, and I desire that
the House should hear me. This bill provides for
the organization of a surveyor general's office, for
the purpose of making surveys of the public lands
in California, and for extending the same laws, in
regard to preemption rights, to those lands, after
they are surveyed, which now exist in reference
to the other public lands of the Union. These are
all the objects of the bill. There is a mistake in
the title of it, as has been mentioned by my col-
league.
I The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and the tellers reported—ayes
75, noes not counted.
So the rules were suspended—two thirds of a
quorum voting in favor thereof.
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had passed
the civil and diplomatic bill with sundry amend-
ments, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House; also, that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the Committee of Confer-
ence upon the bill for the relief of John Charles
Fremont, late colonel in the Army of the United
States.]
Mr. HEBARD. I rise to a question of order.
Upon the vote which was last taken, I called for
a count upon the other side a number of times be-
fore the result was announced.
The SPEAKER. The demand was not heard
by the Chair until after the result was announced,
and then it was too late.
i Mr. KING, of New York. I rise to a question
of order. Two thirds of a quorum did not vote
for a suspension of the rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair distinctly under-
stood that it was given up by the negative, and
that no further count was demanded.
JOHN CHARLES FREMONT.
Mr. GORMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I ask the House to take up and concur in
the report of the Committee of Conference upon
the bill for the relief of John Charles Fremont.
The following is the report:
The Committee of Conference upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses, upon Senate bill No. 573, report that
they have met, and after full and free conference upon the
same, they have agreed to recommend, and do recommend,
as follows: That the House recede from its amendment,
and agree to the bill of the Senate, with the following
amendment:
Provided., That before the payment of the same, or any
part thereof, the Secretary of the Treasury shall be satisfied
that the amount has been expended for the benefit of the
public service.
The House amendment, from which the com-
mittee recommends that the House shall recede,
was then read, as follows:
" Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert, in
lieu thereof the following:
"That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to pay to John Charles Fremont $19,500, and deduct
the same from the amount that may be found due to said
Fremont on a final settlement of his accounts : Provided,
That nothing herein contained shall be construed so as to
require the Secretary to recognize the validity of the claim
of the said Fremont, upon which actions are pending, or
! judgments may have been obtained, in favor of Antonv Gibbs
& Sons, assignees of Huttman, in the courts of her Majes-
ty the Queen of Great Britain."
The SPEAKER. The question is upon con-
curring in the report of the Committee of Confer-
ence.
Mr. ORR. I ask that the amendment recom-
mended by the committee may be read.
The amendment was accordingly read, a8 fol-
lows:
" Add to the Senate bill the following:
l " Provided, That before the payment ofthe same, orany
part thereof, the Secretary of the Treasury shall be satis-
! tied that the amount has been expended for the benefit of
I the public service."
J Mr. ORR. The amendment recommended by
! the Committee of Conference ought to be adopt-
! ed. When this bill was introduced, it will be re-
membered that there was a debate upon it, lasting
nearly a day. The House struck out the Senate
bill, and passed the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] with
the proviso which I had the honor to introduce.
The bill which we passed provided that the
$19,500 should be paid by the Secretary of War
to Colonel Fremont, and that he should account
to the Secretary of War hereafter, in the settle-
ment of his accounts, for this sum. The amend-
ment which is now proposed directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay the $19,500 as a specific
demand, with a proviso that the Secretary of the
Treasury shall be satisfied that the whole sum
was expended, as represented by Colonel Fre-
mont, for the benefit of the public service.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. But it does
not require Colonel Fremont hereafter to account
for that amount.
Mr. ORR. The money cannot be paid until
the Secretary is satisfied that the money was ex-
pended for the benefit of the public service.
