1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1037
Mr. STEPHENS. That leaves it entirely to
the caprice of the Secretary of War as to what
was public service.
Mr. ORR. U is utterly impossible for this
House to examine the vouchers. They are in the
custody of the Secretary of War, ana subject to
the inspection of any one.
Mr. STEPHENS. One material difference
between the bill which we are now called upon to
sanction and the bill of the House is this—and
if I am in error I wish gentlemen to point it out:
in the bill we passed we made an advancement to
Colonel Fremont to relieve him from his embar-
rassment. It wits only in the nature of an ad-
vance, and hereafter, upon a settlement of his
accounts, he was to account for this amount of
money. Under this bill he would not be author-
ised 
Mr. ORR, (interrupting.) The difference is this:
The mon°y cannot be paid to Colonel Fremont
urtil (he Secretary is satisfied that the money, the
amount of which is set forth in the bill and upon
which it is based, was expended in the public
service.
Mr. STEPHENS. In pursuance of law?
Mr. ORR. The gentleman must remember that
the expenditures made in California were not in
pursuance of law. They were made from the
necessity of the case. The feeling of the House
at the time the original proposition was passed—
I must confess that I participated in it—was, as
I understand, that, although the expenditure by
Colonel Fremont was not authorized by law, yet
if it was for the benefit of the public and to carry
on the conquest of California, whilst he held com-
mand there, we were willing to pay those ad-
vances. And this proviso more effectually secures
our object than the original bill, for the money,
if it be adopted, cannot be paid until the Secre-
tary of the Treasury says that it was so expended.
We therefore have the Secretary of the Treas-
ury responsible for the correctness or incorrect-
ness of the expenditure. In the original bill you
propose to make the payment without such re-
sponsibility.
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not intend as a legis-
lator to devolve any such responsibility on the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. It is for this House to
determine what class of services it shall pay for,
and whether this money has been expended in
pursuance of or against law.
Mr. ORR. There are but two ways in which
you can ascertain the fact. One is, for the House
itself to make an examination of the vouchers of
Colonel Fremont now in the possession of the
Secretary of War, or to receive the report of the
Commissioners you have sent out there. The
Committee on Military Affairs stated on their
responsibility that they had examined the original
vouchers, and that they were regular and correct.
The commission that was appointed under an act
of Congress at the last session, among the few-
claims that it did recognize, was this one for ,
fcl9,j00; so that you have either to depend on
the report of the Commissioners who examined
the vouchers, or to appoint an officer in whom you
can put your trust, to examine them and report to
this House. , ,
Mr. STEPHENS. We proposed to advance
the sum of §19,500 to Colonel Fremont under his
present embarrassments, but we held him to ac-
count for this money to the proper accounting ,
officer of the Government. Now, what possible
objection can there be to the bill as it passed this
House ? „ _
Mr. ORR. The other branch of Congress are
unwilling to make an advance even of this $19,500
unless it was expended for the benefit of the P"°"
lie service. Before its payment, they require that
the proper officer shall be satisfied that that money
was justly chargeable against the Government. 1
call for the previous question, and then the House
can either concur in tne report or vote it down.
The call for the previous question was then
seconded, and the question was ordered to be put.
The question was then put on concurring in the
report of the Committee of Conference; and there i
were, cii a division—ayes 75 
Mr. HENDRICKS. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hebard and
Dean were appointed.
PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I beg leave to
submit the following report:
The Committee of Conference nn the disagreeing votes
between the Houses on Senate bill No 586, entitled "An act
to extend preemption rights to unsurveyed lands, and tor ;
other purposes," report that they recommend the adoption '
of the amendment of the House with the following proviso:
 ind provided further. That any settler who has settled, or
may hereafter settle 011 lands heretofore reserved <>n account
of claims under French, Spanish, or other grants winch
have been or shall be hereafter declared by the Supreme
Court of the United States to be invalid, shall be entitled to
all the rights of preemption granted by this act and the act
of 4th of September, 1841, entitled uAn act to appropriate
the proceeds of the public lands, and to grant preemption
rights" after the land shall have been released from reser-
vation, 111 the same manner as if no reservation existed.
And that the title of the bdl be as follows. k'An act to ex-
tend preemption riirhts to certain lands therein mentioned."
The proviso is the same as the one which was
proposed by the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Moore,] nothing more and nothing less, and to
which there was no objection except from one
gentleman. 1 call for the previous question on
the adoption of the report.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It is right, and
ouffht to be passed.
The call for the previous question was then
seconded, and the main question was ordered to
be put.
The question was taken, and the report of the
Committee of Conference was adopted.
Mr. BROWN. I move to reconsider the vote
just takAi, and that that motion be laid 011 the
table.
The question was put, and the latter motion was
agreed to.
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
by Asbvrv dtckins, Esq., its Secretary, notify-
ing the House that that body had passed the
foUowing bill with amendments, and requesting its
concurrence therein:
H. R. No. 367. An act to authorize the issu-
ing of a register to the brig Boundary, and to
change the names of the steamers Roger Wil-
liams and propeller Ontario.]
PRE-EMPTION RIGHTS CALIFORNIA.
Mr. McCORKLE. I call for the reading of
the bill which I have reported.
The Clerk read the bill through, and then the
following amendments proposed by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands:
First amendment:
From the title of the bill strike out the word " donation,"
and insert the word " preemption," so that it will read as
follows: "An act to provide for the survey of the public
lands in California, the granting of preemption privileges
therein, and for other purposes."
Second amendment:
Insert in the following section after the words " or so
much thereof as may be necessary," the following: " Pro-
vided, That the salary of no clerk shall exceed the sum of
{*2,500 per annnm." .
And after the words "such sunn as shall be found neces-
sary by the Secretary of the Interior," the following : " not
exceeding the sum of $2,000. "
" Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there shall
be allowed for clerk hire in the office of the surveyor gen-
eral, the sum of ,$11,000 per annum, or so much thereof as
may be necessary; and for office rent, fuel, and other :nci-
dental expenses of his office, such sums as shall be tound
necessary by the Secretary of the Interior. And the Sec-
retary of the Interior is hereby authorized to cause an offi-
cial seal to be prepared for the office of the said surveyor
of the public lands, there shall be paid not exceeding an
average of twelve dollars per mile : Proinded, That none
other than township lines shall be surveyed when the lands
are mineral or are deemed unfit tor cultivation; and no al-
lowance shall be made for such lines as are not actually
run and marked in the field, aud were actually necessary
to be run."
Fifth amendment:
From the following section strike out the last words " un-
less under peculiar circumstances."
"Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if, in the opin-
ion of tlie Secretary of the Interior, it shall be advisable, he
is hereby authorized to direct such surveys alter what is
known as the geodetic method. And whenever, in the
opinion of the Secretary of the Interior, a departure from
the rectangular mode of surveying and subdividing the pub-
lic lands would promote the public interests, lie may direct
such change to be made m the mode of surveying and des-
ignating the said lands as he may deem proper, with refer
euce to the existence of mountain^, mineral deposits, and
the advantages derived from timber and water privilege:
Provided, That such lands shall not be surveyed into less
than one hundred and sixty acres, or subdivided into less
than forty acres, unless under peculiar circumstances."
Sixth and seventh amendments:
Insert after the words « forty-one," in the first branch of
the following section, the following : " With all the excep-
tions, conditions, limitations therein, except as is herein
otherwise provided." And strike out all after the words
" and provided further" down to the word u State," and
insert the following: " That the fact of persons having here-
tofore had the benefit of said act of the 4th of Scpttmber,
1841."
" Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all the public
lands in the State of California, whether surveyed «r un-
surveyed, with the exception of sections sixteen and thirty-
six, which shall be, aud hereby are, granted to the State for
the purposes of public school* in each township, and with
the exception of lands appropriated under the authority of
this act, or reserved by competent authority, and excepting
also the lands claimed under any J*>reign grantor title and
the mineral lands, shall he subject to the preemption laws of
4th September, 1841, and shall, after the plats thereof are
returned to the office of the register, be offered for sale, after
six months' public notice in the State of the time and place
of sale under the laws, rules, and regulations now govern-
ing such sales, or such as may be hereafter prescribed:
Provided, That where uneurveyed lands are claimed bv pre-
emption, the usual notice of such claim shall be filed within
three months after the return of the plats of surveys to the
land offices, and proof and payment shall be made prior to
the day appointed by the President's proclamation for the
commencement of the sale, including such lands, the entry
of such claims to be made by legal subdivisions according
1 to the Uuited States survey, and in the most compact form:
Jlnd provided further, That the restrictions in the act of
4th September, 1811, as to the extent of the possessions of
the claimant, and of quitting or abandoning his residence on
his own land to reside on public land in this State, shall in-
terpose no bar to their ohtainingthe benefits of this act; and
all of said lands that shall remain unsold after having been
i proclaimed and offered, shall be subject to entry at private
sale as other public land, and at the same minimum price
per acre; and the register and receiver shall not be entitled
to any percentage or fees, except for deciding preemption
1 cases, when each of them shall be allowed the same fees
as are paid to other like officers; hut the receiver shall be
entitled to his actual necessary expenses, going and return-
' ing, in making his deposits: Provided, That nothing in this
act shalJ be construed to authorize any settlement to be made
on any public lands not surveyed, unless the same be made
' within one year from the passage of this act; nor shall any
right of such settlers be recognized by virtue of any settle-
ment or improvement made of such unsurveyed lands sub-
sequent to that day: Jlnd provided further, That this act
shall not be construed to authorize any settlement to be
made on any tract of tend in the occupation or possession
of any Indian tribe, or to grant any preemption right to the
same."
Mr. HEBARD. Is it in order to move a refer-
ence of the bill to the committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HEBARD. This is a very important bill,
and, as we have no time to give it the considera-
general; and any copy of, or extracts from the plats, | (ion it requires, I move that it be referred to the
... —J. file in his office. , Committee oft],e Whole on the state of the Union,
and on that motion call for the previous question.
Mr. BRENT0N. The bill contains an appro-
priation, and I think it ought to go to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HALL. I believe, Mr. Speaker, that
under the rules, the member reporting a bill has
the privilege of addressing the House on it for one
hour after the previous question has been moved.
The SPEAKER. That is so.
Mr. HALL. Then I have no objection to the
gentleman's calling for the previous question.
Mr. McCORKLE. I yield to the gentleman
from Missouri in order that he may make an
explanation.
Mr. HALL. I only desire to say a word or
two in explanation of the bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I submit the point that the
gentleman is not entitled to occupy the floor for
an hour on a motion to refer a bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MARSHALL. He has the right to make
an explanation.
notes, and other records and documents on file in his office,
when attested as such, by the said seal, and the signature
of the surveyor general, shall, in all judicial matters, have
the same force and effect as the originals,"
Fourth amendment: !|
Insert in the following section after the word "con-
firmed," the following: "So far as may be necessary to
comnlete the surveys of the public lands.'
" Sec 3 be it further enacted, That the said sur- i
vevor general shall have the same power and authority, and
oerform the same duties respecting the public lands and pri-
vate claims in the (State of California, as by law appertain
to and are required ofthe surveyor general 111 Louisiana, ex-
cept so far as the same may be modified by this act. He sha I
engage a sufficient number ofskillful surveyors as his depu- ,
ties whom he shall cause to survey, measure, and mark base
and'meridian lines through such points, and perpetuated by
tuch monuments, and such other correction parallels and :
™pri,lians as may be prescribed, and also to survey and es- ,
tabhsh theither lines of the pubhc lands. He shall also ,
™use all private claims to be surveyed after they have been
confirmed ; and in the location and survey of them, he ;
. ii h ,i.j.|.(i power and authority as are conferred i
1 on thetand officers of Louisiana, by the 6lh section of the
1 Zofhe3dMarch, 1831, creating the office ofthe surveyor |
general for that State ; and for surveying the base and ine-
The question was then taken, and the report of t *XLaUn™ and privateclainis. and
