1040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
which is, perhaps, another clause to the same
amendment, they recommend a concurrence.
Mr. TOOMBS. I propose to reduce the appro-
priation for this Exploring Expedition one dollar.
Mr. BEALE. What exploring expedition?
Mr. TOOMBS. The question of the gentleman
from Virginia is well put. We do not know any-
thing at till about it. I should like to know how
long it will take to print these amendments. Sir,
I am not willing to act upon them until they are
printed. I have no right to act. It is not a part
of my duty; nor is it my right to vote away the
public money and to determine great national
questions, when 1 have no intelligent understand-
ing of those questions at all. Sir, i agree with the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] in what
he says in relation to committees of conference.
If this House is going to delegate its rights to
three or four of its members, and adopt such pro-
visions, and only such as they report, I think the
balance ought to go home. You are here spend-
ing the public money for no good purpose that I
know of.
Mr. STEVENS. I expect the Speaker will
appoint three or four fair and good men upon this
committee, who will know and defend the rights
of this House against all the duress of the Senate
under which we have been acting. Let us have
three or four good men, and that will be all we
shall require.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the gentleman how these
men can know what is the will of the House until
we can know what these amendments are, and act
upon them intelligently? I say it is the duty of the
House to pass upon these amendments; and if it
becomes necessary to have a committee of confer-
ence, it will be the duty of the Speaker of the
House to appoint men upon that committee who
will stand by the rights of the House.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I call the gen-
tleman from Georgia to order. The gentleman is
not debating the propriety of reducing this amount.
He is discussing the propriety of the action of the
House.
Mr. TOOMBS. What I have said is very ap-
propriate to the amendment. I am showing why
we should not pass this amendment of the Senate,
because we cannot understand it; and that is a
good reason why we should not pass any amend-
ment to this bill. My speech is not only appro-
priate to that amendment, but to every amendment
in the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am sure the gentleman
from Georgia will appreciate the condition of the
business of the House; and that he will appreciate
the proposition which I have made to go on with
. these amendments at this time. If you delay this
bill, send it to the printer, and wait for it to be
printed, you will have nothing in the world ex-
cept what you now have before you. There is no
explanation, for there would be nothing in the
world printed except the bare amendments which
the Clerk is now reading.
Mr. TOOMBS. I may lose the advantage of
the explanations of other gentlemen, but I will
have at least the advantage of my own intellect,
when I see before me what I am voting on, and
that is the only manner in which we can obtain
an intelligent vote of this House upon these amend-
ments to this bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendments may be
read, and the provision of the bill to which they
apply, read in connection with them.
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, sir, every one knows
the difficulty of hearing anything which is read
in the confusion which usually prevails in this
Hall. It will be impossible for us to act intelli-
gibly, I repeat, upon these amendments, unless
they are printed; and unless the public business
can be transacted intelligibly, it should not be
done at all. If some way cannot be provided by
which we may understand what these amend-
ments are, the House should reject them all, good
and bad, and pass the original bill as it was trans-
mitted to the Senate. Unless we do this, we must
in effect refer it to a committee of conference of
the Senate itself; for there must be action in the
House—there must be an expression of the will
of the House before any committee of conference
which we appoint can act understandingly, or
properly represent the views and wishes of the
House. Wemust have the judgmentof the House
on these amendments before a committee of con-
ference can properly act.at all.
Mr. PHELPS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] and 1 have this to say: It has never
been the custom of this House to have these
amendments to the general appropriation bills
printed. When the House has been called to act
upon them, they have generally been referred to
the Committee on Ways and Means, within the
last two or three days of the session, and they
have reported them back to the House without
having them printed by the public, printer. Sir, we
are now precisely in the same condition in relation
to these general appropriation bills that we were
at the last session, and the preceding session, and
indeed every session since I have been a member
of this House, which has been for the last eight
years. I speak advisedly upon this subject. I
desire, as much an any one, to have these amend-
ments presented in such a manner that every
member may understand upon what he is called
upon to vote. I dislike as much as any one to
have these matters of dispute between the two
Houses settled and determined by three gentlemen
belonging to each body. I hope, therefore, the
committee will listen attentively to these amend-
ments, and be prepared either to agree or disagree
to them as they are read. I assure them that 1
and every member upon the Committee on Ways
and Means, will use our utmost exertions to make
them as intelligible as possible. The amendments
will be read, and reference made to the portion of
the printed bill to which they refer. If the com-
mittee will pay strict attention, I think we shall
be able to make some progress. I tell gentlemen
that if they reject all these amendments, and
leave them for a committee of conference to deter-
1 mine, the effeet will be disastrous to the will of
; this House, and what I believe to be the best in-
j terest of the country.
The question was taken, and Mr. Toombs's
J amendment was not agreed to.
I The question then recurred upon the Senate
! amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee on Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move to in-
crease this appropriation one dollar.
Mr. Chairman, I desire simply to say that there
is a very great necessity for this appropriation.
This expedition brought home a very large amount
of geological and other specimens which a corps
of scientific gentlemen are now engaged in exam-
ining and analyzing. It is their duty to report
upon these specimens, and this appropriation is
designed to pay for printing that report. Their
labors will be lost to the country and to science,
■ unless their report be printed. I hope the House
will concur in this Senate amendment.
| A Member. Sir, let the report be lost.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky.
But 1 rise for the purpose of suggesting to the com-
mittee that they proceed to consider such amend-
ments as are contained in the printed bill. I think
we ought not to act upon these amendments blind-
fold. I am told by an officer of this House that
all the other amendments could be printed in two
hours. I ask, therefore, that the committee pro-
ceed to consider those contained in the printed
bill, and in the mean time allow the others to be
printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. We could not do that with-
out very great confusion. I think we had better
go on in the manner in which we have com-
menced.
The question was taken, and Mr. Stanton's
amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 move to increase the appro-
priation one dollar.
Mr. Chairman, I am exceedingly annoyed by
the reference which is constantly being made to
the state of the business of this House during the
last Congress; such as has just been made by my
friend from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
the gentleman from Virginia that the course of re-
mark he is pursuing is not in order. He must con-
fine himself to the explanation of his amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 desire to say, that I meant
no personal allusion to my friend from Virginia,
in the reference I made to the condition of the
business of the House in the last and preceding
Congresses.
Mr. BAYLY. I want to refer particularly to
the remarks made by the gentleman from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Toombs.] If his remarks were in order,
mine are.
The CHAIRMAN. The remarks of the gen-
tleman from Georgia were not in order, nor are
the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. BAYLY. Then the Chair ought to have
called the gentleman from Georgia to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair admits that he
ought to have called the gentleman from Georgia
to order, but it is now too late for that. The
Chair decides that the gentleman from Virginia is
not in order.
The question was then taken, and Mr. Bayly's
amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STANLY. I will merely state that the
Committee on Ways and Means recommend a
non-concurrence in the Senate amendment.
The question was put, and the amendment was
non-concurred in by the committee.
The second branch of the seventh amendment
was read,as follows:
" For the preparation and publication of a general cata-
logue of the Library of Congress, to be made in such man-
ner as the Joint Committee on the Library of Congress may
direct, $3,000."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in this
branch of the amendment. I hope it will be con-
curred in without debate.
The question v.-as taken, and the second branch
of the Senate amendment was agreed to.
Eighth amendment of the Senate:
" Page 5, after line 14, insert as follows :
" For the payment of the expenses attendant upon the
funeral obsequies of the late Secretary of State, $1,229 37."
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move to
disagree to all the Senate amendments?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move that
the committee rise, in order to submit that motion
in the House?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairman thinks it
would not be in order.
The question was then taken on the Senate
amendment, and it was agreed to.
The ninth amendment of the Senate was to strike
out the words " thirty-two thousand and fifty dol-
lars," and insert the words "thirty-three thou-
sand seven hundred dollars," in the following
clause:
" For compensation of the Secretary of the Treasury and
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, clerks, messenger, and
assistant messenger, in his office, $32,050."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a disagreement. The in-
crease is for the payment of the $1,700 clerk, to
whom the gentleman from Georgia alluded the
other day.
The question was taken and the Senate amend-
ment was disagreed to.
Tenth amendment of the Senate:
" Page 8, line 18, strike out the words (eleven thousand
four hundred dollars/ and insert the words (thirteen thou-
sand five hundred and fifty dollars;' so as to make the clause
read:
r< For compensation of the Fifth Auditor, and the clerks
and messenger in his office, $13,550."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Senate have added the
salary of two clerks to that item of appropriation.
The Committee on Ways and Means recommend
a non-concurrence in the amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbcry Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had disagreed
to the amendments of the House to the Senate
amendments to the Army appropriation bill, and
that the Senate insist upon their amendments, and
ask a Committee of Conference.]
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Eleventh amendment of the Senate:
"Page 8, after line 18, add, at the end of the last clause, ~
the following:
" For an additional clerk in the office of the Fifth Aud-
itor, $1,000."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
The question was taken, and the Senate amend-
ment was disagreed to.
