1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Sixtieth amendment of the Senate:
" On page 50, after the section providing fbr the compen-
sation of laborers employed upon the public grounds, insert
the following:
" To supply a deficiency for the purchase of trees and
Jiire of laborers on the improvements of reservation No. 2
or public mall, between Seventh and Twelth streets west
#5,376 52."
Mr. PHELPS The Committee on Ways and
Means recommended a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Sixty-first amendment of the Senate:
" On page 51, after line 15, insert the following:
" For a bridge across the Potomac at Little Falls, to be
expended under the direction of the President of the United
States, $50,U09."
The question was taken upon concurring with
the Senate amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Sixty-second amendment of the Senate:
■" On page 51, immediately after the last amendment, in-
sert the following:
"To be expended, under the direction of the Presidentof
th* L nifed States, for the purpose of bringing water into the
city of Washington upon such plans and from such places
a* he may approve, $150,000: Provided, That if the plan
adopted by the President of the United States should require
water to be drawn from any source within the limits of
Maryland, the assent of the Legislature of that State should '
first be obtained." j
Mr. HOUSTON". The Committee on Ways '
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment. i
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. X ask for tellers
upon that amendment. ]
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stanton, of
Kentucky, and Johnson, of Arkansas, were ap-
pointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report- ]
ed—ayes 68, noes 55.
So the committee concurred in the Senate amend- .
ment. j
Sixty-third amendment of the Senate: !
" On page 51, strike out the words in brackets, and in- i
«ert the words in italics in the following clause:
" For compensation of two draw keepers and a watch-
man at the Potomac bridge, and for fuel and oil for lamps,
one thousand [three hundred and seventy-seven dollars
and fifty cents] eight hundred dollars ; and for repairing the
Long Bridge across the Potomac river, $20,000."
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee recommend j
a concurrence in the amendment. |
The question was taken, and the amendment j
was agreed to.
Sixty-fourth amendment of the Senate:
" On page 51, line 24, strike out' 900' and insert' 1,000,'
so that the clause shall read :
"For compensalion of two draw-keepers at (be two
bridges across the Eastern Branch of the Potomac, and for
fcel, and oil for lamps, $1,000."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Sixty-fifth amendment of the Senate:
"f On page 52, in line 2, strike out ' $14,800' and insert
*$16,400 ;' so that the clause shall read:
" For compensation of Auxiliary Guard, and for fuel, and !
oil for lamps, $16,400. 
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
Sixty-sixth amendment of the Senate:
" At the end of the clause just amended add the follow-
ing:
" And each of the auxiliaiy guards shall hereafter receive '
the same annual compensation, viz: $500 per annum."
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee on Ways and i
Means recommend a non-concurrence. '
Mr. STANLY. The amendment is a proper
one, and I hope it will be concurred in. A part:
of this guard receive only $450, and I want to see
them all put upon the same footing. j
The question was taken, and the amendment,
was agreed to.
Sixty-seventh amendment of the Senate: j
" On page 53, after line 27, insert the following: j
"For heating and ventilating the Executive Mansion, !
painting the exterior thereof, and painting the walls, ceil-
ing, fcc., of the rooms of the first floor, and making other I
improvements and repairs, recommended by the Architect
in his report of February 24,1853, and for the purchase of j
books for the President's library, $29,500." I
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee on Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move to
increase the appropriation one dollar. It is $500 ,
less than the one I proposed by the amendment I
1045
offered a few days ago as chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Public Buildings. That committee
caused the presidential mansion to be examined
by the Architect employed by the Government
on the extensions of the Capitol. He did exam-
ine it, and ascertained that the repairs were ab-
solutely necessary; that they were substantial
repairs, and such as ought to nave been made ten
years ago. That amendment provided for hot-
water furnaces for the basement story, but it was
not the design to restrict the Architect to that pe-
culiar kind of furnace. The object was to pro-
vide some means by which the dampness known
to be precipitated on the walls of the basement
story of that house, and which has caused so
much sickness in it, could be removed. That
constitutes an inconsiderable part of the whole ap-
propriation. A large portion is for many sub-
stantial repairs necessary to preserve the house
from decay, such as painting the exterior and in-
terior, repairing portions of the building which
are dilapidated, and for paper for the walls. They
are all absolutely necessary to make the President
and his family comfortable. I hope the commit-
tee will not hesitate to adopt the amendment, which
has not only been considered by the Committee
on the Public Buildings of this House, but the
1 Committee on Public Buildings of the Senate. I
withdraw my amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to strike out the words
" recommended by the Architect in his report of
1853." If that amendment be adopted, I shall vote .
for concurrence in the amendment of the Senate. ]
I do not know what that report of the Architect is.
It may be found on further examination, that some
change in the plan will have to be made. The
Committee on Ways and Means recommend a
non-concurrence; but I am in favor of the amend- |
ment with the modification 1 have proposed.
Mr. STANTON. We have no objection to it.
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was agreed to.
The question was taken,and the amendment of1
the Senate as amended was then concurred in.
The sixty-eighth amendment of the Senate: |
"In page 54, after line 5, insert the following: ,
" For completing the grading and paving the carriage-
way of Pennsylvania avenue, from Seventeenth street to 1
Rock Creek, and for setting the curb-stone and paving the
footway six feet wide on each side of said avenue, in ad-
dition to the sum heretofore appropriated for that object,
$14,700: Provided, That tbe sum required for paving said
footway shall not be expended unless the owners of prop-
erty opposite thereto be required, under the direction of tlie j
authorities of the city of Washington, to pave at least ten I
feetin width of the space allotted for asidewalk, in contin- i
nation and adjoining the same." j
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
The sixty-ninth amendment of the Senate:
" In page 54, after line 10, insert:
" For deficiency for surveying, leveling, and measuring,
the triangular square on the north Side of Pennsylvania
avenue, between Thirteenth and Fourteenth streets, $42."
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The seventieth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert after tbe above the following:
" For supplying a deficiency in the appropriation made
March 3, 1849, for completing the room under the Senate
post office, $451 31."
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. That is an
appropriation repeatedly recommended by the Sec- •
retary of the Treasury. It is a balance due to
workmen. The Committee on the Public Build-
ings have examined the testimony on the subject,
and report that they are really entitled to it.
Mr. BRIGGS. I move the addition of the fol-
lowing amendment:
And to enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives
to comply with the resolution of the House passed March
1, 1853, granting extra compensation to the employees
thereof, there is hereby added to the miscellaneous items
of the contingent fund of the llouse of Representatives,
and hereby appropriated, a further sum of $36,000.
The House passed the resolution giving the
extra compensation by three votes to one, and it
seems to me there can now be no objection to an
appropriation being made to carry it out.
Mr. HIBBARD. The amendment is not ger-
mane to the subject before the committee, and there-
fore not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is inclined to over-
rule the gentleman's point of order. The amend-
ment is to carry out a resolution of the House.
The question was taken, and the amendment to >
the amendment was disagreed to.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the Senate, and it was concurred in.
Seventy-first amendment of the Senate:
" Strike out * fifty' from the following paragraph, and in-
sert * seventy-five:'
" Miscellaneous—For salaries and incidental expenses of
the commission appointed under the act of March 3d, 1851,
for settling land claims in California, .«^fl,000; and that tbe
proviso to the appropriation for this object, contained in tbe
act approved 31st of August, 1852, shall not be so construed
as to reduce the salary of the secretary of said commission
as fixed by the second section of the above-recited act."
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee recommend
a concurrence in that amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
Seventy-second amendment of the Senate:
" Add after the above paragraph the following:
" Jlnd provided further, That out of (-aid sum herein ap-
propriated there shall be paid to eacli commissioner ap-
pointed under the act of the 3d of March, 1851, tbe sum of
$8,000, in lieu of the compensation heretofore allowed."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
Seventy-third amendment of the Senate:
"Insert after the 10th line, page 55,the following:
" For pensions to widows and orphans, under the act en-
titled ' An act to continue half pay to certain widows and
orphans,' approved February 3d, 1853, $174,000."
Mr. PHELPS. This appropriation is rendered
necessary by the passage of an act at this session
of Congress.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
The seventy-fourth amendment of the Senate,
a verbal one, was concurred in.
Seventy-fifth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert after the 10th line in page 57, the following:
" For the purpose of purchasing or bui Iding a revenue cot-
ter, to be propelled by steam and employed on the Pacific
coast, $75,000: Provided, That there shall not be more
than one steam and one sail vessel employed for such pnr-
poses on that coast."
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee on Way* and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment. At the last session, Congress pro-
vided for the building of six additional revenue
cutters, and we deem that sufficient.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Seventy-sixth amendment of the Senate:
" After the word ' Departments ♦ in the following: ' For
the printing of the Executive Departments, $22,289 04
insert the following:
" Including for paperand printing the annual estimates,
and for paper, printing, binding the Biennial Register, and
the annual report of the Secretary of the Treasury on com-
merce and navigation."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in the
amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
Seventy-seventh amendment of the Senate:
" Add at the end of the first section the following:
"Mexican Boundary Commission—For completing tbe
survey of the Rio Grande, and for ofilce work for one year,
$83,512.
"For arrears due Major William H. Emory's party.
$20,000.
"For expenses attending Lieutenant Whipple's party
from the Gila, $6,000.
" For pay of commissioner and secretary? and fbr per-
sonal and traveling expenses of the commissioner, $9,500;
said sums to be disbursed upon warrants approved by the
Secretary of the Interior. And that the period limited for
the appointment of commissioner, surveyor, and chief as-
tronomer, by the act of Mav 15,1850, shall be, and thesame
is hereby, extended to the first of April, 1854."
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to strike out the latter
clause of that amendment, which provides for the
traveling expenses of the commissioner. This
item of §9,600, and over, ought to be stricken out.
That officer has spent twice as much money as he
ought to have done.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the Senate
amendment as amended, and it was agreed to.
Seventy-eighth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert as follows:
For carrying into effect the provisions of this act estab-
lishing an assay office in the city of New York, in addition
to the charges therein authorised to be receiwd, #100,000
is hereby appropriated, out of lay money in the Treasuiy
not otherwise appropriated."  
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. What do
the committee say to that?
Mr. PHELPS. They did not consider it.
The question being put on the amendment—
Mr. BRIGGS. I call for tellers.
