1046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. DEAN. I have an amendment, which I
•wish to oiler. I move to increase the appropri-
ation $100. I do this for the purpose of bringing
propeily before the committee the object intended
to be secured by this appropriation, that it may be
understood. If an assay office is established in
New York, it will probably settle the question
of a Mint, which has been before Congress at
each session for the last few years. More than
£1,000,000 of gold dust is received every month at
.New York, and no one will pretend that we ought
not to have either a Mint or an assay office there
to place a value upon it; and this is demanded not
for the benefit of New York, but for the interests
of persons who bring gold dust there. It is but
an act of justice—not to New York, but to the
persons who produce or deal in this article, that
an assay office should be established at the port
where it is received, that they may no longer be
plundered by the brokers of New York or the rail-
toad companies of New Jersey. It is infinitely
safer for men to cross the Isthmus 
Mr. LETCHER. Was not the vote taken
and announced upon that amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It was not.
Mr. DEAN. I say now, in order to complete
the sentence I had begun, it is infinitely safer to
cross the Isthmus and escape the robbers that in-
fest the roads there, than to escape the legalized
robbery that is practiced upon persons who bring
gold dust into New York, and are compelled to
sell it at a great sacrifice there, or pay tribute to
the New Jersey monopolists, who, if they get out
of the frying-pan of Wall street, they are certain
to fall into the fire of the railroad companies in
New Jersey. I do not wish to take up the time of
the committee in discussing this matter, but I ask
the committee to give the persons interested in this
matter what is their right—an assay office, where
their gold dust may be cast into bars, and then
they will know the value of the article, and it will
be in a shape in which it can be used by them,
and they will no longer be at the mercy of spec-
ulators or the clutches of monopolists.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. In thefirst
place I do not think it proper that in a bill of this
kind such a provision as this should be inserted.
It is really an improper kind of legislation in the
first instance. This is making a provision for
what the law already authorizes. The amend-
ment now offered is for establishing anew institu-
tion wholly inconsistent with fair and judicious
legislation, as your rules show. As to their com-
promising the Mint for an assay office of $100,000,
I do not believe a word of it. It seems that the
gentleman from New York does. I do not. It is
just an egg which they will set upon next year to
hatch a ten million concern. 1 have seen your
saving banks established merely to keep money
for widows and orphans all over Pennsylvania, but
I have never seen one that did not come out a full-
blown bank in two years. They have established
an assay office in California. Let them try it
there. They have a Mint in California. Why
bring gold dust all around the world ? I hope that
none of it hereafter will be coined in Philadelphia.
I hope that it will be all coined thereon the ground,
where it ought to be coined. I hope, therefore-
that the committee will not only reject the amend-
ment of the gentleman from JNew York, but the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. DEAN. I withdraw my amendment.
The question recurred on the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. GOODRICH. I propose to increase the
appropriation $200. I am in favor of this amend-
ment of the Senate, but by no means for the rea-
son which the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Dean] has given. I rise mainly to enter my pro-
test-—and I shall do it here and everywhere—
against such wholesale slander as the gentleman
has indulged in against the brokers of New York.
What do the brokers of New York do, that justi-
fies the gentleman in rising in his place here and
calling them robbers? What do they do ? They
charge the regular market price, as I understand
it, for transporting the gold from New York to
Philadelphia. If anybody will do it for less than
the market price, then the price will go down. If
the gentleman will go there and do it for less, the
price will go down. The businessin which these
men are engaged is an honest business, and I do
not like to hear such wholesale slander against
honest and reputable men, as I know certainly
many of them to be. I do not approve of all the
things which railroads do, and if they charge one
fourth of one per cent, for transporting gold from
New York to Philadelphia, it is by no means proof
that they are robbers. That is all I have to say.
Mr. DUNHAM. I am opposed totheamend-
ment, and I desire to take the vote.
The question was taken on Mr. Goodrich's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I propose to increase the appro-
priation $300. I am sorry that I feel it my duty
to say a word upon this subject. This Congress
has been against the navy-yard—against the city
which I have the honor in part to represent, and
yet it has been abundantly liberal in making ap-
propriations for fortifications to some other parts
of the country. It has not yet voted a single cent
to that quarter where concentrates, in a great de-
gree, the representative wealth of our country. It
has refused every item in the way of additional pro-
tection to our commerce, and it has not voted an
additional ship to the Navy. They have refused
to give us a Mint, and we have now fallen down to
the simple request that they will grant us an assay
office. They have imposed upon us an additional
duty in the way of seigniorage, and now our re-
quest is that we shall be allowed the simple means
of assaying and testing the value of our gold at the
public expense, provided we pay the seigniorage
of one-half per cent., which the act already impo-
ses upon us. I do not think the request unreason-
able or unjust, and I do not think it improper, con-
sidering the great interests which the country has
in that city. It seems to me to be rather a hard
feeling, and an unjust and improper prejudice
which has been exhibited towards us, upon the
part of the Representatives of Pen nsylvania. I will
not pledge myself for the future. I cannot do any
such thing, because I will not be here to carry out
my pledge; but it is obvious to every person, that
until in some form or other this question of a Mint
is settled between the two great representative Com-
monwealths of Pennsylvania and New York, there
will be more or less mingling of sectional rivalry
and contest, which will introduce itself into all the
legislation of the country, and cost that country
ten thousand times more than the means necessary
for an assay office in the city of New York. I
have nothing more to say. All I ask at your hands
is simple justice.
ARMY BILL CONFERENCE.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask that we may informally
go into the House, with a view that a committee
of conference may be appointed to meet a com-
mittee of the Senate on the disagreeing votes on
the Army appropriation bill.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative.
The committee then rose, and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair—
On the motion of Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous
consent,
Ordered, That the House insist on their disagreement to
the amendments insisted upon by the Senate, and insist
upon their amendments disagreed to by the Senate, and
agree to the appointment of a Committee of Conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill of the
House (No. 336) "making appropriations for the supportof
the Army for the year ending June 30, 1854."
Ordered, That Mr. Phelps, Mr. Stahly, and Mr. Ori-
oen S. Seymour be appointed the managers at the said
conference on the part of the House; and
Ordered, That the Clerk acquaint the Senate therewith.
| CENSUS BILL.
[ Mr. PHELPS. I desire furthermore to ask the
unanimous consent of the House that the census
bill be referred to the Committee on Printing. It
is public business.
Ordered, That the bill be so referred.
Mr. CARTTER. I ask also the unanimous
consent of the House to print the annual report of
the Commissioner of Patents, which has been un-
provided for.
A Member. It is already referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
On the motion of Mr. HENN, by unanimous
consent,
Ordered, That two additional members be appointed on
the Committee on Enrolled Bills.
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed Mr.
Thomas Y. How and Mr. Haws upon said com-
mittee.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled the fol-
lowing bills, which thereupon severally received
the signature of the Speaker, viz:
An act to amend an act entitled " An act to
amend an act to settle and adjust the expenses of
the people of Oregon from attacks and hostilities
of Cayuse Indians, in the years 1847 and 1848,"
approved August 21, 1852;
An act to establish the territorial government of
Washington;
An act authorizing the Selectmen of the town of
Chelsea, in the State of Massachusetts, to lay out
and make way on lands of the United States in
said town;
An act for the relief of Edward Box;
An act for the relief of B. B. Bennett; and
An act making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending the
30th June, 1854.
CIYIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union then resumed its session.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 withdraw my amendment.
The question recurred on agreeing to the Senate
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis of In-
diana, and Briggs were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 66, noes 63.
So the amendment of the Senate was agreed to.
Seventy-ninth amendment of the Senate.
" Insert the following:
" And that there be paid to James B. Smallwood and
Martin Latrnite, boys attending upon the mail wagons of
the Senate, the suin of $146 each, being twenty percent,
in addition to their pay for the year ending 30th of June,
1853."
The question was taken, and the amendment of
the Senate was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee have now
gone entirely through the original bill. What fol-
lows consists of new sections inserted by the Sen-
ate. The Committee on Ways and Means have
had very little of that matter under consideration
at all.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to reject the balance
of the amendments. We have high authority for
pursuing this course. The Senate have disagreed
to all our amendments to the Army bill.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not think it is a precedent
which we ought to follow.
I The CHAIRMAN. The motion of the gen-
' tleman from Virginia is not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The bill to estab-
! lish the Territory of Washington has just received
the signature of the Speaker. This bill contains
no appropriation for the expenses of that Terri-
tory. I therefore offer the following amendment,
to come in at page 81, line 5:
For salaries of governor and superintendent of Indian
affairs, three judges, attorney, and marshal of Washington
Territory, from the time of their appointment to the end of
the fiscal year terminating June 30, 1854, an amount suffi-
cient to pay the same is hereby appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated;
For compensation and mileage of the Legislative As-
sembly, officers, clerk, and contingent expenses of the As-
sembly, and to defray the expenses of taking the census of
said Territory, the sum of $,-90,000, to be paid out of any
money not otherwise appropriated ;
I For thl# contingent expenses of the Territory, including
the salary of a clerk of the Executive Department, $1,500,
to be paid out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
The question was taken on Mr. Jones's amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. This seems to be the appro-
priate place to insert an appropriation for the ex-
penses of the Territory for the ensuing fiscal year
also.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee includes those expenses.
Mr. PHELPS. His only provides for the res- '
idue of this fiscal year, as I understand it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It provides for
the next fiscal year also.
Mr. PHELPS. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Tennessee if he embraced in his amend-
ment the salaries for the ensuing fiscal year ? '
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir; from the time of the ,
appointment of the officers to the end of the ensu-
ing fiscal year. ;
Eightieth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert the following : i
"Sec. 3. Jlndbe it further enacted, That from and af- j
ter the 30th of June, 3853, the clerks in the Department of >
the Treasury, War, Navy, the Interior, and the Post Office, \
shall be arranged into four classes; of which class number *
