1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1049
Mr. COBB. I offer the following amendment
br **T of addition to the section: j
'Ht it fwrtker tnacteJ, That Hie Secretary of the Treasury
It, kMi he   hereby, authorised and dirrciMl to extend the
time «*f p*> mem of all duties, except only the amount due
ia lee* to cu«tom houte officers, upon all iron rails, spike*,
K4ts fa^ninr*. And other imn necessary for, and to be
ased m the conjunction of railroads now or hereafter to be
into any of the ports of the United States^ for the
term of lour year*: iVor*«taf, That before the delivery ol*
tmeh iron raiK spike*, bolts, tastemnss, as above, the pay-
ment of the said duties, *o suspended by thw act, shall be
 rrur>M by the bond* « f such railroad companies, with good
pef*«>nM security b> be approved by the United States dts-
met jodfes: Provided j\trtkery That soou as any por-
tion • { such railroad* shall be completed a# will render it
tip^'eni t« the;«*ls5ine t of the Postmaster General to con-
tract wtih *uch rttln *d companies for the transportation of
the wail upon such railroad*, that the Postmaster General
4onulike contract* with such railroad couij>anies to carry
the n t-i a* at«*rrsaid, within such rales a* are charged by
©thrr railroad enmpinies tor like  ervtce; and that all such
sum* ** may arise in favor of such rat!road companies tor
the carriage of the matt as aft>re*aid, within the Mid term of
tour years from and alter the passage of this met, shall be
re^rrved by the Postmaster General for the benefit of the
Treasury, and applied as they fell doe toward* the payment
and satisfaction of the bonds of said companies, to be ex-
ecuted by them for the payment of duties as aforesaid.
S*kc\ • .  *f nd be it further eiwcterf, That before such rail-
road companies shall be entitled to the benefit of this act,
thev shall enter into an agreement to transport the t'nited
States mail, upon the terms and conditions prescribed by
law and lire refutations of the Post Office Department,
made in pursuance thereof: ProfM That the bonds to
be executed to secure the payment of the duties suspended
br this act, shall be so drawn as to secure the payment of
interest oa said duuea at the rate of six per centum per an-
Mr. DEAN. I submit that that amendment ia
not in Order, because it changes the existing rev-
enue laws, and also the laws in reference to the
Post Office Department.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. CUBB. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
The question was taken, " Shall the decision of
theChanr stand as the judgment of the committee?"
and it was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I beg leave to say,
after careful investigation of this subject, if I were
engaged in the iron manufacture, I would at this
time be in favor of making railroad iron duty
free. So far as American iron is concerned, there
is nothing which can be done to extend their mar-
ket so rapidly as by encouraging the construction
of railroads. Every mile of railroad that you open
creates an immense demand for American iron;
not only in the implements nsed in making the
road in the construction of the cars and engines,
but in all the auxiliaries that pertain to such im-
provements. Every farm that isopened inconse-
quence of the building of a railroad, makes a
market for harrows, plows, axes, rails, and for
every other farming implement. Take one illus-
tration of this kind—for it is impossible in a five
minutes speech to go into much detail—take the
ease of the Illinois Central railroad, what a mar-
ket, and a new _market, does it not create for
very shanty
additional he
into use increases the consumption of American
iron. Every additional acre brought into cultiva-
tion requires plows, harrows, hoes, spades, axes,
nails, chains, wheel tires, boxes, and everything
of that sort. I undertake to say that every mile
of railroad made in this country, creates a demand
for American iron to a much larger extent than
the mere amount of iron rails that \a put down
upon the road. Ifthe price of railroad iron is raised,
by continuing a duty upon it, you obstruct or delay
the construction of a single mile of railroad—there-
by you injure the iron interest. If a mile of rail-
road is not made in consequence of the high price
of iron, the American manufactorer gains nothing
in that case, as far as the rails are concerned, for
they are not furnished, but he loses the incidental
advantages I have alluded to. On the other hand,
however, if in consequence of railroad iron being
cheap, a road is made, which otherwise would not
have been made, the American iron-master gets
the incidental advantages and loses nothing. Now,
sir, in this country, we know that with most roads
projected, it is a touch-and-go business in raising
the money. Upon the difference in its cost of a
few per cent, often depends whether the enter-
prise is undertaken or not. In very many cases,
in consequence of the want of means, the road is
first laid down in a very frail manner. In the first
instance, that they may get under way, they use
the flat rails; as soon aa they can afford it, that
rail is superseded by a thick flat rail, and then
comes the T rail, &c. Upon a road of much bu-
siness, I do not doubt that in the long run, high-
priced American iron is cheapest; amfupon roads
that have the means, it will be generally used.
American iron! Every shanty that is put up re-
quires iron. Every additional horse that is brought
But those that have not the means, cannot buy it
at all. If, however, you encourage the construc-
tion of railroads, as they become prosperous and
their inferior iron used in the first instance begins
to wear out, they will resort to American iron.
So, by making inferior British railroad iron cheap,
you benefit the American iron-master, not only in
the incidental manner I first alluded to, but by
constantly opening a market for rails itself.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It seems to
me that the efforts which are now making are cruel
and unjust to various classes of the American peo-
ple. When the iron interest of this country was so
depressed that the iron-masters were obliged to ex-
tinguish their fires and turn forth their laborers
uponthe world, the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly,] and those who now act with him, refused
to raise the duty and bring up iron to a living
price. Now circumstances for a short period
probably have raised it to remunerating prices,
what is the object of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bayly ?J Not to take off the duty on iron
so as to relieve the mechanic, the farmer, the
ship-builder, and everybody else, but to favor
these corporations that have been built up by
hundreds and thousands at the expense of the
country, and to give to them the whole advantage.
1 do not know how far this Congress are pre-
pared to go for this policy. I am glad to see that
many of those who opposed the increase are now
with becoming consistency opposed to the reduc-
tion of duties, and I am astonished to see that a
portionofthoseupon this floor,who profess to be in
favor of the protection of American industry, and
are in favor of a judicious tariff, are here giving a
vote to contradict their own principles and acts,
and to make proclamation of it to the American
1 used to have great faith in Congress;
but I Bhall place little faith in their professions
hereafter, when I see New York and Ohio—not
those States who are anti-protective, but those
which profess to be protective—sustaining these
measures to break down the very principles that
they have professed, and which we believe to be
essential to the interests of the country. Why
are you relieving duties upon iron which will tend
to oppress the farmer, the mechanic, the ship-
builder, and favor the interests of immense cor-
porations, whom, I beg to say, have become the
rulers of this nation, and who sway the legisla-
tion of this Hall ? I hesitate not to say that if it
were not for them, the legislation of the country
would be different from what it is at present. I
for my part shall trouble this committee and House
no more.
I have said in a few words what I intended to
say. Those who have already paid the high du-
ties—as they have in many of the States—are to
be put upon a very different footing from those
who have their railroads yet to construct. Why,
at one time, when iron was highest, Illinois paid
high duties. I knew at the time there was a good
duty upon railroad iron, because there was no
railroad iron made in the United States. But ever
since the manufacture of railroad iron in the Uni-
ted States, there has been a duty paid upon it by
all. I venture to assert that the manufactories in
the United States are amply sufficient to supply
all the wants of this country, from Maine to Mis-
souri, and beyond the Snowy Mountains. The
idea now of encouraging the British to send in
their iron when they are excluded by temporary
circumstances, in the course of mercantile opera-
tions, seems to me to be an endeavor both in favor
of foreign power and foreign interest, which can
hardly be justified in the face of an intelligent com-
munity.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to accept an amendment. I wish to in-
sert the word " sugars," so that the duty will be
repealed upon that article.
Mr. BAYLY. I will accept the amendment of
the gentleman with pleasure.
Mr. ORR. Make the exemption apply to all
imports of iron.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman from Virginia to accept another modi-
nation of his amendment, and that is, after the ■
word " railroad," in the third line, to insert " and
other," so as to make it read " railroad and other
iron."
Mr. BAYLY. I only made my motion for the
purpose of saying a few words. I will accept the
modification.
[Cries of " Question !" " Question!"]
The question was taken upon the amendment
as modified, and it was not agreed to.
Mr.CARTTER. I renew the motion made by
the gentleman from Virginia, extending the time
to^ five years. The condition of this country at
this time in reference to railroad iron, as I under-
stand it, is this, as far as it affects the question
now pending before the committee: There is now
an immense quantity of railroad iron being con-
sumed in the United States, and the demand is
rapidly increasing. A very small percentage of
the railroad iron is manufactured in the United
States.
A Voice. Eighteen thousand tons.
Mr. CARTTER. Eighteen thousand tons
—one twentieth part of the amount consumed.
Pennsylvania claims the exclusive honor of man-
ufacturing this small percentage; and Pennsyl-
vania, through the gentleman who has just taken
his seat, appeals in behalf of the iron interests of
his State to Congress to keep its hands off railrond
iron. 1 desire to call the attention of this com-
mittee to this consideration, and particularly the
Representatives of New York and Ohio, and all
the West, that Pennsylvania, in open defiance of
the spirit of the Constitution, in open defiance of
the fraternity of States, has engaged in the mean
and miserable work of attempting to fence the
West out from the East; that she has established
railroad gages and all the other embarrassments
that mean legislation can impose upon the com-
merce of the country—that which is reported by
railroad men as equivalent to fifty miles of trans-
portation upon every livingman, and every pound
of merchandise that crosses the narrow neck of
land which constitutes her dominion upon Lake
Erie. It is said that she has thus legislated against
the giant interests of the West, and struggled to
raise up between her sisters of the West and the
East this barrier that has given them the misera-
ble percentage of eighteen thousand tons of iron;
and a State, sir, that has so little confidence in her
own capacity to manufacture railroad iron that—
it is an historic truth—she has laid down British
iron 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania, addressed the
committee in remarks which have been withheld
by him for revision. He said that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] was entirely mistaken
in his facts. That gentleman had alleged very
boldly that only eighteen thousand tons of rail-
road iron were manufactured in Pennsylvania, and
that for this the whole West was to be deprived of
i the opportunity of purchasing foreign iron. This
I was a great mistake. In his (Mr. P. 's) own dis-
trict they had manufactured over thirty thousand
tons of railroad iron this year. He knew this to
be a fact; and in the State of Pennsylvania, instead
of eighteen thousand tons, they manufactured
nearly eighty thousand tons of railroad iron this
year. Ifthe present state of things continues, they
will manufacture railroad iron, before the Pacific
railroad is built, in New York, Virginia, Mary-
land, Georgia, Tennessee—wherever the raw ma-
terial is found.
He contended that a most outrageous injustice
was sought to be perpetrated by the amendment—
one that would strike down a great leading inter-
est of the country—an interest which during the
last year had paid over three millions of revenue
into the public Treasury. How was it proposed
to supply the deficit which the release of those
duties would necessarily create? From 1831 to
1842 there was no duty on railroad iron, and du-
ring that period the Government lost over two mil-
lions and a half of dollars. Who would be bene-
fited by this amendment? Not the American
railroad companies; not the stockholders. They
would not be benefited one dollar by it- All the
benefit will go into the pockets of British manu-
facturers. The experience of the country showed
that this would be the case. [See Appendix.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the committee
rise for the purpose of arresting debate upon this
i particular amendment. I regret to have to ask
