1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
the committee to do it, but it is very evident that
we cannot get through the bill without it.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Stimrt) reported that the Committee of the W hole
on the state of the Union had had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly the
amendments of the Senate to the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill, and had come to no res-
olution thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON". I move to suspend the rules
to arrest the debate under the five-minute rule, in
Committee of the Whole on the stateof the Union,
on the eighty-fifth amendment of the Senate to the
civil and diplomatic bill.
The question was taken, and (two thirds voting
in favor thereof) the motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Stuart in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the amendments of the Senate to the
civil and diplomatic bill
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Ca rtter.]
Mr. CARTTER. I ask tbe consent of the
committee to modify my amendment so as to make
the time one year.
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has a
right to modify his amendment, and does modify
it.
Mr. CARTTER. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bocock and
Sutherland were appointed.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cartter's
amendment, and the tellers reported—ayes 59,
noes 85.
So the amendment was rejected.
The question was then taken upon the Senate
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Eighty-sixth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert the following:
"Sec. 7. Jlnd be v further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby authorized and required to cancel
any outstanding debenture bonds given previously to the
1st dav of July, 1850, upon the importation offoreign coals:
Provided, That the said coals have been exported to a for-
eign port or consumed upon the outward voyage, and shall
not have been consumed in the United States."
The question was taken, and the amendment of
the Senate was agreed to.
Eighty-seventh amendment of the Senate:
" Insert the following :
uSec. 18. And he it further enacted, That the third sec-
tion of the act entitled 'An act making appropriation? for
the civil ami diplomatic expenses of Government for the
yearendingJune30, J847,and for other purposes,' approved
August 10, 184*, be, and the same is hereby, revived and
continued in force for the fiscal year ending June 30,1854."
The question was taken, and the amendment
of the Senate was agreed to.
Eighty-eighth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert the following:
"Sec. II. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of tile Treasury he, and lie is hereby, authorized to purchase
at the current market price, any of the outstanding stocks
of the United States as he may think most advisable, from
any surplus funds in the Treasury: Provided, That the
balance in the Treasury shall not at any time be reduced
below $6,0(10,000."
The question was taken, and theamendment of
the Senate was agreed to.
Eighty-ninth amendment of the Senate: I
" Insert the following :
"Sec. 12. And he it farther enacted, And it is hereby 1
declared that the provision in these word* : * And for print- i
' ing the obituary notices of the decease of President Taylor, 1
* said contractor shall be paid the actual cost, with a profit l
of twenty per centum, according to the second proviso of,
the first section of tbe act making appropriations for the !
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government, for the I
'year ending the aoth of June, 1853, and for other purposes, 1
in relation to printing,' be, and the same is hereby, con- 1
strued to mean that the compensation for printing the obit- 1
uary notices of the decease of President Taylor shall be in
addition to the sum of$50,000 allowed in the same section 1
to Thomas Ritchie, assignee of William M. Belt."
The question was taken, and the amendment of
the Senate was not agreed to.
Ninety to ninety-fifth amendments of the Sen-
Ate:
" Insert the following:
12. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized and required to estab-
lish 111 the city ot New York an office lor the receipt and for
the melting, refining, parting, and assaying of gold and sil-
ver bullion andtoreign coin, and for casting the same into
bars, ingots, or disks. The Assistant Tre.isurci of the United
States m New York shall be treasurer ot (tie said assay of-
fice, and tiie Secretary of the Treasury shall, with the ap
probation and consent of the President of the United States,
appoint such other officers and clerks, and authorize the
employment ot such assistants, workmen, and servants as
shall be necessary for the proper conduct and management
of the said office, and of the business pertaining thereto, at
such compensation as shall be approved by the President:
Provided, That the same shall not exceed that allowed for
corresponding services under existing laws relating to the
Mint of tlie United States and its branches.
" Sec. 13. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the owner or
owners of any gold or silver bullion, in dust or otherwise,
or of any foreign coin, shall be entitled to deposit Ihe same
111 the said office, and the treasurer thereof shall give a re-
ceipt, stating the weight and description thereof, in the
manner and under tbe regulations that are or may be pro-
vided in like cases of deposits at the Mint of the United
States, wuli the tieasuier thereof. And such bullion shall
without delay be melted, parted, refined, and assayed, and
the net value thereof, and of ail foreign coins deposited in
said office, shall be ascertained, and the treasurer shall
thereupon forthwith issue his certificate of the net value
tnereof, payable in coins of the same metal as that deposited,
either at the office of the Assistant Treasurer of the United
States in New York, or at the Mint of the United States,
at the option of the depositor, to be expressed 111 the cer-
tificate, which certificates shall be receivable at any time
within sixty days from the date thereof, in payment of all
debts due to the United States at the port of New York for
the full sum therein certified. All gold or silver bullion and
foreign coin deposited, melted, parted, refined, or assayed,
as atoresaid, shall, at the opuon of the depositor, be cast in
the said office into bars, ingots, or disks, either of pure
metal or ol standard fineness, (as the owner may prefer,)
with a stamp thereon of such lorm and device as sltall be
prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, accurately
designating its weight and fineness : Provided, That no
ingot, bar, or disk shall be cast of less weight than five
ounces, unless the same be of standard fineness, and of
either one, two, or three ounces in weight.
" And ail gold or silver bullion and loreign coin,intended
by the depositor to be converted into the coins ot the Uni-
ted States, shall, as soon as assayed and its net value cer-
tified as above provided, be transferred to the Mint of the
United States under such directions as shall be made by
the Secretary of the Treasury, and at the expense of the
contingent fund ot the Mint, and shall there be coined.
'• And the Secretary ol the Treasury is hereby authorized,
with the approval of the President of the United States, to
make the necessary regulations for the adjustment ot the
accounts between the respective officers, upon the transfer
of any bullion or coin between the assay office, the Mint,
and assistant treasurer in New York.
" Sec. 14. Jl n il he it further enacted. That the operations
of melting, parting, refining, and assaying in the said office,
shall be under the general directions of the Director ot the
Mint, 111 subordination to the Secretary of the Treasury ;
and it shall be the duty of the said Director to prescribe
such regulations, and to order such tests, as shall be requisite
to insure taithfulness, accuracy, and uniformity m the op-
erations of the said office.
"Sec. 15. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the laws of
the United States for the government of the Mint and its
officers in relation to the receipt, payment, custody of de-
posits, and settlement of accounts, the duties and responsi-
bilities of officers and others employed therein, the oath to
be taken and the bond and sureties to be given by them, (as
far as the same may be applicable,) shall extend to the assay
office hereby established, and to its officers, assistants,
clerks, workmen, and othefs employed therein.
"Sec. 16. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the same j
charges shall be made and demanded at the said assay office
for refining, parting, casting into bars, ingots, or disks, and |
for alloy, as are, or shall be, made and demanded at the
Mint; and no other charges shall be made to depositors
than by law are authorized to be made at the Mint; and the
amount received from the charges hereby authorized shall
be accounted lor and appropriated for defraying the contin-
gent expenses of the said office. j
"Sec. 17. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury is authorized to procure by rent, lease, or
otherwise, a building or apartments in the city of New
York, suitable for the operations of said office, unless he
shall be of opinion that suitable apartments in the custom-
house in that city may be assigned for this purpose. And
he is also hereby authorized and directed to procure the
necessary machinery and implements for the carrying on
the operations and business of the said office."
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I thought we
had voted upon that.
The CHAIRMAN. This is another amend-
ment appertaining to the same subject.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Goodenow
and Sutherland were appointed.
Mr. ORR. Read the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment will be
again reported.
Mr. STEPHENS. I object to the reading. If
gentlemen will not retain their seats and keep -
quiet while amendments are being read, all of
these amendments may have to be read over twice.
Mr. MEADE. Can a majority control this
question?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes.
Mr. MEADE. Then I move that the amend-
ment be read.
The CHAIRMAN. A majority cannot con-
trol the question of reading, but it can the ques-
tion of adopting the amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, vote down the
amendment.
Mr. ORR. I think that is a very hard rule to
enforce when the amendments are not printed. I
hope the gentleman from Georgia will withdraw
his objection.
Mr. STEPHENS. I insist on my objection,
and then gentlemen will have to keep their seats
and listen to amendments when they are read.
Mr. ORR. Those of us who are trying to hear
are not responsible for the disorder of other gen-
tlemen. Does thegentleman want us to vote upon
propositions that we cannot understand?
Mr. STEPHENS. I kept my seat and heard
the amendment.
Mr. ORR. I tried to hear it, and I hope the
Clerk will report the amendment again.
Great confusion prevailed in the Hall.
The CHAIRMAN. It is in the power of the
Chair to suspend all business unless gentlemen
will preserve order. The Chair does not wish to
be considered severe, and he trusts that every
gentleman will appreciate his motives when he in-
sists on order being preserved in the Hall, so that
we may do the business of the country under-
stand! ngly.
The Clerk then again reported the amendment.
Mr. ORR. I do not believe the amendment can
be so amended as to make it a proper one. 1 hope
{ the whole matter will be voted down,
i [A message was here received from the Senate, by
the hands of Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, in-
forming the House that the Senate had concurred
in the report of the Committee of Conference upon
the bill to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1853.
That the Senate had agreed to the report of the
Committee of Conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill of the Senate
(No. 586) " to extend preemption rights to unsitr-
! veyed land, and for other purposes;" and
I That the Senate had agreed to the amendments
of the House to the bill of the House (No. 7) "to
provide for the survey of the public lands in Cali-
fornia, the granting of donation privileges therein,
and for other purposes."]
Mr. CARTTER. I desire to know whether
we are to adopt this long amendment, with all
these sections and provisions, without any investi-
, gation upon the part of the House, and without a
| word of explanation from any one ?
I The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
| Mr. BROOKS. In order to give me an oppor-
; tunity for a word of explanation, I move to strike
out the following proviso:
" Provided, That the same shall not exceed that allowed
1 for corresponding services under existing laws relating to
the Mint of the United States and its branches."
I Mr. Chairman, I desire to state to this commit-
; tee that this amendment provides for nothing but
' an assay office in the city of New York. It is
hardly worth while to go into an explanation of
all these provisions. They comprise the usual
details of an assay office, known to everybody,
and nothing else. It provides for seigniorage, but
does not charge the Government. In point of
fact, that seigniorage will bring revenue into the
Treasury, rather than take it out. I have nothing
more to say in relation to it.
The question now being upon the adoption of
the amendment to the amendment,
Mr. BROOKS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. DUNHAM. I move to amend by striking
out the last clause, which makes a continuous ap-
propriation.
[Cries of " Too late I"]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the gentleman's amendment comes too late.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 71, noes 65.
So the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in by the committee.
Ninety-seventh amendment of the Senate:
" Insert the following:
" Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That for the pur-
pose of obtaining the needful information, and for carrying
into effect the object of the resolution of the Senate passed
January 19, 1853, a sum not exceeding $10,000 be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated, to be expended under the di-
