1052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. HOUSTON. If my friend from Virginia
is going to continue this debate, I shall move that |
the committee rise, with a view of moving, in the \
House, to close debate upon this amendment. ;
Mr. SWEETSER. 1 call the gentleman from
Alabama to order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not going to discuss
this matter. I am anxious to get through with it, ,
as the enrolling clerks are waiting for the action
of the House upon the report of a committee of
conference.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move to amend by stri-
king out ยง5,000 from the appropriation.
Mr. Chairman, I beg the attention of the com-
mittee for two or three minutes, for I will not con-
sume five in my remarks upon this subject. It *
has been stated that an appropriation of $3,000
was made last session to finish the pedestal of the j
statue. It is now stated by the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr, Breckinridge] that Mr. Mills |
has incurred a debt of $6,000. I ask the commit- j
tee if they intend to make this appropriation to
Mr. Mills as a gratuity? Some gentlemen say
"Most certainly." I say most certainly not.
Gentlemen put your hands into your own pockets
to pay Mr. Mills, and I will give as liberally as
any of you.
I do not desire to detain the committee, but
wish a direct vote upon the proposition. The
committee understands the question. I consider
$15,000 as more than sufficient to pay him, but I
am willing to go that far.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. McMt LL!N,and it was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs upon
the Senate amendment as amended.
Mr. STANLY. I ask that the amendment may
be read.
A Member. It haa been read a number of
times.
Mr. STANLY. I was out upon a committee
of conference, and I have a right to know what
it is.
The amendment was accordingly read, as above i
inserted. j
The question was then taken on the amendment j
of the Senate as amended, and it was agreed to. 1
Mr. DUNHAM. The Committee of Confer- :
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the deficiency bill, are ready to make their re- j
port, and that they may do so, I move that the j
committee informally rise. 1
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker ;
resumed the chair.
DEFICIENCY BILL CONFERENCE. i
The Committee of Conference made the follow- ]
ing report: I
The Committee of Conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. \o. 33.5) "to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service of the fis- j
cal year ending the 30th of June, 1853,"have met, and after I
full and free conference, have agreed to recommend, and J
do recommend to the respective Houses as follows: ,
That the House of Representatives do recede from its j
disagreement to the 4th and 8th amendments of the Senate. I
That the Senate recede from its 9th amendment. I
That the Senate concur in the amendments of the House '
of Representatives to the 3d, 5th, 11th, and 14th amend- !
ment-5 of the Senate.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the pro- ,
vision contained in the 24th line of the 10th amendment of |
the Senate, and that the Senate concur in the other and ad-
ditional amendments of the Ilouaje to the said 10th amend-
ment of the Senate.
That the Senate recede from the l?.t, 2d, 5th, 8th, 13th,
and -39th clauses of its 13th amendment.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the 22d
clause of the 13th amendment of the Senate.
That the Senate concur in the amendments of the House
to the 6th and 23d clauses of its 13th amendment.
That the Senate agree to the House amendment to the
12th clause of its 13th amendment, with an amendment as ,
follows: in line 25 of page 3, strike out the word "as," and
insert" which."
That the Senate agree to the House amendment to the
16th clause of its 13th amendment with an amendment as
follows: strike out the 2d clause of said amendment con-
tained in lines from 7 to 18 inclusive.
That the Senate recede from so much of its 15th amend-
ment as is contained in the 8th section.
That the House recede from its disagreement to so much
of the lath amendment of the Senate as is contained in the
6th section.
That the Senate concur in the House amendment of so
much of the 15th amendment of the Senate as is contained
in the 4th section.
That the Senate concur in the House amendment of so
much of the 15th amendment of the Senate as is contained
in the 7th section, with the following amendments: after
the word " thereof" in line 3 of House amendment, insert
the words "or at any assay office of the United States."
Strike out the proviso in hues 8, 9, and 10, of said House
amendment, and after the word "fineness," at the end of
said House amendment, add the words " and the said act
entitled 'An act amendatory of exi^tinij laws relative to the
half dollar, quarter dollar, dime, and half dime,' shall take
effect and he in full force from and after the 1st day of April,
1833, anything therein to the contrary notwithstanding.' "
The following shows in detail the effect of the
action of the committee:
Senate amendments from the disagreement to
which the House recedes, viz: !
Fourth amendment: !
" Srike from the following paragraph all after the words i
1 $2X000 : >
" For completing the work of the Seventh Census, and
to prepare the same for publication, .$25,000; out of which
tiie Superintendent of the Census shall be allowed a com-
pensation at the rate of $3,000 per annum, from the time his ,
salary as Secretary of the Census Board ceased."
Eighth amendment:
" Insert after line 11 on page 5, as follows :
" For compensation to an assistant day-watchman of the
General Post'Otfice, from the 15th of September, 1852, un-
til the 30th of June, 1853, $475."
Senate amendments from which the Senate re-
cedes, viz:
Ninth amendment:
" Add after these words: i For expenses of the Board
of'Visitors at the Military Academy, $557 83,' the fol-
lowing :
" And that hereafter the salary of the master of the sword
at the Military Academy (West Point) 6hall be at the rate
of $1,200 per annum."
Amendments of the House to Senate amend-
ments in which the Senate concurs:
Amend third Senate amendment, which is as
i follows:
! "Add after these words: ' for the extension of the United
I States Capitol, .$400,000,' the following:
'^Provided, That so much of former appropriations for
1 the extension of the Capitol as remains unexpended, and
the appropriation now made, or which may hereafter be
made for that object, shall be disbursed by the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, under such regulations as the
President of the United States may prescribe; said Com-
missioner's accounts for such disbursement to be audited
and paid at the Treasury in the same manner as the ac-
counts of other civil officers charged with the disbursement
of public money. And said Commissioner shall report to
the President his disbursements and proceedings in time to
be presented to Congress at the commencement of each
annual session and at any other time when required : Pro-
vided further, That no part of this appropriation shall be
expended for any purpose during the preseut quarter of the
fiscal year."
" Strike out the words' by the Commissioner of Public
Buildings.'
" After word ' prescribe,'strike out the words' said Com-
missioner,' and insert in lieu thereof, the word 'the.' ;
" From the words ' and said Commissioner shall report to
the President, &c., strike out the word 4 Commissioner,'
and insert in lieu thereof, the words ' disbursing agent.'
" Strike out the whole of the proviso."
Amend fifth Senate amendment, which reads as
follows:
" Strike out of the following paragraph all down to the
word ' under,'and in lieu thereof insert these words : ' To
enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to pay for
certain books ordered fonts Library:"
" To pay for the Congressional Globe and Appendix, and
the Annals of Congress, ordered for the use of the Congres-
sional Library, under the resolution of the House of Sep-
tember 28,1850, $4,500."
Words substituted by the House for said amend-
ments of the Senate, in which the Senate concur,
viz:
" To pay for the Congressional Globe and Appendix, and
the Arinals of Congress, ordered for the use of the Library
of the House of Representatives."
The eleventh amendment of the Senate, viz:
" Insert after line 2, on page 11, the following:
" For clerk hire at the legation of the United States at
London for one year, $800; and that there be allowed and
paid to Captain Hiram R. Bangs, master of the American
bark Rienzi, or to his assignee, the sum of #608, being the
amount contracted to be paid to him by the American con-
sul at Gibraltar, for transporting to the United States nine-
teen prisoners,captured in Cuba and carried to Spain, who
were not American citizens, subject to any deduction that
may be proper for any advances on account of such trans-
portation that may have been made to him by said consul;
and that there be allowed and paid to Horatio I. Sprague,
consul as aforesaid, the sum of .$533 34, with interest thereon
from the 19th April, 1852, being for expenses incurred by
him in taking care of and providing for said prisoners, under
the direction of the American Minister at Madrid. The
foregoing respective sums to be paid out of the appropria-
tions formerly made for bringing American citizens, pris-
oners in Spain, to the United States; and if there be not a
sufficiency thereof unexpended, then any additional amount
necessary is hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
House amendment to the eleventh amendment
of the Senate, in which the Senate concur:
" Strike out all of the eleventh amendment of the Senate
after the words: (For clerk hire at the legation of the United
States at London, for one year, $800,' and in lieu thereof
insert the following:
" For relief of such of the Cuban prisoners, not citizens
of tne United States, as were pardoned by the Uueen of
Spain, and sent out of her dominions by the United States
Minister at Madrid and the American Consul at Gibraltar,
$713 34."
Fourteenth amendment of the Senate:
" Add after these words :
"Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, That hereafter no
books shall be distributed to members of Congress, except
such as are ordered to be printed, as public document*, by
the Congress of which they are members, the following:
" Provided, That this section shall not prohibit or inter-
fere with the distribution to members who have heretotOre
received books under an order of either House, of the re-
maining volumes or parts, so as to complete the sets of which
they have received part."
Amendment of the House to the above amend-
ment of the Senate, in which the Senate concur,
viz:
" Add the following:
" For paying expenses of David Dale Owen's geological
report, from Philadelphia to Washington, for one hundred
and seventeen boxes and porterage, $99 4r>; for insurance,
<590 ; for freight on one hundred and seventeen boxes, $146 ;
total,$335 45."
Amendment to Senate amendment from which
the House recedes, viz:
" From the following clause of the tenth amendment of
the Senate strike out '$36,600,' and insert in lieu thereof
< $20,000: >
" For clerks of President of the Senate and committees,
draughtsman, fireman in crypt, and other miscellaneous
items, $36,600."
Amendments of the House to Senate amend-
ments in which the Senate concurs, viz:
"Amend the tenth amendment of the Senate by adding
the following:
" For the printing of the Senate for the first session of
the Thirtv-second Congress, $14,533.
" For the printing of the House of Representatives for the
first session of the Thirty-second Congress, #25,570.
" For the printing of the Senate for the second session of
the Thirty-second Congress, $37,463.
" For the printing ofthe House of Representatives for the
second session of theThirty-second Congress, $56,194 ; the
same having been executed and to be executed by the pub-
lic printer under the provisions of the act entitled ' An act
to provide for executing the public printing, and establish-
ing the prices thereof, and for other purposes,'approved
August 26, 1852."
The 1st, 2d, 5th, 8th, 13th, and 20th clauses of
the thirteenth amendment of the Senate, from
which it recedes, viz:
First clause:
" For payment of arrearages due to the chief clerk of the
Bureau of Yards and Docks, on account of t-alary, as pro-
, vided by the act of 3d March, 1851, restoring the same to
j! that paid the chief clerk ofthe late Navy Board, $1,766."
l! Second clause:
11 " For arrearanes due to the chief clerk of the Bureau of
Construction, Equipment, and Repairs, on account of sal-
] j ary, commencing with the fiscal year 1851, the sum of $600;
1: and that the salary of the chief clerk of that bureau shall
11 hereafter be $1,700 per annum."
| Fifth clause:
j " For services rendered by the clerk in the General Land
1 Office charged with the superintendence ofthe Chickasaw
Indian business, from the 23d of May, 1837, to the 28th of
February, 1851, at $250 per annum, $3,437 50."
Eighth clause:
" For the erection of the necessary building for making
and providing gas and fitting the pipes for distributing it at
the Naval Academy at Annapolis, $2,500."
Thirteenth clause:
" For providing proper foundations for the custom-house
at San Francisco, authorized by the sixth section of the
act entitled ' An act to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1852,' and in addition to the sum of $40,000 hereto-
fore appropriated, $25,000."
Twentieth clause:
" For additional allowance to E. S. Norris, the sum of
$2,260 34, and to George R. Stutitz the sum of $1,958 50,
additional allowance made to them as deputy surveyors
under the surveyor general of Wisconsin and Iowa, and in
accordance with the recommendation^ and estimates ofthe
Commissioner ofthe General Land Office and the Secretary
ofthe Interior, dated respectively on the 11th and 14ih of
February, 1853."
Twenty-second clause of the thirteenth amend-
ment ofthe Senate, from the disagreement to which
the House recedes, viz:
" For the services of a striker in the shop of the Delaware
Indians, from August 1, 1823, to August 31,1826 ; and for
the services of a smith and striker in the shop of the Sene-
cas and Shawnees of Lewistown, from 17th of November,
1833, to 15th of February, 1838, deducting all amounts paid
for such service during said period ; and for balance due for
services on Seneca Mill dam, as estimated for by the prop-
er Departments, $2,229."
Amendment of the House to second and twenty-
third clauses of the thirteenth amendmend of the
Senate, in which the Senate concur:
Sixth clause of the thirteenth amendment ofthe
Senate, viz:
