1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
1053
" To supply a deficiency in the contingent expenses of
the office of the Secretary of the Treasury for the fiscal
year ending 30th of J une, 1853, $5,000."
House amendment to the above, viz:
" Strike out '$5,000,'and in liau thereof, insert'$4,550,"
Twenty-third clause of the thirteenth amend-
ment of the Senate, viz:
" For compensation of members of the House of Repre-
sentatives, for the year ending 30th June, 1853, in addi-
tion to appropriations heretofore made, $3,840."
House amendment to the above clause, viz:
" Strike out the words' members of the House of Rep-
resentatives for the year ending 30th J une, 1853, in addition
to appropriations heretofore made,' and in lieu thereof in-
sert the following:
" Five members ofthe House of Representatives appointed
acommittee of investigation upon all the facts touching the
connection of Thomas Corwin, Secretary ofthe Treasury,
with the Gardiner claim, and authorized to sit during the
recess between the first and second sessions of the present
Congress, the sum of."
Amendment of the House to the twelfth clause
of the thirteenth amendment of the Senate, in
which the Senate concurs with an amendment. 1
Twelfth clause of the thirteenth amendment of
the Senate, viz:
" For laying out and graveling the roads and walks, pur-
chasing manure and trees, and seeding down in grass, the
square south ofthe President's House, $13,000."
House amendment to twelfth clause of the thir-
teenth amendment of the Senate, viz:
" And for paying any balance as may be dne fbr work
done and performed;"
In which the Senate agree with the following
amendment, viz: I
Substitute the word " which" for " as." 1
The amendment of the House to the sixteenth |
clause of the thirteenth amendment of the Senate, j
in which the Senate concurs with an amendment,
is zis follows:
Sixteenth clause of the thirteenth amendment of
the Senate, viz: I
" For the reappropriation of $754 40, being a portion of |
the amount heretofore appropriated for the erection of a
custom-house at Eastport, Maine, and carried to the sur-
plus fund on the 30tb June, 1852."
House amendment to the above clause, viz:
" And that the unexpended balance of the appropriation
by the act of June 19,1834, 'for payment of the Georgia
militia,' &c-, which has passed by subsequent acts into the
surplus fund, be and the same is hereby reappropriated."
" For the reappropriation of the balance of an appropri-
ation made by the act of -27th April, 1816, as prize money
due to the captors of the Algerine vessels taken by the
American squadron under the command of Commodore
Decatur, and afterwards restored to the Dey of Algiers,
$123 73, to be paid to Sarah Morris, only heir of Robert
Mitchell,deceased, late amidshipman on board ofthe Uni-
ted States ship Guerriere, as the share of the said Robert
Mitchell, in the prize money aforesaid."
In which the Senate concurs, by striking out
the latter clause which has reference to prize
money.
The section of the fifteenth amendment of the
Senate from which the Senate recedes, viz:
"Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sum of
$300,000 be paid to the State of California, out of any mon-
eys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to be ap-
plied to the expenses of the State Government prior to the
admission of California into the (Jnion as a State."
The section of the fifteenth amendment of the
Senate, from a disagreement to which the House
recedes:
" Sec. 6. Jlnd. be it further enacted, That nothing in the
provisions of the act entitled ' An act to establish a branch
ofthe Mint of the United States in California,' shall be con-
strued so as to prohi bi t the appointment ofthe assayer th erein
authorized before the execution ofthe contract for, and the
completion of, the branch Mint buildings therein author-
ized ; but that the President is hereby empowered to ap-
point, in the manner prescribed by that act, an assayer for
said branch Mint in anticipation of the completion and es-
tablishment thereof; that tbe Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized to procure, by rent or lease, a building or
apartments, and to lease, purchase, or rent machinery in the
city of Sao Francisco, suitable (or the receipt, melting, and
assay of deposits of gold, in dust or otherwise, and for the
custody of gold coin ; and that thereupon, the office of the
treasurer of the branch Mint aforesaid, ex officio assistant
treasurer of the United States, as well as the office of the
assayer thereof, shall be established in such building or
apartments until such time as the said branch Mint shall be
completed. That the owners of gold bullion, in dust or
otherwise, shall be entitled to deposit the same with the
treasurer aforesaid, who shall give a receipt, stating the
weight and description thereof; and the said treasurer
shall, from time to time, deliver such bullion to the assayer
herein authorized, whose duty it shall be to melt the same,
cast it into a bar or bars, or disks, of suitable and conve-
nient size and form, to assay the same, and to stamp thereon
the proportions in thousandths, of the precious matal con-
tained. And thereupon, the said assayer shall return to
the said treasurer the bars or disks so melted and assayed,
who shall deliver the same to the depositor thereof, or his
order. That the said treasurer Is hereby empowered to
appoint, with the approval of the Secretary ofthe Treasury,
one clerk to aid him in the receipt and delivery of bullion,
the preparation of accounts, and in such other duties as he
may designate; also one weigher to weigh such bullion,
and such watchmen and servants as may be necessary in
carrying on the business devolved upon him. And the said
assayer shall have authority, with the approval ofthe Sec-
retary of the Treasury, to appoint an assistant, and also
such subordinate workmen as may be necessary for melting
and assaying such bullion: Provided, That the annual
salary of said assayer shall be $4,500, and that to the said
clerk and assistant there shall be allowed such annual sal-
ary, not to exceed $3,000 each, as the Secretary of the
Treasury may approve; to the weigher there shall be al-
lowed, on like approval, a salary not to excee'l $3,000; and
to tbe subordinate workmen and servants such wages as
are customary and reasonable in their respective stations
and occupations: Jlnd provided further, That the said treas-
urer and assayer, as well as the assistant assayer, clerk,
and weigher, herein authorized, shall, before entering on
their respective duties, take oath before some judge of the
United States, or of the State of California, for the faithful
performance of their respective duties, and shall also give
bond, with one or more sureties, to the satisfaction of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and in such sums as he shall
prescribe, conditioned for the faithful performance thereof.
That the general direction of the operations herein author-
ized shall be devolved upon the Director of the Mint, in
subordination to the Secretary ofthe Treasury; and it shall
be thedutyof the said Director to prescribe such regulations
and order such tests as shall be requisite to insure the faith-
fulness and accuracy of the aforesaid officers in the per-
formance of their respective duties. And that there is
hereby appropriated, out of the money heretofore appropri-
ated foi the establishment of a Mint in California, so much
as may be necessary for the purposes of this act: Provided,
That no contract be made for the erection and establish-
ment ofthe said Mint until the further order of Congress:
Jtnd provided further, That the lease of buildings herein au-
thorized shall not be for a period of more than three
years."
The Senate concurs in the House amendment
in the following words, viz:
" And that the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized to pay to John Me Reynolds tbe sum of
$1,000 for expenses incurred by him in removing materials
for the construction of a light-house in the State of Mich-
igan, the Department having changed the site after said
materials were delivered at the site first selected
To so much of the fifteenth amendment of the
Senate as is embraced in the folio wing section, viz:
"Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That so much Of
the 2d section of the act making appropriation for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending 30th of J une, 1853,
approved31st August, 1853, as provides that 'no portions
' of the moneys appropriated by this act shall be applifd to
' the payment of any expenses incurred prior to the first day
' of July, 1853,' be, and tbe same is hereby, repealed, so far
as it relates to the appropriation for light-houses contained
in said act, except as to the light-houses which have been
contracted for to be erected upon the Pacific coast."
That the Senate concur in the House amend-
ment (with an amendment) of so much of the fif-
teenth amendment of the Senate as is contained in
the following section:
" Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That when the gold
or silver shall be cast or formed into bars, or ingots, or disks,
no pieces as aforesaid shall be cast or formed of a less
weight than five ounces, unless they be of standard fine-
ness, and the charge for casting, or forming, or refining said
bars, ingots, or disks, shall not exceed the expense of exe-
cuting; the operation to be regulated, from time to time, by
the Secretary of the Treasury. And the Secretary of the
Treasure is hereby authorized to regulate the size and de-
vices of the new silver coin authorized by an act entitled
' An act amendatory of existing laws relative to the half
dollar, quarter dollar, dime, and half dime.' "
House amendment to the above, in which the
Senate concurs, viz:
"Strike out after the enacting clause down to and includ-
ing the word ' Treasury,' and insert:
"That when gold or silver shall be cast into bars, or in-
gots,or formed into disks, at the Mint of the United States,
or any of the branches thereof, the charge for refining, cast-
ing, or forming said bars, ingots, or disks, shall be equal to
but not exceed tbe actual cost of the operation, including
labor, wastage, use of machinery, materials, etc., to be reg-
ulated, from time to time, by the Secretary of the Treasury:
Provided, Said charge shall not exceed one half of one per
cent."
" And add after the words 'half dime,' at the end of sec-
tion 7, the following:
"Passed at the present session; and that, to procure such
devices, as also the models, moulds, and matrices or ori-
ginal dies for the coins, disks, or ingots authorized by said
act, the Director of the Mint is empowered, with the ap-
proval ofthe Secretary of the Treasury, to engage tempo-
rarily for that purpose the services of one or more artists,
distinguished in their respective Departments, who shall
be paid for such services from the contingent appropriation
for the Mint; and that hereafter the three cent coin, now
authorized by law, shall be made of the weight of three
fiftieths ofthe weight of the half dollar, as provided in said
act, and ofthe same standard of fineness."
Amendment of the Senate to the above amend-
ment ofthe House, in which the House concurs,
viz:
" Insert after the words ' or any of the branches thereof
the following: ' Or at any assay office of the United States.'
Strike out the proviso, and add after the word ' fineness,'
the following: ...
" And the said ast entitled ' An act amendatory of exist-
' ing laws relative to the half dollar, quarter dollar, dime,
and half dime,'shall take effect and be in full force from
and after the first day of April, 1853, anything therein to
the contrary notwithstanding."
Mr. SWEETSER. Will it be in order for the
House to vote on the propositions separately?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. DUNHAM. I do not propose to discuss
the report. It is such as we have been enabled to
agree on, and as I believe that it is fully under-
stood by the House, I call for the previous ques-
tion on its adoption.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope that the call for the
previous question will not be seconded, and that
we will not, by unanimous consent, let jobs be
carried before both Houses of Congress.
Mr. DUNHAM. I do not know what the gen-
tleman means by the remark he has made. I with-
draw the call for the previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a question of
order. No gentleman has the right to speak
twice on the same subject, while others are desir-
ous of obtaining the floor. The gentleman has
made a speech already—a short one, it is true—
recommending the adoption of the report, and he
then demanded the previous question. He had no
right to speak again.
The SPEAKER. The question of order is well
taken, and the Chair decides the gentleman is not
entitled to the floor.
Mr. TOOMBS made some remarks in opposi-
tion to the report of the Committee of Conference,
especially so far as that committee had yielded to
the Senate amendment proposing to divert the
$300,000 appropriated heretofore for the erection
of a Mint in California, to the purchase of ma-
chinery there for the establishment of an assay
office. He denounced it as a measure not intended
to subserve the interests of the people of California
or the country, but to cover a job for individuals.
He therefore moved a disagreement to the report
of the Committee of Conference, and asked that
another Committee of Conference be appointed on
the part of the House; and expressed the hope
that the rights and dignity of this House might
thereby be better maintained. If not, he hoped
that the House might vote down the bill.
Mr. DUNHAM. The remarks of the gentle-
man from Georgia need some response at my
hands, and I propose to reply very briefly. If the
committee have erred, I think that the gentleman
might have found a different reason for it than that
it was a committee appointed to sell out the dig-
nity and interests of this House.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 did not say so.
Mr. DUNHAM. The gentleman went further,
and said a little while ago that he anticipated that
this thing was to be accomplished through a com-
mittee of conference of this House. I can only
say for myself, and I presume the same is true of
the other members of the committee, that I was
appointed upon this committee by no solicitation
upon my part.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not know who is on the
committee, but I know for the last two years in
Congress that these jobs have been covered by
committees of conference. I have no reference to
individuals at all.
Mr. DUNHAM. It is well enough for the
gentleman to talk about this as a job; but if he
were elsewhere, if he were in the other end of the
Capitol, he would hear a different story. He
1 would hear this spoken of as a means of prevent-
ing jobs. If, therefore, those who immediately
represent California cannot agree as to the wants
and interests of her citizens in this matter, how
can you expect those who have no interest in her,
except that general interest which concerns the
! whole country, should understand exactly what
is desired by them; and if therefore, we differ in
regard to the matter, cannot this difference be at-
' tributed to something else than a disposition to
sell out the rights and dignity of this House ? Of
the many numerous and important amendments
to this bill which the House had rejected, there
were but few of them which were acquiesced in
by this Committee of Conference. I will venture
the assertion that you have seldom had a Commit-
tee of Conference from this House who were
compelled to act upon so many important matters
as those contained in these amendments where
the House has been recommended to recede from
their opposition to so few as is proposed by this re-
i port. As I understand this matter, in making this
