1S0S.
THS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1055
The SPEAKER pro tem. The Chair will state
that the previous question was exhausted when
the vote was taken on the report of the Committee
of Conference.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Speaker, both at this ,
session and at the last session, has regularly de- |
cided that when you move in such a case as this t
to reconsider, you are in the same condition as
you were before—under the operation of the pre-
vious question—and that the motion to reconsider |
cannot be debated. j!
The SPEAKER pro tem. The gentleman from >
North Carolina is mistaken, according to the rec-
ollection of the Chair. The uniform practice has ;
been that when the motion upon whicn the previ-
ous question had been callea had been disposed
of, the previous question had exhausted itself.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Until the present Con-
gress, that course has been pursued; but during
the present Congress, the practice has uniformly
been as I have stated.
Mr. FITCH. The gentleman from North Car-
olina, I think, is certainly mistaken. During the
whole Congress, in every case which has come
up when a motion has been made to reconsider,
the Speaker has decided that motion to be debat-
able.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 insist upon my point of
order, and I ask the Chair to decide it. If the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Nabers] voted
upon both sides, I submit that he cannot make the
motion to reconsider. j
A Member. The practice has universally been
to allow any member to move a reconsideration
of a vote upon which the yeas and nays were not
taken. I
Mr. LETCHER. The confusion was so great I
that 1 believe many gentlemen did not know upon j
which side they were voting; but I insist that if ;
the gentleman from Mississippi voted in the mi- |
nority, he has no right to move to reconsider.
Mr. ORR. I can relieve the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Letcher] from all doubt upon this |
subject. The gentleman from Mississippi did
vote in the affirmative, but when he found that the |
report of the Committee of Conference was not j
likely to be concurred in, he went to the tellers [
and changed his vote—as he had a perfect right to
do—in order to give him an opportunity to move
a reconsideration.
Mr. LETCHER. With that statement of facts
I am satisfied, and will withdraw my question of
order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to present another
question of order. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] made a motion—which I think
was recognized by the Chair—to disagree to the
report of this committee, and appoint another
committee of conference. The previous question
has certainly not exhausted itself upon that.
The SPEAKER pro tem. Hie Chair recollects
the motion of the gentleman from Georgia, but
thinks it was not to disagree and appoint another
committee of conference.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; that was my motion.
I moved to disagree with the report and appoint
another committee of conference.
The SPEAKER pro tem. That was not the
motion upon which the committee voted. The
Chair distinctly announced the question to be upon
concurring in the report of the committee of con-
ference, and that was the motion upon which the
House voted.
Mr. TOOMBS. That was not my motion. I
rose and made the motion distinctly—whichl sup-
posed to be in order—to disagree and appoint an-
other committee.
The SPEAKER pro tem. The Chair decides
that the motion of the gentleman could not be
made. It would not be in order to entertain a mo-
tion to appoint another committee of conference
until the report of the first committee had been
disposed of.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Oh, no. The
Chair is certainly mistaken in that.
The SPEAKER pro tem. After the committee
had disagreed to the report of the first committee,
it would be in order to move to appoint another
committee, but not before. The Chair decides the
motion of the gentleman from Mississippi to be in
order, and he further decides that the motion is
debatable. The gentleman from Mississippi there-
fore will proceed.
Mr. N ABE RS. Mr. Speaker, I have made this
motion to reconsider because, under precisely sim-
ilar circumstances, I have seen the motion made
again and again, since I have been a member of
this House; and it is not, therefore, an unprece-
dented motion. I think, therefore, I am correct in
saying that, in making this motion I have not
committed the slightest breach upon the ordinary
mode of procedure in this House, and I think gen-
tlemen may well spare their excessive anxiety with
regard to the propriety and regularity of the pro-
ceeding. In relation to this matter of a change of
vote, who does not know that it is done again and
again upon this floor? Why, sir, I do not think
I have seen a vote taken by yeas and nays during
the present Congress, when some member did not
get up and change his vote before the final result
was announced. What, therefore, is there strange
or unprecedented in this ? Nothing.
But, sir, I should not have made this motion—
for I have no desire upon the face of the earth to
say a word—but for the fact that having been
placed upon this Committee of Conference upon
the part of the House, I felt it due to myself, and
to my colleagues upon that committee, to say some-
thing in vindication of our action in relation to this
report, which has just been rejected by this House.
Upon this account I somewhat regretted that my
friend from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] called the
previous question upon the motion to concur in the
report of the committee quite so soon as he did;
though if he had known that I desired to say any-
thing upon that motion, he would have stayed here
all night before he would have made it. There is
no doubt about it at all. [Laughter.] But there are
other reasons why I did not desire to speak upon
the present occasion. I have been exceedingly
unwell for three or four days; so much so that I
have been able to be in my seat only a limited
portion of the time.
Sir, what were the circumstances under which
the Committee of Conference wereappointed ? and
what were the duties incumbent upon that com-
mittee ? Here we are almost at the very last hour
of this session of Congress. Here are multitudes
of important bills undisposed of; and do you sup-
pose that three modest gentlemen like myself [a
laugh] and my colleagues upon this committee
should be able to control, in every case, the action
! of the committee upon the part of the Senate ? I
< am sure not a gentleman upon this floor would for
a moment think of such a thing. Sir, the thing is
. unheard of. The very object of, and understand-
ing in, appointing a Committee of Conference is,
that the House shall cede some things, and the
Senate cede some things, and thus arrive at a har-
monious conclusion. The object is to arrive at
some practical result in transacting the business of
the country.
It was very properly observed by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Durham,] that in the result of
1 this Committee of Conference, Hie House has
I receded from as few of its amendments and dis.-
I agreements as perhaps was ever observed in any
! simiiar case.
A word now in regard to the measure which
I has constituted the origin of this difficulty—I mean
i this assay office in California, for it is upon that
j the gentleman has based his own remarks, and
1 upon which this discussion has arisen; what are
the facts in relation to this matter? My infor-
l mation is that the members in this branch of Con-
i gress from the State of California oppose this
assay office, and in the other branch one Senator
opposes and the other favors it. It will be re-
] membered that the chairman of the Committee
on Finance of the Senate was also a member of
| this Committee of Conference, and I learned that
this plan for an assay office was not the plan
i [ specially brought forward by interested parties in
California, but it was the plan of the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, [Mr. Huntur J and
I therefore take it to be a good plan, for he is a
gentleman who has investigated fully such ques-
tions. In a matter like this I willingly defer to his
judgment, fbr his investigation into these matters
fives him the right to know infinitely better than
do. Well, sir, suppose we have not a Govern-
ment assay office in San Francisco, California,
what do you propose to do for the miners there ?
Mr. CARTTER. I ask the gentleman if he
will give way for a motion that the House ad-
journ ? ,
Mr. NABERS. I have no objection if I shall
be entitled to ths floor to-morrow.
Mr. CARTTER. I certainly do .not wish to
deprive the gentleman of the floor. I inquire of
the Speaker if the gentleman will not be entitled
to the floor to-morrow if the House should now
adjourn ?
The SPEAKER fro tem. He will, in the opin-
ion of the Chair.
Mr. CARTTER. Will the gentleman then
give way for a motion to adjourn?
Mr. NABERS. I will if it is the wish of the
House.
[Loud cries of "No!" "No!" " Do not ad-
journ."]
Mr. NABERS. Very well, I prefer to go on,
and so far as I am concerned, I am willing to sit
all night if we oan place the business of the House
in a better condition. I desire to come to some
agreement in relation to this report of the Com-
mittee of Conference. Sir, I desire that the busi-
ness of this House and of this Congress shall not
remain in such a condition at the close of the
present session as shall force upon the incoming
Administration the necessity of calling an extra
session of Congress. I desire very earnestly to
avoid that, and gentlemen must see that if we ad-
journ leaving everything in an unsettled condition,
so far as the necessary legislation for the session
is conoerned, the necessities of the country would
compel the Presidentelect to call an extra session.
Extra sessions are always disastrous to the party
calling them; and I therefore wish to avoid any-
thing of the sort.
But I was proceeding to say something upon
the subject of this assay office in California.
The establishment of that assay office according
to the plan proposed in this bill must, in my judg-
ment, operate beneficially to the miners of that
region of country. I think it provides that the
gold shall be assayed for the actual cost to the
individual ownihg the £o1d, and it will have the
effect of saving the miners from the exorbitant
exactions spoken of yesterday by the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Marshall.] Sir, we need
this assay office there for the reason that there are
private assay offices there now which are in oper-
ation, and which charge the miners and the own-
ers of the gold from one and a half to two—arid I
presume sometimes as high as two and a half—
per cent, for assaying the gold.
Mr. McCORKLE. Not so high as that.
Mr. NABERS. Well, sir, I understand they
charge from one and • half to two and a half per
; cent., and with this fact staring him in the face,
can any gentleman upon this floor say that an as-
| say office established by the Government of the
United States, which should assay the gold for the
actual cost, would not operate beneficially to the
miners ? It seems to me every one must arrive at
that result.
Sir, there are various other considerations which
I slight adfktee, if my time and the condition of
my health would allow, which, induced the Com*
mittee of Confcrence io agree to that amendment
of the Senate. But I do not desire to go into a
discussion of the other branches of this report, and
with theee remarks will yield the floor.
Mr. STUART. Mr. Speaker, I was in favor
of concurring in the report of this Committee of
Conference when it first came up; but this House
has settled that question by a very decisive major-
ity, and we are now in this condition: The House
has come out of the Committee of the Whole in-
formally, and you cannot make up the record as
it now stands. Unless you go back into commit-
tee, again at some point the Journal cannot be made
up. So far as the Journal is concerned, we are
now in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. The House has determined by a large
majority to have another committee of conference
at the risk of losing this bill. I move that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman if Ite
will not withdraw that motion, and let us go back
into committee.
[Cries of "Question !" " Question !"]
Mr. STUART. I want this motion to recon-
sider to be disposed of now, and that another com-
mittee be appointed.
Mr. ORR. If the motion of the gentleman from
Michigan is agreed to, and the motion to recon-
sider laid upon the table, will it not also carry
the bill with it to the table ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that 4
will not.
