1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1059
was proposed, but a mere iiffstake of logic. It
was a subject in which 1 frit a great deal of inter-
ns:, and evinced more temper that 1 ought to have.
I was angry, and I am sincerely sorry that I used
the language I did.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the vote be taken in
gross upon all the amendments on which a sepa-
rate vote is not called for.
The SPEA KER. That is not in order.
Mr. DEAN. I move to suspend the rules for
that purpose.
The SPEAKER. That is not In order.
[Cries of " Read on !" " Go ahead!" and great
confusion all over the Hall.]
The question was then taken on the first amend-
ment of the Senate, and the Speaker announced
that it was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON. I would suggest that the
Speaker should announce the action of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
upon each amendment.
The SPEAKER. Every possible proposition
to expedite business, as the Chair conceives, has
been made and objected to by some one member.
Debate is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. We all understand what we
have done to-day in committee, and all I ask is,
that the Chair will put the question on concurring
in the report of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. The House have just
agreed to an amendment which was disagreed to
in committee.
The SPEAKER. If there has been any mis-
take in regard to the amendment just voted upon,
the Chair will again propound the question. The
Chair stated, and supposed that every gentleman
understood it, that as a matter of convenience, he
would put the question upon agreeing to the amend-
ments of the Senate, and we have been acting upon
that rule all day. The rules, however, require that
the question shall be put in a different form, and as
it is demanded, the Chair will put it in that form.
The question was then put, and the report of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the first amendment of the Senate was
"Concurred in.
The Clerk then read the 3d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th,
7th, and 8th amendments of the Senate, and the
action of the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union in respect to each of them respectively
was concurred in.
Mr. STANLY. I am unwilling to detain the
House, and it is evident that it will take two or
three hours to read the amendments in this way,
and they have just been read in committee. There
was one amendment which the gentleman from
Alabama stated that the Committee on Ways and
Means reported against, and it was rejected in
Committee of the Whole. Now, I think that was
a mistake. 1 refer to the amendment with regard
to the assistant Secretary of State. I think that
* is necessary and that it ought to be agreed to. I
understand that Mr. Marcy is in favor of it, and
it is for the benefit of the Democrats.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is this in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. STANLY. I only wish to save time. I
want that matter fairly stated to the House and to
have a separate vote upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from North Carolina desires that a
vote already taken through mistake 
Mr. STANLY. Not here, but in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Uniort.
Mr. BAYLY. With reference to that amend-
ment I beg leave to state that three successive
Secretaries of State have recommended it 
[Cries of « OrderOrder!"]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Have we
opened debate upon these amendments?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire if it is in order to
ask for a separate vote upon the amendment which
proposes to establish an assay office in the city of
New York.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, until the
Clerk reaches that amendment in the reading.
Mr. HAMILTON. We are going to dispense
with the reading by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again put
that proposition to the body. Is it the unanimous
consent of the House that each gentleman desiring
a separate vote upon an amendment shall call for
it, and that the vote shall be taken in gross on
those amendments on which a separate vote is not
desired?
I Air. MANN. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. We cannot possibly dispose
of these amendments to-night. I move that the
House adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. GOODRICH. Will the Chair allow me
: to make a single suggestion?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, and the
Chair can only hear the gentleman by unanimous
consent.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot indulge
this irregular discussion. The Clerk will proceed
with the reading of the amendments.
The Clerk then reported the 9th, 10th, 11th,
12th, 13th, 14th, 15th, 16th, 17th, 18th, 19th,
20th, 21st, and 22d amendments of the Senate,
and the House concurred in the action of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
with respect to each of them.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask that the reading of the
amendments may be suspended, except in those
cases upon whicn separate votes are demanded.
The SPEAKER. That has been objected to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the objection is
withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. If it is, the gentleman who
made it will rise in his seat and state that fact to
the House. We have had discussion enough
about this matter.
The Clerk then reported the 23d, 24th, 25th,
26th, 27th, 28th, 29th, 30th, 31st, 32d, 33d, 34th,
35th,36th,37th, 38th, 39th, 40th, and 41st amend-
ments of the Senate, and the House concurred in
the report of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union in respect to each of them.
Mr. MANN. I learn from an interview with
the Chair that I was misunderstood with regard
to the ground I took in the objection which I made
a short time since. I objected only to taking the
question in a lump, without reading the amend-
ments, and not to the Clerk's reading on until
Bome member should see cause to interfere and
call for a separate vote upon a particular amend-
ment. That, I believe, has been the usual course
here.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
of the House that the Clerk shall read the balance
of the amendments, and that separate votes shall
be taken only upon such amendments as any
member may call for a separate vote upon ?
[Cries of " Yes, yes !" " Agreed !" and " No
objection," from all parts of the Hall.
The forty-seventh amendment having been read
by the Clerk, as follows:
" For continuing the construction of the hospital at St.
Louis, Missouri, $20,000,"
Mr. DARBY said: Mr.Speaker,I hwre a very
great anxiety about that amendment. When it
was under consideration in committee, I under-
stood several gentlemen voted against it because
they did not understand it. I hope this amend-
ment will be concurred in by the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman from Missouri that he cannot debate
the amendment.
Mr. DARBY. Well, sir, I want the House to
understand upon what they are voting. I ask the
Speaker if the Committee did not recommend this
appropriation of $20,000?
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union recommended a non-
concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. DARBY. Well, sir, I hope the House will
not adopt the recommendation of the committee.
I ask for a separate vote upon that amendment.
The question was taken, and the recommenda-
tion of the committee was adopted by the House,
and the amendment non-concurred in.
Mr. FREEMAN. I understand the forty-sixth
amendment has been adopted. I ask the Speaker
if I am correct?
The SPEAKER. It was read, but a separate
vote was called upon it, and it therefore has not
been voted upon at all.
Mr. FREEMAN. What was the report of
the committee upon it?
The SPEAKER. The committee recommend
a non-concurrence in the amendment.
I Mr. FREEMAN. I ask for a separate vote
I UjMIIl il.
Several Members. It is too late now, we have
pa-sed it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
|! gentleman from Mississippi has the right to n k
for a separate vote, notwithstanding it has been
> passed.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
" For the completion of the marine hospital at Evansville,
Indiana, $>*20,000; and for the marine hospital at Natchez.
$4,000." '
The question was then taken, and the recom-
mendation of the Committee of the Whole on the
state qf the Union was adopted, and the amend-
ment non-concurred in.
Mr. DAWSON. I ask for a separate vote upon
the fifty-third amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was read, as follows:
" Jlnd be it further enacted, That an officer shall be ap-
pointed in the Department of State to be called the Assist-
ant Secretary of State, whose salary shall be $3,000 per
annum, payable in the same manner as that'of the Secre-
tary of State, who shall perform all such duties in the office
of the Secretary of State belonging to that Departinait as
shall be prescribed by the Secretary of State, or as inky be
required by law."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to make
one remark to correct a misapprehension which lias
arisen in reference to this amendment.
[Loud cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. JONES. I only desire to say one word,
to correct a misapprehension which I am sure 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object to
any debate. a
The SPEAKER. The committee recommend
a non-concurrence in the amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. Well, sir, I hope the House
will not adopt the recommendation of the com-
mittee.
[Cries of "Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. DAWSON. The duties of the Secretary
of State have so increased, and have become so
arduous, that the appointment of this officer has
become a matter of absolute necessity.
[Shouts of "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. DAWSON. I trust this House will not
adopt the recommendation of the committee, but
will agree to the Senate amendment.
[Shouts of "Order!" all over the Hall, and
great confusion J
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania cannot be per-
mitted to proceed.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I move that this House
do now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the recommendation of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union upon the fifty-
third amendment of the Senate, and being taken,
the report was adopted, and the amendment non-
concurred in by the House.
Mr. BOWIE. I ask for a separate vote upon
the sixty-first amendment of the Senate.
The amendment was read, as follows:
" For a bridge across the Potomac afLittle Falls, to be
expended under the direction of the Presidentof the United
States, $50,000."
The SPEAKER. The committee recommend a
non-concurrence in that amendment, and the ques-
tion will be upon the adoption of the report of the
committee.
Mr. BOWIE. Upon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BOWIE. I ask for tellers upon the ques-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dean, and
Parker of Pennsylvania, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 79, noes not counted.
So the amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in by the House.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I demand
a separate vote upon the sixty-second amendment
of the Senate.
The amendment was read, as follows:
"To be expended under the direction of the President of
the United States for the purpose of bringing water into the
city of Washington, upon such plans and from such places
as he may approve, $150,000: Provided, That if the plan
adopted by the President of the United States should re-
quire water to be drawn from any source within the limits
of Maryland, the assent of the Legislature of that State
thould fir at be obtained-"
