1062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
beyond what I thought reasonable under the cir- r
cumstances of the case, or due to this body. I ;
have no doubt that the committee did the best it
could.
But what I want to draw attention to is, that
while the House accedes to the report of theCom-
mittee of Conference 011 the military bill, the mo-
ment another Committee of Conference agreed
to any arrangement or compromise or agreement
between the two Houses which secures effectually
any part of the amendments which the Senate put
011 the deficiency bill, the House refuses to con-
cur 111 the report. Therefore it seems to me we
are brought to the question whether the Senate is
reaily prepared to recognize and admit the idea |
that they stand here for no other purpose in re-
gaul to these bills, than to register by their assent, !i
wh-it has been passed h v the House of Represent-
atives. I, for one, do not admit that to be the po-
sition of this body. It is a coordinate branch of
the National Legislature; and while the House of
Representatives are the immediate representatives
of the people, we are the immediate representa-
tives of the States of this Union; we represent
those great national corporations which, in the
judgment of some gentlemen of the body, were
the actual parties who formed the Constitution
itself. Now I am absolutely certain that it never
was the intention of the framers of that instru-
ment that the Senate should occupy any subordin-
ate place with regard to the House of Represent-
atives. We have the same authority to introduce,
report, and pass appropriation bills as the House
of RepresentRtives. There is but one function, to
wit, the originating of bills to raise revenue, which
is confided to the House; and the Constitution is
so cautious even in that, that it provides express-
ly that although such bills shall originate in the
House, the full power of proposing amendments
to them, as well as to other bills, shall be in the
Senate.
Jt appears to me that now is the time, and the
opportunity is presented upon this deficiency bill,
to say whether the Senate will yield further than
they have yielded already. I, for one, am not
prepared to do it. We have accepted the report
of the Committee of Conference, agreed to by the ;
managers on the part of the House, as well as our
own. We agreed to it. The House of Repre-
sentatives refused; and if the bill is lost in conse-
quence of that refusal, let the responsibility be
upon them. Is it to be understood—it must be
understood, if the Senate agree to a further Com-
mittee of Conference,—that the Senate is willing
to recede still further with regard to the amend-
ments put u pon that bill, than their committee were
willing to recede ? I hope, sir, that the Senate will
not agree to the proposition for the appointment
of a further committee. I hope we will vote that
proposition down; and if it is voted down, I will
then submit a motion that the Senate adhere to
their amendments proposed to this bill.
Mr. HUNTER. The remarks of the Senator
from North Carolina—I have no doubt uninten-
tionally on his part—will have the effect of doing
injustice to the Committee of Conference of this
body. If such arithmetic as that is produced it
must have that effect inevitably. He must remem-
ber, in the first place, that the House agrees to
many of the amendments of the Senate. So that
in order to see how many instances there are in
which the House agree, you must go beyond the
report of the committee, you must go beyond all
the disagreement, and go to the number of amend-
ments proposed by the body amending the bill.
Take, for instance, the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill. We put on one hundred and two
amendments. The House adopted uncondition-
ally, more than sixty of them, and conditionally,
seven or eight more; and if we should give way on
a majority of the remaining matters of difference,
it would not follow that the Senate was occupying
an inferior position, or obtaining less than the
House. Par from it. The Senator's mode is not
the way to institute the comparison. Nor does it
follow, when we agree to appoint another com-
mittee of conference, that the Senate admits it will
recede. We do not know what that committee
will do. We say by that act, we are willing to
confer with them, and unless that disposition
should exist, it would be impossible to go on with
the public business. The House is not satisfied
with what its committee did, and with what we
did. They ask another conference. Why not
be willing to meet them? If we do, how are we ,
more committed than the House? The whole sub- 1
ject is open. The former report was adopted by
us as an entirety, and when the House refused to
concur, the whole subject was opened again. It
will be time enough to raise the question as to
whether the Senate is giving up too much, when
the second committee asked for shall have re-
ported. I am satisfied we have not tune to go into
a discussion on this question. 1 merely throw
out these remarks to protect the committees of
conference, who have great responsibility as well
as great labor imposed upon them. 1 hope the
Senate will agree to appoint another committee.
Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to say that to be placed
upon a committee of conference upon any of these
bills is not much to be desired; but when gentlemen
here have been appointed to serve on such com-
mittees, and have undertaken to discharge the
duties, I think it is out of place to have their con-
duct condemned.
Mr. B4DGER. I will say to the Senator that
I did not condemn their conduct.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator was understood
to do it with regard to the committee appointed
to consider the amendments uppn the military ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. BADGER. Quite the contrary. I merely
mentioned the fact that our committee receded
trom a great many of the amendments we had
made to which the House objected. I did not
condemn the committee. My objection was that
we agreed to what our committee adopted prompt-
ly and willingly, and that the House refused to
concur.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am willing to let itgo at that.
I was going to remark that it is true that a major-
ity of the amendments adopted by the Senate and
disagreed to by the House were receded from; but
it was under the impression that the House were
right and we were wrong. There was one 1m-
i portant amendment relating to the adjudication of
claims in California in regard to which we were
assured that the House would not pass it now,
and that if the committee adhered to it, we should
endanger the fate of the bill. Therefore we re-
ceded from it.
Mr. DAVIS. It is a wise saying: "Agree
with thine adversary quickly, while thou art in
the way with him." Tne way is very short. We
have only this legislative day, and I should regret
very much, with the amount of business which we
have before us, to exhaust the day in a contro-
versy on this point. I like the conciliatory spirit
of my friend from Virginia, and I hope the Sen-
ate will agree to the proposition made by the
House; but I also hope that the same committee
j to which this business was intrusted before may
have the charge of it again. That is the shortest
way to dispose of the matter. I make the motion
that we agree, and that we refer the matter to the
1 same committee on our part.
■ Mr. HUNTER. Not to the same committee.
! The House has appointed a different committee,
and it is usual to appoint a different committee on
a second conference.
Mr. BADGER. I do not want to be misun-
derstood. I had not the least intention to cast the
slightest reflection upon any of the gentlemen upon
the Committee of Conference, either on the part
of the Senate or the House, but what I say is this,
that we promptly agreed to the report of the com-
mittee, and the House instantly repudiated it. My
friend from Virginia says that the House agreed
to most of our amendments. That is not a fair
way of (stating it. The amendments which they
agreed to, both Houses concurred in just exactly
as we pass three fourths of their bills without
I amendment. It is the points of difference between
the two Houses, which constitute the elements to
enter into this question; and I do hope tl^it the
Senate will not give way any further.
I Mr. G WIN. I agree with everything the Sen-
: ator from North Carolina has said, that there is a
point beyond which the Senate cannot go, and that
|, it is time that we should at least adhere to what
j! our Committee of Conference has done, when we
II are at this late period of the session. I am en-
jj tirely of the opinion that the Committee of Con-
11 ference on the special bill made a great sacrifice to
get an agreement with the committee of the other
House. Why, they gave up what I think is one
of the most just and meritorious claims ever made
against this Government, one which the Senate
has passed three times and sent to the House—a
claim which California has for an outfit from the
time her government was organized until her ad-
mission inttfcthe Union. Sir, upon three different
occasions, and at three different sessions, that has
passed the Senate, and has every time either slept
in the House, or been rejected there. Now I
think that if you will examine the deficiency bill,
you will find that the Committee of Conference
gave up nearly three fourths of the amendments
of the Senate in order to conciliate the House, and
get their concurrence in others. All I have to say
is this, that the remark of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts has struck me with a great
deal of force; and I think that inasmuch as the
Senate have approved of the conduct of the com-
mittee which they appointed, they should be placed
exactly where they were, that the same committee,
having received our approbation, should meet a
new committee on the part of the House, and con-
sult with them. The House have disagreed to
the act of their committee, and have appointed
another, and we have sanctioned the conduct of
our committee. I think, therefore, it is due to
these gentlemen and to the Senate, that the House
should be represented by a new committee, and
that the opinion of the former Senate committee
should be sustained. Although I shall vote for
the proposition of the Senator from North Caro-
lina to adhere, yet, if a majority of the Senate are
for another conference, I hope we may send the
same committee to consult with the committee of
the House.
Mr. BORLAND. I shall vote against the prop-
osition to have a new committee of conference*
but for different reasons from those given by other
gentlemen. I think it would be doing a very use-
ful and a very salutary act, if we did persist ire
such a way as to destroy this deficiency bill alto-
gether. I do think that the interests of the coun-
try, the practice of legislation., and the relations
established by the Constitution between the exec-
utive and legislative departments of this Govern-
ment, do require that the deficiency bill should for
once be destroyed entirely. J see no other way
in which the legislative department of the Govern-
ment can assert and maintain its original authority
and perform the duties which the Constitution
requires at our hands. Wepass our appropriation
bills, and we prescribe in accordance with the esti-
mates of the Executive Departments of the Gov-
ernment, how much money shall be used in the
different branches of the Government. In view of
what was done before last year in connection with
this bill, we fixed a prohibition in it that no more
money should be used in the execution of the
duties of the Executive Department than the ap-
propriation bills especially provided. Objections
were made to thecourse of the Administration, by
which deficiencies occurred; and it was said that
they had no authority to go beyond the amount
actually appropriated. It was said that there was
j no necessity for this prohibition; but to make
1 " assurance doubly sure," we made an express
{ prohibition that no more should be used than was
appropriated. And yet, sir, asfl have before said,
in the very face of that appropriation, they have
in a single instance expended nearly one hundred
per cent, more than was appropriated by the defi-
ciency bill. We have incurred that amount of
expense over and above what was authorized by
the bill. We appropriated $500,000 for the exten-
sion of the Capitol, and we attached to the appro-
priation a condition that no more money should be
expended than was appropriated;and yet we have
in the deficiency bill before us to pay $400,000
1 more than was appropriated. That is one instance,
and I think it is time that the legislative depart-
ment of the Government should assert its original
authority as required by the Constitution. For
that reason, I shall do no act by which to provide
i for a deficiency, which has been incurred in this
way, until the executive will learn that no more
responsibility shall be incurred than they have
authority to incur under the appropriation which
I we make.
i Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have the ques-
tion.
Mr. TOUCEY. I hope the motion of the Sen-
ator from Virginia will prevail. The Senate has
: done nothing but concur in the recommenda'ion of
! its own committees. The House have a right to
| disagree with the Senate, and having disa reed,
1 and sought another conference, I think it is due to
