1064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
•will look at the act, he will find that it is very evi-
dent that they decided against nothing of the kind.
In his letter, the then Secretary of the Navy stated
that he had reserved the right to abrogate the con-
tract as it related to the basin and railway. The
matter was then in this state. And the whole
amount of that is, that the Secretary should pro-
ceed to contract for the dock; and the authority
which had been given him in regard to the basin
and railway, was taken away from him. Now,
the state of things is entirely changed. Let me
read from a letter of the Secretary on this subject.
It is addressed to the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs:
" The purchase of M are Tsland has been completed, and
the title is now in the United States. The navy-yard may
therefore be regarded as definitely established. The ba^in
and railway for the floating dock at Philadelphia i^ in full
operation, and adapted to the service for which they were
intended."
That is all I have to say. I only want a vote.
Mr. MASON. The honorable Senator from
North Carolina showed me the amendment which
he has now offered, and which indicates that the
contract in relation to the dock should be carried
out. I told him I would cheerfully vote for it. I
did not know at that time that in 1851 the Con-
gress of the United States had limited the discre-
tion of the Secretary which he had reserved in that
contract. The contract was, that the contractors
should construct this dock, basin, and railway,
out of the appropriation made for it upon the
terms prescribed; but it reserved to the Secretary
the right to rescind or abrogate that part of the
contract for the basin and railway, if, upon trial
at Philadelphia, it was found not to be useful. In
1851, the Congress of the United States passed a
law prohibiting the construction of anything more
than a dry-dock. I supposed it was mandatory
upon the Secretary, and that he was bound to
abrogate so much of the contract as related to the
basin and railway. I cannot, therefore, vote for
the amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask for the yeasand nays
on the amendment.
Mr. HALE. The provision of that act of 1851
which has been discussed was simply of this char-
acter : The Secretary had a conditional right to
revoke this contract, provided that the basin and
railway, which was an experiment, failed to an-
swer the expectations of the Government. And
this was the direction of Qongress, not to pay
any money until the trial was made, but it was no
revocation of the contract.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not so understand
the law.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeaa 27, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Cass, Charlton, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Fish, Gever,
Gwin, Hale, Houston, James, Mallory, Mangum, Morion,
Norris, Phelps, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, Smith, Soul^,
Sumner, Walker, and Weller—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Borland,
Bradbury, Bright, Brodhead, Chase, Clarke, Cooper,Davis,
Dawson, Fitzpatrick, Hamlin, Hunter, Jones ol'Tennessee,
Mason, Miller, Pearce, Pettit, Pratt, Spruance, Under-
wood, and Wade—24.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. I wish to offer the following
amendment:
For equipment, maintenance^ and supply of an expedi-
tion for the exploration of the interior of Africa, eastward
of Liberia, and the ascertaining of the resources of that
region, and for the colonization of the free blacks of the
United States, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Navy, $125,000.
Mr. MILLER spoke at length in favor of the
adoption of his amendment, and of the recogni-
tion by the United States of the independence of
the Republic of Liberia. [His speech will be
found in the Appendix.]
Mr. MASON. I wish to say that whenever a
proposition is made here to acknowledge theinde-
Eendence of the Republic of Liberia, and admit
er into the family of nations, I shall endeavor to
show that it will be very unfortunate. I know no
authority in this Government to recognizeany con-
nection with the Colonization Society in any form.
Mr. MILLER. The gentleman is mistaken
with regard to the Colonization Society. It is for
the purpose of carrying out the proposition of the
Secretary of the Navy, mentioned in his annual
report respecting the expedition forthe exploration
of the interior of Africa. He recommends afurther
appropriation for the purpose of making the explo-
ration.
Mr. PRATT. In my judgment the coloniza- [
tion of the free blacks of this country is a subject |
of as much practical importance as any which has
occupied the attention of this country; and looking
to this as the initiative on the part of the Federal
Government to assist the States of this Union in
a work in which all the States are interested in
getting rid of that description of population, 1 do
not think any proposition has been submitted to
the Senate of more practical importance. The
honorable Senator from New Jersey has informed
the Senate that the free States are now passing
laws prohibiting the continuance of this descrip-
tion of population within their respective limits.
It is known to us, who represent the South, that
the South is doing the same thing. These people
are here, and to say that this Federal Government,
which possesses the only ability to do it—the
States not having the constitutional power to rid
the country of the population which every State
in the Union is prohibiting from living within their
limit.s—has not the constitutional power to remove
them is, I think, incorrect. The very necessity of
the thing shows the constitutionality of it.
Mr. President, I believe this is common ground,
upon which philanthropists frotaevery section of
the country can meet. Here "an unfortunate
population, dispersed throughout every State in
this Union, more or less; and every State is legis-
lating for the purpose of preventing their contin-
uance there. And there is no power except that
of the Federal Government that has the ability to
get rid of them and place them where they can be
comfortable. 1 do hope the amendment may be
adopted. I hope the exploration may be made.
■ I shall vote for the amendment with the hope that
when the exploration ts made it will be followed
up by appropriations on the part of the Federal
Government, for the purpose of ridding the country
of this nuisance to the whole society of the United
States.
Mr. BELL. I would suggest to the Senator
from New Jersey to modify his amendment by
striking out all that part which relates to coloni-
zation. It will stand then upon the same princi-
ple which has been recognized by Congress. I
think it will obviate some of the general objec-
tions made by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Mason.] The object is to authorize an explora-
tion, to vote a small sum of money for the pur-
pose of exploring a small portion of the country
near the coast of Africa, a country which may be
of a character important to the United States in
various aspects. Sir, this policy has been pursued
in our legislation by authorizing explorations to
; the South pole, or as near to it as we could. We
j have another expedition to the North pole. And
what are all these objects but for the purpose of
extending our knowledge to the remote and un-
: known parts of the world with a view to develop
' the resources and interest of this great country.
Here is a portion of terra firma, a large portion of
j which is terra incognita to us. Who knows what
interests may spring up by having a knowledge
of the resources of the interior of a country upon
a large portion of which the foot of a white man
has never been imprinted? I have heard an incident
connected with this proposition which interested
me. I heard it from a source, the authenticity of
which I can have no doubt about. Commander
Lynch is already known to the public as an able
and enterprising explorer, whose merits in that
respect are well known, and have been published
to the world; and 1 understand that such is his
zeal for adventure in exploring those parts of the
world from which others shrink, that he is ready
to go himself, alone, if necessary, or with such
protection as he may get, and risk his life in those
interior regions of Africa, wherever it may be
supposed to be most for the interest of this coun-
try. I understand that he has gone to the coast
this year to make such exploration of the coast as
may be done; but his main object is to go there
and become acclimated, and it may be, expose
himself to die, in qualifying himself to make fur-
ther explorations in the interior. That consider-
ation is enough to attract the attention and sym-
pathy of every Senator on this floor. It may be
he will die in endeavoring to qualify himself for
the object he has in view. He does it for the pur-
pose of hardening himself by taking the African
fever; and then, if he overcomes that, he knows
that he will be enabled to go into the interior and
explore those unknown regions.
What was the exploration which we had under
the same authority, recommended by the House
of Representatives, for the opening of the coun-
try upon the Amazon, and the Cordilleras of the
South, far down from the Andes to the mouth of
the Amazon, a distance of some three or four
thousand miles, a great portion of which was. be-
fore unknown to this country? We have had ex-
plorations by the authority of the Government,
and why not have one into the interior of Africa?
1 But I will not go into this subject. I know we
have not time now. I merely meant to state that
I think we can appropriate money for this pur-
pose; that we have appropriated money to make
explorations in the East, and in different quarters
of the world, and in some placeS where we can
never expect to derive any advantage; that the
principle is the same, and I hope the amendment
will be adopted without hesitation.
Mr. GWIN. I hope we shall have a vote.
There are several other amendments which will
be lost unless they are acted upon soon.
Mr. MASON. I freely admit that whenever
it is for the benefit of the public service, for any
officer to make explorations abroad, under the
sanction of the Department, there may be no ob-
jection. But I decidedly protest against any
power of the Government to send any officer
upon any expedition of this character, for the pur-
pose of opening commercial resources, or any-
thing of that character. I merely rose for the
purpose of making this protest. I do not wish
to go into anything of this kind. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHASE. 1 see no objection to this amend-
ment, Mr. President, so far as it contemplates the
, employment of a portion of our naval force in the
exploration of Africa. I should not object even
to the organization of a party of officers and civil-
ians for the purpose of ascertaining the resources
of that continent, and opening new avenues of
j commerce with its inhabitants. It is but recently
that an expedition has been organized by this
j Government to visit the shores of Japan, with the
purpose of opening, if possible, that vast country
I to American commerce. Africa, in a commercial
J point of view, is of more importance than Japan.
The honorable Senator from New Jersey [Mr,
Miller] heyp stated strongly, but not too strongly,
the value of its commerce. In what he has said
on that head I fully concur.
But, sir, I object with emphasis to that feature
of this amendment which contemplates the expa-
triation, or " getting rid"—to use the language of
the Senatorfrom Maryland, [Mr. Pratt]—of any
portion of our population. Not that I object to
| colonization. That is quite another matter. Let
1 every one who chooses, whether white or black,
leave our shores and seek, under happier auspices,
happier homes in other lands. But let no man,
native or naturalized,guiltless of offense, be driven
forth from his country. Compulsory expatriation
of any class, is an offense against civilization, and
incompatible with justice.
Let all classes of our population, of whatever
complexion and of whatever origin, be dealt with
upon the simple principles of right, of justice, of
humanity. Give every man a fair and equal chance
upon the arena of human effort; and my word for
j it, you will do more for civilization, more for the
, improvement of all classes, more for the pros-
| perity and progress of the whole country, than can
, be accomplished by any scheme of expatriation.
I know there is no time now to debate this sub-
! ject. I have risen merely to enter my distinct and
[ decided protest against " getting rid " by expatri-
I ation of any portion of our people. No such
scheme can be reconciled with the simplest dictates
of humanity and justice, and to disregard these is
criminal folly in legislation or in administration.
If the Senator from New Jersey is willing to
modify his amendment according to the suggestion
of the Senator from Tennessee, by striking out that
part relating to colonization, I have no objection to
voting for it.
Mr. BELL. I make the motion to strike out
all that part of the amendment which relates to
colonization.
Mr. MILLER. I accept the modification. I
have no objection to that; all [ want is to get the
exploration.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
it will be so modified.
