1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1065
Mr. PRATT. Let us have the question.
Mr. BAVARD. I would ask if that comes
from any committee?
Mr. PR AT I\ It is recommended by the Navy
Department.
The question was then taken, with the following
result—yeas 21, nays 21:
y£\S—.Messrs. Badger, Bell, Bright, Chase, Clarke,
Cooper, Puvis, Ikxige ot Wisconsin, l)odi:e of Iowa, Fish,
F.>ot, Wanaum, Miller, 1'eaive, ("rail, Smith, Soule, Spru-
tnot', runnier, I'n.lcrwixt,!. ami Wade—-I.
Messrs. Atchison, Bayard, Borland, Bmflhead,
Ous, I'harlltm, De Saussure, Kitzpalrtck, Ueyer, tiwin,
Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Mason, Morton,
\orn-, IVttit, Ku k, Sebastian Toucey , and Weller—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives
vas received, by Mr. Hates, its Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had agreed to some, and disagreed
to other Amendments of the Senate, to the bill ma-
kin? appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 185-1, and that it had agreed to other
amendments of the Senate to the said bill with
amendments.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate in-
atsted on its amendments to the Inll, and asked for
a Committee of Conference; and Mr. Hckteh,
Mr. Bright, and Mr. Bell were appointed the
managers of the conference on the part of the
Senate.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill making- appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending 30th June, 1854.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Finance to offer the following amendment,
it was overlooked when the bill was reported back
by the Committee on Finance:
Strike out".«79.44t>," in the clause for the payment of offi-
cers, seamen, Sic., and insert, " j*60,14**," to make the ap-
propriation £2,880,14tf, and add :
Provided. That the salary of the assistant observer or
astronomernT !,u* National Observatory s-liall be $3,000, and
the salary of the principal clerk at said Observatory shall be
$1,21*1.
This is in accordance with a recommendation
from the Department.
The amendment w^|fcgreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I hare another amendment from
the Committee on Naval Affairs. It is to add at
the end of the last amendment, after the word
" dollars;"
The pay of the purser attached to, and doing duty at the
naval station in California, shall be $4,000 per annum, and
be shall be allowed a clerk at a compensation not exceed-
ing 3-2,000 per annum.
When the salary of the purser on that station
was fixed, six or seven years ago, it was estab-
lished at £3,000 per annum. The duties of the
officer have increased since that time, and the
expense of living also. The Secretary of the
Navy recommended that the salary of the purser
ihould be $5,000, and that of the clerk should be
$0,500. The committee agreed to fix the salary
of the purser at $4,000, and that of the clerk at
$2,000. This officer will have to disburse all the
funds at the navy-yard there.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I have another amendment:
And the proper accounting officers of the Treasury be,
and they are hereby, authorized and directed to allow and
pay out of any moiiev in the Treasury not otherwise appro
prialed, to the officer*, petty officers, and seamen of the
O.t.d States Navy, to the commissioned officers, non-
ctmmwioned officers, and privates of the Marine Corps,
anil to the officers of the Revenue Service, who served in
the Pacific ocean and 011 the coasl of Mexico and Califor-
nia during the late war with Mexico,and since the close of
tl)>  >•. up to September. I8.VI, the same additional com-
pensation as has been by law directed to be paid to the offi-
cers and soldiers of the Army who served in California;
and that this provision allowing extra pay, as well as that
contained in the Navy appropriation act of August 31,1852,
•hall extend to and include all naval store keepers who were
stationed on the Pacific coast; and the additional corn pen-
 ation authorized by the foregoing provision, and by the
Navy appropnauon act of 11552, shall be paid to the legal
representatives of deceased persons who would have been
entitled to receive the game if living.
That is precisely the same as was recommended
in the naval appropriation bill of the last session,
and which was stricken out under a misapprehen-
sion. The Secretary recommends it in a letter,
which 1 hope it will not be necessary to read.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I have another amendment:
And there shall be allowed to Lieutenants Lewis, Hern- |
den, and Gibbon, officers of the United States Navy, who
were engaged upon an exploration of the Amazon, the same
pay as has been allowed to the Superintendent of the naval
astronomical expedition in Chili, hyan act making appro-
priation for the naval service, approved March 3, 1851,
during the period of their ser\ ice a> aforesaid, which period
shall i e reckoned from the day on which each officer left
the United States until the tinal return of the exploring
party.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That is a practical illus-
tration of the doctrine which you have just had
with respect to exploring expeditions. What
right had you to send an expedition for the pur-
pose of exploring the region of the Amazon, if
you may not 011 the same principle send an expe-
dition for commercial purposes into Africa? What
right have you to explore the north Pacific, if you
may not explore Africa on the same principle? I
just want to call public attention to it.
Mr. GWIN. All I have to say is, that it is
recommended by the Department.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 go for it, sir.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I have another amendment, to add
to the clause, for the pay of superintendents,&c.,
at the several navy-yards and stations, the follow-
ing:
The first and second clerks to the commandants of the
principal navy yards, to wit: Boston, New York, Wash-
ington, Norfolk, and Pensacola, shall receive the same pay
as the two lowest classes of clerks in the Bureau of the
Navy Department receive respectively; and each clerk of
a yard in said navy-yards shall receive the same coinpen
sat ion as is herein provided for the first clerks to the com-
mandant.
This is in accordance with the compensation of
clerks, as provided for the other day in the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I have another amendment from
the same committee:
For building a propeller frigate, to he fitted with the ca-
loric engine, if, after examination, the Secretary of the
Navy shall deem it expedient, £-500,000; and the said Sec-
retary is authorized to contract with Captain John Erics-
son for constructing the same upon such terms and condi-
tions as may be determined by the Department.
That is in accordance with the estimate of the
Department. It is very important.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Let us see how the
ship which has been built will succeed first.
Mr. BRIGHT called for the yeas and nays-,
and they were ordered.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 desire to state the reason
why 1 shall vote in favor of this proposition. I
am as little in favor of making experiments, and
increasing expenses for the purpose of making
them, as any other member of the body; but, sir,
here is a proposition to avail ourselves of what
seems to me to be established as the greatest dis-
covery of this age. It is so not only in point of
economy in the construction and propelling of
ships, but in the still greater advantage of safety.
I think, if there is anything which is incumbent
upon this Government to do, it is to avail itself of
and give to the country the advantage to be de-
rived from the safety in—not steam navigation—
but in navigation. I do believe we have now
what will do away with the use of steam, and
make human life more safe, both in the Navy and
in the commercial marine of our country.
The question was then taken, with the following
result—yeas 19, nays 27:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Borland, Charlton, Clarke,
Cooper, De Saussure, Fish, Foot, Geyer, Gwin, Jones of
Tennessee, Mallory, Mangum, Miller, Morton, Pratt, Spru-
ance, and Wade—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Bradbury,
Bright, Cass, Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Downs, Fitzpatrick, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter,
James, Norris, I'earce, Pettit, Rusk, Sebastian, Smith,
Sumner, Toucey, Underwood, Walker, and Weller—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed to offer another
amendment:
For constructing one steam propeller frigate, two steam
propeller sloops, and three steam propeller sloops of-war of
the first class, $827,000.
This is agreeable to estimate by the Secretary
of the Navy. I offer it under instructions from
the Naval Committee. 1 have nothing to say
about it. ... ,
Mr. PETTIT. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GWIN. Here is the estimate and the
recommendation of the Department, and it is in
accordance with that.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would inquire what class
of steamships the Princeton belonged to? I thought
that was one of the first class.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator can inquire of the
Secretary of the Navy. I have nothing to do
with it.
The question was taken, with the following
result—yeas 22, nays 23:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Charlton, Clarke, Cooper,
De Saussure, Fish, Foot, Geyer, Gwin, Jones of Tennes-
see, Mallory, Mangum, Miller, Morton, Phelps, Pratt,
Smith, Soule, Ppruance, Toucey, and Weller—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Borland, Bradbury,
Bright, Brodhead, Cass, Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Fetch, Fitzpatrick,
Houston, Norris, Pettit, Rusk, Sebastian, Sumner, Under-
wood, Wade, and Walker-—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GWIN. I have another amendment from
the Committee on Naval Affairs:
And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized to
settle all existing controversies as to the tille to any portions
of salt niarsli, near the lands of the naval arsenal in the
town of Chelsea, couuty of Suffolk, Massachusetts ; and to
sell and convey the title and interest of the United States in
so much of said mar^h as he may deem expedient, upon the
terms and conditions recommended ill the report from the
Bureau of Navy-Yards and Docks, dated February 17,
1853.
This is in accordance with the recommendation
of the Secretary of the Navy. They have had a
controversy in regard to jurisdiction,and the Sec-
retary recommends that the matter be settled in
this way.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I have one more amendment
from the committee:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the Secretary of
the Navy is authorized to purchase the site and buildings
examined and reported upon September 24, 1852, lor the
establishment of naval work-shops and naval depot near the
city of New Orleans: Provided, He shall consider that
New Orleans is a proper point for the establishment of a
naval depot and naval work-shop, and that the cost thereof
shall not exceed $375,000.
That subject was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs by a resolution of the Senate.
Upon investigation the committee came to the
conclusion to report that amendment to this bill.
Mr. SOULE. I hope the amendment will meet
with no objection. Last year a resolution passed
this body directing the Secretary of the Navy to
organize a commission in order to repair to the
spot indicated in the amendment, and ascertain
whether the site proposed to be sold to the United
States for the object embraced by it, was a proper
one. The report came back to us with a favor-
able recommendation. I have had occasion since
then to write a letter to the Secretary of the Navy,
in order to ascertain how the views of the Depart-
ment stood with reference to it, and that officer did
me the honor to answer and give a report, which
recommends to the consideration of the Senate the
, establisment of the naval depot and naval work-
1 shop. The amount of money provided for in the
amendment will appear trifling when it is consid-
ered, that not only the site, but the buildings ne-
cessary for the establishment of that naval depdt
and naval work-shop are already erected . I hope
the amendment will meet with no opposition.
The amendment was agreed to.
I MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE,
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Hayes, its Chief Clerk, an-
1 nouncing that it agreed to some, and disagreed to
other, amendments of the Senate to the bill making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
j Department during the fiscal year ending the 30th
June, 1854.
That it insisted on its disagreement to certain
amendments of the Senate to the bill making ap-
: propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending tMfe 30th of
June, 1854, and on their amendments to certain
( other amendments of the Senate to the said bill;
1 that it agreed to the conference asked by the Sen-
ate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses;
: and that they have appointed Mr. Houston, Mr.
Stanly, and Mr. Dawson, the Committee of Con-
ference on their part.
I The Senate proceeded to consider their amend-
| ments disagreed to by the House of Representa-
tives to the bill making appropriations for the ser-
1 vice of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
, year ending the 30th of June, 1854; and on mo-
| tion, it was
( Retolved, That the Senate insist on their wnendmeati
