1066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
disagreed to by the H'>u«e of Representative*, and ask a
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
On motion, it whs
OrJcied, That the Committee of Conference on the part
of the Seriate he appointed hy the President pro tempore;
and Mr. Rtsk, Mr. Soule, and Mr. Fish were appointed
the committee.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for tne naval service
for the year ending 30th June, 1854.
Mr. RUSK. I beg leave to otfer the following
amendment:
Sec. —.  ind he it further enacted, That the existing
laws limiting the number of officers in the Navy of the Uni-
ted Srates be, and they are hereby, so far modified a«? to
anthoiize the President to incoi porate into the naval service
of the United Slates the surviving officers of the late Texas
navw who were duly commissioned and m the service of
said Republic at the tune of it- annexation to the United
States : Provided, That the number of officers to be incor-
porated shall not exceed eight.
Mr. BADGER. I am very sorry that my friend
from Texas has thought it necessary to introduce
that amendment. I am still more sorry that I feel
myself compelled by a sense of duty to oppose its
adoption. We had a bill here for this purpose,
and I believe it is now upon the table of the Sen-
ate, which, if it had been taken up would have
afforded me a legitimate opportunity to go into the
question raised on the proposition. As it is, the
amendment being now offered to an appropriation
bill, although the time is limited, I must be allowed
to state, in justice to what 1 believe is the interest
and honor of the officers of the Navy, the objec-
tions which I think lie against the adoption of the
amendment; and I shall do it in the briefest man-
ner possible.
The officers of the late Texas navy have here-
tofore claimed that they were entitled to be admit-
ted into the Navy of the United States, in conse-
quence of one of the stipulations contained in the
joint resolution of annexation. If that stipula-
tion in the resolution for the annexation of Texas
contains such an engagement on the part of the
United States, we would be undoubtedly bound,
whatever the consequences might be, to carry out
the engagement. If the stipulation contains no such
engagement, then I submit, sir, that we cannot do
it, without a wanton, unprovoked wrong to a class
of men who have been engaged in our service, and
who are entitled to every consideration and respect.
Then the question recurs: Does the joint resolu-
tion provide for the incorporation of these officers
of the Texas navy?
In the first place I will say that the mere read-
ing of the provision upon which the claim is based,
will show conclusively that no such thing was
intended by the resolution. It provides for the
cession by the State of Texas totheUnited States,
her " fortifications, navy,and other means of pub-
lic defense." It is " ceding" to the United States,
which is a form never used in any other sense
than in the transfer of something in the nature of
property. It might just as well have been said
that the officers of the late Texas army were en-
titled to be introduced into our Army, as that the
officers of the late Texas navy have a right to be
introduced into our Navy. The terms are the
same. They are the cession of "fortifications,
navy, and other means of public defense."
But this is not an open question for our consid-
eration. One of these officers, a gentleman by
the name of Brashear, some years ago thought
proper, at his own instance, to bring the question
before the Supreme Court of the United Slates,
and that court unanimously and clearly held that
the resolution applied to nothing but to the cession
of property, and had no reference to, and was not
intended tg include, the personnel of the navy.
It is then clear that there is no obligation on
the part of the Government to introduce these gen-
tleman into our service. The amendment, there-
fore, proposes to take certain officers who once
belonged to another navy, without any engage-
ment or stipulation on the part of our Government,
and put them into our Navy. Now, sir, what
reason can be given for this? ' If these gentlemen
had never belonged to any navy, it would have
been a sufficiently strange proposition. But they
were officers of the navy of another country; and
what right have they to be taken and put into the
Navy of the United States?
Again: the senior officer, Commodore Moore,
was once an officer in the Navy of the United
| States. Had he remained in the service of the
1 United States, he would now be a lieutenant, and
a number of that corps would be senior to him on
the list, if I recollect right. If now put into the
Navy of the United States, he would be put above
the same grade, and above all the commanders,
and no inconsiderable portion of the captains of
the Navy. Now, I submit that unless we are
doing that under the faith and obligations of a con-
tract which we made with Texas, we are doing a
gross wrong to the officers of our own Navy. It
is saying this: That a man has a higher claim upon
the United States for advancement in the Navy of
the United States by serving m a foreign, than in
his own, and that he is to gain a higher position
by leaving our service and employing himself in
the service of a foreign country than he would
have obtained if he had remained in the service of
, his own.
Mr. President, 1 wish it to be understood that
I have no interest at all in this matter—none what-
ever. I would be extremely glad to do anything
for the promotion of these officers which might be
done consistently with a just regard to the honor
, of the officers of the United States Navy and their
- feelings in relation to this matter. Believing we
cannot do what is now asked without touching
that honor and those feelings in a tender point,
and inflicting wrongs upon them, I must vote
against the amendment. I hope the Senate will
not agree to it.
Mr. RUSK. I am not going to detain the Sen-
ate by arguing this question. I am not going
over the grounds of the interpretation of the con-
1 tract of annexation. These officers are few in
number—only eight. Their numbers have been
reduced greatly since the annexation of Texas.
The vessels were taken from under them. The
State of Texas, one of the parties to the contract
of annexation, has constantly interpreted the ob-
ligations of the joint resolution as including these
officers. The decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States was altogether upon a collateral
question, that they had no jurisdiction to determ-
[ ineupon the question involved in this amendment.
[ It was upon an application for a mandamus to
' force a claim of one of these officers I have
j drawn up the amendment in the terms of the bill
reported from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
, which was accompanied by a report, which I wish
the business of the Senate in the short time we
i have remaining would permit me to have read. It
! is in a bill from the Naval Committee striking out
the proviso in these words:
" And provided further, That those of the jiaid officers
who were formerly of the United States Navy, shall take
no higher grade, number, or position, than they would have
\ occupied by due course of promotion if Ihey had not left
; the service ; and thos-e who were not in the United dtates
Navy shall take such position as the President may assign
them."
I have stricken that out, and offered the amend-
| ment as it has been read. It leaves it discretion- '
ary to the President of the United States to incor- ;
porate the officers. I
Mr. FISH. I wish to call the attention of the i
Senator for a moment, to a remark which I wish
to make. He has thought fit to refer to a report
of the Naval Committee. It is true, that a ma-
jority of the committee did make such a report.
The committee was divided. But I think I ex-
press the unanimous opinion of the committee,
that they would never have reported even that
with the proviso stricken out, and that the com-
mittee now are unanimously opposed to the pro-
vision as introduced by the Senator. A majority
of the committee agreed to report it with the pro-
viso.
Mr. RUSK. I deem this amendment but an
act of jusiice to those officers. I am sorry that
the time does not permit me to investigate this 1
subject. I know the strenuous exertions which
have been made by a portion of the Navy of the
United States to resist the claims of these men;
but I could answer all the objections which have
been raised, and go into the matter, which I think
would show that their objections are not credita-
ble to some of them. Many of the officers of the .
Navy of the United States do not object to this
pittance of justice being done to the officers of
the navy of the late Republic of Texas. Some
of them are against it, and have used the most
strenuous efforts to prevent it; and they have at-
tempted every time whenever this subject has
come here, to have it overslaughed and defeated. 1
The Senate understands it, I have no doubt. It
has been investigated here several times, and
therefore 1 shall not consume the time of the Sen-
ate. I am very sorry that the appropriation bills,
and other matters which we need to consider, pre-
vent me from going into the subject.
Mr. OWIN. I hope we shall have a vote.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to put myself right upon
this question. I agree entirely with the Senator
from North Carolina, that we should be doing
great'Injustice to the officers of our own Navy, if
these gentlemen were put into our Navy on the
terms proposed by my friend from Texas. At
the same time, I cannot but admit that something
is due on the part of the United States to the offi-
cers of the Texas navy. They were the officers
of that navy, and that navy, by the agreement of
this Government with that of Texas, was received
and incorporated into the Navy of the United
States. Now, although the Supreme Court has
decided, and correctly, as I think—for I always
submit to their decisions on questions of law—
that the personnel of the Texas navy was not
thereby introduced into the Navy of the United
States; yet they have been deprived of offices
which they held under that government, in con-
sequence of the annexation of Texas to the United
States. I have prepared an amendment, which I
desire to submit, which will carry out the views
that I have expressed, and which I hope will be
agreed to by the Senate, for the purpose of settling
this question. It is to strike out all that part of
the amendment proposed by my friend from Texas
after the word " modified," which proposes to in-
troduce these officers into the Navy of the United
States, and insert these words:
As to entitle the officers of the late navy of Texas to the
pay of officers of tile Navy ol the United States on leave
of absence—not exceeding eight in number.
This would give them the pay which they would
have if the amendment of my friend were adopted,
and would take away the irresistible argument to
my mind, which has been made by my friend
from North Carolina, in regard to the injustice
which would otherwise be done, by introducing
the officers of the late Texan navy into our own.
I hope my friend from Texas will accept the
amendment, or, at any rate, that the Senate will
adopt it, so that we may jSBf them the compen-
sation to which they woufflHie entitled, and then
we shall do them no injustice.
Mr. RUSK. Let the amendment be read, as
it will be when the proposed amendment is made
to it.
The amendment was read.
Mr. BAYARD.. I do not mean to detain the
Senate by introducing matters not pertinent to this
question. I make objection, in the first place,
that here is a controverted matter, which is in the
nature of a private claim, and which is brought
into the Senate now on the last day of the session,
after it has been lying on the table a long time,
and when the friends of the measure might have
brought it up and had it fairly discussed and de-
cided.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senator will allow me
to say that I struggled day after day at the last
session, and again I have tried at this session to
! get it up, but it was postponed by the action of
the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I impute no blame to any one;
but considering the weight, the deserved weight,
of the honorable Senator from Texas in this body,
j I can scarcely conceive that that bill should not
have been brought up if there was an earnest de-
sire to have the bill brought up and discussed.
My own opinions are clearly formed, having con-
j sidered this question, that you could not perform
! an act of greater injustice to the officers in your
own Navy than to adopt the provision of the
! amendment as proposed by the Senator from
Texas. I will not, however, go into that question
now further than to state that I think that Senator
is under a misapprehension as to the decision of
the Supreme Court. That decision could not bind
us, I admit. It rested on a variety of grounds,
but among others it took up the question whether,
by the proper construction of the articles of an-
nexation of Texas the officers of the Texas navy-
were incorporated into that of the United States,
and with an argument utterly irresistible, showed
that no such construction could rationally be
placed upon those articles. I think no one can
read the decision without coming to the conclusion
