1068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March S,
there would be no necessity on the part of Con-
gress to act in putting them into the Navy. But
the question is, whether by a fair and liberal and
magnanimous construction of the treaty, it was
not to be expected, that when the navy was trans-
ferred, the officers would also come into the Navy
of the United States. That is the question, and
not whether there was any stipulation in the
treaty authorizing them to come in without any
action of Congress. I have never had any doubt
on that subject. In the hurry of forming the treaty,
and when, perhaps, these officers were fighting
the battles of their country, there was no action
which formally put them into our Navy. But,
there is no doubt in my mind, that upon a fair con-
struction of the treaty they ought to be received
into the Navy. Why should the officers of our
Navy complain? Have they any right to com-
plain? 1 contend that they have not. We do
not displace them in order to bring in the officers
of the Texan navy, but we increase the num-
ber of the officers by permitting the Texan offi-
cers to come in. We do not interfere with the
officers already in the navy. I ask gentlemen
who take the ground that it would be unjust to
admit these officers into our Navy, to tell us what
harm can be done, so long as the present officers
maintain their relative rank? The proposition is
not to admit others to be placed above those now
in the Navy, but simply to increase the number.
I cannot see anything so monstrous in this
proposition. The Senator from Wisconsin sup-
poses we may wish to annex other countries, and
admit their navies, and asks if we will admit the
officers of those navies on an equality with ours.
I see no very good reason why, if we annex other
countries, we should not receive their navies
and the officers of their navies along with them.
If it becomes advisable to annex any country, I
do not see why we should not annex its navy
and its officers. But if there would be any ob-
jection to admitting the officers of a navy of a
foreign country after annexation, it does not fol- j
low that there would be any objection to admit-
ting these officers. They are Americans, and ;
some of them have been officers in our Navy.
Therefore, I do not think the question is fairly
presented when it is put on the ground of an equi-
table claim which these gallant officers have on the
United States. The admission of these officers
will do no injustice to other officers, because the
number is so increased as not to displace them.
It is not fair, in my opinion, to excludethem. Do
you suppose that the Texan authorities, in making
the treaty, if they had supposed (bat their own
naval officers would have been thrown aside, and
no notice taken of them, would have acceded to
it? This amendment comes recommended by the 1
Naval Committee, who approve of the measure, '
and they cannot be accused of being unfavorable
to the officers of the Navy of the United States.
Mr. RUSK. I do not design to detain the Sen-
ate. I simply desire to read the preamble of a res-
olution which was introduced into the Legislature
of Texas, and passed both the House and Senate.
It is in these words:
" Whereas, there were connected with the great meas-
ure of annexation to the Confederacy of which we are now
a member, various reciprocal rights and conditions, pre-
scribed by the terms thereof, as well as others clearly im-
plied and fairly deduciblefroni the same, all of which Texas
has on her part fully and completely redeemed; and where-
as, it is the opinion of this Legislature, that the officers
of our late navy, by a liberal and just, if not by a strictly
legal construction of the terms of annexation, should be in-
corporated into the Navy of the United States, in their sev-
eral ranks, and that they are justly entitled to the same, as
well from the construction here claimed, as from their high
character, personal and professional, and the zeal, fidelity,
patriotism, and valor, with which they sustained the cause
of their country while its Navy was in existence: therefore
resolved," &c.
Mr. President, I wish, as I have said before,
that the time of the Senate authorized me to oc-
cupy a very few moments in answering the argu-
ments which have been made. In the first place,
we have been told that the navy means nothing
more than ships. Now, sir, the universal opinion
of mankind is, that a navy means not only the
ships, naval armaments, and guns, but the officers
also. When we speak of the Navy of Great Bri-
tain, we speak of the ships, and of the men.
When we speak of the Navy of the United States) 1
we mean all the officers ana all those who are at-
tached to it. A great argument has been raised
by the honorable Senators from Maryland and
I Wisconsin, on the ground that we could not cede
! the officers, and that if we comply with the reso-
1 lution of annexation, we must cede the officers.
Does not one country cede a portion of its terri-
tory to another, and does not every citizen upon
that territory go along with the territory that is
thus ceded, and come under the jurisdiction of the
country to which it is ceded? These are the sort
of arguments that have been used. It might as
well be said that when you cede one portion of
the country to another, you do not cede the in-
habitants that belong to it. But we are getting to
the close of the session, and I do not intend to oc-
cupy the time of the Senate. Texas thinks she is
entitled to have her officers incorporated into the
Navy of the United States; but I do not intend to
debate the subject further now. I want a vote.
Mr. GWIN. It is now two o'clock, and we
must lose our amendments unless we vote upon
the bill soon.
Mr. BAYARD. I beg leave, without arguing
the question at all, to reply in part to the argu-
ment of the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Downs,]
who basis his claim that these officers shall be ad-
mitted into the Navy of the United States, on the
ground of what he calls a magnanimous construc-
tion of the resolution of annexation, and to say
that, I know there is no legal construction, no ra-
tional construction of the language of the treaty
between Texas and the United States which will
allow the admission of these officers into the Navy
of the United States. I will read the language
contained in the decision of the Supreme Court on
that point; for there were two points on which
•they confirm the dgcision of the court below. The
Senate will understand that the question came up
from the court in the District of Columbia on a
mandamus, which the court refused, and pointed
out the questions of law on which it was rejected.
These points came before the Supreme Court, and i
both were decided adversely to the claim of the
Texan officers. I will read the decision given in
relation to that point which we are now consider-
ing:
" Mr. Justice Nelson delivered the opinion of the court:
" This is a writ of error to the circuit court held in and
for the Distrvct of Columbia.
" The plaintiff made application to the eotrrt below for j
a mandamus against the defendant, to compel the payment
of $2,100 arrearages of pay due him from the Government
as a commander in the Navy of the United States, which
application was founded on the following facts:
" The plaintiff was appointed a commander in the navy
of the Republic of Texas on the 23d of September, 1844,
and continued in the service down to the annexation of the
Republic to the United States, in pursuance of the joint !
resolutions of Congress, March 1, 1845, and until Texas
was admitted into the Union as one of the States of the
Confederacy, and was in the actual service of that Repub- I
lie at the time when its navy, consisting of four vessels of !
war, was delivered over to the authorities of the United '
States, according to the terms of annexation. 1
" The plaintiff insists that, according to the terms and !
condition of the compact between the two countries, on !
the transfer of the navy of Texas to the United States, and '
their acceptance of the same, he became an officer of the ;
United States Navy, and entitled to his pay and emolu-
ments as such.
" He further states that he had reported himself to the
Secretary for duty, and had demanded his pay of the same,
but that the Secretary had refused to recognize him as an
officer of the Navy, or to make any payment to him as such.
"The court below refused the mandamus,and dismissed
the application.
"The case is now before as for review.
u Jt is not pretended that there has been any stipulation,
either by act of Congress, or by treaty, between this Gov-
ernment and Texas by which the officers of her navy were
to become incorporated into the Navy of the United States,
as a consequence of the annexation ; but it is supposed to
result from a proper construction arid understanding of one
of the stipulations contained in the second joint resolution
of March 1, 1845. The part material i« astollows:
"4 Said State, [Texas] when admitted into the Union,
4 aftfr ceding to the United States all public edifices, forti-
< tications, barracks, ports and harbors, navy and navy-
* yards, docks, magazines, arms, armaments, and all other
4 property and means pertaining to the public defense of
< Texas, shall retain all the public lands,' &c. (5 Statutes
at Large, p. 797.)
" The argument is that the term < navy' properly includes,
not only the vessels of war, their armaments, and equip-
ments, but also the usual complement of officers and crew
on board the respective vessels; and that it is in this sense
the term is used and should be understood in the joint res-
olutions.
4 4 We think not, but, on the contrary, are of opinion that
it relates exclusively to the ships-of-war and other arma-
ments belonging to the naval establishment of Texas,
which, accordmgto the compact, were to become the prop-
erty of the United States.
" The two Governments were, not negotiating about per-
sons holding public employments in Texas, or in respect to '
any place or provision for that class, on the breaking up of '
the old government and its reconstruction for admission into j
the Union, but in respect to her public property, wliick  he |
was generally disabled from holding, under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, after her admission, as it fell
under the jurisdiction and direction of the Federal Govern-
ment.
44 The resolution provides for ceding to the United Stales
all public edifices, fortifications, barracks, ports and har-
bors, navy and navy-yards, docks, magazines, &c., and all
other property and means pertaining to the public defense.
" The phraseology is appropriate for the purpose of con-
veying the property of the one Government to the other,
but exceedingly inapt and uufortunate if intended to em-
brace the persons of public officers, as contended for by
the plaintiff.
" The argument in favor of including the officers of the
Navy of Texas in the transfer of the ships might be urged
with equal force by the officers and hands in charge of the
navy yards, or of those at the time in charge of the fortifi-
cations; for the term 'navy,' in the connection in which
it is used, no more includes, ex oi termini, the officers and
crew on board, than the term 4 navy-yard ' includes the
officers and hands in charge of that part of the public prop-
erty, or the term ' fortifications > includes the officers and
soldiers of the Republic engaged in manning them.
44 The construction contended for we think altogether
inadmissible, and properly rejected by the court below."
I will add not one word more than to say, that,
in my opinion, the point was correctly decided.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President 
Mr. GWIN. Will the Senator from Mary-
land allow me to make an appeal to the honorable
Senator from Texas to withdraw this amendment ?
If he will do so, as I am on the Committee on
Naval Affairs, I will bring the subject, if I have
power, and I am sure I can do it, before the body
early in the next session, so that it can be fully
discussed. There is no possibility, even if it
passes the Senate now, that it can pass the House
of Representatives, and become a law, at this
session. They will strike it out if it is put into
the bill now, and I hope the Senator will consent
to withdraw it, and have it brought up in a sepa-
rate bill at the next session, so that it may be
fairly discussed.
Mr. RUSK. I do not think that the Senator
from California should, under the circumstances,
ask me to withdraw it. Let us vote. I stood by
him, although the proposition that he favored
created debate, and was not more important than
this. I only ask for a vote.
Mr. PEARCE. I cannot be deterred from
continuing the discussion of this question by the
consideration that it may possibly or probably de-
feat this bill. Sir, I am in favor of discussing it
until it shall be fairly un^fctood—until every
member of the Senate shaflHre acquainted with
the character of the claim set up for the officers of
the lateTexan navy, and the grounds upon which
it is placed. If any responsibility rests upon any
one, let it fall upon those who introduced a meas-
ure of this kind at this late period of the session,
and as an amendment to an appropriation bill.
We must not have legislation like this forced upon
us without discussion, because we are told that
it is too late to discuss such tonics, and that dis-
cussion may defeat the bill. The Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Downs] admitted that no express
provision for receiving the officers of the late Texan
navy into the Navy of the United States was to
be found in the resolution of annexation; no such
thing was nominated in the bond; neither, as I
contend, is it to be in any manner implied from
the language or spirit of the resolutions. But the
Senator says it is to be inferred by a fair, liberal,
and "magnanimous construction." I do not
know any such thing as a magnanimous con-
struction. A construction may be strict or latitu-
dinous, reasonable or unreasonable. If a con-
struction is not reasonable, then it may be very
magnanimous as conceding something not granted
and which there is no reason for granting. I have
asked in vain for the principle upon which it is
proposed to give a magnanimous cunstruction to
the language of those resolutions which will trans-
fer the officers of the Navy of the late Republic of
Texas to that of the United States, and I have
heard none stated.
The Senator says the resolutions of annexation
were passed in a hurry. The Senator is mistaken
with regard to that. The resolutions were passed
after a longdiscussion. The treaty wasdebated du-
ring long weeks of the warm weather in the session
of 1844, on the resolutions of annexation. It was
resumed in the winter of 1844 and 1845. A very
great degree of deliberation was exercised upon
the subject, and the greatest care was employed in
framing the resolutions. They required to be
delicately dealt with to be passed at all; and they
were passed by only one vote, I believe. This
thing was not, therefore, overlookei^in the hurry.
