1070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending .'SO'h June, 1854.
Mr. MALLORY. It has been said on the other
side that these officers were not included in the
Texas navy. 1 think my friend from Maryland
took the position that they were not in the Texas
navy. The best authority on that subject, I think,
is the State of Texas herself. We are not to set
up our judgment in contradistinction to hers, if
she alleges that they were in the navy. What
she says is final as to that point. The evidence
of Texas as to that is, that they were in the navy,
and were of high character, personally and pro-
fessionally. 1 tind that in the report of the com-
mittee to which this subject was referred, it is stated
as follows:
" S!i'* !;;w, in her sovereign capacity, and in the solemn
form ot joint resolutions, declared not only that she had
naval officers of ihi^k character, personal and profes-
sional.' hut th.it from the c zeal. fidelity, patriotism, and
t-alor with, u hi'h theij sustained the anise oj their country
and from 'reciprocal rights and conditions clearly implied
und fairly dcducihle from' the resolutions of annexation,
and from 'o liberal and just construction' thereof, these
officers should be incorporated into the Navy ofthe United
States."
Texas was a party to the contract, and she has
as much right to construe these resolutions as this
Government, and she has construed them so as
to include these officers; and this construction is
borne out by the fact that they were included in
the original treaty, and by the fact that Texas was
urged to go into the matter of annexation without
delay.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 am favorable to the proposi-
tion, or something like the proposition submitted
by the Senator from Texas; but I have voted
against all amendments to this bill at this time. I
shall do so again. I shall vote with those who |
oppose this amendment, if they will suffer us to j
have a vote upon it. If they go on discussing it, I
I shall vote according to my judgment. J
Mr. BADGER. The remark of the honorable i
Senator from Mississippi is an additional reason
why I should say a few words on this subject,
because nothing would pain me more than to see
him placed in circumstances where he would have
to vote against his judgment. He, as I under-
stand, will pursue the bent of his judgment if we
debate the subject further, and will not if we do
not, and therefore I must say a few words.
As was said by my friend from Maryland, this
is a most important measure, brought in at a late
period of the session upon a bill into which I
thought it shoul I not have been introduced.
Though I will not, as he said, expend time for the
purpose of defeating this measure, I will not cer-
tainly be deterred by any consideration of the 1
lateness of the hour from saying as briefly as I
can what I think is proper upon its merits. ]
The Senator from Florida agrees that this is not
to be considered as a matter of courtesy. He |
avers that he would not vote for it upon principles
of courtesy. He votes for it because it is a claim
of right. Let us consider that one moment, in
(connection with the argument that he offered upon
the subject. The resolution of annexation con-
tains not one word, in the connection in which it
stands, that by any fair interpretation can include
the officers of the navy. The word " navy" is
mixed up with subjects of property, fortifications,
forts, navy-yards, and other property and means
of public defense, and the governing word in the
sentence is " ceding," which by no propriety or
impropriety of language, by no interpretation,
strict, just, liberal or illiberal, reasonable or un-
reasonable, or magnanimous, can be understood
to apply to a cession of officers. A cession of
officers! Why, it would be extravagant enough
to say that they were cedpd in the character of
slaves. Will we degrade them so much as to say
that Texas so treated them? No, sir. There is
not one word in the joint resolution which even
looks to such an interpretation as that proposed j
by the amendment. But the Senator says, for the j
purpose of showing that they nevertheless have I
this right, that it was first proposed to introduce
them by treaty, and that in that treaty it was ex-
pressly provided that the officers of the Texan
navy should be incorporated into ours. Now, let
us see what his argument is worth to a legal mind
or to a reasoning mind. In the treaty the word
"officers" was inserted. In the joint resolution j
it was left out. Therefore, he says, the joint res-1
olution is to be interpreted as if it had been kept I
in. This is the argument. \
Now, sir, is not the conclusion to be deduced
exactly the contrary ? Thesubject was considered
in the treaty. The treaty proposed the incorpo- j
ration of the officers. The treaty was rejected and
a joint resolution was prepared; and if tiiey meant
the same thing, why was the word" officers" left
out? It is obvious they did not mean the same
thing; and the word "officers" was left out be-
cause it was intended that the " officers" should
be left out. That is clearly and undoubtedly true.
The Senator says there were many details in the
treaty that were not suitable to a joint«esolution.
What details did it require? It was only neces-
sary, if that was the meaning, to add one word,
" the navy and tne officers thereof,"in the joint
resolution. Therefore, the subject having been
expressly under consideration in the treaty, the
very question of admitting the officers having been
considered and discussed, the treaty proposing to
admit them having been rejected, what follows?
Why, that the joint resolution, being brought up
with that word left out, it was because it was not
intended to introduce the officers into our Navy.
That, independently of the decision, the unan-
imous decision ofthe Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, makes it clear that no such thing was
intended by the joint resolution, as the incorpo-
ration of these officers into our Navy.
The Senator says that there is another reason; j
that Texas, by the joint resolution which she sent
us, has declared that she meant that these officers
should be received, and that she was a party to
the joint resolution. Suppose she was; does that
authorize her to interpret the joint resolution >
Not at all. Texas and we agreed upon the sub- |
ject, and our mutual agreement fixed upon a joint
resolution, and our mutual agreement carried the
resolution into effect originally. It is a new idea
that the judgment of one of the parties determines
the construction of a compact.
Again, sir: who were the personsin Texas when
this joint resolution was adopted? If there was
any understanding to be gathered with regard to
the meaning, independently of the interpretation to
be put upon the face of the instrument, we must
have—what? Not the Legislature of Texas now to
tell us what was meant by the members of the Le-
gislature or the members ofthe convention, or the
public authorities of Texas which gave their assent
to the joint resolution, and understood what mean-
ing they put upon it. We must have what the
resolutions say themselves. Then, sir, as I ap-
prehend, the casg stands clear. The Senatoradmits
that it cannot be properly claimed on the ground
of courtesy; and it has been demonstrated, and is |
demonstrable, that it cannot be put upon the i.
ground of right. If, therefore, the claim cannot be
put upon the ground of courtesy, nor upon the
ground of right, it cannot be admitted at all.
But, the honorable Senator from Texas, [Mr.
Hojjston,] who looks as far ahead as any man
living, has maintained a profound silence on this
matter; and I should not beat all surprised, if the
consequences of this act, if they should be carried
to their full extent, were revolving in his mind.
Why may it not be maintained that a construc-
tion which would place the officers of the Texan
navy in the Navy of the United States, would place
the President of Texas in the Presidency of the
United States? She cedes every thing, her govern-
ment, and everything she had as a means of de-
fense. Now, I understand the President of Texas
was the commander-in-chief of these officers of
the army and navy, and if the officers were con-
sidered as belonging to the means ofdefense, I ask
you if the commander-in-chief of the officers of ;
both arms of the public service did not emphat-
ically and preeminently constitute the chief means
ofdefense? Surelyhedid. Arid how do we know
but that at another session of Congress an applica-
tion similar to this may be made—and permit me
to say, I should receive it with a far greater dispo-
sition to accord my assent to it—to make my hon-
orable friend from Texas, President of the United
States under the joint resolution of annexation ?
[Laughter.]
Now, sir, what is the argument? It has been I
said that one of these officers left the service of the
United States; that it is a hard case; that he is now j
to be restored with a greatly advanced rank, to be
put above all the persons who were in the same j
grade as himself at the time he left; above the J
commanders in the Navy of the next grade above
him when he left; that he is to take precedence in
rank above seventeen post captains in the service.
How did he gain this rank? By leaving the ser-
vice of his own country and going into the service
of a foreign State. Sir, I would never give my
sanction to such a proposition that any man can
gain priority by serving a foreign State above
those officers who have discharged the duties they
owe to their own country. We all know the
course of promotion is slow in our Navy. Be-
cause Texas was a new and rising Republic, and
because there was a chance for more rapid pro-
motion in her service, this officer left our service
and entered that of Texas. He gained all that he
went for. He left our service to gain promotion,
and he gained it. Has he a right now to come
back into the service of his own country and take
the same position here which he had gained in an-
other? And is it right for that purpose to offer a
gratuitous indignity to one hundred and forty offi-
cers of the United States who have served us
faithfully, and by the gallant exploits of some of
whom a luster and renown has been shed upon
the Navy, which entitles them to the highest con-
sideration rather than the grossest indignity ?
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator from Florida is
mistaken in supposing I had stated that Texas
had by law abandoned her navy. What 1 did
say was, that Texas had, prior to annexation,
and but a short time prior, passed an act directing
that her ships should be laid up in ordinary, and
that her policy seemed to be to abandon her navy
altogether. I did not say that these men had been
legislated out of office. But it is entirely imma-
terial to my argument whether that was so or not.
1 doubt very much, from the evidence I have, that
they were so far regarded as officers in the service
as to be receiving pay.
Now, I understand that on the 19th of July,
1843, the then President of Texas, now a Sen-
ator from that State in this body, [Mr. Hous-
ton,] dismissed one officer, Commodore Moore,
who will receive the benefit of this measure, from
the naval service of Texas. I should be glad to
learn from the Senator from Texas whether that
is the fact ?
Mr. HOUSTON. That was the understanding
of the Executive, sir. [Laughter.]
Mr. PEARCE. Then I am not mistaken with
regard to that fact, and I take it, that it is from
his assiduous and persevering application, more
than from any other thing, that this measure is
now brought before us. That officer, who was, as
I now understand from the honorable Senator from
Texas, dismissed from the navy ofTexas in 1843,
is by that amendment to be put into the Navy of
the United States, over the heads of forty lieuten-
ants, ninety commanders, and seventeen post
captains, all outranking him at the time he left the
service of the United States. This I consider as
a gross outrage upon the naval service.
Mr. HALE. My recollection is that the reso-
lution only includes those officers who belonged
rightfully to the Texas navy. If Commodore
Moore was expelled from the navy of Texas, or
lawfully put out, the amendment does not affect
htm in any way; and therefore, so far as the argu-
ment relates to him, it amounts to nothing. I will
occupy the attention of the Senate but a very few
moments; and as I intend to give a vote upon this
subject different from what many of my friends
expect, I wish very briefly to give the reasons. In
the first place, the arguments of my friends from
Maryland and North Carolina, who object that
this is not the proper time, do not weigh with me
one atom. They talked as if the officers of the
Navy owned the Navy; as if the officers had a
title to the Navy,and that we, in carrying out our
views of public duty and of what Government re-
quires, shall infringe upon their rights. I know
that that bort of feeling lies deep in the human
heart. It was illustrated more than eighteen centu-
ries ago, when it was said that a certain man went'
into the market place to hire laborers, and em-
j ployed some at the third hour of the day, and so on,
at different times of the day, till the eleventh hour.
When he came to settle with them at niffht, he
paid them all alike, and put those who had went
to work last on an equality with those who had
worked all day, and borne the burden and heat of
it, paying those last who were employed first.
When the others came up to be paid, they thought
they should receive more, and complained because
