1863.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1071
jooil mm hud paid the last as much as he [
had agreed to pay the tirst. They found fault
Miih the liberality of linn who dispensed the re-
ward. I think tiie complaint made by those men
in that case is as well founded as it would be on
the part of the officers of the Navy to complain of
l ie adoption of ihe proposed amendment. There
uiev are, 111 the Navy, and they will be there. If
Commodore .Moore had been turned out of the
navv of Texas, this proposition will not put him
ii m'duis. It only puts in those who belonged to
t ,e Texas navy.
Sir, I voted and acted as strenuously against the
annexation of Texas as any man in the Un ted
Suites. 1 sacrificed m v position in the party with
which I was associated. I lost my place in the
House of Representatives, and went into private
life, oil account of the opposition I exerted a amst
!Mi measure. 1 believed then, and 1 believe now,
that it was a palpable violation of the Constitution;
but it was done, and the act has been acquiesced
m: ami since it is acquiesced in, it is idle to con-
tend against it. If it has been acquiesced in by all
the Departments of the Government, I want to
do justice to these officers of the Navy. It seems
to me that the objection comes with an ill grace
from those who voted to add to the Navy so many
new officers as was done by the bill to reorganize
the Navv. Did that do any injury to the present
officers of the Navy ? They have voted, upon this
appropriation bill, to foist upon the Navy a body
of officers; they have voted for a measure which,
in my judgment, increases the officers of the Navy
more than fifty per cent., and have done thatupon
an appropriation bill for the support of the Navy;
and now, when it is proposed to put the remnant
of that little gallant band who fought the battles
of Texas into our Navy, when they are dwindled
down till there is but a handful of them left; when
it is proposed to give them the slow and tardy
justice for which they have been waiting for some-
thing like ten years, it is objected that it is not the
proper time. Sir, when will the proper time come?
They have been here year after year urging their
case. The Legislature of Texas has been peti-
tioning, and they have been put off because the
proper time had not come. There is no time like
the present. If we neglect this opportunity, I
know not when we shall ever get another.
I have endeavored to give the reasons which
commend this measure to my judgment, and which
will eovern me in the vote that I shall give on this
question, in order to carry out in good faith, as I
believe, our obligation to incorporate these officers
of the Texan navy into our own. I have said
that I was no advocate for the annexation of Texas;
that I opposed it as long as opposition would avail
or promised to be of any use; but when it all failed,
I am not going to stand up to make opposition to
what appears to be an act of justice, even if it is
to be done to that poor remnant of the navy of
Texas.
The question was then taken, with the follow-
lowing result—yeas 20, nays 32:
YEA? Messrs. Bradbury, Brodhead, Cass, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Hale, Hons
Ion, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory,
Morton, Norris, Pettit, Rusk, Sebastian, Soul£, and Weller
—'2(1.
XAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bavard, Bor-
land". Bright. Chase. Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Dawson, De
Sail-sure, Feleh, Fish, Fitzpatnck. Foot, Geyer, Gwin,
Hamlin, Hunter. Mason, Miller, Pearce, Phelps, Pratt,
SruHdi, Smith, Spruance, Sumner, Underwood, and Walk-
er—32.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. FISH. I offer tire following amendment,
tinder the direction of the Committee on Naval
Affairs:
For tne purpose of paying the lien existing on land re-
cently imrebased as an addition to the navy-yard at Brook-
lyn. il2.-247 <!.">. tobe paid bv Ihe Secretary of the Navy, if
upon examination he shall find the same to be due as Ihe
lien on rite purchase aforesaid ; and the Secretary of the
Navv i- Hereby em|Kiwered and dirt eted to sell and convey
to ariv purclia-er, ail that part of the navy-yard land af
Bru-.klj fi, between the east -ide of Vanderbilt avenue and
the H i-pual. containing about twenty and a hall'acres, ex
tending from Vanderbilt to Clinton avenue : Provided,
That -aid land -hall not be sold at a less price than it cost
ttif. Government, meluding wilh the coat the nece->ary
charge.. • father, That prior to Ihe sale of
said lands, exclusive jurisdiction shall be ceded to the Uni-
ted r-taiea. of all the remaining lands connected with said
naty jard belonging to the United States.
This is in pursuance of an estimate from the
department, and a recommendation from the bu-
reau.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FISH. I have another amendment to
offer, under direction of the same committee:
Jind be it furtner enacted, Th.it the appropriation of
$-20,"00 in the act making appropriation tor the improve-
iiK'iii of certain haibors?«tnd rivers?," approved 30th Auau>t,
18.V2, tor the improvement 01 the harbor of New York, be
understood to include the p.ivment of the account for
moneys expended tu tes-tnur the efficacy ot Maihetert's .
plan in removing rocks at Hell Gate and Diamond Reef J
m East river, and in deepening the water upon said rock-* 1
prior to the pa> ajre of j.aul act: Provided, Said accounts
-hall be audited by the proper accounting officers ot the
Tr< as*ur\, and not to exceed the sum of ^14,i<00 ; and the
further 'sum of $11,000 is hereby appropriated tor the pur-
po>e ot continuing the improvements aforoaul.
That is an amendment which is offered in pur-
suance of a recommendation from the Department.
Mr. CHASE. I would inquire if that Is not a j
private claim'
Mr. WALKER. I think it is not only a pri-
vate claim, but it is one of that character of indefi-
nite claims which will require the most serious in-
vestigation of Congress to determine whether they
will allow it or not. W ith that understanding of the
matter, I hope the Senate will not adopt it, or else
allow similar cases under my consideration to be
offered and adopted also.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is another point in
connection with this matter to which I invite the
attention of the Senate. This is a question dis-
tinctly connected with river and harbor improve-
ments. I learned with utter astonishment, that
last evening the Senate adopted two amendments
reported by the Committee on Naval Affairs,
which are now pending before the Committee on
Commerce. Tiie honorable Senator from Michi-
gan called my attention particularly to works of
a similar character in the western portion of the
country. I understand this to be a private claim;
I understand it as diverting a fund which has
already been created by law for works of internal
improvements. It is an amendment which the
Naval Committee have had in charge. I think it
would be better that it should go to the Judiciary
Committee, as a question of legal construction
might be raised, and they are better capable of
judging whether this is a private claim or a work
of internal improvement. It is the diversion of a
certain appropriation made last year to a certain
purpose, involving the question of internal im-
provements. It comes from the Naval Committee.
I hope the Senate will not adopt it. If I heard it
aright when it was read, it makes an additional
appropriation of $14,000. I hope the Senate will
now look at the amendments which have been
made for improvements on the lakes and rivers at
the West, and then look at the estimates and ap-
propriations for improvements on the Atlantic
coast, and see if they are willing to make a par-
ticular appropriation for one locality and leave all
the rest unprovided for. I think it would be a
glaring injustice to wrest this from those of the
same character, and give it the preference over all
others.
Mr. FISH. I withdraw the amendment.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, announcing that it concurred in the
amendment of the Senate to the joint resolution of
the House providing for printing and binding the
returns of the Seventh Census; and that it had
passed Senate bills Nos. 51, 512, and 622.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for (he naval service
for the year ending June 30, 1854.
Mr. FISH. I offer the following amendment:
jjnd he it further enacted, That the proper accounting
officers ofthe Trea-urv be, and they are hereby, directed to
credit the medical officers of file Navv who. by order oi the
Department served hi the detachment ol niarinesin Mexico,
during Ihe late war with that Republic, in addition to ihe pay
to which they are entiiled, and the medical officers of the
N-ivv respectively, the same allowance lor rations and for-
age, in proportion to time, as is allowed to officers of the
Army of similar standing.
It is in precisely the same words of an amend-
ment which passed the Senate unanimously at the
last session of Congress, and which failed be-
tween the two Houses.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS. I desire to offer the following
amendment:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the President of theUni-
,1 ted States be, and he is hereby, authorized to select three
decreet persons to appraise the building on the corner of
F and Seventeenth streets, now occupied a" public offices
in this city, and that the Secretary of the Trea«ury be au-
thorized to purchase the same at the appraised value, and
pav for the same out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, upon a valid title being made to the
I'mted States for the same.
Mr. GWIN. That is out of order.
Mr. CASS. It has been voted down once.
Mr. DOWNS. Not on this bill.
Mr. GAVIN. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment comes from no committee; there
is no estimate for it—and as it takes money out of
the Treasury, it is clearly out of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) It is the opinion of the Chair that it
is in order. It is not understood that it makes
any appropriation.
Mr. GWIN. The building is to be paid for
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on
a further examination of the amend rneiif, finds
that it carries with it an appropriation. It is
therefore out of order.
Mr. DOWNS. Then I offer it in this form:
Jtnd be it j'tnthcr enacted, That the President of the
United States be authorized To *el^et three decreet persons
to appraise the building on the corner ofF and Seventeenth
streets in this citv, now occupied as public offices hv this
Government; and that the Secretary of the Treasury be
authorized and directed to contract for the purchase ot the
said building at the appraised value theieof, according to
the report of said appraisers.
I have taken up less time than almost any mem-
ber, upon the appropriation bills, and 1 will not
take up time now, because 1 do not design to em-
barrass the bill; but I offer this amendment from
a sense of duty. I am the more impressed with
the conviction that it ought to be adopted since it
was discussed on a former bill. I understand it
will be a great saving to the Government to pur-
chase the building, for the rent you will have to
pay within four .or five years, before you can
build one for the use of the Government, will
amount to half its cost. I understand that an ap-
propriation for the object was approved by a com-
mittee of the House of Representatives. I will
not consume the time of the Senate, but I hope
we may have a vote.
Mr. PETTIT. 1 ask for the yeasand nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WELLER. I have only one remark to
make, and 1 make that because the record will
show that I vote differently now from what I did
the other day. I originally voted for thepurchase
of the building; I think it ought to be purchased;
but after it has been fairly voted down by a ma-
jority of the Senate, I do not think it is proper
that it should be brought in now, especially upon
the Navy bill. I shall therefore vote against it.
Mr. BRADBURY. I think the Senator from
I California will hardly press that argument which
I he has addressed to the Senate. Did we not re-
| cently vote down the proposition relative to the
basin and railway in California; and was not that
presented a second time successfully? 1 think
the Senator from Louisiana was authorized by the
course taken in that case, to presume that he might
offer this amendment with equal propriety.
Mr. WELLER. There is a very essential dif-
ference between the two cases. In the former case
Senators were permitted to exercise their sober
second thought and change their votes. The
amendment, therefore, gathered strength. But
in this case, so far from the'amendment having
: gathered strength, it has lost all the strength which
it originally had. It therefore produces no other
j effect than to embarrass the bill.
.The question being taken by yeas and nays on
; the amendment, resulted—yeas 14, nays 24; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Bradbury, Cooper, Daw-
son, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Foot, Ilanilin, James, Jones
of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mortun, Pearce, and Smith—
14.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Borland, Cass, Cliarl-
ton, Chase, Davis, De Sau.-sur., Dodge of VViscon-in,
Felch, Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Houston, Mallory, Norris, Pettii,
Phelps, Pratt, Shields, Spruance, Sunnier, Underwood,
Wade, and Weller—24.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BADGER. I have two amendments to
oiler from the Committee on Naval Affr.iirs, after
winch I shall trouble the Senate no further on this
bill. The one which i now offer is simply for the
