1072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
purpose of authorizing a reappropriation. A
certain sum of money was appropriated for the
purpose of defraying the expense of continuing
the survey of the coast of the Gulf of Mexico.
That money, under the law, has been carried to
the surplus fund, not having been expended with-
in a certain time; and when the officers applied for
it, although the service had been performed and
the money was due, they could not get it, because
there was no appropriation to pay them.
The amendment is to insert:
And be it furtkeer enacted, That tlie sum of $1,164 10,
being part of the appropriation made for the service of con-
tinuing tiie survey of the coast of the Gulf of Mexico from
Appalaehtcola bay to the Mississippi river, by the act of
March 3. 1841, and which has been carried to tin1 surplus
fund, be and the same is hereby reappropri ated to pay for the
services of the officer or officers employed in that survey.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I have another amendment to
offer, which is my last, and I hope that on that
account at least it will be favorably received. It
is to direct the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury to allow and pay the expenses of cer-
tain Navy officers, who have been engaged in a
commission of Army and Navy officers on the
Pacific coast. It is to add:
And be it farther enacted, That the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury Department be, and they are here
by, authorized and required to allow and pay, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to any
officer or officers of the Navy for expenses incurred by
them while serving upon any joint commission or commis-
sions of Army and Navy officers in California and Oregon
during the years 1849 and 1850, double the pay of a com-
mander in the Navy in sea-service, during the exact time of
their employment on said coast as aforesaid, to wit: from
the 1st of April, 1849, to the 27th of November, 18t0, de-
ducting therefrom the regular pay accruing to said officers
during that period.
Mr. ADAMS. I rise to a question of order.
I ask the decision of the Chair on the point whether
this amendment does not provide for an unliqui-
dated private claim?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) In the opinion ef the Chair the
amendment is in order, being a general provision.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. COOPER. I offer the following amend-
ment:
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of the
Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized to purchase so much
land adjoining the Philadelphianavy-yard as may be neces-
sary for the enlargement of the same : Provided, It can be
done on reasonable terms, and tbat the quantity to be pur-
chased shall not exceed one hundred and fifty feet in ex-
tent on the river Delaware: And provided further, That
the jurisdiction over the same may be first obtained from
the State of Pennsylvania.
This has been estimated for, and it is recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Navy. It is to
purchase one hundred and fifty feet for the en-
largement of the Philadelphia navy-yard. The
amendment makes no appropriation, and I hope
it will be adopted.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I offer the following
amendment:
For executing the provisions of the act approved 3d of
March, 1819, entitled " An act in addition to the acts pro-
hibiting the slave trade," $30,000.
I merely wish to read to the Senate the section
of the law of 1819, to carry out which this amend-
ment is offered, and leave it to the Senate to de-
cide:
" That the President of the United States be, and he is
hereby, authorized to make such regulations and arrange-
ments as he may deem expedient for the safe-keeping, sup-
port, and removal bevond the limits of the United States of
all such negroes, mulaftoes, or persons of color, as may be
so delivered and brought within their juriedicuon."
The preceding parts of the law speak of the cap-
ture of slavers, and bringing these descriptions of
persons within this country. The act goes oik
" And to appoint a proper person or persons residing on
the coast of Africa for recivirig negroes, mulattoes, ami per-
sons of color delivered from on board vessels seized in the
prosecution of the slave trade by commanders of the United
States armed vessels; and that a bounty of J 25 be paid to
the officers and crews of the United States revenue cutters
for each and every mulatto or person of color who shall
have been, as hereinbefore mentioned, delivered to the
marshal or agent duly appointed to receive them. And
the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized and re-
quired to pay, or cause to be paid, to such officers aud
crews the bounty for persons delivered as aforesaid.''
I wish to state to the Senate, that a number of
negroes have heretofore been sent to Africa, and
delivered over to the Colonization Society, instead
of being provided for according to the terms of
thin act, by which you had to pay twenty or
thirty thousand dollars. There is now no pro-
vision for the execution of the law; and if a sla-
ver should be captured between this time and the
meeting of the next Congress, and hundreds of
negroes should be brought into the United States,
and sent thence to Africa, there would not be a
dollar to make provision for them, unless this
amendment be adopted. If the amendment be
adopted, and no such thing should happen, of
course not a dollar could be touched; but if such
an event should happen, there is an absolute
propriety to have a law to meet the case.
Mr. ADAMS. Does this amendment come
from a committee ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. No, sir.
Mr. ADAMS. Then I raise the point, that as
it does not come from a committee, and makes an
appropriation, it is not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that there is no recommendation from
a committee, and that the amendment makes an
appropriation. If that be so 
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not know; that
there is any provision excluding an appropriation
to execute an existing law, and that is the de-
sign of this amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
amendment is in order.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I offer the following amend-
ment:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized to finally distribute
the proceeds in the Treasury of the prize sehooner Oregon
and cargo, according to the fifth section of the act approved
30th September, 1800.
Mr. CASS. I submit to the Senate whether it
is worth while to put any more amendments on
this bill.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I have one small amendment
which I hope will pass without discussion. It is
to insert:
•' And the spirit ration in the Navy is hereby abolished ;
and instead thereof, the sum of six cents a day shall be
hereafter allowed."
The cat has already been abolished in the Navy.
The spirit ration is the complement of the cat, and
should go with it.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment, and they were ordered;and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Charlton, Chase, Davis, Foot,
Hale, Hamlin, Jones of Iowa, Sould, Spruance, Sumner,
Underwood, Wade, and Walker—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Borland,
Brodhead, Butler, Cass, Clarke, Cooper, Dawson, De Saus-
sure, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Fitz-
patrick, Geyer, Gwin, Houston, Jones of Tennessee, Ma-
son, Miller, Morton, Norris, Pearee, Pratt, Sebastian,
Smith, and Weller—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORTON. I beg leave to submit an
amendment:
And be it further enacted, That the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury Department be, and they are hereby,
authorized and directed to pay to William P. S. Sanger,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the same rate of compensation for the time he was
employed as engineer at the Norfolk navy-yard, as was
allowed by the act of Congress, approved September 28,
1830, to James Heron, for services which he had rendered
at the Pensacola navy-yard.
Mr. BAYARD. I rise to a question of order.
Is not this appropriation to provide for a private
claim for past services?
Mr. MORTON. I have not a word to say on
the question of order. That is for the Chair to
decide.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
clearly of opinion that the amendment is to pro-
vide for a private claim, and is therefore out of
order.
No further amendment being offered, the bill
was ordered to a third reading, read a third time,
and passed.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. BADGER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to move that the President pro tem-
pore be authorized to appoint an additional mem-
ber of the Committee on Enrolled Bills. There
are so many calls pressing upon that committee
that they cannot get along without an additional
! member.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Sumner
was appointed.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives making appropriations for light-
houses, light-boats, buoys,&c., and providing for
the erection and establishment of the same and for
other purposes, have directed me to report it back
with a number of amendments, which I send to
the Chair. I ask that the bill be now considered.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The first amendment was to insert among the
appropriations for Rhode Island the following:
For erecting a beacon light at Lime Rock, in Newport
harbor, 3' 1.000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert in the ap-
propriations for Connecticut:
For the erection of one or more beacon lights below Mid-
dletown, on the Connecticut river, and for the erection of
buoys and spindles,$3,000.
For the erection of a fog-bell or whistle, as the Light-
House Board shall determine, on Pine Island, in Fisher's
Island Sound, §1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, among the
appropriations for light-houses on the lakes, the
following:
For erecting a light-house at the mouth of Portage river,
$5,000.
For the erection of a light-house at Point Iroquois, or on
\ the island off Point Ouchaine, as the Light-House Board
shall determine, §5,000.
For making the foundations of two light-houses (one to
be a beacon light) on the St. Clair Flat*, $10,00'!; the places
j to be selected and the work to be executed under the direc-
tion of the Topographical Bureau.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert under the
head of California:
For the erection of a light-house in San Pedro bay,
$10,000.
I The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add the following
additional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Treasury be directed, if in his opinion the safety of
commerce demanded the light at Minot's Ledge, at the
entrance of Boston harbor, to replace that which was de-
stroyed, to examine into tlie claims of K. B. Forbes and
others, who kept a light-boat there at their private expense,
and if he is of opinion that their doings were essential to the
safety of navigation, to allow them such sum as under the
circumstances he deems reasonable, and to pay the same
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in; and the
bill was ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
MARINE HOSPITAL FUND.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which various petitions on the subject
were referred, reported the following resolutions;
which were considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
I Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
\ to inquire into the state and condition of the several marine
hospitals, and to report at the next session of Congress
\ whether, in his opinion, it is expedient to discontinue the
tax upon sailors for their support; and if so, whether any
and what substitute it is expedient to adopt; and also to re-
port his opinion upon so modifjing the present system as to
authorize the removal of sick seamen from one hospital to
another in a different climate.
; Resolved, That the said Secretary of the Treasury further
report from what source the funds for the erection of each
hospital have been derived ;■ the whole amount expended
upon each ; the amount of hospital money paid annually in
the district where each hospital is situated ; the amount an-
nually expended; the amount annually appropriated in
addition by Congress, and the maimer in which it is dis-
I tributed among the districts.
REFORM IN THE MERCHANT MARINE.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which various petitions on the subject
were referred, reported the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to inquire into and report upon the following subjects at the
next session ofCongress:
1st. Whether it is expedient to require vessels belonging
to the United States, and bound on foreign voyages, to take
on board apprentices.
2d. Whether it is expedient to amend or repeal the law
authorizing the issue of protections to seamen ; and
! 3d. Whether it is expedient to establish by law, schools
| of instruction for mariners, or such as are preparing to enter
