THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 1853.
New Series...No. 68.
inli> that service. I'pnn which said several points the Sec- !
retarv is directed to communicate such useful information
ashe mav be able to collect, together with his opinion upon
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Hayes, its Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had agreed to suspend for the
present session the lG:h joint rule, so far as related
to the bill of the House for the relief of Robert
Gibson. Likewise, that it had agreed to the report
of the second Committee of Conference as to the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1853.
Also, that the House of Representatives insisted
upon its disagreement to the fourth and fifth
amendments of the Senate on the bill to establish
certain post roads, and asked for a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on that
bill, and had appointed Mr. Olds, Mr. School-
craft, and Mr. Robixsox, conferees on its part.
And that the House of Representatives had
passed the following bills and joint resolution of
the Senate:
An act to incorporate the Sisters of Visitation in
the District of Columbia;
An act for the relief of L. M. Goldsborough
and others; and
Joint resolution for the relief of the Spanish
Consul and other subjects of Spain residing at
Xew Orleans; and of subjects of Spain residing at
Key West, by indemnity for losses occasioned in
the year 1851.
POST ROUTE BILL.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, the Sen-
ate agreed to the conference asked for by the
House of Representatives on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill to establish certain
post routes.
On motion,
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Senate be
appointed by the President fro tempore.
And Mr. Rcsk, Mr. Dodge of Iowa, and Mr.
Chase, were appointed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill from the House of Representatives making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes for {
the year ending June 30, 1854, which had been
reported from the Committee on Finance with four
amendments. The first amendment was to strike
out " 22d," and insert " 27th," in the description
of the date of an act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thesecond amendment was to insert after the
provision for presents to the Indians, the follow-
ing:
For eipenses already incurred, and that may hereafter
be necessary, for vaccination of Indians, jjj'5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The third amendment was to insert the follow-
ing:
For deficiencies in the fund for contingencies of the In-
dian Department, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The fourth amendment was to strike out the
following clause:
" For payment in full of all claim, under that part of the
treaty of 1831 which has relation to the grant of one hun-
dred thousand aorps of land in fee-simple to the then Ohio
Shawnees, ,966,246 23: Provided, That the receipt there-
for shall specify that it is in full satisfaction of said claim :
And provided, That this appropriation shall not be held to
affect the title of the Ohio Shawnee* to the land under the
treaties of 1825 arid 1831, within the fifty miles square
ceded to the Bhawneea of Missouri by the treaty of 1825."
Mr. ATCHISON, (Mr. Foot occupying the
chair.) Although I am aware that it is against
the usage of the Senate for the Presiding Officer to
come on the floor and engage in debate, I must
ask the indulgence of the Senate for a few moments
on this occasion. This is a claim in which I feel
a deep interest. I think that it is a just claim. 1
68
think it is a legal one; and one which would be J
enforced in a court of justice. But, sir, if there
was nothing in it, nothing in its equity or its
legality, I would insist upon it as a matter of
public policy. These Shawnees are convinced
that they are entitled to this money, and no pro-
cess of reasoning or argument will ever satisfy
them that they are not entitled to the amount ap- ;
propriated by the section of the bill which the |
Committee on Finance propose to strike out. We
have an appropriation in this same bill to provide
for certain treaties to be made with Indians in
the Territory of Nebraska, the Shawnees among
others. If it be the policy and the design of the
Government to make treaties with these Indians
for the extinguishment of their title to lands in
that Territory, we never can effect a treaty with
the Shawnees; they never will come into a coun-
cil for the purpose of treating;, unless this treaty
stipulation, as they consider it, made in 1831, is
carried out in good faith, as they understand it.
The Shawnees had a delegation of their princi-
pal chiefs here at the last session of Congress.
Parks, Blackhoof, and Spybuck were here then.
I told them at the time that I was not satisfied of
the equity and justice of their claim, that I doubted
very much in relation to it; but upon further ex-
amination, after having looked at the treaties and
the documents, I became perfectly satisfied that
the Shawnees of Ohio had an equitable, if not a
legal claim upon the face of the treaty, to this
money. What is the title of the Shawnee Indians
to the land on the Kansas river ? What is their
title to the $66,000 appropriated in this bill? Let
me look at that.
In 1825, a treaty was entered into with a band
of Shawnees called the Missouri Shawnees, who
then owned twenty-five miles square in the county
of Cape Girardeau, in the State of Missouri.
They agreed to relinquish to the United States all
their right, title, and interest in and to those
twenty-five miles square, and the consideration
for that relinquishment of their title to lands in
Cape Girardeau county, Missouri, was, that they
were to receivefrom the Government of the United
States fifty miles square at some point west of the
State of Missouri. I believe the tract of fifty
miles square was designated by metes and bounds,
to commence at the southwestern boundary of
the State of Missouri; but if, after examining that
country, they should not be satisfied with it, they
were aliowei/permission to select the like quantity
elsewhere. They were dissatisfied with the land
designated commencing at the southwestern
, boundary of Missouri, and they went to the Kan-
sas river and agreed to take fifty miles square
lying south of that river. They settled upon that
land, and their boundaries have been designated
and laid off to them.
There was also in the treaty made at Cape Gi-
rardeau a provision that the Shawnees of Ohio
might settle with the Shawnees of Missouri upon
this tract of fifty miles square. In 1831, after the
Missouri band had settled upon the Kansas, a
treaty was made near Sandusky, in the State of
Ohio, by which the band of Shawnees remaining in
that State agreed to relinquish to the Government
of the United States all their right, title, and inter-
est to certain lands there, and a part of the consid-
eration for the cession of those lands was a reserva-
tion of seventy cents per acre to be retained of the
proceeds of the sales of the lands. No one pre-
tends that they have ever received a dollar of this
amount. They were, in addition to that, entitled
to receive one hundred thousand acres of land
west of the State of Missouri. Now, it is con-
tended that the tract of one hundred thousand
acres of land to be given to them was to be laid
off to them under the terms of that treaty, for
which they were to have a fee-simple title. The
Government of the United States has never paid
them any portion of the seventy cents per acre
reserved from the sales of their lands; and they
claim that the Government of the United States
has never laid off the one hundred thousand acres
of land for their use, in conformity to the treaty
made with them; but they have settled upon the
lands of the Missouri Shawnees, and lived with
them. The two bands, the Ohio and the Missouri
bands of Shawnees, now constitute one nation,
one tribe, under the same chiefs. They share in
the annuities of both which are received from this
Government, and I believe they have an equal in-
terest, or at least claim an equal interest by an ar-
rangement between themselves, to the fifty miles
square upon the Kansas river.
These, according to my recollection, are the
facts. I examined the question at the last session
of Congress. My attention has not since been
particularly turned to it; but I think that I have
substantially stated the facts of the case.
Now, Mr. President, even admitting that the
ingenuity of the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Pearce] may find some flaw in their claim as to
its legality, I insist upon the point I first made,
that if you expect to make a treaty with the Shaw-
nees west of the State of Missouri, on the Kansas
river, inhabiting and occupying the best portion
of the proposed NebraskaTerritory, which I trust
may be organized before Congress adjourns, you
cannot effect a treaty with them, for they believe
that they are entitled to this money: and if you
do not carry out in good faith the treaty as they
understand it, they will refuse to hold a council
with your commissioners. Hence public policy
requires, in my opinion, that this demand should
be allowed, even if there should be found neither
law nor equity in it.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I think that
the Senator from Missouri is not quite accurate in
all of his statements. In much, however, that he has •
said he is correct, but there is one material fact in
which I think he is totally mistaken. IftheSenate
will allow meto begin at the beginning, I will state
as briefly as possible what are the facts of the
case.
There are two bands of the Shawnee Indians,
one of which at the date of the treaty of 1825 and
1831, resided in Missouri and the other in Ohio.
By the treaty of 1825, made with the Missouri
Shawnees, it was provided that they should cede
to us a certain tract of land which they held, of
twenty-five miles square, as the Senator stated.
Among other stipulations we on our part agreed
to convey to them a tract of fifty miles square, a
much larger tract as the Senate will perceive—four
times as large. The tract of land which we thus
agreed by the treaty of 1825 to convey to the
Missouri Shawnees was not stipulated to be
conveyed to them for their own use, benefit, and
ownership solely, but for the use, benefit, and
ownership of themselves and the band of Shaw-
nees residing in Ohio. Here is the stipulation:
" It is further agreed by the contracting parties, that ill
consideration of the cession aforesaid, the United States do
hereby agree to give to the Shawnee tribe of Indians within
the State of Missouri, for themselves, and for those of the
, same nation, now residing in Ohio, who may hereafter
emigrate to the west of the Mississippi, a tract ot land equal
! to fifty miles square, situated west of the State of Mis-
souri," &c.
This tract of land was actually given as stipula-
ted, and it was put in possession of the Missouri
Shawnees; but as the Senate will perceive by the
: stipulations of the treaty, it was for the benefit of
the Ohio Shawnees, as well as for themselves. In
1831, we made the treaty of Wapaghkonnetta, by
which the Ohio Shawnees ceded to us their land
in that State. Among the stipulations of that
treaty were the following:
" In consideration of the cessions in the foregoing ar
tide," 
I am reading now from the second article—
1 " the United States 'agree to cause the said tribe or band
of Shawnees, consisting of about four hundred souls, to be
1 removed in a convenient and suitable manner to the west-
' em side of the Mississippi river, and will grant by patent,
in fee-simple, to them and their heirs forever, as long as
thev shall exist as a nation and remain upon the same, a
tract of land to contain one hundred thousand acres, to be
i located under the direction of the President of the Lmted
States, within the tract of land equal to fifty miles
! which was granted to the Shawnee Indians by the second
: article of the treaty made at the city of St. Louis.
That is the article of the treaty which I read a
few moments ago. Thus it will be seen that the
stipulation here was to convey to the Ohio Shaw-
