1074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
nees one hundred thousand acres in fee-simple out I
of that tract which had been before conveyed to
the Missouri Shawnees for the benefit of them-
selves and the Ohio Shawnees. The seventh ar-
ticle of the treaty of Wapagh-k.mnetta provided
for the sale of the lands ceded by the Shawnees:
"The Oiiteri States will expose to public sale, to the
highest bidder, in the manner of seMni}; the publ.e laud-,
the tracts ot laml herein ceded hy the said shawnees. And
niter deducting from the proceeds of such sales the sum of
seventy cents per acre'' 
which the United States reserved to themselves—
"exclusive of the cost of surveying, the cost of the grist-
mill, saw null, and blacksmith shop, ami the aforesaid sum
of to lie advanced ill lieu oi improvements, it is
agreed that any balance which may remain of the avails of
the land*, after sale as aforesaid, shall constitute a fund for
the future necessities of said tribe, parties to this compact."
The United States were to hold this fund as trus-
tees for their benefit, and to pay them five per cent,
upon it. There is no stipulations in the treaty,
as the Senator from Missouri supposes, for the
payment of the Ohio Shawnees of tiieproceeds of
the sales of the f.inds other than the balance, after
deducting- the seventy cents per acre mentioned in
the treaty. Tins appropriation proposes to pay
them the net proceeds of that amount of seventy
cents per acre which was realized from those sales.
There is no stipulation that the United States
should pay this money to these Indians; but on
the contrary it was reserved by the United States
for the benefit of the Government. No doubt
there was a consideration for it, because the first
article of the treaty shows that the stipulations
throughout were mutually dependent. The Uni-
ted States agreed to provide them with one hun-
dred thousand acres of land out of the cession
which had been made to the Missouri Shawnees,
and the Ohio Shawnees agreed, in consideration of
that, to let the United States sell their lands, and
take seventy cents per acre when so sold.
• This claim is not put upon the ground en which
the Senator from Missouri places it. 1 have seen
the argument submitted by the counsel of the
Shawnees of Ohio, and he puts it on ihe ground
that inasmuch as the United States have not set off
those one hundred thousand acres, and conveyed
the tract to them in fee-simple, the United States
ought to pay over the seventy cents per acre. The
fact is, as the Senator from Missouri has stated,
that the Ohio Shawnees have emigrated to the
west of the Mississippi, and have settled among
their brethren—the Missouri Shawnees; have be-
come amalgamated with them again as one tribe,
and are now residisg with them, holding in joint
occupancy this tract of fifty miles square. A tract
of fifty miles square contains, as anybody may
ascertain by computation, one million six hundred
thousand acres. The band of Ohio Shawnees, as
we are told in the treaty, amount to four hundred
in number. The whole tribe of Missouii and
Ohio Shawnees together amounts to about eight
hundred. The Ohio Shawnees, therefore, being
half the tribe, and all of them holding the land
undivided !y, have of course aright to an undivided i
moiety of the whole, or they hold it in common as I
joint tenants.
Now, sir, I do not understand that the failure
of the United States to lay off one hundred thou-
sand acres of land for the Ohio Shawnees obliges
them, either m strict justice or liberal equity, to pay
to the Indians the sum of money which the Uni-
ted States reserved from the sale of their lands in
Ohio. A strict compliance with the stipulations of
the treaty would oblige the United States to cause
one hundred thousand acres to be laid off out of
the fifty miles square, and in that event these In-
dians would get but one sixteenth part of the tract
on which they now reside. If the United States
did that, they would be complying literally and
strictly with their obligation. There is no obsta-
cle in the way of the United States complying with
that obligation. Nobody can doubt but that the
Missouri Shawnees would open a negotiation for
that purpose, for they would find it to their inter-
est to do so; and if the Ohio Shawnees are to be
treated as a separate tribe, and to have one hun-
dred thousand acres of the one million six hun-
dred thousand which they are now occupying, it
would leave one million five hundred thousand for
the Missouri Shawnees. That would be a literal
compliance with the treaty, though by no means
advantageous to the Ohio Shawnees. As it is, '
they are joint tenants, or holding a common occu-1
paiicy of this large tract of land. The clause which I
the Committee on Finance propose to strike out,
provides for paying to these Indians $66,246 23,
which is the net pioceeds of the sum reserved
by the United States, and it provides further that
this appropriation shall not be held to affect the
title of the Ohio Shawnees to the land held by
them: that is, in effect, the Ohio Shawnees shall
be entitled to the joint occupancy of one million
six hundred thousand acres of land, notwithstand-
ing the payment of this money; or, if they choose
to demand it, to have a separate tract of one hun-
dred thousand acres laid off out of the one million
six hundred thousand and the money besides.
That is the effect of the amendment. Sir, there
is no equity in it. There is no shadow of jus-
tification on the part of the Indians for a claim
like that.
The Senator from Missouri,however, seems to
think it is important to give them this money, to
which they have really no claim under the treaty,
and none that I can see in fair equity; because
without it they will not go into council when we
propose to get from them a cession of the one mil-
lion six hundred thousand acres, to which, as a
part of the amalgamate tribe, thev are entitled.
1 do not know that it is so important to enter into
that treaty to which the Senator referred for the
cession of the lands adjoining the Kansas, which
they are holding in joint occupancy. I think that
$66,000 would be a pretty large price to pay for
the privilege of entering into any negotiation with
them for the sale of their lands. I am disposed,
at all events, to wait and see, even if it be determ-
ined that it is proper to enter into that negotia-
tion, if we cannot effect it without such an enor-
mous bonus as this.
As a further proof of what I have said, let me
adduce the patent which was issued to the Mis-
souri Shawnees for this land in 1844, in which
these facts are sufficiently set forth. The patent
recites the second article of the treaty, by which
" It was ' agreed by the contracting parties, that in con-
sideration of the cession,' by the first arucle, 'the United
' Slates should give to the Shawnee tribe of I udians, within
'the State of Missouri, for themselves and for those of the
'same nation' then 'residing in Ohio, who may hereafter
'emigrate to the west of the Mississippi, a tract of land
' equal to filtv (50) miles square, situated west of the State
' ot Missouri.' "
That is the provision which I have read. The
grant in the patent is in these words:
'• Now, know ye that the United States of America, in
considerationol the premises, andm execution oftheagree-
iiientf and stipulations in the aforesaid articles of conven-
tion, have given, and by these presents do give, unto the
said Shawnee tribe of Indians who were within the State
ot .Missouri, and who are deMgnated in the aforesaid second
article of the convention, for themselves, and for those of
ihe same nation who were residing in Ohio, and who are
al.-o relerred to in said second article, subject to the right
secured to the Ohio band of the Shawnees by the second arti-
cle of ihe ' agreement and convention made and concluded
at IVujmrkkonetta, in the county of allien and Stale of
Ohio, on the Sth day of August, in the year of our Lord
1831.'"
Now, sir, it is proposed to give these Indians
this sum of $66,000, and to protect them in their
possession and joint occupancy of one million six
hundred thousand acres of land, when the only
possible claim they can have against the United
States, is that, instead of being continued in the
joint occupancy of one million six hundred thou-
and acres of land, they should, according to the
strict treaty, be narrowed down to the exclusive
occupancy of one hundred thousand acres. I
think it is perfectly clear that the amendment is
right, and ihat it should be adopted.
Mr. ATCHISON. Mr. President, there is no
material difference in the statement of this case
between the Senator from Maryland and myself.
The principal difference is as to inferences. By
the treaty of 1825 with the Missouri Shawnees, it
was provided that the Ohio Shawnees might settle
among them. Who asked this provision? It
was the Missouri Shawnees who asked it; and it
was provided by this treaty that the Shawnees of
Ohio might settle upon their lands, upon the fifty
miles square granted .to them lying on the Kansas
river. Then, in 1831, the Shawnees of Ohio sold
their lands, and it was stipulated in that treaty as
a part of the consideration, that they should have
one hundred thousand acres laid off to them within
the fifty miles square belonging to the Missouri
Shawnees. 1 ask the honorable Senator from
Maryland, what right had this Government to
make any such stipulation? If the land belonged
to the Missouri Shawnees, the United States had
no right to make a stipulation that the Ohio Shaw-
ness should have one hundred thousand acres of
it laid off to them. But, sir, the treaty itself con-
i tradicts that construction of it, for the latter pait
of the second article provides:
" But if there should not be a sufficiency of good land
unoccupied by Ihe Miawnee Indians who have already set-
tled on the iract granted as aforesaid bv the said treaty of
St. Louis, then the tract ol one hundred thousand acres
hereby granted to the said Shawnee.-, of Ohio, parties to
this contract, shall be located under the dntctioii of the
President of the United Slates, on lands continuous to the
said Shawnees of Missouri, or any other unappropriated
lands wthin the district of country designed for the emi-
grating Indians of the United Slates."
The patent, which has been brought up by the
Senator from Maryland, was alluded to at the
last session; but there was no stipulation in the
treaty of 1825 authorizing or requiring the Presi-
dent of the United States to issue to the Shawnee
Indians a patent for their lands, but there was a
stipulation in the treaty of 1831 with the Ohio-
Shawnees, requiring the Government of the United
States to issue to them a patent in fee-simple for
one hundred thousand acres of land.
Then, sir, I insist first, that the United States
had no right to make any stipulation for the set-
tlement of the Ohio Shawnees within the fifty
miles square upon the Kansas river; that it was
a questiononly for theMissouriShawnees whether
or not they would permit their brethern of Ohio
to settle within their limits; and that the United
! States had no right, under the treaty of 1825, to
force any such settlement.
The patent which has been quoted by the Sen-
ator from Maryland amounts to nothing. It is
not even evidence of title, because there was not
the shadow of any law or of any treaty upon which
to base it; and the United States have failed to
comply with their treaty stipulations by not giving-
to the Shawnees of Ohio a patent for one hundred
thousand acres of land, to be selected "contieu-
I ous"—that is the word of the treaty—to the fifty-
miles square granted to the Shawnees of Missouri.
In that respect they have failed to comply with
one treaty, and they have gone beyond the requi-
sition of another.
If the Shawnees of Ohio have not received their
one hundred thousand acres of land, as I insist
they have not, are they not in equity and justice
entitled to the seventy cents on each acre of their
lands sold by the United States in the State of
Ohio under the stipulations of the treaty of 1831 ?
If this appropriation be not made, if these $66,00ft
be not allowed, there is an entire failure of con-
sideration for the sale of the Shawnee lands in
the State of Ohio, for it is admitted that they have
never had one dollar of the seventy cents per acre
which was reserved; and they have never received
their one hundred thousand acres of land either
with or without a patent.
These are the two plain points involved in this
case, and there are none others. The ingenuity
of the Senator from Maryland cannot find out any
other.
| Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, the parties to
the treaty of St. Louis were the Missouri band of
Shawnees and the United States. Nobody can
doubt that those parties had a right to make any
stipulations they pleased not contradictory to the
Constitution of the United States. Well, sir, the
i Missouri band of Shawnees agreed that they
\ would accept the fifty miles square of land granted
to them, subject to the right of the Ohio Shaw-
nees, to be located upon it along with them.
' That was their stipulation; and the United States
j when they sent the Ohio Shawnees over to the
settlement of the Missouri Shawnees, violated no
stipulation with the Missouri band, because the
very thing provided for in the treaty of 1825 was
that they should receive this land, not for their
own use exclusively, but subject also to the use
of the Ohio Shawnees whenever they should
emigrate to the west of the Mississippi. There
was therefore no violation of any treaty stipula-
tion by sending the Ohio Indians over to the ter-
ritory of the Missouri Shawnees.
It is true, as I have admitted already, that the
United States stipulated that they would locate
the Ohio Shawnees on one hundred thousand
acres of land, to be laid off out of the tract of fifty-
miles square granted to the Missouri Shawnees.
That is the stipulation of the treaty of 1831, and
also that if sufficient land could not be found in
that large tract, the United States should lay off
the one hundred thousand acres contiguous to the
