1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1075
lands of the Missouri Shawnees. How does it1!
anpesr thtt there was no land in these sixteen
huntlrei thousand acres adequate to that purpose'
That a'.es.uion is not made. The whole tribe are
hung comfortably on the sixteen hundred thou-
sand acres, and when we consider the number of
the tribe, we find that this gives about two thou-
sand acres to every living soul. Therefore the
failure of the United States to comply with the
strict letter of the treaty of 1831 is simply this;
that instead of giving these Indians one hundred
thousand acres of land in fee-simple, it has left
tliem with the other half of the tribe in the joint
occupancy of sixteen hundred thousand acres—a
much better arrangement for them. If they are
not satisfied with it, they have undoubtedly a
risht to demand that the United States shnll lay
off one hundred thousand for their separate use;
and whenever they demand that, no doubt the
Government of the United States will respond fa-
vorably to their request; but they have no right
to demand that we shall leave them in the occu-
pancy of this large tract of land, and also pay them
the seventy cents per acre which we reserved from
the proceeds of their lands in Ohio ceded to us,
and which was unquestionably the consideration
for the grant of land made by the United States
in the treaty of 1831. I think the matter is too
plain to need further discussion.
Mr. CASS. I feel a great deal of interest in
this matter, as I explained to the Senate at the
last session, arising out of a long official inter-
course with these Indfcns. I have known them
since the war of 1813, and a more faithful band of
Indians in the worst of times to the United States
was not found on our frontier. A party of them
accompanied me into the far northwest, in one of
the most dangerous crises of our affairs in this
country, headed by their old chief, Black-hoof,
then eighty years of age; and no men ever be-
haved better than they did. One of the men, as
I stated to the Senate at the last session, then with
me, was Black-hooi's son. He was in this city at
the last session when I spoke of the circumstance,
and 1 believe he is here now. He was a fine young
lad at the time to which I refer. There was also
in that party, Parks, a half-breed Shawnee, who
married among them; and who is one of the most
faithful men that ever was in the service of the
United States. I know them well. They are an
exceedingly well-behaved band of Indians. They
are intelligent and christianized, and most of them
read and write. They deserve every encourage-
ment from the Government.
Now, how does this particular case stand ? The
Shawnees for some time, I think for about sixty
or sixty-five years, have been separated, one of the
bands residing in Missouri, and the other in Ohio.
Both have dwindled away, as all Indians dwindle ji
down before the pressure of the white settlers l
upon them. When we made the treaty of 1825 i
with the Missouri Indians, all its provisions in
short were that we should give them one million
six hundred thousand acres of land, or fifty miles
square for the cession of the land which they ceded
at Cape Girardeau. The honorable Senator from
Maryland says with a great deal of truth, that we
gave them a much larger quantity than we got.
To be sure we did; but the quantity which we got
was worth ten times as much as what the Indians
received. That is the whole processof Indian set-
tlement. You buy from them land near your set-
tlements, hizh in value, and if you give them acre
for acre, or two or three acres for one, you make
the Jew's bargain with them. When you go
West, as everywhere else, it is the local position
of land that gives it value The land which they |
ceded in Missouri had attained a value. The land ,
which they received from us in the far West be- j
yond Missouri, had no value in money at that .
time. 11 is not therefore a question of the amount
of acres ceded and received, but it is a question of
the value ceded and received; and when we come
to consider the value which we received, we find
that there was a great disparity between what we
gave and what we got. ,
These bands of Indians were separated for a 1
lone time. I, myself, was present at the making
of a treaty with them prior to 1825. When there,
a band from the Missouri Indians came over to :
meet the Ohio Shawnees. By direction of the
Government, I attended them with a view to in-1
djr.e them to unite. They, themselves, wanted {
to be united; and from that day to the day of their i
union, both bands have wanted to come together; !
but the Ohio Indians did not want to sacrifice the
domicil they had acquired, and which they had
improved in a very valuable manner.
What was the bargain which General Clark
made with the Missouri Shawnees ? Why, that he
would give them one million six hundred thou-
sand acres west of Missouri, as a home for them-
selves and for the Ohio Indians. That is the ar-
rangement. Well, what did we get? We got the
Cape Girardeau lands. We got fully paid. When
that was done, that tract had passed from us.
Now, then, if afterwards we said to the Ohio In-
dians, " Give us your lands in Ohio, and take one
hundred thousand acres in the tract which we have
given your brethren before," it is very clear that
we gave them nothing. That is as certain as fate.
Whatever the treaty may say, and whatever was
strictly and legally the bargain, it is a fact beyond
dispute that we gave them what was already their
own. We gave to the Cape Girardeau Indians
one million six hundred thousand acres; we pro-
vided by the treaty of Wapagh-konnetta, that of
those one million six hundred thousand acres, the
Wapaghkonnettalndians should haveone hundred
thousand acres laid off by us. I doubt the power
of the United States to lay off any land out of that
which had been previously granted. I doubt the
power of the United States to make the division
among them. But, however that may be, it is
certain that what we gave to the Ohio Indians we
had already received payment for from the Cape
Girardeau Indians.
Now, put this as you please in any possible le-
gal point of view. Here was a tribe of Indians
dealing with us; we got a very valuable property
from them atWapaghkonnetta, for which wejiave
paid them nothing at all. I appeal to the Senate
if that should be so.
Besides, the Senator says that seventy cents
was reserved;—for what? No one can say, except
that the United States had the strong hold and
would keep it. That is all. Besides, that was not
a permanent compact, as the honorable Senator
from Maryland seems to suppose, for if 1 recol-
lect aright, the reserved fund may be dissolved
and paid over at any moment by the President of
the United States or Congress. It is according to
the very terms of the treaty of 1831 a temporary
arrangement, and whenever Congress or the
President think proper to put an end to it, it can
be done; but then the fund must be paid over to
the Indians. We ground the Indians down to
five per cent, interest on the fund, to pay it to them
as long as they should think proper to receive it;
and if they should be dissatisfied, it should be dis-
solved, and they should receive it.
Then Jet us look at the case. We got the land
of these Ohio Shawnees from them, and we sent
them over to occupy land belonging to their breth-
ren, the Missouri band of Indians, for which their j
brothers had paid us; and now, when they come I
and ask us payment, we say to them, " this is the 1
literal construction of your bargain—we have got
your lands, and we shall not pay you." I may
have more zeal than some others in this matter. 1
confess that I have a great feeling of interest in
the prosperity of these Indians. I know them,
and when a proper opportunity offers itself, Con-
gress should give its mark of approbation to In-
dians who have conducted themselves like them, :
and who have stood between the British Indians
and our frontiers,and saved the lives of our own
inhabitants. That is my opinion.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to know if this
case was not before the Senate at the last session,
and disposed of by a vote adverse to the payment
of the money? j
Mr. PEARCE. It was.
Mr. BAYARD. If so, according to my recol-
lection ofthedebatewhichthen tookplace, 1 formed
a very decided opinion against the allowance.
Mr. PETTIT. I entirely concur in the view of
this subject which has been taken by the honorable
Senator from Michigan and the honorable Senator
from Missouri. I desire to call the attention of
the Senate for a moment to the provisions of the
treaty made at St. Louis with the Missouri Shaw-
nees; and it will be found from that that this reser-
vation ofthe lands granted to them in the far West,
were not given to them and to the remainder ofthe
divided tribe in Ohio. No gentleman, from read-
ing the language of the treaty itself, could believe :
that it vests title to a single rood, or a single square ■
inch ofthe fifty miles square in that portion of the
tribe which still remained in Ohio. The treaty
made with the Missouri Shawnees in 1825, was ac-
cording to its title " made between William Clark,
' as Superintendent of Indian Affairs, and the Chiefs
' and Head Men of the Shawnee nation of Indians
' residing within theState of Missouri, duly author-
ized and empowered by said nation."
Then it will be seen that this treaty was between
the Shawnees of Missouri and ourSuperintendent
ot Indian Affairs. What is the stipulation ? First,
the Shawnees ceded their twenty-five miles square
at Cape Girardeau, which they held by undoubted
title from the Spanish authorities.
In the second article we find the following: "It
is furtjier agreed by the contracting parties."
Who are the contracting parties? The Mis-
souri Shawnees upon the one side, and the United
States upon the other. The Ohio Shawnees had
no part nor parcel in this contract.
" It is further agreed by the contracting parties,
that in consideration of the cession aforesaid."
Now, what was that cession? The Missouri
Shawnees had in the preceding article conceded
twenty-five miles square at Cape Girardeau. The
Ohio Indians had not paid adime, and whyshould
it be considered in that view, as vesting in them
title to lands for which they have not paid a single
farthing? But, if we read further, we will find
that by the very terms of the treaty, construing
it by any principle of law you see fit to apply to
it, the Ohio Shawnees have not one scintilla of
legal title to this property.
Mr. PEARCE. I think that the Senator mis-
understands me upon that point. I never affirmed
that the treaty of 1825 vested any title in the Ohio
Shawnees. It vested the title in the Missouri
Shawnees, but subject to the conditions that their
brethren, the Ohio Shawnees, should be entitled
with themselves to the lands. And then the treaty
of 1831, which was made in pursuanceof the stipu-
lations of the treaty of 1825, did vest In the Ohio
Shawnees the title to one hundred thousand acres
of the fifty miles square, on which the Missouri
Shawnees were then living. We made that stipu-
lation, as we had a right to do.
Mr. PETTIT. I am certainly not willing to
misunderstand the Senator, and I am glad that he
has made the correction; but I did understand him
to insist that by the treaty of 1825, there was a
cession of land for this divided tribe, the two
fractions of it, when they should come together.
But it will be found, on reading the treaty, that
so far from its being a cession to the Ohio Shaw-
nees, or so far from its reserving any right to the
United States to plant the Ohio Shawnees there,
it is quite the reverse. It was a question simply
of gratuity, of kindness, of generosity, on the
part of the Missouri Shawnees, as to whether or
not they would make any reservation for their
brethren the Ohio Shawnees. The provision
reads:
"It is further agreed by the contracting parties, that in
consideration of the cession aforesaid, the United Statca
do hereby agree to srive to the Shawnee tribe of Indians
within the State of Mi>sonri, for themselves, and for those
of the same nation now residing m Ohio, who may here-
after emigrate to the west of the Mississippi, a tract," &c.
Here, then, is a stipulation to give to A a piece
of land for himself and another man, if the other
man goes there. Where is the title in that case ?
No gentleman will pretend for a moment that B
has any title in it, or can assert any title. He is
not vested with any title; the deed creates none
in him, for he is not the grantee; and there must
necessarily be in every such deed grantor and
grantee. Persons must take in presenti; and,
therefore, according to the rules of law, none but
the Missouri tribe of Shawnees could, according
to the treaty, take this land. It is very probable
that there was some talk among them at the time,
when their brethren of Ohio thought of going
west, and the Indians may have said, We will re-
serve our brethren a portion of our land; but it
was a matter of sufferance, and sufferance alone;
and depended at any rate upon their going there.
Now, the Shawnees of Ohio have not bound
themselves in the treaty of 1831 to go to the land
ofthe Missouri Shawnees. Suppose they should
have refused to go there. Then what would they
have got? They would have ceded their lands in
Ohio without receiving a cent for them. They
were sent to the lands of the Missouri Shawnees. ,
The title to that land had already been vested in
