1076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
the Missouri Shawnees, and the Government of
the United States could not divest it and transfer
it to the Ohio Shawnees. To my mind, there is
nothing in the world plainer than that we havegot
the lands of the Ohio Shawnees without paying
them—without ceding to them the one hundred
thousand acres we stipulated to cede to them, and
without having paid them the residue of the money,
beyond the expense of removal, which was to be
paid out of the proceeds of the land into the Treas-
ury for their benefit; and which was to be paid to
them in gross when they should desire it. It seems
to me that there is no excuse, no apology for the
non-performance of this contract on our part.
I have nothing to say in reference to the fidelity
and the services of these Indians. I know noth-
ing about that. But surely it has been so glow-
ingly and warmly described, that if it were a ques-
tion of feeling on our part, the eloquent speech of
the Senator from Michigan would have been suffi-
cient to carry the Senate in favor ofthe allowance,
and against the amendment. But I look upon it
only as a legal question. If we do not pay this
money to the Ohio Shawnees, we shall rob them
beyond question of that which was theirs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. This appropriation has
passed the House of Representatives upon two
previous occasions. It is now a part of the ap-
propriation bill, as it has come from the House.
The Committee on Finance, however, have moved
to strike it out. Of course those in favor of the
appropriation will vote in the negative on the
amendment. I do not rise to discuss the question
at any length, although it is one with which 1 am
familiar. The Committee on Indian Affairs have
had the subject under consideration, and have
come to precisely the opposite conclusion with
that of the Committee on Finance. The Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs,for the argument advanced
by other Senators, with the repetition of which I
will not trouble the Senate, are opposed to striking
out the appropriation, and are in favor of the va-
lidity of the claim.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not. rise to make a
speech, or to attempt anything like an argument
against this claim. The subject was, as I thought,
very thoroughly discussed at the last session. I
then voted with a majority of the Senate to reject
the claim. I have since seen no occasion to change
my opinion; and without going into the argument
I shall be compelled to vote as I did then.
Mr. WALKER. I voted with the Senator from
Arkansas at the last session against the claim. I
was not then familiar with the subject, and was
not certain of its justice; but so far as 1 was con-
cerned it was sprung upon me suddenly. Since
then I have looked into the matter, and have be-
come perfectly satisfied that I was wrong. I con-
cur in the remarks of the Senators from Michigan
and Indiana, and I think that if we do not intend
to do a wrong to these Indians we ought to make
this appropriation. I believe it will be made
sometime, and I think it ought to be made now.
Mr. CHASE. I wish to say that I am in the
same predicament with the Senator from Wiscon-
sin. I voted with the Senator from Arkansas at
the last session, but I have since examined the
subject, and I am thoroughly convinced that no
private property belongs to any Senator in this
Chamber by a better title than that by which
these Indians claim this money.
Mr. BORLAND. One of the considerations
presented at the last session, if my memory does
not fail me, in opposition to this allowance was,
that although it purported to be a provision for the
payment of the money to these Indians, a large
portion of it belonged to agents and attorneys,
and that assignments for it were on file in the De- '
partments.
Mr. PETTIT. Such assignments are not worth -
a straw under the law.
Mr. WALKER. I would call the attention of |
the Senator from Arkansas to a provision adopted I
in the Indian appropriation bill at the last session, j
which applied to the appropriations then made and
was also prospective. It is in these words:
" Jlnd he it farther enacted, That 110 part of the appro-
priations herein made, or that may hereafter be made for
the benefit of any tribe or part of a tribe of Indians shall be
paid to any attorney or agent of such Indians, or tribe, or ;
pari of a tribe j but in any case be paid directly to the In-
dian or Indians themselves so entitled, or to the tribe or
part of a tribe, per capita, unless the imperious necessities
ofthe Indian or Indians, or some treaty supulation, shall
require the payment lo be made otherwise."
If that provision does not save the Indians, it is
not in the power of Congress to do it.
Mr. WliLLER. I believe this claim was de-
feated at the last session, upon the allegation that
the money would go into the hands of certain
agents and attorneys here, instead of benefiting,
as we desired to do, the Indians themselves. It was
rejected, not because the Senate regarded it as an
unjust claim or an iniquitous demand, but because
the money would inure to the benefit of other per-
1 sons than the Indians. I have no recollection how
I voted upon the subject at the last session; nor is
it a matter of any importance for me to know. I
have paid some attention to the argument of the
question, and I am entirely satisfied that justice
requires that we should vote them this appropria-
tion. I shall have, therefore, no hesitation in
voting for it, no matter how I may stand re-
corded in regard to it at the last session of Con-
gress. Although this may not be a legal demand,
within the technical meaning of the phrase, yet I
hold it to be a just and equitable one, and one
which the Government of the United States should
respect. I have but one rule to govern me in this
matter, and that is, that the Government of the
United States ought never to do what an honest
man dare not do. The rule by which I am gov-
erned in the adjudication of these claims is, that
whatever an honest man would be compelled to
do by the rules of society, in order to maintain the
reputation of an honorable man among his neigh-
i bors, the Government of the United States ought
always to do.
Mr. BAYARD. I should be very sorry to
introduce into legislation the views which the
honorable Senator ,from California thinks ought
to obtain. If we are to substitute the vague and
general opinions of individuals as to what consti-
tutes honor or honesty, as a rule for governmental
action, where will you be landed ? It will be some-
thing like the ancient doctrines of the courts of
equity. I have heard a great deal in this Chamber
of law and equity; but let me remind gentlemen
that in the first origin of those courts, equity con-
sisted in the length of the chancellor's foot. There
are a great many feet in this Chamber, and some
allow as elastic as India rubber. I think you will
find the honesty and justice of a claim to depend
perhaps upon the weight of influence that may be
brought to bear, and upon the particular circum-
stances of the friends who may choose to urge it.
Such would be the result of the abandonment of
all general principles of right, known, fixed, and
established principles which do not rest in the
mere opinions of each individual as to what he or
they think is right in regard to particular transac-
tions. I differ, therefore, from the honorable Sen-
ator from California as to what ought to be the
principle of legislation in reference to Indians, or
any other parties. But I do agree that with refer-
ence to Indians I would carry the principle of
relief to them very far when I saw any ground for
; it. I would stand upon no strictly legal rights
| with regard to them. I would extend to them the
utmost equity. I speak now of rational princi-
! pies of equity, deducible upon sound rules. I
would give them the utmost benefit of that in the
interpretation of any contract made by them with
the Government, but I would not go beyond that.
As regards this particular claim, upon which
discussion has arisen, I confess I have not been
able to see a shadow of ground for it. And further,
in my own belief, notwithstanding the very strin-
gent provisions read to the Senate by the honor-
j able Senator from Wisconsin, the money is not
for the Indians, but for those who are boring for it.
j And to my own certain knowledge, those people
laugh to scorn all your provisions of law against
their getting hold of it. I have myself been asked
to give an opinion whether this claim was a good
I one, with a view to its purchase.
Mr. PETTIT. I wish to ask the Senator from
Delaware whether we ought to refuse to pay an
honest debt—one that honor and law and con-
science alike bind us to pay—even though a thief
may stand atour creditor's back, and rob him the
next moment?
Mr. BAYARD. Of course not. I agree with
the Senator in that; but I think this is not a good
claim, and it will go to greedy speculators.
Mr. WELLER. I think I laid down a rule a
few minutes ago, so far as concerns my own ac-
tion, in such terms that my friend from Delaware
ought not to have taken exception to it. Now, I
desire to know if he as a Senator will vote here to
reject a claim which as an honest and honorable
man he would consider himself bound to pay.
That is the rule I lay down. If there be pre-
sented to Congress a claim which if presented
against me as an individual I should be bound in
honor and justice to pay, I will vote as a Senator
to liquidate that claim. That is the rule which I
would have the Government of the United States
observe in settling with its citizens. It should ob-
serve the same rules of morality and honesty that
honorable men are compelled to observe in their
private transactions. That is the rule that I have
prescribed for my own action; but 1 undertake to
say that the Government of the United States is
every day doing what no honest man dare do. I
mean by that to say that if a private individual
were to refuse from day to day to pay his honest
debts, he would be kicked out of the community.
No man who is justly and fairly indebted to an-
other can delay the payment of his debt from
year to year, upon the mere ground that it does
not suit his convenience to discharge it, and main-
tain the reputation of an honorable man. If a
claim wereagainstmeasan individual,and 1 should
regard myself as an honorable man bound to dis-
charge it, I will vote to pay that claim out of the
National Treasury, when it is a claim against the
Government. I know nothing of those nice dis-
tinctions that my friend from Delaware endeavors
to draw between the transactions of the Govern-
ment and the transactions of individuals. I think
that that which would beTlishonorable in a pri-
vate man, is equally dishonorable in the Govern-
ment. That, sir, wastherule which I laid down,
and I was very sorry that my friend from Dela-
ware found it necessary to dissent from it.
Applying that principle to this case, I say that
if this be a just and equitable claim on the part of
the Shawnees against the Government of the Uni-
ted States, whether or not it be a strictly legal
claim, I would vote to pay it. I will not, in the
intercourse which I may have with the Indians of
this country, hold them to a rigid compliance with
the letter of the law. I will look into the equity
of their claim, and if it be such a one as an indi-
vidual would be compelled to respect, I will vote
the public money to provide for it.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator from California misunderstood me en-
tirely. I will not detain the Senate now, but I
will probably take occasion hereafter, on another
occasion, to explain my views in regard to what
1 consider the danger of applying to legislative
action the individual opinions of men, instead of
having some general controlling principles to guide
us. In regard to the question which has been put
to me, I answer at once that there are hundreds
of cases in which, as an individual exercising that
uncertain principle of honor, as it is called, which
every man must determine for himself according
to his own feelings, I should choose to pay a claim,
but in regard to which, as a legislator, I should
not feel that the claim had sufficient grounds to
enable me to vote for it.
Mr. BORLAND. I agree with the Senator
from California in the principle which he lays
down for the settlement of claims against the Gov-
ernment. I have always acted upon that prin-
ciple. I have avowed on more occasions than
j one that I would govern my votes here in regard
i to the payment of claims against the Government
i i upon the same principle that I would act with re-
j gard to a private claim between individuals. I
I' think that is the correct principle; but it so hap-
. pens in this case that I am not satisfied that justice
requires the payment of this claim. I said when
i I was up before that I would not go into the argu-
! ment, not because I had voted in a particular way
at the last session, but that I did not deem it ne-
cessary to repeat the arguments then made use of,
not by myself, but by other Senators, by which
I was then convinced that the claim had no foun-
dation in justice or equity. I do not say that the
statement then made, that the money proposed to
be appropriated was to be paid into the hands of
agents, was the argumenton which it was rejected.
I did say, however, that it was presented and very
strongly urged here as a reason why we should
hesitate long before we did pay the amount. The
Senator from Delaware has well said that whether
or not we guard against it bylaw this money will
go into the hands of agents and attorneys.
Sir, we need not look beyond the lobbies of this
