1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
1077
Chamber to know where a large portion of the
money is to go, and where it was assigned to go
as stated at the last session. Notwithstanding all
this, if 1 could be convinced that the Senator from
Ohio and the Senator from Wisconsin, who voted
with me at the last session, had <rood grounds for
believing that this claim now was just and equi-
table, or was equitable without being sanctioned
by the strict rules of law, 1 should not h^itate to
vote for it. But I have heard nothing to change
mymmd.and therefore I shall be compelled to
vote for the amendment and against the claim.
Mr. WALKER called tor the yeas and nays
on the amendment, and they were ordered; and
beine taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 28; as fol-
lows:
\ EAS—Messrs. R&rfzcr, Bayard, Well, Borland, Dawson,
Podge ot Iowa, FMi, Foot, Hamlin, Hunter, Mangum,
Pearee, and Spruanre—13.
VAYS —Me«sr<. Bright, Hrodhead, Cass, Charlton,
Otu-e, Clarke, Cooper, l)odgtf of Wisconsin, Downs, Fitz-
patrick. Oyer, Houston, James, Jones of Iowa, Mallory,
Miller, Morton, Pettit, Uu«k, Sebastian, Shields, Smith,
Snul£, Su-nner, I'nderwood, Wade, Walker, and Weller
—*2£.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following amend-
ment, which is in conformity with estimates from
the Indian Bureau:
F<# removal and subsistence of the Seminoles now in
Florida, .*->.>0,000 ; this amount having been heretofore ap-
propriate.! and earned to the surplus fund, under the act
approved 3lsr of' Au*ii«t, making appropriations for
the civiJ and diplomatic expenses ot the Government.
Mr. WELLER. Does the Senator offer that
amendment by direction of any standing commit-
tee 5
Mr. MORTON. I offer it as Senator from
Florida.
Mr. WELLER. As it makes an appropri-
ation, 1 do not think that it is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator to say that it was in pur-
suance of an estimate from a Department, and it
is therefore in order.
Mr. WELLER. What is the date of that esti-
mate :
Mr. MORTON. December 20, 1852. it is for
the purpose of carrying out an existing law. An
appropriation was heretofore made for the removal
and subsistence of these Indians, but not having
been applied to that purpose, it was under the act
of 1852 carried to the surplus fund. The Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs merely asks that the
money shall be reappropriated for the same pur-
pose.
Mr. WELLER. I should like to have the Sen-
ator from Florida inform me how many Indians
he proposes to remove ? How many Indians are
there in Florida?
Mr. MORTON. I presume the Senator from
California is as well informed on the subject as I
am.
Mr. WELLER. I know nothing about it, and
if the Senator is in the same condition, weare not
acting understanding^ on the subject.
Mr. MORTON. The number of Indians there
is variously estimated. I believe that the last
commissioner sent into that country estimates i
them at from five to six hundred; but whether .
they be fiveorsix, or five hundred or six hundred,
matters not. They are to be removed from the
territory of Florida in conformity with treaty stip-
ulations. The commissioner sent out last fall for
the purpose of removing them, has failed in that
object, and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
if now of opinion that this amount is necessary in
order to carry into effect the treaty of 1832.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator from Florida ,
says there are some five or six hundred of these
Indians. It will be a very expensive plan which |
will require the appropriation of $200,000 to re-
move five or six hundred Indians from Florida.
To what point are they to be removed ?
Mr. MORTON. West of the Mississippi.
Mr. WELLER. That is a very indefinite ex-
pression. I live west of the Mississippi.
Mr. MORTON. West of Arkansas.
Mr. WELLER. I think this is a very expensive
appropriation, when we are called upon to give !i
§200,000 to remove these Indians west of the Mis-
sissippi river, perhaps into some Territory of the
United States, and next year we may be called
upon to make an appropriation to remove them
'till further west. Sir, the white man has now
gone to the West. The people whom I represent
here are in the West. They are standing on the
shores of the Pacific, and who ever goes further
west than they are, must jump overboard; that is
very sure. It seems to me very singular that this
appropriation of §200,000 should be asked for this
purpose.
Mr. MORTON. I am very much astonished
at the opposition raised by the Senator from Cali-
fornia to the amendment which I have proposed.
The Government of the United States is bound by
treaty stipulation to remove these Indians from
Florida. All that I, as Senator from Florida, ask
is, that the treaty stipulations of the United States
shall be complied with. A large portion of the
Seminole nation of Indians was removed to the
country set apart for them west of Arkansas, and
all that we want is, that this remnant shall be re-
moved from Florida, and transferred to the same
country where their brethren are now located. 1
am not prepared to say that £200,000 will be re-
quired to remove these Indians, but we want the
money which was heretofore appropriated by
Congress, after due consideration, and which has
been passed into the surplus fund, reappropriated
for that purpose. I presume that the Senator from
California has sufficient confidence in the incoming
Administration, to know that no part of the money
will be expended which is not absolutely neces-
sary for carrying into effect treaty stipulations.
Do I understand the Senator from California as
objecting to this Government complying with its
treaty stipulations? Do I understand him as will-
ing that the Indians shall remain a nuisance and
| annoyance to the people of Florida for all time ?
If that be the settled policy of the Government,
the people of Florida wish to know it; and if the
Government will not enforce its own treaty stip-
ulations, the people of Florida will have to resort
to means within their own power for the purpose
of ridding themselves of the remnant of the Sem-
inoles living among them. Whenever the people
of Florida complain of these Indians being there,
we are subjected to jibes, jeers, and ridicule.
Whether they be three or three thousand in num-
ber it matters not. They are an annoyance to our
people. They slaughter our women and children,
and have depopulated that portion of the State
bordering on the Indian country, the sovereignty
and jurisdiction over which rightfully belong to
the State of Florida. I have in my hands a letter
from a distinguished citizen of Florida—a general
1 who was engaged in the suppression of Indian
hostilities in 1849, who tells me that he has daily
and hourly applications from the frontier of that
country, for protection from the Indians. It is for
this Government to say whether or not it will
comply with its treaty stipulations, and remove
the Indians. If it will not, the people of Florida
wish to know it; and they will take the matter into
their own hands and remove the Indians.
Mr. HOUSTON. I really do not think it is
necessary to threaten the Government of the Uni-
ted States. It has entered into no treaty with
Florida. If it has entered into a treaty with the
Indians of Florida, it is for the Government to
consummate and carry out that treaty Jput not for
Florida. The United States have giren Florida
: her existence. They bought Florida from a for-
eign Government, and they were certainly under
no obligation to Florida or to the citizens of Flor-
ida beyond what they have already realized. I
am anxious to see these Indians removed and the |
treaty carried out, but at $ 100 per capita, $60,000
would cover the whole expense of their removal.
I am as anxious as the gentleman from Florida to
see these Indians removed, though I admit that
there is no necessity for it. Florida has a vast
area of country comparatively uninhabited, and !
it is not necessary that the Indian country should
be given up to white settlement. I do not think
it is exactly courteous to threaten the Government
about not fulfilling treaty stipulations. The Gov-
ernment of the United States is capable of per- ,
forming all its obligations and of requiring others
to perform theirs. I do not think any State has a
right to anticipate it; certainly not a State which
has been created by the Federal Government, the !
right to create which was acquired by the Fed-
eral Government. Such a State has certainly no !
right to threaten to take into its own hands the :
power that pertains to the Federal Government.
I am in favor of doing everything that is reason- [
able, but I can see no good to arise from a menace .
in regard to the action of Florida.
I Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, there are ques-
j tions drawn into this discussion which do not legiti-
mately belong to it. A fund some time since was
placed at the disposal of the War Department, to
aid in removing the Florida Indians to the home
provided for them in the West. That fund has
constantly been applied to the jftirpose, and has
been decreasing regularly; and at this moment the
Government is probably employed in the expend-
iture of money to induce the Indians, or to bribe
them, if possible, to emigrate, on paying their ex-
penses. This fund, with the control of the In-
dians, was transferred from the War Department
to the Department of the Interior. It was vested
in the latter Department, and came under the con-
trol of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and
he employed a portion of it from time to time in
removing these Indians, and the balance of it re-
maining in his hands beyond the time stipulated
by law reverted to the surplus fund. He now
asks us to reappropriate the money, for the pur-
pose of removing the Florida Indians, that he may
employ it from time to time for the best interests
of the country—not for military purposes, not for
calling out volunteers, but for the gradual and
peaceable removal of the Indians. This is the esti-
mate of the Indian Bureau. Why it was not
brought forward by the Committee on Finance,
as an amendment, I am not informed. It was
brought to my attention only a few days since by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, who came
to inform me of it. 1 presented the matter to the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, who,
from what he said, left on me the impression that
the case was not presented by that committee
i because it had escaped his attention, and he asked
|| me to present it. I believed it to be the duty of
the Committee on Finance to bring it forward,
but one of the gentlemen forming that committee
also suggested to me to present it, and said that if
it was right he would himself bring it forward. I
pretend to give no information about the rightful-
ness or justice of this in itself. It is an estimate
from the Indian Bureau. I cannot say how they
will use it. I can only say what they have done
heretofore. I have no doubt, however, that it will
be properly applied.
Mr. WELLER. I certainly did not intend to be
drawn into this discussion at all, nor could I have
been induced to engage in it if it had not been for
the fact that I knew the number of Indians in Flor-
ida was estimated at from three hundred to five
hundred, and it struck me as very remarkable that
it should be necessary to appropriate $400 per
■ head for the transportation of these Indians from
Florida to the west of the Mississippi river, and
it was in connection with the charges which are
time and again made against that portion of the
Confederacy from whence I come of extravagance,
that I was led to institute a comparison between
the expenditures for transporting the Indians in
Florida and the amount which had been appro-
priated to California. Now, sir, I undertake to
say that although the Government has been re-
quired to appropriate liberally, and in some instan-
ces perhaps extravagantly, to the State of Cali-
fornia, there cannot be found a more extravagant
demand made against the National Treasury than
that which is presented by this amendment. There
are about five hundred Indians in Florida, and you
propose that the Federal Government shall give
$400 per head for their removal west of the Mis-
sissippi river. Is that a just and fair demand ?
The Indians were entitled to an appropriation from
the National Treasury for their removal. They
have relinquished that right. They do not want
to remove from Florida; but if it be your policy
to remove the Indians from the limits of Florida,
and thereby prevent collision with the State of
Floridq, make an appropriation that will be amply
sufficient to effect the object. In my judgment,
$400 a head is a little above anything that Cali-
fornia has ever yet asked for.
Mr. DAWSON. I am in favor of this appro-
priation, and I go for it on principles which I
think most decidedly correct. It is admitted to
be utterly out of the question that the Indians
can remain in Florida in peace with the inhabit-
ants of that State. They are obliged by treaty
to remove, whether for the benefit of the United
States or of Florida is im material. The sum pro-
posed to be appiopiiated is said to be too large.
Not at all, for not one dollar of it will be spent
under the Administration which is coming in, or
