1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
any other Administration, which will not be neces-
sary to carry into execution the object intended.
This is decidedly the cheapest and most humane
mode of proceeding. Let President Pierce, when
he comes into power, have the right to appoint
some influential upd intelligent citizen to go among
these Indians and induce them to remove. Let
him have the means to buy them to go. It would
do much better than taking up arms against them
and sweeping them down by the force of power.
That is the object which my friend from Florida
has in view: and, in my judgment, no man upon
this floor need apprehend any profligate expendi-
ture of the public money, either under the incom-
ing or outgoing President of the United States.
But when you call upon the President to discharge
a duty—a duty to the treaties of the United States,
and a duty to humanity—you should give him the
means to do it. I would rather pay §50,000 to
Billy Bowlegs than kill fifty or even one of these
Indians.
Mr. WELLER. If my friend from Georgia
will allow me, I should like to know why it is
these estimates were not sent either to the Com-
mittee on Finance or the Committee on Indian
Affairs? Here were two standing committees of
the Senate, either of which might have taken ju-
risdiction of this case, and ought to have taken
jurisdiction of it. If the removal of the Indians
was necessary, it seems to me that the Committee
on Indian Affairs ought to have had notice of that
estimate; and if they had had, I have no doubt
they would have made provision for it.
Mr. DAWSON. I will answer my friend from
California. It is a subject upon which we ought
not to dispute or misunderstand each other. This
money has been hitherto appropriated, but could not
be used because the state of the Indian mind was
such that money would have no influence on them;
and under the law, after a certain length of time
all unexpended balances go into the surplus fund; I
and this has gone there in that way. I am asked !
why did not the President make estimates or call (
for the appropriation ? I will tell you: The pres-
ent Presidentof the United States has had an agent
there for nearly twelve months, using this money
to persuade these people to go, and that agent
brought to this city Billy Bowlegs and a number
of the Indians, and when they were here they
entered into an arrangement by which they prom-
ised to go. They returned home, by the way of the 1
city of New York, and when they got in Florida,
under some influence, whether their own impres-
sions or otherwise, or the interference of others, I
cannot tell, they signified an unwillingness to go.
Whether they thought the going out of the present |
and the coming in of a new Administration would j
inure to their benefit I cannot tell. The impres- j
sion may have been on their minds that the party 1
in power wanted them to go while the party com-
ing in might allow them to stay. We cannot tell
what influences a savage mind. All that I desire )
to do is, instead of sendingarmed men there, which
will cost a great deal of money and of blood, to
send an honest, good man there, and let him operate
on the Indians; and I want him to have money
put at his disposal to do it. I now think, as I said
the other day, that the incoming Administration
ought to have money sufficientat hand to buy these
people, or bribe them, if you please. I call it but
influencing them to take good advice. Let the
money be there in gold and silver, and they will
see it, and they will surrender their present homes
and go to the West. It will be a gratification to
humanity, and a gratification to the Administra-
tion to know that they have been removed without
bloodshed; and the only way in which to do it is
by appropriating money for the purpose. Money |
is very little towards the accomplishment of such
an object. Let it be appropriated properly; it will '
not be thrown away by being appropriated. It
will only be used to consummate the purpose; and
if it cannot be used it will remain in the Treasury,
and after a certain time go back to the surplus
fund. j
I sincerely hope that the amendment may be '
adopted. Why should gentlemen have the idea
of referring: to Florida the manner of dealing with 1
this handful of Indians, as they are usually called?
Florida is being aggravated; she is being chafed ;
the character of ber people is being insinuated' I
against; their bravery is talked about, and there
are intimations of cowardice on their part. Sir,
if the public feeling of Florida bursts forth, and 1
I if vengeance be taken into their own hands merely
j for the purpose of protecting themselves against
the tomahawk and the scilping-knife, we would
find that we would regret it ourselves hereafter,
and Florida would be shocked at what might occur
under the excitement thus created. All this I de-
sire to avoid; all this it is our duty to avoid; and
the sum of $200,000, to be expended under the
ij superintendence of the President, should not be
h any barrier to carrying out this humane object.
' I Mr. PEARCE. The sum of money which the
amendment of the Senator from Florida proposes
to appropriate, was appropriated, if I remember
aright, for the removal of these Indians by the act
of 1850. I was then a member of the Committee
on Finance, and I have a distinct recollection of
the discussion of the subject in the committee and
the appropriation by the Senate. This reapproprt-
ation becomes necessary, in consequence of the
act of the last session by which all outstanding
appropriations of more than two years were to be
carried to the surplus fund. This proposition is,
that the money which was appropriated in 1850,
shall now be reappropriated. I will state to the
Senate that the amendment wp.s not considered
by the Committee on Finance, for the simple
reason that we only received the Indian appropri-
ation bill yesterday, or the day before, and the
committee has been so much engaged in the con-
sideration of the other appropriation bills, and they
all come to us so late that we had no time to ex-
amine many amendments which it was desirable
should be made. We therefore agreed to report
this bill with only two or three formal amend-
ments, and one other which has been rejected by
the Senate, to strike out the Shawnee appropri-
ation. I am inclined to think that it is well that
the Senate should reappropriate this money. If
we can succeed in removing the Indians by means
of this appropriation, we shall effect a very desi-
rable object, and it will be a great deal cheaper
even to get rid of the Indians at $400 a head, than
to carry on a war with them for years to come.
I think that some years ago we spent $20,000,000,
and succeded in emigrating only a portion of the
tribe. I
Mr. WELLER. A great deal more than that.
Mr. PEARCE. Well, if we can secure the
object by an appropriation of this amount, very
well. If when an agent shall be sent down there
he cannot do anything, no harm can be done, and I
the money will remain in the Treasury. j
Mr. WELLER. My impression is that the {
Florida war cost about $40,000,000. I
The amendment was agreed to. I
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to amend the ap- ,
propriation for the payment of the Ohio Shawnees, i
which has been retained by a vote of the Senate, I
by adding to it the following:
Provided, That the sum aforesaid shall be pai<f to the
said tribe per capita; and if any agent or other person or
persons shall violate this proviso, he or they shall be guilty
ot lelony, and shall be liable to indictment in the State in
which the Indians reside ; and be punishable by fines and
imprisonment—the fine not to be over $ 1,000, nor less than
$50(1; and to be imprisoned not more than ten, nor less
than five years-
Proviso* of this sort have frequently been
made in the laws. One was made last year, which
has been read by the Senator from Wisconsin, and
we supposed that they would certainly have had
a tendency to restrain the officers from violation
of them; but they have not had that effect. 1 have
been assured, upon good authority, that not a
single instance has occurred under direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, since the enactment of
the law of the last session, in which a compliance
has been had with it. Therefore, it becomes ne- i
cessary to attach some penalty to the violation of
law. Heretofore it has been supposed that con-
science would have some effect, but it is now
ascertained that conscience is a dead letter with
that officer, and it is necessary to give a living letter
to guide him and to make the offense felony. It
is necessary to do so to vindicate the national
honor, and to punish delinquents. Ifthisamend-
ment be adopted, I shall vote to retain theproviso;
otherwise, I shall be in favor of striking it out
fori am well satisfied that unless something of this
sort be adopted every cent of the money appro-
priated will be obtained by greedy attorneys, and
not a cent will go to the Indians. j
This is so in regard to the Indian annuities.
The drunken and worthless Indians involve the
annuity of the nation to these people, while the I
more discreet and temperate and properly-be-
haved men avoid these machinations and designs
upon their annuities, and they are rendered re-
sponsible to satisfy these men who are continually
striving to rob them of the pittance which our
Government gives them. It is the duty of the
Government to vindicate its honor, and to punish
delinquents who deserve to be whipped through
creation yith scorpion lashes; and unless you ap-
ply the lash, you will see every law that you pass
here evaded by men who are actuated by avarice
and cupidity, and who will stop at no crime to ac-
complishtheirinfernal ends. Sir,myremarksapply
to no man who is exempt from the imputation. No
honest man can object to them. I am not abusing
my privilege here, for such men as will enter into
contrivances of this kind to swindle and defraud
the Indians are entitled to no consideration here;
and what will be hereafter I know not. I feel that
some provision like that which I have proposed
should be made in order to protect the Indians, to
carry out the views of the Government, and vin-
dicate its honor.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to the
amendment. I would merely suggest to the Sen-
ator from Texas, that as the amendment reads it
provides that parties guilty of this felony shall be
indicted in the State in which the Indians reside.
Now, I understand that the Indians reside <ftit-
side of any State, and therefore it would be brutum
fulmen.
Mr. WALKER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Texas, in order to carry out the object
of the amendment, in which 1 cordially concur
with bim, that he should strike out " State," and
insert "jurisdiction," so as to provide that the
person should be indicted in the jurisdiction in
which the Indians reside.
Mr. HOUSTON. I accept that modification.
The amendment as modified was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. Iam directed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer the following
amendment:
Jlnd he it further enacted, That there be, and hereby is,
appropriated, out of any unappropriated money in the
Treasury, for the benffit of the Menornonee tribe of In-
dians, the sum of $613,515 ; the said sum being the consid-
eration in full, at the rate of eighteen and nine tenth cents
per acre, for five million two hundred and thirty thousand
two hundred and forty acres of land in Wisconsin, ceded
by said Indians under treaty of October lti, 1848, after de-
ducting the sum of $310,000 allowed by said treaty, and
$-23,000 since appropriated tosaid Indians. The said suin,
however, to remain in the custody of the Secretary of the
Treasury for the time being, subject to the disposition fol-
lowing—that is to say:
First, so much thereof as may be necessary to the pay-
ment of such debts and demands of and upon such Indians
as they shall, in the presence of the proper local agent or
superintendent, expressly admit and sanction as just and
due, in a council to be called for that purpose, after the pas-
sage of this act, and the notification thereof to them, and
of the amount hereby appropriated for their benefit; a true
and correct list of which delits and demands, Willi a state-
ment of the general character of each, properly certified
by such agent or superintendent, shall be forwarded to the
President of the United States, who shall order the same
to be paid out of this appropriation, if he shall be satisfied
that the same were freely and voluntarily admitted and
sanctioned as aforesaid ; and second, the balance to be in-
vested for, or paid to said Indians, in such ma"ner and
sums, and at sueh times, as may be agreed upon and stipu-
lated for, by and between the Presidentof the United Statea
and the chiefs of the said tribe.
Mr. PEARCE. This was considered a bad
claim last year, when it was about half its pres-
ent size. Whether the Senate will consider it a
good one now, when it is double in magnitude, I
do not know. It will be recollected that this claim
was discussed pretty fully at the last session of
Congress. It was put on the Indian appropriation
bill by the House. It came to the Senate. A
motion to strike it out was made by the Commit-
tee on Finance, and the Senate, on pretty full con-
sideration, did strike it out; and I think it was
done verjr much to the satisfaction of the House,
for they immediately concurred in it. I do not
think there is time for me to go into the consider-
ation of all the facts on which this claim is based.
I believe the Senator from Wisconsin has drawn
a very long report, which has come in not very
long since, and which I have not had an oppor-
tunity to examine thoroughly. I was quite well
satisfied last year that it was not incumbent on
us to make the appropriation then asked for these
Indians; and it is now proposed to give them
twice as much—upon what ground I have not yet
learned. I shall be obliged to vote asrainst the
motion until I shall have had, at all events, an op-
portunity of examining the subject more fully. I
