1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1081
Mr. DAWSON. It seems to me that that is j
clearly a private claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.") The Chair is obliged to rule the amend-
ment out of order as a private claim.
Mr. WELLF.R. I offer the following amend-
ment:
[if,-. — .Imt be it further en acted. That the thirteenth
section of the set approved March 3, 1851, entitled "An
set to ascertain Riul settle the private land claims in the
[Male of California," he so modified that the claimants to
lands in said State shall be allowed until the first day of
March. ISM. to present and file their claims before said
commissioner#.
The act organizing a board of land commis-
sioners in California prescribed that claimants
should file their claims in two years. That time
has expired, and there are some claims which,
from a variety of causes, have not yet been pre-
sented. This amendment is simply to extend the
time one year longer, in order to give all an oppor-
tunity of filing their claims.
Mr. DAWSON. I think it but perfectly right,
and I have always been so exceedingly liberal to-
wards California that I think it very proper to
adopt this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT signed the following enrolled
bills:
An act authorizing the adjustment and payment
of the accounts of William Hazard Wigg;
An act making appropriations for the support t
of the Army for the year ending June 30,1854; i
An act making appropriations for the comple-
tion of public buildings in the Territory of Min-
nesota;
A joint resolution providing for printing and
binding the returns of the Seventh Census; and
An act to incorporate the Georgetown and Ca-
toctin Railroad Company.
Mr. RUSK. I have some amendments to offer,
by the direction of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs. The first one is to increase the appropria-
tion for compensation to three special agents and
four interpreters for the Indian tribes in Texas
from $15,000 to §30,000.
Mr. PEARCE. Is there any recommendation
or any estimate for that?
Mr. RUSK. Yes, sir; I hold in my hand a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior,
dated February 24th, asking for this appropria-
tion, which communication is accompanied by va-
rious documents on the subject.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. The Committee on Indian Affairs
have further directed me to offer the following
amendment:
Bsc. — Jtnd be it further enacted, That for the payment
to the citizens of Alabama and Georgia for depredations
committed by the Creek Indians upon tbeir property, and
for other property taken by the troops of the United State*
and friendly Creeks in the years 1836 and 1837, the sum of ,
4334.753 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, to be
distributed and paid over to the said citizens, or their legal
representatives, according to the accounts allowed each of
the said c .'aimants respectively, by Messrs. L. T. I'ease and
J. M. Smith, commissioners of the United States, under the
act approved March 3, 1837, as contained in the report and
schedule made to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, dated
Apnl 23,1837.
Mr. PEARCE. That is a very large item, and
I should like to hear some explanation of it.
Mr. CHASE. If I recollect aright, this claim
has been once decided by the Senate to be a pri-
vate claim. It is for the payment of a large ag-
gregate to individuals. It was ruled out of order
last year, and I raise the point of order now.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. What is the objection
of the gentleman from Ohio ?
Mr. CHASE. My point of order is, that this
amendment provides for a private claim, or rather
for a series of private claims, apd is therefore not
in order. '
Mr. RUSK. I do not remember the decision
of the Senate last year. I know that it was
offered at the last session by the Committee on
Indian Affairs, but I do not know what decision
was then had upon it. It is a mistake that this is
a private claim, and excluded by the rule; for the
amendment is in accordance with the law appoint-
ing commissioners to ascertain the damages per-
petrated by the Indians upon the citizens of Ala-
bama and Georgia, and this is in pursuance of the
report of the commissioners appointed under the
ptovisions of that law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would remark that his own recollection differs
from that of the Senator from Ohio, and his im-
pression is that the amendment was then enter-
tained as in order by the late President of the
body, [Mr. King.]
Mr. RUSK. That is my impression.
Mr. CHASE. This amendment was once en-
tertained, and discussed before the Senate, and
upon that discussion the Senate rejected it. It
was then presented again, if my recollection serves
me, by the Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Clem-
ens,] and I objected to it as being out of order.
The question was put to the Senate by the Chair
on that occasion, and it was rejected as being out
of order.
Mr. PEARCE. The law quoted by the Sen-
ator from Texas, is not such a one as justifies this
appropriation at this time. The law in pursuance
of which an appropriation should be asked for, in
order to bring it within the rule, is one author-
izing, not the ascertainment but the settlement of
the claims and their payment. The law referred
to by the Senator from Texas, as I understand it,
is nothing more nor less than a law authorizing an
inquiry into the number and amount of the claims.
It must be something more than that in order to
furnish the ground which the gentleman assumes
as justifying the introduction of this amendment.
Mr. DAWSON. There seems to be a mistake
on the part of the gentleman from Ohio, with re-
gard to this matter. This claim has never been
rejected upon its merits. It will be recollected that
when it was up last year, along discussion took
place between my friend from Tennessee [Mr.
Bell] and my friend from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
in relation to the policy of General Jackson in
reference to the Indian tribes. Now, I will state
how this claim gets here. Commissioners were
appointed by the Government of the United States,
under a law passed by Congress to ascertain the
amount of these losses. A list of the claims was
returned to the seat of Government here, with a
report. Then it was that the Secretary of War
asked, as he has asked from time to time ever
since, for an appropriation of money to pay the
claims. The subject has been often referred to
the Committee on India Affairs, and the com-
mittee has from time to time reported in favor of
them, and recommended an appropriation to be
made. They presented it last year as an amend-
ment to one of the appropriation bills, and it was
then lost on account of the long discussion to
which 1 have referred, in relation to the Indian
policy of General Jackson. It has never been
rejected or ruled out of order on account of its
being a private claim. The appropriation was re-
peatedly recommended by General Jackson, and
by every Administration from that period down
to this. There never has been any difficulty about
it at all on that account, and there would not have
been any difficulty at the last session but for the
unfortunate reference—no, I recall that word un-
fortunate—of my friend from Tennessee, in the
discussion of the subject, to thecourse pursuedby
the Jackson Administration, which had been so
destructive to the interests of the country. That, I
of course, brought up my friend from Michigan, !
who I am sorry to see not in his seat at the j
present time, that he might vindicate that Admin- \
istration. The question went off in that way until ;
we got into the last hours of the session.
This appropriation is not asked for by the com- j
mittee on any testimony furnished on the part of |
the claimants, but upon the testimony furnished 1
by the Government of the United States. If these
had been presented as separate claims, Congress
woul^have paid them long since, it seems to me,
widHt any dissent. I do not see on what ground
this'Ifriendment can be considered as out of order.
I do not wish to continue the discussion. I merely
wish to say that I have stated the truth: the claim
has never been ruled out of order as a private
claim,
Mr. BAYARD. 1 know nothing of the merits
of this claim from the former discussion in rela-
tion to it; but I cannot see, by possibility, how
it can be distinguished from any other private
claim, unless the number of claimants makes a
claim less a private one than otherwise. The
provision is for the payment to certain persons,
or their representatives, of certain sums of money
i for claims upon the Government, long since due
and ascertained, as is alleged by certain commis-
1 sioners. What is that but a private claim upon
the Government ? What other name can you give
to it? If the amendment is to provide for a series
of private claims, it is clearly excluded by the rule,
just as much as if it were to provide for a single
claim; because, if that be not so, by putting a large
number of claims in a single bill, it would no longer
be a private bill. Can that be truly said ? This
is a claim for injuries alleged to have been sus-
tained in 1837—and the allegation may be true for
aught I know—for which this Government is re-
sponsible. The fact that the amount has been
ascertained by a board of commissioners does not
lessen its character as a private claim; because,
suppose the statement of this amount had been that
a series of judgments had been recovered on suits
against a number of individuals, embracing a class
founded upon some general principle, and that
judgments had been rendered in favor of the de-
fendants, and that those claims were presented,
relying upon that as evidence of the claim, what
would then be said ? The only difference is, that
here the evidence is somewhat different. It ap-
pears, if I may judge from the statement in the
amendment, that there was a commission insti-
tuted by the United States to examine those claims
and adjust them. Certain specific amounts were
awarded by those commissioners to certain per-
sons. The object of the amendment is to make
an appropriation to pay those claimants. If that
does not constitute a private claim within the
meaning of the rule of the Senate, I am at a loss
to know what may not be taken from under the
operation of the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
be governed by the precedent arising out of this
question heretofore in the Senate.
Mr. CHASE. I should not have made a state-
ment that this was a private claim, and submitted
to the Senate on that point, if my recollection was
not distinct and clear. It is impossible for me at
this moment to refer to the Globe, which con-
tains the decision of the Senate upon this point;
but I recollect perfectly well that the point was
raised. I have before me the debate upon the
merits of the amendment, when it was before the
Senate on aprevious occasion. 1 cannot now state
in what shape exactly it was presented to the Sen-
ate, but I have before me the debate and the vote
against the claim, and it was then rejected. At a
subsequent period of the last session, the matter
was again brought forward. The Senator from
Tennessee probably can correct me if 1 am wrong.
The first debate to which I allude took place upon
the deficiency bill. At a subsequent period of the
session, the honorable Senator from Alabama
offered it as an amendment to the Indian appro-
priation bill. I objected to it as out of order. The
Chair submitted that question to the Senate, and
the Senate decided the amendment to be out of
order. I am quite confident that I cannot be mis-
taken in my recollection, so far as that is con-
cerned.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I have looked somewhat
over the.debates of the last session in reference to
this question, and I am perfectly sure that if the
gentleman from Ohio will take pains to look
through the entire debate, he will discover that
the question of order was not made. This is a
subject in which the people whom I have the
honor in part to represent feel a very deep inter-
est. I am perfectly aware of the impropriety of
! taxing the patience and consuming the time of the
Senate on the subject. If it were necessary I feel
perfectly assured that I could show, to the satis-
faction of the Senate, that a more just claim has
never been presented to the consideration of this
body than this is. But I will not go into the dis-
cussion. 1 will say, however, to the gentleman
from Ohio and to the Senate, that the question of
order was not made, and I shall be borne out in
that by the distinguished Senator from Tennessee,
1 and by the honorable Senator from Georgia.
I Mr. DAWSON. I wish that there shall be no
i misunderstanding about this matter at all. The
Senator from Alabama, who is now unfortunately
| absent on account of indisposition, presented an
amendment at the last session, calling for an ap-
propriation upon his own individual responsibility,
ft was objected to upon the ground that it was not
a recommendation of the committee. At a subse-
quent period it was offered by the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and then sustained by the Chair as
being in order. That is the fact. It is now again
presented by the Committee on Indian Affairs.
