1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1083
Mr. BRIGHT. Then the Chair has decided
that the present amendment is not to provide for
a pmate claim 
Mr. BADGER. I call the Senator to order.
The question has been decided, and no appeal
has l>een taken.
Mr. BRIGHT. But it is not too late to take
gn appeal. 1 desire to understand the true nature
of the question. I have been necessarily absent
on ihe business of the Senate on a Committee of
Conference, anil 1 desire to understand the matter.
The Committee on Indian Affairs propose an
tniendment to the Indian appropriation bill, ap-
propriating £334 000 for the payment of certain
claims, and the Chair decides that amendment to
be in order.
Ihe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
made the decision upon his own impression of the
proceedings arisins out of this very case at the
l?st session. According to the recollection of the
Chair, the proposition was entertained, and a very
protracted discussion followed upon it at some
period of the last session.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President 
Mr. BADGER. It is too late to discuss the
question of order, for no appeal has been taken.
Mr. BRIGHT. I understood the Senator from
Delaware to appeal. Am I right in that?
Mr. BAYARD. I did take an appeal; but
while I am up I wish to make a single remark. If
this be not a private claim in consequence of the
number of claimants, then I ask what would pre-
vent me, who am in favor of the French spoliation
b: from moving that as an amendment to this or
i>ny other appropriation bill ? Yet, in my opinion,
that is a private claim, because the number of
claimants cannot alter the character of the claim.
I cannot distinguish. The object of the rule was
to keep these things apart from laws of a general
nature, necessary to the ordinary business trans-
ections of the Government, and for the purpose
ot" carrying it on. These are clearly claims against
the Government. 1 wish to be understood: 1 know
nothing of the merits of this claim. I do not ob-
ject to it on that ground, but simply on the ground
that it is not in order as an amendment to this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state the question. The Chair has decided that
this amendment is in order. From that decision
an appeal is taken.
Mr. BADGER. Does the Chair entertain the
appeal?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does.
Mr. BADGER. I cannot see on what ground.
Whenever adecision is announced from the Chair,
if no appeal be taken, the decision is then acqui-
esced in; and I submit that it is not competent for
any gentleman, after debate is entertained, to in-
terpose an appeal, and particularly when the yeas
and nays have been ordered upon the amendment
itself.
Mr. BAYARD. I am not aware that there is
any particular time necessary within which an
appeal must be taken, except that it must be taken
before any action.
Mr. BADGER. An appeal must be taken im-
mediately. If not, the decision is acquiesced in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will entertain the appeal.
Mr. DAWSON. I know that my friend from
Delaware is a rule-abidingand a law-abiding man.
The decision of the Chair was announced to the
body, and the yeas and nays were then called for
and ordered upon the amendment. Now, how
can you, at this late stage, appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair? The appeal of the Senator was
after the yeas and nays had been ordered on the
merits of the original proposition. Can you go
behind the yeas and nays?
Mr. BRIGHT. I apprehend that theobjection
to the appeal is too late, for the Chair has already
decided that he entertains the appeal.
Mr. BADGER. Then I appeal from that de-
cision.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no disposition to enter
£' iar^e into the discussion of this subject, but we
have rule«, and while they are in force, they ought
to 'je adhered to. The 30th rule either means
f- 'ii.'-'Vng or it means nothing. If it means any-
tl. ;y, it covers just the character of claim pre-
fntul in this amendment, and excludes it. This
is in>iitieg more nor less than a private claim. ^ It
is to pay unadjusted, scattered claims belonging
to persons of whom we know but little; and even
if the subject were discussed here, and thoroughly
understood, and Senators were prepared to vote
upon it, it could not be attached to this bill. The
authority for that statement is to be found in the (
rule which I hold in my hand, and which is in 1
these words:
"No amendment proposing additional appropriations
shall be received to any general appropriation bill, unless
it be made to carry out the provisions ot some existing law,
or some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate
during that session, or moved by direction of a standing
committee of the Senate, or in pursuance of an estimate
from ihe head of some of the Departments; and no amend-
ment shall be received whose object is to provide for a pri-
vate claim, although the same may have been previously
sanctioned by the Senate."
Now, if this be not a private claim, I should
like to know what it is? Let gentlemen who vin-
dicate it state what character of claim it is.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. CHARLTON. Which decision? The
last one allowing the appeal, or the one on the
amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
decided the amendment to be in order, and from
that decision an appeal has been taken, and the
question is upon the appeal.
Mr. MANGUM. If the Chair has, without
due reflection, entertained an appeal, and if it can
be shown that it has been unadvisedly entertained,
I hope the Chair will refuse further to consider it.
The decision was announced, debate ensued upon
it; after that there was action of the Senate in
ordering the yeas and nays; and when gentlemen j
saw from the indications of the sentiment of the !
body that the claim was likely to pass the Senate,
the question of order was raised by an appeal.
Was it not too late for that ? Has there not been
an acquiescence—not only an acquiescence by de-
bate continuing for some time, but afterwards by
intervening action of the Senate, by ordering the
yeas and nays? I think this is clear; and if the
Chair has unadvisedly entertained the appeal,
which I apprehend he has done from a sense of
modesty and respect to tbe body, I hope he will
reverse that decision, and refuse to entertain it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. According to
the recollection of the Chair, the debate was some-
thing interlocutory and irregular, and mostly con-
fined to the very point of order which is involved,
or rather to the question whether or not the
amendment was in order. The Chair is not in-
clined to construe that into an acquiescence in the
decision, so as to induce him to refuse to entertain
an appeal, and especially an appeal from his own
decision. He entertains the appeal, and submits
the question to the Senate, whether his decision
shall stand as their judgment.
! Mr. BAYARD. On that question I ask for the
! yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. The advocates of this claim do now
press it, and they have at various times pressed it
on two different grounds. In the first place, we
have a law known as the Indian intercourse law;
and although this case does not come within the
letter of that law, because the law is partial in its
operations, extending only to the territory west of
the Mississippi, still under the principles of it,
applying them to this case, the claimants would
come in, and be entitled; but on the other hand,
1 it is stated in opposition to this claim, that there
j was a state of war between the United States and
these Creek Indians.
SMteADGER. I wish to remind my friend
i frol^Hxas that the question is on the appeal.
M^RUSK. I know that; and if I am not
! quite as logical as the honorable Senator from
North Carolina, or quite so quick at getting at the
point, I hope he will excuse me.
Mr. BADGER,
the Chair. .
Mr. RUSK. I wish to do that, and I wish to
show a substantial reason for it. It is asserted in
opposition to the claim, that these Indians and the
United States were in a state of war. Then you
! have upon your statute-book a law by which, if
,i in a state of war, property is destroyed in conse-
1 quence of its occupation by the troops of the Unt-
'' ted States, the Government is bound to pay for it;
and so you deci le every day. Then, under this
provision, it would come under the principles of
Let us sustain the decision of
the general law. But, in addition to that, these
claims were made some years ago. A commis-
sion was then authorized by law to ascertain their
amount; so that it does not come within the mean-
ing of a private claim as laid down by the rule;
because there has been an investigation and report;
and the object is simply to carry out the report,
under the spirit and principles of the Indian inter-
course law.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Seriate?" being taken
by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 19, nays 22; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Bad er, Bell,Borland,Charl-
ton, Cooper, Dawson, l)e Saussure, Fitzpairiek, Font,
Houston, Mallory, Mnngmn, Morton, Phelps, Rusk, Sebas-
tian, Spru.ince, and Weliei—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bright, Brodhead,Ca«s,
Chase, Clarke, Davis. Ilowns, Fetch, Hunter, Miller. Nor-
ns, Fearce, Pettii, Pratt, Smiih, Sunnier, Toucey, Under-
wood, Wade, and Walker—22.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled.and
the amendment was decided not to be in order.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole were concurred in.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, by unanimous consent,
made the following report:
The managers appointed by the Senate and House of
Represeniatives on ihe disagreeing vntns of the two House?
on ill*- hill to establish certain post road-5, have met, and
alter full and free conference, have agrend as follows:
That ihe Hou*e aaree to the fourth amendment of the
Seriate, witn the following amendmein :
'•Strike out all of the said amendment after the word
' Ohio* in the filth line, and insert, 1 the same commission
' on all mailable matter distributed at their respeclive offices,
'as is allowed by law to ihe postmasters of other distributing
1 offices; said allowance to date from the 1st day of June,
'1851 ">
That the House agree to the fifth amendment of the Sen-
ate, with the following amendment:
" Strike out all after the word' Senate'inthe fifth line."
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. RUSK. I ask the unanimous consent,
pending the Indian appropriation bill, to make a
report from the Committee of Conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill of
the House making appropriations for the support
of the Post Office Department for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1854.
No objection being made, the report was re-
ceived, and is as follows:
The managers of the conference upon the part of the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
House hill No. 350, report, that afW full and free confer-
ence with tlie managers on the part of the House of Rep-
re-entatives, they are unable to agree upon the matters of
disagreement between the two Houses.
Mr. RUSK. I wish to state the matters of dis-
agreement. The Senate put in an amendment in-
creasing the salary of the clerk having charge of
the foreign mail service from $1,600 to 82,000 per
annum. The House disagreed to that amend-
ment. But by another provision, which I under-
stand has passed, his salary is increased to $1,800.
The Senate also placed an appropriation upon
that bill, authorizing the Postmaster General to
procure an ice-boat on the Potomac, provided the
expense should not exceed $20,000. To that the
House also disagreed There was also an amend-
ment authorizing the Postmaster General to ad-
vertise for proposals for a line of steamers from
San Francisco, in California, to Shanghai, in
China, and to submit the proposals to Congress at
the next session. The House disasreed to that.
The committees of conference on the part of the
two Houses could not agree; and the question
now is, whether the Senate will insist upon or re-
cede from its amendment?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope the Senate will re-
cede. Although I was in favor of the first amend-
ment named by the honorable Senator, I was op-
posed to the others, and I am glad that the House
has insisted upon its opposition to them. I move
that the Senate recede from these three amend-
ments.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it h far better to re-
cede, and thus finish up the bill.
Mr. RUSK. That is a matter which I leave to
the Senate to determine.
Mr. BADGER. The honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania was against two of these amend-
ments, as he says, and he gives that as a reason
why we should recede from them. I was one of
the members of the Senate who was in favor ofall
