1084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
three, and I was in a majority. I am in favor of
them now; therefore that reason does not operate
very powerfully on me, to induce me to vote for
receding;. I hope the Senate will refuse to recede,
and will insist upon the amendments.
Mr. RUSK. The question is, whether we shall
recede from these three amendments. If we do not
recede, I presume it will be proper for us to insist,
and ask for another conference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion that the Senate recede from the
amendments which have been mentioned by the
honorable Senator from Texas.
Mr. SOULE. I ask a division of that question.
There are some of the amendments from which
the Senate might perhaps not think it proper to
recede, and there are others from which it would
be proper, under the circumstances, to recede.
Mr. BRIGHT. It seems to me that the ques-
tion cannot be divided. The report of the Com-
mittee of Conference is an entirety, and the ques-
tion is on concurring or non-concurring in that.
It cannot be divided.
Mr. BADGER. There is no report for action
by the Senate. The committee merely report that
they cannot agree.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair en-
tertains no doubt that the proposition is divisible.
The question may be taken on each amendment
from which it is proposed to recede. The first
amendment from which it is proposed that the
Senate shall recede, will be read.
It was read as follows:
" For raising the salary of one of the $1,600 clerks in the
Post Office Department to the grade of a chief clerk, to be
employed in conducting the correspondence, and perform-
ing other duties in relation to the foreign mails, and postal
arrangements with foreign countries, $400.''
The motion to recede from this amendment was
agreed to.
The next amendment was:
" nd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster Gen-
eral be, and he is hereby, authorized, in addition to the or-
dinary steamboat service on the Potomac, to contract for an
efficient ice-boat, or ice-boats, to be Kept up for the con-
veyance of the mail during the winter months : Provided,
That the additional expense to be incurred by the Depart-
ment for keeping up such ice-boat or ice-boats shall not ex-
ceed f|20,000 per annum."
The motion to recede from this amendment was j
agreed to. !
The next amendment was:
" And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
be, and he is hereby, required to invite proposals to carry the 1
United States mail from San Francisco to Shanghai, in
China, monthly or semi-monthly, in steamships, and submit
such proposals as he may receive to Congress at its next
session."
Mr. BADGER. I desire to say that the ground
on which I shall vote to recede from this amend-
ment is, that as the rule seems to be that we are
to give up everything to the House, I am willing
to give up out and out,and follow their lead; and
in doing so, I am carrying out what seems to be
the desire of the Senate.
The motion to recede was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate proceeded again to the consideration
of the Indian appropriation bill, which had been
interrupted by the report of the Committee of Con-
ference.
Mr. WALKER. In obedience to instructions
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, I offer the
following amendment:
For the purchase of Stanley's gallery of Indian Portraits
and Historical Scenes now in the Smithsonian Institution,
at a rate not exceeding ,$150 each, $19,200.
Mr. BRIGHT. I would inquire whether this
be a public or a private claim ?
Mr. BADGER. It is no claim at all.
Mr. BRIGHT. We have decided against the ,
rurchase of this gallery for several sessions past.
hope the gentleman who offers the amendment
will tell us what disposition is to be made of the
gallery—of what use it is to be.
Mr. BADGER. It is true that the Senate has
heretofore decided against this proposal to pur-
chase the Indian collection of Mr. Stanley. But
the reason why it is now submitted to the Senate
is for the purpose of trying whether the Senate
will not, as the Senator from California said this
morning in regard to the question of appropri-
ating a sum of money for a basin and railway in
California, avail themselves of sober second
thought, and now do what ought to have been
done before, but which, under some neglect and
inattention of the public interests, has not hereto-
fore been done. That is all.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, this subject
comes before the Committee on Indian Aflairs
through a memorial, presented by theartist to the
Senate, which was referred to that committee.
The committee, in performance of the duty incum-
bent upon it, examined the gallery of portraits
executed during some twelve or thirteen years,
by Mr. Stanley, and agreed to recommend the
purchase of a portion of his gallery, consisting of
portraits of actual personages, Indian chiefs, and
head men of distinguished character. The Senate
has already been informed of the character of
this gallery. Mr. Stanley is an artist of a good
deal of merit; and the gallery which it is proposed
to purchase, is one of very considerable merit.
Not only are the likenesses, so far as I have ac-
quaintance with the individuals represented cor-
rect, but the execution, so far as artistic merit is
concerned, is highly creditable to the individual.
I hope, therefore, that the small sum which is ap-
propriated by the amendment will be voted in by
the Senate. It will furnish the country some one
hundred and twenty-eight portraits of Indian
chiefs, most of whom are now dead; and it will
be impossible hereafter, perhaps, to collect the
numerous personages who constitute the gallery.
I hope, therefore, the amendment will be adopted.
The yeas and nays being taken on the question,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Chase, Cooper, Dodge of Iowa,
Downs, Foot, Geyer, Gwm, James, Norris, Sebastian,
Smith, Sumner, and Weller—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Borland, Bright, Cass,
Clarke, Davis, Dawson, De Saussure, Douglas, Felch,
Fitzpatrick, Hamlin, Houston, Jones of Iowa, Jones of
Tennessee, Mallory, Mason, Miller, Morton, Phelps, Pratt,
Rusk, Shields, Spruance, Toucey, and Underwood—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to submit the following
amendment:
To enable the Department to procure the medals of the
next President of the United States for presentation to the
chiefs and head men of the different tribes, $2,500.
I suppose I need met%ly remark that this is ac-
cording to estimate from the Indian Department;
and I understand it agrees with the amount which
we have formerly appropriated for the same ob-
ject.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The same committee has
directed me to submit the following amendment:
To pay to Andrew Taylor, head of a Cherokee family,
$14,720, with interest from the 23d of August, 1843, m ad-
justment of his reservation rights under the 13th article of
the Cherokee treaty of 1835.
Mr. PRATT. Is not that a private claim ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) The Chair would be glad to hear
why it is not a private claim.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will explain it in a very
few words. I believe it has been heretofore ruled
by the Chair that an amendment, although pro-
posing to make an additional appropriation, if it
was for the purpose of carrying out a treaty or
law, was not a private claim, even if the full ben-
efit of the amendment should inure to a private
individual. This amendment is of that kind. The
obligation to make the appropriation arises under
the treaty of 1835, the benefits of which the Uni-
ted States have long since received. They ex-
pressly provided to pay, not out of the five mil-
lion fund, but independently out of the Tr^sury
of the United States. The circumstances ^ftjng
a part of the history of that claim, to wh^PR is
not necessary to advert, have prevented the pay-
ment of the amount which the amendment pro-
poses to pay. Similar cases have frequently been
reported to be a deficiency in the ordinary ex-
penses of the Government, and not private claims.
It is to carry out a treaty, although it will inure
to the benefit of a private individual. I have
made this explanation merely to show that it is
not a private claim according to the ordinary in-
terpretation of the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would be glad to be informed whether the appro-
priation is intended to carry out the provisions of
any existing law?
Mr. HOUSTON. It is a treaty which is the
supreme law of the land.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is to carry out the trea-
ty of 1835 with the Cherokee Indians. It is ex-
pressly provided in that treaty, that the United
States should account, out of the Treasury, for
every one of those reservations which had accrued
to the heads of families of the Cherokee nation
under the provisions of the treaty of 1817 and
1819.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
satisfied that the amendment is in order.
Mr. WALKER. I will make no opposition to
it, except that I should like to know why the pro-
vision of the treaty has not been complied with
before?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. If I were to go into the
details of the history, it would form a longer story
than I could well occupy the attention of the Sen-
ate by narrating to-night. By the terms of the
treaty, the right of the claimants to the amount
due to them, could not have been ascertained be-
fore the year 1843, because that was the time at
which sat the commission which was constituted
the final arbiters under the treaty. There were
some imperfections, however, in their award, and
it has tied our hands in administering the treaty,
and prevented the payment of the amount. Fi-
nally, however, the objections have been one by
one removed, until it has been acknowledged by
the Department to be virtually a decision of the
commission of 1843; but in the mean time the old
appropriation which was made for the satisfaction
of these cases has been exhausted, and it now re-
quires a new appropriation. If the gentleman de-
sires any further insight into it, I beg leave to
have the report read. It is long, however, and I
presume the Senate will not call for its reading.
Mr. SMITH. There is no doubt about the
claim.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to have some in-
formation why interest is put in here from 1843.
Unless there is some explanation given, I shall
move to amend the amendment by striking out
the allowance of interest.
Mr. COOPER. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. This involves precisely
the same principle which was involved in the case
of David Taylor, which is familiar in therecollec-
tion of Senators. The question of interest there
was not only decided in favor of the claimants,
but the payment of interest was carried back still
further. The committee in this case, however,
thought that interest ought not to go back further
than 1843, because, by the terms of the treaty,
that was the first moment at which the Govern-
ment could ascertain the amount that was due to
the claimant. It was the first moment in which
the Government could be in any default for not
paying the claim.
The claimant had asked the committee to go
back to the original spoliations in 1821; but the
committee only agree to the interest from 1843,
the time when the United States ascertained the
amount that was due, and from which time we
hold that the interest ought to be paid. It is just
such a case as that of David Taylor, although the
interest is not carried so far back.
Mr. PRATT. I would be glad to have the
clause of the treaty read.
It was read as follows:
"Art. 13. In order to make a final settlement of all the
claims of the Cherokees for reservations granted under
former treaties to any individuals belonging to the nation by
the United States, it is therefore hereby stipulated and
agreed and expressly understood by the parties to this
treaty—that all the Cherokees and their heirs and descend-
ants to whom any reservations have been made under any
former treaties with the United States, and who have not
sold or conveyed the same by deed or otherwise, and who,
in the opinion of the commissioners, have complied with
the terms on which the reservations were granted, as far
as practicable, in the several cases; and which reserva-
tions have since been sold by the United States shall
constitute a just claim against the United States, and
the original reservees or their heirs or descendants shall
be entitled to receive the present value thereof from the
United States as unimproved lands. And all such res-
ervations as have not been sold by the United States, and
where the terms on which the reservations were made in
the opinion of the commissioners have been complied with
as far as practicable, they or their heirs or descendants shall
he entitled to the same. They arc hereby granted and con-
firmed to them ; and also all persons who were entitled to
reservations under the treaty of 1817, and who, as far as
practicable, in the opinion of the commissioners, have com-
plied with the stipulaUons of said treaty, although by the
treaty of 1819, such reservations were included in the uii-
ceded lands belonging to the Cherokee nation, are hereby
confirmed to them, and tliey shall be entitled to receive a
grant for the same. And all such reservees as were obi igcd
by the laws of the States in which their reservations were
