1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1085
«it«ated. to abandon the same or purchase them from the
plates, shall bt' deemed to have a just claim against the
rmteil for the amount by them paid to the States,
uitft interest thercm t'or such reservations, and if obliged to
abandon the same, to the present value of such reservations
a« uiuui|>ro\ ed lands; but in all cases where the reservees
tia\o -old I heir resert ations, or any part thereof', and con-
the -tine by deed or otherwise, and have been paid
torthe same, the*. their heirs or descendants, or their as-
signees, shall not be considered as having any claims upon
ihe limed states under this article of the treaty, nor been-
uiled to receive any compensation for the lands thus dis-
posed of. It is expressly understood by the parties to this
Ireaty that the amount to be allowed for reservations under
this article shall not be deducted out of the consideration
money allowed to the Cherokees for their claims for spoli-
ations ami the cession of their lands ; hut the same is to be
paid lor independently by the United States as it is only a
just fulfillment of former treaty stipulations."
Mr. BAYARD. I move to strike out of the
amendment that portion of it relating to interest.
I can see no reason for allowing it in this case.
There is no agreement for the Government to pay
interest. I see no reason why it should be paid.
1 know nothing of the character of the claim; but
it has been ruled in order, and of course I have
no opposition to make to it.
Mr. COOPER. I hope that that motion will
not prevail. The Senate, it seems to me, estab-
lished a rule at the last session, or perhaps at the
present session, which covers this case. I refer
to the case of David Taylor; a case of which 1
think the President of the Senate himself had
charge. In that case interest was allowed for a
longer period than interest is claimed in the present
case. In 1843 this reservation was appraised,and
the amount due to the reservee was then ascer-
tained. From that period, and indeed from 1821,
he has been homeless and houseless; and it seems
to me that, in addition to the value of his land,
he ought to have the additional remuneration of
interest for seven or eight years. I hope the prece-
dent established in the case of David Taylor will
not be departed from.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not recollect the case of
David Taylor. I do not know whether the ques-
tion of interest was raised there. If it was raised
and decided, it of course constitutes a precedent
which you are to follow, if precedents are binding.
The mere allowance of interest without objection
is a singular kind of precedent, which would never
be recognized in a court of justice, and I should
suppose still less in a deliberative body. I would
inquire whether the question was raised in the
case to which reference is made?
Mr. COOPER. It was, and it was debated in
the Senate, and the interest was allowed for six-
teen years.
Mr. BAYARD. Was a vote taken upon it?
Mr. COOPER. I believe there was. As I re-
member, the bill came from the committee with-
out interest in it, and upon the motion of the
President, interest was added.
Mr. BAYARD. Was there any objection I
made? That may constitute a great difference. |
I have seen in this body constantly motions made j
by Senators as distinguished as the honorable
gentleman who occupies the chair, and passed
without opposition at all. I consider it no pre-
cedent whatever, when a motion is made and
carried without objection. If an objection is made,
and the question is brought before the Senate, and
the Senate decide after discussion, it may have its
weight; but I cannot distinguish the principle of
this case from others which I am sure have been ,
decided by the Senate since I have been a member,
in which interest was refused, even in cases as
strong or far stronger than this. Although others
may have more humanity than I have in refer-
ence to the Indian, I cannot distinguish that an
Indian is entitled to interest any more than a white
man. There is no general ground for the allow- ,
ance of interest that I know of. If in every case
in which the Government does not pay when the
money becomes due, you are to allow interest,
then if your appropriation bills are not passed, and
you cannot pay the salaries to the different clerks
of the Government at th e time when they are due,
you will have to allow them interest. I can scarce-
ly conceive of a case in which it would not reverse i
tne whole general rule, that the Government is not \
bound to pay interest, except with certain rare ex-
ceptions, in myjudgment. I will, however, argue
that question at a future day.
The amendment to the amendment was reject-
ed; there being, on a division—ayes 7, noes not
counted.
Mr. WALKER. I-have an amendment to offer
to the amendment by way of proviso:
Provided, That the sum appropriated by this clause shall
be paid directly to the said Taylor, and not to anybody else.
For want of such a provision as this, David
Taylor was put in jail, and I hope the persons for
whose benefit the present provision is intended
will not meet the same fate.
Mr. DAWSON. Whenever money is ordered
to be paid to an individual, that individual has a
right to order it to be paid to any other individual.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will suggest to my friend
from Wisconsin, that we have already provided
for cases of this kind in a law which we passed
at this session.
Mr. WALKER. It does not apply to a case
of this kind.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; there being, on a division—ayes 22, noes not
counted; and the question recurring on the amend-
ment as amended, it was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
To John Ward, for clerk hire in the office of the Super-
intendent of Indian Affairs at Santa Fe, New Mexico, from
April 1 to September 30,1859, at the rate of j$50 per month,
$300.
That claim is for services rendered by a clerk
in the office of the Governor of the Territory,
who, by virtue of his office, was Superintendent
of Indian affairs. It was necessary to have a
clerk and acting interpreter, who for three months
did the whole business of interpreting for the
Acting Superintendent of Indian Affairs. The
claim is recommended by the Acting Superintend-
ent of Indian Affairs and by the Governor, and is
stated to be a reasonable amount for the service per-
formed. Whether it be a private claim or not, I do
not know; but as the amount is so small, and has
accrued in the public service, I hope the question
will not be raised.
Mr. PRATT. It is a private claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would inquire of the Senator, whether it proposes
to make a provision for the salary of a person as
prescribed by law, or whether it proposes to add
to his salary ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It proposes to a^thim
not a salary, but compensation for past^^Pces.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair, it is a private claim, and therefore
cannot be received.
Mr. SE B ASTI AN. I have the folio wingamend-
ment to propose:
"That the President of the United States be, and lie is
hereby, authorized to make five military reservations from
the public domain in the State of California, or tlie Territo-
ries of Utah and New Mexico, bordering on said State, for
Indian purposes: Provuled, That such reservation shall not
contain more than acres each: Jind provided further,
That such reservation shall not be made on any lands in-
habited by citizens of California; and the sum of S25 ,000 (
is hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to defray the expense of sub-
sisting the Indians in California, and removing them to said
reservation for protection."
I do not propose to go at length into the discus-
sion of this subject. The amendment is recom-
mended, I believe, by the unanimous consent and
earnest conviction of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, that some legislation of the kind is abso-
lutely necessary to correct the state of things now
prevailing in California, which no one can wish to
see continue. I beg that Senators will neither be
startled at the amount asked for, or at the almost
unlimited power which it is found necessary to
confer on the Superintendent of Indian Affairs.
We have been often called upon to legislate for
California on account of the state of things prevail-
ing there; and it was but natural for us to be called
upon to make large appropriations.
We attempted to extend the whole system of the
Indian administration of that country by means of
a superintendent and Indian agents. The first re-
sult of the agents going there was a return to this
body of nineteen treaties, which, on account of
their condemnation by an unquestionable public
sentiment which reached even this body, were laid
upon the table, I believe, without a dissenting
voice. They provided for large reservations, and
compromitted this Government to the payment of
a large sum of money, a policy which did not '
meet the acquiescence and approbation of the del-
egation from California. The next step which
Congress took was to confide the entire subject of
the Indian policy of that country to a resident su-1
perintendent of Indian affairs, who is clothed with
almost vice regal authority, and who was made
Indian commissioner for California. I remember
with what satisfaction the nomination of a gentle-
man to fill that office, who was eminently qualified
for it, was received in this body. He has, after a
complete investigation of the subject, made a re-
port, which for comprehensiveness of plan, for
clearness of conception, and for its practical adapt-
ation to the institutions of the country, I think
stands unequaled but by few documents of the
kind. What, sir, is the necessity of the case
there? We find the country in the possession of
a large number of Indian tribes occupying the en-
tire surface of the country. They have been in
fact independent, although dependent upon the
mild, paternal sway of Spanish rule. Our emi-
grants went there, and went with a kind of feeling
which contented itself with nothing less than the
possession of the whole country. The conse-
quences have been an unvaried, monotonous his-
tory of war, murders, predatory incursions, starv-
ation, and distress among the Indians ever since.
The plan of Indian reservations resorted to by
the treaty-making power will be found unequal to
the object; and now it is recommended to collect the
tribes together upon small military reservations,
which, because they are military, can be removed
according to the exigency of the case, and can be
placed here or removed there. It will entitle the
Indians to protection against the whites, which is
more needed than protection against the Indians.
I am satisfied that nothing less than this will be
acceptable to the people of California. There is
a necessity to which we must accommodate our-
selves in legislating for that country. There is a
condition of things there which we must endeavor
to remedy. The only excuse, therefore, which
you can render to the people of that country for
not occupying the lands is to congregate the In-
dians upon small military agricultural reservations,
just large enough to maintain life upon, and then
respect their rights.
Mr. President, it is supposed by the present
Superintendent of Indians Affairs of that country
that there are about seventy thousand Indians
there, and they are fast melting away before the
Eressure of the white population, and from the
arassing operation of circumstances over which
we have no control. The Superintendent has re-
ceived information of a character beyond all dis-
pute, that fifteen thousand of these persons have
perished from absolute starvation during the last
season. I have before me a report of the Super-
intendent, a small extract from which, containing,
as it does, a graphic description of the treatment
of the Indians of that country, I will ask to be
read to the Senate. It is short, but it is a descrip-
tion so graphic that I will beg to have it read.
The Secretary read it as follows:
" I have the honor of informing you that, in obedience
to your letter of instructions of date December 8,1852,1
went over to the San Pablo rancho, in Contra Costa
county, to investigate the matter of alleged cruel treatment
of Indians there. I found seventy-eight on this rancho,
and twelve back of Martinez, and they were, there most of
them siek, all without clothes, or any food but the fruit of
the buck-eye. Up to the time of my coming, eighteen had
died of starvation at one camp ; how many at the other I
could not learn. These Indians were brought into this
county from some place near Clear Lake by Califormans,
named Ramon Briones,Ramon Mesa, Jos6 M. Quiera, Jos*1
Francisco, and Juan Beryessa, who have for some time
made it a business of catching, and in various ways dis-
posing of them ; and I have been informed that many In-
dians have been murdered in these expeditions. These
present Indians are the survivors of a band who were
worked all last summer and fall, and as the winter set in,
when broken down by hunger and labor, without food or
clothes, they were turned adrift to shift for themselves as
best they could. Your timely interference in behalf of
these unfortunate people has saved the lives of most of
them, for Indians could not have lived through such
weather as we have had wiUiout any food, clothing, or
shelter.
" I distributed all the well among families around, who
are to feed, clothe, and protect them till your further orders.
I have made provisions for the sick to be fed. I am happy
to inform you, to show the good character of these Indians,
that even when starving, and surrounded wi th horses and
cattle, yet I heard no complaint of their stealing. These
people could easily be made to support themselves, and
their condition changed for the better. The grand jury of
the county has found bills against these men, and I presume
their trial will come on next term."
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It need be read no further.
' There are in other parts of it letters stating that it
is a common practice among a part of the popula-
■ tion of that country—1 would be sorry to say that
it was any of the Americans in California; but it
is a common practice for persons to make a sys-
