1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
tem of catching the Indians, and enslaving them.
Frequently cases of that kind are known, as are
specified in the report of the Superintendent. I
believe, fortunately for the reputation of American
citizens, those who are connected with it are
mostly Spanish.
But I will not 2:0 on, Mr. President, to depict the
state of things prevailing there—it is bad enough
in all conscience. It is, I suppose, what will not
be disputed. I merely wish to say that the plan
presented is, 1 believe, the only one that is prac-
ticable for what prevails there. It is certain that
if the present order of things long remains, the In-
dian population will starve out and die under the
cruelty to which they are subjected; and if there is
any necessity for saving the remnants ofthem, that
necessity appeals to Congress. A large portion
of them are falling every year. The present Su-
perintendent of Indian Affairs there has tried, on
a limited scale, the plan which I propose in the
amendment. He has congregated round about
hiin, upon a small reservation, a number, without
interfering in any rights of property or occupancy
of any citizen in California, over one thousand
of this simple tribe of Indians, who are mild in
their character, not wild like the Camanches or
other tribes east of the Sierra Nevada. They
have flocked around him as the only protection
which they could get against the misery which
surrounded them. The present Superintendent
has made that experiment. He has collected
about him something over one thousand of the
plain, simple people, who are anxious for work.
He finds them easily adapting themselves to the
change in their condition of affairs; and such has
been the success of that little experiment, that
he is absolutely importuned by others to take
them under his protection, that they may be al-
lowed to work and live. There can be no doubt
of the success of the experiment upon the scale
which has been tried; and now all that the Super-
intendent asks in this amendment is to be allowed
a sufficient amount of money to extend the same
system over California. Five reservations are
proposed by it. It is believed that the entire In-
dian population can be congregated in small dis-
tricts of country, which will not interfere with any
existing white settlements, and which can be pro-
tected from incursions. It is supposed that
$250,000 will carry out the plan. If the system
be worth anything, and I think it will be success-
ful, it will be self-sustaining, when it is once put
in operation; and not only so, but I am as-ured
by the Superintendent—and we all know that he
is a practical man—it will not only be self-sus-
taining, but it will be an auxiliary in sustaining
the expense of the Quartermaster's Departmentof
that country.
I have not gone further into the details of the
plan. It is unnecessary to do so, because we pro-
pose to grant the money, and let the Superintend-
ent of Indian affairs carry out the details. 1 have
briefly submitted these remarks, more at length
than 1 intended, merely giving the outlines of the
system which we propose to adopt. I shall say
nothing more.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It now remains to fill the
blank. I propose to fill it by inserting twenty-five
thousand a'-res each. That is about the size of a
township of land.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs whether all
those Indians are in the habit of performing agri-
cultural labor?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. They are nearly all of
them agricultural people, if they are permitted to
work in tilling the soil. A large majority of these
Indians are Pueblos. Such I understood to be the
case.
Mr. DAWSON. The quantity of land pro-
posed will be much smaller than is necessary if
they are aerirultnrists.
Mr. WELLER. I am afraid that it is rather
too large a reservation. There is a very limited
quantity of land in California susceptible of cul-
tivation, in proportion to the whole amount of
land there. If there be five reservations of twen-
ty-five thousand acres each, it seems to me we
shall be withholding too large an amount of land
which ought to be occupied by our citizens; and
besides that, I will say to the Senator from Geor-
gia [Mr. Dawson] that the great body of Indians
there never did engage in agricultural pursuits. I
suppose that the Indians who have been brought
upon the reservation by the Superintendent, as
named, are what are commonly known as the
Mission Indians—that is, Indians who have been
attached to the different missions of that country,
and thus have become civilized, and made some-
what acquainted with agriculture; but I think it
may be safely said that the great body of Indians
never did engage in the cultivation of the soil.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill ordered to be read a third
time. It was read a third time and passed.
POST ROUTES.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Hates, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that it had agreed to the report of the
Committee of Conference on the bill to establish
certain post roads.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. MILLER presented the credentials of the
Hon. John R. Thomson, elected a Senator in the
Senate of the United States from the State of New
Jersey, for the unexpired term of the Hon. R. F.
Stockton, to take effect from the 4th of March,
1853; which were read.
Mr. DE SAUSSURE presented the credentials
of the Hon. Josiah J. Evans, elected a Senator
from the State of South Carolina for the term of
six years from and after the 4th of March, 1853;
which were read.
OCEAN MAIL STEAMERS,
j On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate, as
■ in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill from the House of Representatives, " ma-
' king appropriations for the transportation of the
' United States mails by United States steamers,
I 'and otherwise, during the fiscal year ending June
i '30th, 1854;" which was reported from the Com-
mittee on Finance, with the following amendment:
That the Postmaster General shall cause the facts to be
investigated in relation to the contract of A. G. Sloo, for
the transportation of the mail in ocean steamers from New
York to New Orleans, Charleston, Savannah, Havana,and
Chagres, and back, under the act of March 4, 1847, for the
purpose of ascertaining whether the contract corresponds
with^^original bids ; and shall report to Congress at the
next^^Bwn the facts and circumstances connected with
said^^ff'aet, and also for what amount the same mail
service could be performed if a new contract should be
made ; and whether the ships furnished under said contract
ate built according to its terms. The Postmaster General
is further authorized by this act to report to Congress at its
next sessio n to what amounts the service now performed
under the several contracts with the Navy and Post Office
Departments for carrying the mail in ocean steamers, can
be iierealter performed upon the supposiuon that the United
States shall take the steamers according to tile contract,
and sell or transfer them.
Mr. HUNTER. That amendment speaks for
itself. It is designed to get information by the
next Congress which it may be very important for
us to have. The committee has some reason to
believe, from information before it, that there has
been a great mistake in regard to the contracts
which have been executed. I will not now go
further into the subject, as we only propose to
obtain information from the Post Office Depart-
ment, to be acted upon at the next session.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
Mr. RUSK. I offer the following amendment,
by direction of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads:
J3nd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
he, and he is hereby, authorized to allow and pay to the
Ocean Steam Navigation Company, in addition to the com-
pensation allowed to said company under thei r existing con-
tract f  r mail service on the Bremen and Havre line, the
siim of $6,000, or at that rate for each round trip on said
line: Provided further. That the said company shall per
form one additional trip on each of those lines as provided
for by the 5th section of the act to which this is supple-
mentary.
And be it further enacted, That in case the said compa-
nies, or either of them, should be desirous of abandoning
their contract, the Postmaster General shall be, and he is
hereby, authorized to rescind the same and make such al-
lowance as he in ay deem equitable and just.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to strike out the first
section of the amendment. I am not willing to
increase the compensation to the mail steamers.
It has proved that it was a farce to expect them
to return in the shape of postage what we pay
them. The only excuse for keeping them up is
that they may carry commodities, for which pur-
pose it ia not the business of this Government
to sustain them. If they find the contract a losing
one, I am willing to release them from it. If we
cannot get rid of these unprofitable undertakings
in any other way, I am willing to let them off on
reasonable terms. I am not, however, willing to
leave it to the Postmaster General to say what
allowance shall be made. I expect I should agree
to an appropriation that would be as liberal as
any which the Senator from Texas would desire,
much sooner than to leave it within the unlimited
discretion of the Postmaster General. I might be
willing to take these ships at their appraised value—-
for I am disposed to deal liberally with these men
—if we could in this way get rid of these impol-
itic undertakings. I move to strike out the first
part of the amendment, which proposes to increase
the compensation.
Mr. RUSK. There is no time now to enter
into an argument upon the subject; but I totally
and entirely disagree with the honorable Senator
from Virginia when he chooses to say that this
thing has proved to be " a farce." Jt is precisely
the reverse of it. In the first place, it lias taken
from our great maritime rival the monopoly of
carrying our foreign mail and charging what it
chose upon the correspondence of the citizens of
this country with foreign countries. At the last
session of Congress we allowed, after a full argu-
ment of the whole system of ocean mail-service,
an increased compensation to the Collins line.
A Senator. How much?
Mr. RUSK. The gentleman asks how much.
He knows as well as I do—without intending to
be at all rude to him. I have not time to enter
into the investigation in figures in regard to what
was passed, hut I will say that it was a much
larger amount than it is proposed to give to this
company. This company was the pioneer in
this business. They began it when it was but an
experiment, and they assure us now that they are
making a losing business of it. So far from this
being" a farce, "it has accomplished many things.
In the first place, it has reduced to a very consid-
erable extent the amount of freight in which all
the producing part of the country is interested.
Senators may perhaps be astonished when I tell
them that this single item of freight, the living
rate of freight, amounts to over $100,000,000 a
year. The ship-owners protested against the ex-
tra allowance, because they declared, and proved,
too, successfully before the Senate, that it reduced
freight. Then, sir, this was a benefit conferred
upon the whole country. It then took out of the
hands of the British Government the monopoly of
mail transportation on foreign letters, and inter-
course with foreign countries. It reduced the
rates of postage, and enabled your Government to
place a reasonable amount of charges upon the
intercourse between the United States and foreign
countries. It did more than this: it reduced the
tax upon a worthy and highly respectable portion
of the community, to whose industry the country
is indebted for a large amount of your national
prosperity—I mean the foreign emigrants who
have come and settled in this country, and by their
industry and energy have greatly aided todevelop
its resources. Before the adoption of this sys-
tem, the British Government having the mo-
nopoly, charged what rate of postage it chose to
inflict upon these individuals; but since that time
it has been reduced to a reasonable rate. This
correspondence is carried on by a hardy and in-
dustrious portion of your population, which I
have said contributes largely to your national
prosperity bytheir industry. They do more than
that. They come from the older countries of Eu-
rope, from a state of starvation, penury, and want.
The younger portion of the family come here and
engage in industrious pursuits, and from the little
pittance which they earn, lay up at least one half
of it and send it back to relieve age, poverty,
and distress, in the mother country. Sir, if you
choose to abandon this system, the result of it will
be that the carrying of the mail will fall into the
hands of the British Government, and these mes-
sengers of affection from an industrious and hardy
population, to their aged parents and starving rel-
atives in older countries, will be taxed at the dis-
cretion of a foreign Government. I know that
this granting of an increased compensation to
these vessels has been a fruitful theme for stump
speeches all over the United States, but the sys-
tem has made an advertisement throughout every
sea, that the Americans are the best ship-buildera
