1090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
have chosen to take only a part of it and not go
on with the system of making sufficient appropri-
ations to increase the navy proper by means of
propellers, which I admit are the proper vessels
for war purposes alone. But because you do not
choose to make appropriation sufficient for the
support of your Navy according to the most mod-
ern maritime warfare, is that any reason for the
abandonment of another system which not only
connects itself with a state of war, but is intended
also for general benefit to tile country in time of
peace, and connects itself with your postal sya- !
tem ?
As I have said, I cannot vote for the appropri-
ation proposed by the amendment, but I object to
assaulting a system, which assault is grounded
upon a state of facts which do not exist. Great
Britain has not abandoned the system, nor has
she deemed it proper in all these cases that the
steamers should be propellers. I admit that in
reference to the navy proper, she has adopted the
propeller system, as I think all nations should do.
1 was induced to make these remarks merely with
a view to correct what I believed was a misappre-
hension.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to say that I shall
vote against this proposition for the same reason
that I voted against the appropriation for the Col-
lins steamers. I am unab'ie to see any difference
in the two cases, except that we gave a very large
amount to the Collins steamers, and the amount
proposed in this case is comparatively small. That
is the only substantial difference that I can see. I
have noticed one difference between the arguments
which are now used and those which were used i
last year. Then postages were the foundation for
the argument in favor of the appropriation. That
seems to be abandoned now, and we have substi-
tuted for it the carrying of emigrants and freight.
The principle remains the same, but the ground
adopted for the argument last year seems to be
abandoned, and we have new ones in their places.
Mr. JAMES. Mr. President, on the question
of the proposed amendment now under discussion,
I would not offer any remarks, were it not that I
consider the honorable Senators from Virginia and
Florida [Messrs. Hunter and Mallory] to have
stepped aside from the subject in debate, to attack
a measure adopted some time since by Congress,
and in which I took some part. I have reference,
sir, to the act granting additional compensation to
the Collins line of steamers, for the transportation
of the mail between New York and Liverpool.
On that occasion, I differed from both these Sen-
ators in opinion, nor have I seen or heard any-
thing since, not excepting what they have said to-
day, to effect the least change in my opinion on I
that subject, nor to cause me to regret the part I |
took in the business, nor the vote given by me.
On the contrary, the adoption of that measure,
which gave me pleasure then, gives me pleasure
still; and, contrary to the feeling expressed by my
honorab/e friends, I consider the money well ex-
pended, were the result to be nothing more than
the gratification of "national pride," and the
" renown, honor, and reputation" the enterprise ,
has conferred upon us, which the honorable S?r.-
ator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] seems to regard
so lightly.
Mr. President, what is a people without national
pride ? They can be but little belter than savages.
To have national pride, is to be proud of our coun-
try, and is closely allied to patriotism. Surely it
is a laudable pride that leads the citizens of one
nation to emulate the greatness of another, and
when, by comparatively small expenditures of
money, that spirit can be gratified in the successful
prosecution ot great and useful enterprises, which
redound to the " renown, honor,reputation,"and
wealth of the nation, the means should not be
withheld. Sir, we have recently voted to increase I
the salaries of certain ofour ministers abroad,and
very properly too, in my apprehension. But will
it be pretended that these ministers could not have
lived, not only very comfortably, but verv well
indeed, on their former salaries? [ think 'it will i
not. Whjs then, increase their salaries? Toenable 1
them to live in a style more nearly approxima- '
ting to that of the representatives of the regal Gov-
ernments of Europe; and this purely from a feelinsr 1
of national pride, tjiat will not permit us to suffer !
reproach to be cast upon us abroad. It is a noble
feeling; and as long as I may live, 1 hope to see it j
maintained by every American citizen, and fos- '
tered and sustained by our Government. So long
as this ieelins: of national pride shall animate the
breasts of this people, we have nothing to fear
from all the rest of the world combined. So long,
a foreign invader can never plant his feet on our
shores. Crush it, and our liberties are gone.
For my own part, Mr. President, I believe there
is something worth legislating about besides mere
dollars and cents. Some things there are, in my
estimation, far more important to our country.
And while we should carefully guard the Treas-
ury against wanton waste, I will never consent to
be one to stand by it as a surly watch-dog, to bar
all access to its deposits in every case except
when stern necessity may open its vaults. It is
my impression, sir, that the United States Treas-
ury is the repository of the people's money, and
that there can be no better use made of the excess,
after having fully provided for the wants of the
Government, than to expend it for purposes and
on objects calculated to promote the public good.
I would Rot recommend measures to empty the
Treasury and to impoverish the Government;
neither would I act the miserly part, and, from
the mere love of money, hoard it up, and thus
withhold the benefits it might otherwise confer.
We are asked, " How can it minister to the re-
nown, the reputation, or the glory of our nation
to keep up at the expense of the United States
Treasury such enterprises, such steamers, as can-
not support themselves?" And again: "I ac-
knowledge that it is beneficial to facilitate postal
communications, provided it can be done on the
j self-sustaining principle." Once more: "If we
could open a new lineof legitimate business, which
| would spring up and support itself upon the le-
gitimate fruits of industry, I acknowledge it would
redound to our national honor and reputation."
Now, sir, from all these remarks, I can deduce but
one isolated idea: it is, that nothing can redound
to the glory, honor, and reputation of our coun-
try, except it shall return to the Government at
least dollar for dollar for the expenditure. This,
truly, is calculating national renown, slory, honor,
and reputation on the basis of the standard value
of gold and silver—a rule that never occurred to
me before. Of course, if dollar for dollar would
give to our country a certain amount of renown,
glory, honor, and reputation, or, in the Senator's
language, if "anew line of legitimate business"
would give us a certain amount of those commod-
ities, then, by the same rule, a profit of one hun-
dred per cent, would increase them prodigiously.
My own opinion is, that the renown, honor,
glory, and reputation, of either nation or individu-
al, that rests on, or is created by money and
money-making, is not worth much; and if this re-
sult is all the people of the U nited States are to
i realize from Government expenditures, it would
seem to me that they will not have much to thank
us for.
Mr. President, what constitutes the true basis
of the renown, glory, honor, and reputation of a
nation, and for which, while thankful to a higher
1 Power, they have good reason to indulge in a be-
coming degree of national pride? Sir, in my esti-
mation, those great and important characteristics
rest principally not on wealth, but on the govern-
ment of a nation—on its political and civil institu-
tions, the virtue and intelligence of its people, its
just and equal laws, and its exercise of justice and
equity at home and abroad. In a nation where
these approximate nearest to perfection there is
no need to purchase a counterfeit reputation with
gold and silver. There talent and industry will
be sure to meet their reward; there works of civ-
ilization and art will spring up; there national and
individual wealth will accumulate; and with these
will the national greatness be built up and estab-
lished. On this greatness will be reflected the
"renown, glory, honor, and reputation" of the
nation, created by its moral and political charac-
ter. Sir, nothing can add more to this national
greatness than progress in civilization and the arts;
and every dollar expended by the Government to
promote these, though it may not be returned di-
rectly to the Treasury, will yield a tenfold profit
to the people, from whom it was first derived and
whose property it is. On this view of the subject,
sir, my opinion is, that Congress is, or would be,
fully justified in extending pecuniary aid to enter-
prises to extend civilization and the arts as a gen-
eral benefit, even without the expectation or
promise of a direct remunerating return to the
Treasury. Such has been the practice of all civ-
ilized Governments; and to this practice, in part
at least, do Great Britain and France owe the com-
manding position they occupy in science, literature,
and the arts.
Mr. President, it was on the ground of the gen-
eral ben fit to be conferred that I, as well as
others, advocated and voted for the additional
compensation to the Collins line of steamers. It
was neither predicted nor promised, to my knowl-
edge, as the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter]
would seem to infer, that " postages were to in-
crease immediately," so as to make the transport-
ation of the mail a self-sustaining business. The
gratification of national pride, the vast benefits
conferred on the country by means of the import-
ant mechanical improvements arrived at in the
process of constructing the vessels that compose
that line—the powerful effect produced in conse-
quence on our merchant steam marine—and also
the beneficial effect that might be expected to re-
sult to our steam navy—these were the principal
causes urged, and constituting the main ground
on which the appropriation was made; and I
allege, sir, that it was money well expended, even
if a single dollar of it were never returned. But
the Senator from Virginia infers that, had not
Congress interfered in the construction of these
ships, private enteiprise and competition would
have caused ships to be built, as good as these,
if not better. If things were not as they are, no
one can tell how thev would have been. Private
enterprise, without Government aid, might have
produced all that the honorable gentlemen im-
agines, and it might have produced nothing. This
is a mere matter of opinion. One fact, however, is
clear to my view—if the Government wished to have
steamers built suitable for war purposes, to be
placed partially under its control, with the rightto
take them into the public service whenever it
might see fit, it was no more than right and just
that Government should also contribute to pay the
extra cost incurred on that account. But it has
been said that these ships are " rickety" concerns.
If they are so, whose fault is it? They were built
in accordance with a Government contract, under
the supervision of experienced officers of the
Navy, who recommended them, when finished,
to the Government. To call them " rickety" con-
cerns is to pay but a poor compliment to those offi-
cers. I know not how deeply versed the Senators
from Virginia and Florida [Messrs. Hunter and
Mallory] may be in the art of naval construc-
tion; but, for my own part, I would much prefer
to rely on the opinion, in this matter, of the Navy
officers who superintended their construction, the
unrivaled success which has attended these ships
on the ocean, and the unqualified approbation be-
stowed on them by the many thousands who have
made passages in them. My honorable friends
are the only persons I have ever heard of who
pronounced them " rickety" concerns; and against
this denunciation stands, it is believed, the full
force of universal public opinion, at home and
abroad.
But we have also been told that these ships are
unfit for war purposes, except to be used as trans-
ports. And why so ? They are as strong as our
navy steamers; have as good sea-going qualities,
and, in point of speed, far exceed the best of them.
Why, then, are they unfit for general war pur-
poses? Simply because they have side-wheels,
while the British and French Governments are
building propellers. Here, then, is anotherdenun-
ciation, founded on a mere matter of opinion. No
practical test has been had to decide the question.
Perhaps we may be allowed, even in this country,
to be as capable of forming a correct opinion on
this subject as they are in England and France.
The side-wheel steamer moves with much greater
speed than the propeller, and, engaged in battle
with the latter, can always choose her own posi-
tion; if likely to be overpowered, she can readily
haul off and leave her antagonist—neither of which
the propeller can do. But the great apprehension
with regard to side-wheel steamers seems to be the
liability to have their wheels disabled in time of
action; and some people appear to think that every
ball from an enemy must strike and demolish some
part of the wheel or wheels; yet probably not one
ball in an hundred would strike any part of the
wheel, and all parts being of iron, there would be
ninety-nine chances for the ball to glance without
doing any injury for one against it; and great
