1092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
claims upon the bounty or gratitude of the Gov- j
eminent. You have gone even to the remote heirs
of those who are alleged to have shed their blood,
or wasted their property, or suffered privations in
the Revolution, and showered your bounty upon
them. You argue or pretend that all this is but
justice, and what is due to patriots and the de-
scendants of patriots. But neither impartiality
nor gratitude, nor a generous and beneficent policy
can be shown to He at the bottom of all this. It
is interested and for display mainly, and grants of
this kind are seldom made except under the pres- ,
sure of personal or political influences.
I have said that there is no equal justice or
impartiality in the distribution of bounties by
Congress. Take the class of beneficiaries distin-
guished, or supposed to be distinguished, as revo-
lutionary. What sort of justice have you done to
the soldiers and patriots of trie Revolution ? 1 can
hardly suppress my indignation, when I call to
mind the treatment which the gallant men who
fought the battle of King's Mountain have received
at the hands of the people, or at least of its organs
and of the Government. Not a man who fought
in that battle, or the name of any of his descend-
ants, is inscribed upon the pension lists on account
of that battle; and for that reason I suppose it is,
for I can conceive of no other, that the battle of
King's Mountain is no longer accounted one of the
battles of the Revolution. No longer ago than last
year I saw going the rounds of the leading jour-
nals of the United States, and even in such a re-
spectable journal as the Intelligencer of this city,
what purported to be an enumeration of the battles
of the Revolution, in which King's Mountain j
was left out; and 1 tell you, sir, that it is not
very national for those who represent the section j
of the country where there are now some thou-
sands of the descendants of the heroes in that bat-
tle; of those who voluntarily rallied on that occa-
sion—perhaps the very crisis of the Revolution in
the South—of the brave men, who at a moment's
warning grasped their rifles, mounted their own
good steeds, pursued and overtook the enemy, ad-
vantageously posted on the top of a mountain, but
nothing daunted attacked him on all sides, and
after repeated charges, and under a discharge of
musketry and rifles, so rapid as to envelop the
mountains for hours in a sheet of fire, and finally
compelled his surrender. I say it is no easy mat-
ter for the representative of such a race of men,
when he finds that not one cent of the millions of
money lavished in pensions and bounties by this
Government has ever been distributed among them,
to form any high estimate of the patriotic spirit, or
the gratitude or the justice of the Government, or
of the disinterested generosity of those who are j
always so prompt to vote donations to soldiers. I
Just consider the treatment of the conquerors at
King's Mountain in the Revolution, and then turn
to the history of the last few years in relation to
this practice of granting pensions and bounties to
soldiers. Not only every man who fought in 1
Mexico has either been put on the pension list, or '
made the recipient of a tract of land, but even all
those who enrolled themselves for that war, and
marched, though they never reached the enemy's
Country, or heard the report of an enemy's gun,
have been rewarded with extraordinary bounties, j
Am I not justified, then, in characterizing this
So-called generous and patriotic feeling which finds
vent in military pensions and bounties, as deceit-
ful and hollow—a humbug—a practice adopted
more for the purpose of winning popularity and
catching votes, than from any devotion to prin-
ciple or sound policy, or to any sentiment of
justice or humanity ? But, sir, in the bill before
us we have presented an opportunity for signal-
izing a true and just and disinterested generosity. :
We are here invited to grant a portion of the pub-
lic. domain to a class of our citizens who can never
knowor make any return to their benefactors.
Yes, sir, you have now an opportunity of show- !
ing what is in your hearts. This suffering class
of indigent insane can give us no returns at the
polls; no remunerating response to the benevo-
lence, to the charitable disposition, and the phi- I
lanthropic feelings of members of Congress. Some
of them have clanking chains around them now
eating into their very bones; some of them are in |
desolate log-cabins and open pens, and some of
them are secluded in dark pits, never seeing the
light of day.
And here let me pay a tribute to an immortal
genius—the celebrated De Foe. He was the first
man who brought prominently into view, and
urged with irresistible eloquence, the moral obli-
gation of society to support the unfortunate and
stricken lunatic, whose reason is overthrown, but ■
who still belongs to the human family, and en- |
titled to all the sympathies and charities of the
public. ,
I repeit my appeal to the members of the Sen- !
ate to consider that here they have an opportunity
to give a vote which can never be impeached for
selfishness, because there can be no reward, ex-
cept in the consciousness of a just and noble act.
Those for whose benefit the bill provides can
never be heard here. They have no voice in the
public councils; they have no agents to press their '
claims, except the gentle and unobtrusive friends |
of suffering humanity.
1 wish to say to my honorable friend from Towa,
[Mr. Dodge,] with regard to the amendment pro- |
viding for the landless and the homeless, winch ;
he so earnestly presses upon our attention, and I
insists upon ingrafting it upon this bill as a j
measure of superior importance, that 1 hope he 1
will reflect that the bill now before the Senate, and (
which he seeks to defeat, proposes to provide for •
those who have neither land nor home nor mental
nor physical power to acquire the one or the other
—for those who are doomed to be forever landless
and homeless—and there are fifteen thousand such
in the United States. The landless and the homeless
—are they more ours, do they more belong to us,
and appeal more strongly to our sympathies, to
our humanity, and have a stronger claim upon our
justice, and our charity, and our bounty, than
those indigent insane who have no land, and no
home, and can never hope to have? If the land- [
less and the homeless are really more meritorious J
or more deserving of such a donative as this—for
they are both donatives—then let the homestead
bill have the preference, and let us first vote for
that. If the other class of claimants to which I have :
referred are, in fact, more needy, more destitute,
the greater sufferers, and therefore have stronger '
claims upon the bounty and generosity of the Gov-
ernment, then let them have priority. Why should j
we clog this bill with any others? The House of i
Representatives has responded to the justice and
propriety of passing both these bills. It has
passed both. It has sanctioned as fully the bill
for the relief of the indigent insane as the other;
and why will my honorable friend do such injus-
tice to his own heart in offering an amendment
which will destroy the bill now before us. I can-
not conceive that he has a heart so callous to the
claims of suffering humanity , as to deny that any
provision is due to those stricken and unfortunate
beings, who are insensible alike to the possession
or the comforts of home. I believe that the honor-
able Senator does injustice to his own feelings by
proposing his bill as an amendment to this one,
for certainly to do so would defeat them both in
the House. The object of this bill is one that
commends itself to our admiration, and is entitled
to receive our support. It appeals to all the gen-
erous and noble feelings of our hearts. Why,
then, clog it, or do any act which would endanger
its passage.
If the homestead bill is attached as an amend-
ment to this bill, in all probability neither of them
can at this session pass and become the law of the
land. The amended bill will have to go to the
House, and the rules of that body are such that,
at this late hour of the session, no matter what
may be the feeling or disposition of the majority
there, neither measure can pass. Let us pass this
bill for the relief of the indigent insane, and then
take up the homestead bill, and let us hope, let us
expect, let us confidently rely upon the disposition
and feeling of the Senate to relieve the homeless
and the landless, as well as the insane. They
may be in the next degree to the class of per-
sons proposed to be relieved by this bill. That is
what I propose. I hope my honorable friend will
withdraw his amendment. I have heard it inti-
mated that Bennett's land bill will be tacked to
this. Let it be moved by itself also. After you
have provided for the indigentinsane,fortheland-
less and homeless, then let us provide for the old
States. That will come next in order. Bring
them up consecutively. It fortunately so happens
that we have disposed of our appropriation bills
at rather an advanced period of the session—some
fourteen hours earlier than is usual with Congress.
Though they are not finally disposed of between
the two Houses, I have no doubt they will be
without interruption. I therefore make this ap-
peal to the Senate. Let us pass this bill, then \ve
will take up the homestead bill and Bennett's land
bill, and we can pass them all, if such is the pleas-
ure of the Senate.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President, without saying
whether I favor or disfavor the original bill taken
up by the Senate, I must be permitted to say that
I favor the amendment moved by the Senator from
Iowa, and that I desire to discuss it at some con-
siderable length before the Senate. It is a meas-
ure that commends itself both to my heart and to
my head—to my heart because it provides a home
for the homeless and a house for the houseless;
and to my head because in my judgment it is one
of the greatest and best measures for national
strength and national defense that was ever de-
vised by man. But, sir, whether I shall proceed
or not depends upon the response that I shall get
from the Senate. I am unwilling to attempt to pro-
ceed to the discussion of this measure and show,
as I shall attempt to show, that it is for our na-
tional strength and our national defense that we
ought to adopt it, if I am to be interrupted by
committees of conference or others which should
come proposing to report. Will they have pre-
cedence over me' Shall I be under any obligation
either legal, moral, or from courtesy to suspend
and yield >
Several Senators. Of course.
Mr. PETTIT. Is that the understanding ? If
so, 1 do not desire to proceed, for it is the calm
attention of the Senate that 1 want upon this sub-
ject. I do not want to be interrupted. I will not
I proceed unless there is a common understanding
I that I shall be heard for the course of three quar-
ters of an hour. If that cannot be allotted—and
there is no probability that it can be allotted—I
shall certainly suspend now.
Several Senators. Goon! Goon!
Mr. BUTLER. I would not if I were the Sen-
ator.
Mr. PETTIT. I know my honorable friend
from South Carolina is a good monitor. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, I am satisfied that we shall not be
able to accomplish any efficient definite action
upon this subject during theremainder of this ses-
sion. That I shall have a better opportunity to
discuss, to a calm Senate at the next session, this
whole subject, I have not a doubt. Knowing that
the Senate is restive now, or that I must be in a
few minutes interrupted, I shall prefer mvself to
decline going into a general discussion of the sub-
ject.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment to the amendment, and they were
ordered.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I feel that I would
hardly do justice to the Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Bell,] or to myself, if I did not make some
reply to his remarks. He has pronounced a eu-
logium upon the heroes of King's Mountain, and
has paid a glowing tribute to our revolutionary
ancestors. For one, in all that he has said in
praise of that glorious band who stood to their
arms in the hour of their country's need, and
aided in achieving her independence—who, taking
their lives in their hands, and turning their backs
upon everything ordinarily held dear and sacred,
went forth to a seven years' war, sometimes al-
most naked and unarmed, to encounter in deadly
strife the mightiest, proudest, and, until then, the
most invincible nation on earth. Independence
and liberty are the Hesperian fruits produced by
their sufferings, heroism, and blood; and for one,
I say, be not only just but generous to them. Has
my friend from Tennessee any proposition for re-
lief to them? If so, I will go with him in support of
it; and whilst rewarding the survivors of King's
Mountain, let us not forget those of other hard-
fought fields, such as "Stony Point," at which
the dauntless Wayne stormed the British intrench-
ments at the pointofthebavonet,havingknocked
the flints out of the guns of his soldiers.
Mr. BELL. Will the Senator allow me one
word ? I have done it over and over again, but
have been silenced and put down.
Mr. DODGE. I am gratified to hear that the
Senator has exerted himself on so many different
occasions to accomplish something for these sur-
viving veterans. I can truly say that I was not
one of those who contributed to put him down,
