1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1095
of hundreds of thousands, if not to a million;
ami, sir, up to the day when we commenced this
system of issuing land warrants, I proclaimed it
as an undeniable fact that not one solitary petition
h*d been introduced into the Senate for that spec-
ulating scheme. But it has the catch-word of a
popular name; the term is, " for the relief of old
soldiers," and nobody could stand against it.
What were we asked to do yesterday? To pass
an amendment to reserve the lands for six miles
wide on each side of the chartered railroad through-
out the landed States to prevent, not the old sol-
diers getting homes, but to prevent these specu-
lators, who have monopolies of this depreciated
paper currency, from going upon those lands and
monopolizing the whole of them; and when a
proposition was made by myself to have an
amendment incorporated upon it, that it should
not interfere with the rights of persons going upon
the land, who were willing to swear that they
wished to enter or locate it for their personal set-
tlement and cultivation, it was only adopted after
a struggle. Congress, careful to take care of spec-
ulators, careful to take care of those who have
monopolies in the depreciated currency, scarcely
could be induced to look with favor when they
were asked to take care of the old settlers; and
some of those who are the pretended friends of
the homestead bill voted against protecting actual
settlers in that case.
This, sir, is the course pursued here. But the j
homestead bill has made wonderful progress since |
it was started here. I shall never forget the day
when the late lamented Secretary of State (Mr. I
Webster) called me to a seat upon that side of the
Chamber, directly after I had introduced the
measure, and with that sweetness of expression
which his face always wore when he was dis-
posed to be jocular with his friends, went on with
his kind manner, and I know he hit me most
closely by his remarks upon the doctrine which I
advanced. But what next did I see? When the
movement had been set to work, the next thing I
saw, he had matured that memorable resolution
which he introduced into the Senate Chamber.
And where next did I see him? Upon ^he occa-
sion of his attending the celebration of the opening
of the New York and Erie Railroad, making a
speech in Buffalo, in which he took the broadest
grounds that have been taken by any man in favor
of the principles of the homestead bill. I said,
Well done! I congratulated myself, humbleasmy
efforts had been, that that great man had come
over to the side upon which I was, and had laid
the weight of his great talent in the work. Sir,
it made a movement in the American world. Pe-
titions flowed in here by thousands and hundreds
of thousands. I introduced one from Philadel-
phia which measured fifty-two feet, and was ,
signed by five thousand citizens; but does the ,
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Brodhead] re- j
gard it? Not he. Not he. No, sir, he does
not regard it for an instant; but he wishes to throw
off this depreciated currency into the hands of
speculators in Boston, New York, and Philadel-
phia, that they may monopolize the last acre that
the people of the country wish to render secure to
homesteads; or if he does not want to do that, the
effect of his proposition is to do it. When the
first measure was introduced for the issuing of
such paper, I prophesied what would be the result
of the whole scheme; and here the other day we
heard it proclaimed, without any mental or open
reservation, that this very paper money had al-
ready centered itself in the hands of speculators to
such a degree that, unless we consented to let the
lands be reserved for corporations, for railroad
companies, they would get all the land. No one
professes to be a stronger friend of this measure
than the distinguished Senator from Michican,
[Mr. Cass;] and let me call attention to a little fact:
One of the most useful members of this Senate—
one who I think labors as much as any other
man—the colleague of that Senator, [Mr. Felch,]
has gone down in his course, because of his rela-
tion to this matter. I regret it as much as any
man can; but, sir, I have no doubt of the fact.
What is the evidence which I have of it ? No
sooner do we see what we must regret, that his
constituents have defeated him, but we see follow-
ing that instructions to the Senators from Michi-
gan left here to go for the homestead bill; but the
time has not come to go for the homestead bill.
Gentlemen will run with the hare and hold with
the hounds, until they are forced by the power of ||
the people. 1 regret that gentlemen will resist the
people so much, and will stand so firmly by the
interests of capitalists.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Hayes, its Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that it disagreed to the report of the
Committee of Conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1854; that it asks a second conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and
that it had appointed Mr. Hall, Mr. Evans, and
Mr. Fitch, a Committee of Conference oil its
part.
Mr. RUSK. I move that the Senate take up
the message of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I move that we adhere to the
report of the Committee of Conference, and re-
fuse the second conference asked for by the House.
1 do it with no feeling or passion upon the sub-
ject. The Senate is a coordinate branch of the
Legislature, and responsible to the country as
much as is the House of Representatives for the
discharge of the duties of legislation. At the last
session of Congress we were forced in the very
i ast days of a long session, to act upon the appro-
j priation bills. We were compelled to investigate
[ these bills, and make, as we had a perfect right to
I do, amendments to them. When those amend-
ments went to the House they took them up, and,
as 1 am told, they rejected them en masse, ami
asked a Committee of Conference. And to those
committees, in consequence of the necessity of the
case, and the want of time to act upon the amend-
ments as they came before us, was virtually dele-
gated the power of legislating upon some of the
most important subjects connected with the ad-
! ministration of the Government. Those commit-
tees, therefore, and not the two Houses of Con-
, gress as contemplated, made the laws.
In the early part of this session, the honorable
! Senator from California [Mr. Gwin] introduced a
resolution calling the attention both of the Senate
! and of the House of Representatives to this mat-
! ter. His State, being a new one, had suffered by
the course of legislation at the last Congress, and
i hence, perhaps, his anxiety on the subject. Then,
sir, under all these circumstances, and this being
! a short session of Congress, we received the most
1 important of these, the civil and diplomatic appro-
priation bill, only upon the 21st of February,
which gave us just ten days for our share in that
But I believe there are times when forbearance
ceases to be a virtue, and such a time has now
arrived for the Senate. The time has arrived for
the Senate to show that it is a part and parcel of
the legislative authority of this country, and there-
fore, without passion or any ill feeling, I move
that we adhere to the report of the Committee of
Conference.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to ask the Senator
from Texas whether the effect of his motion, if
adopted by the Senate, will not be to defeat the
bill altogether? .
Mr. RUSK. No, sir; it will, in my judgment,
pass the bill in less than an hour.
Mr. BAYARD. Can the House recede, after
having laid a motion to reconsider the vote reject-
ing the report on the table?
Mr. RUSK. I understand so.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will permit me,
I think I can show him that he is mistaken. We
cannot adhere to a report of a committee of con-
ference. The report of a committee of conference
is an entirety; it is a compromise which contem-
plates yieldings on both sides, and we cannot ad-
here to the report. It requires action on the part
of the House as well as on our part, but we can ad-
here to the amendments to which the House have
disagreed.
Mr. RUSK. That is what I propose to do. I
may have made a blunder in words, but that is
what I meant.
Mr. HUNTER. But if the gentleman will
pardon me, his motion goes a little further. The
effect will be that if we adhere, and the House ad-
here to their disagreement, the bill will be lost.
Several Senators. That does not follow.
Mr. HUNTER. That is the parliamentary
law.
Mr. HAMLIN. Allow me to say to the Sen-
ator from Virginia that 1 think he is mistaken.
This bill came to us from the House. We adopted
it with sundry amendments. It was returned to
the House, and the House has non-concurred in
most of these amendments, and proposed a com-
mittee of conference. It was then returned to the
Senate, and the Senate insisted on these amend-
ments, and agreed to the proposed conference.
Now, if there had been no conference moved, and
the Senate had merely insisted, and the bill had
gone back to the House, it would have been com-
petent for the House to insist without either
branch asking for a conference, and from insist-
in<*, either branch could have followed it up by a
vote to adhere; and one branch adhering, the
other branch must recede or the bill be lost. But
when the bill came here, the Senate insisted and
agreed to a conference. We have the report of
: responsible measure, to say nothing of the other ! the conference before us. What is it? It is briefly
p i mi i-:_u i—;*■ a « annn that they recommend the Senate to recede from
appropriation bills which were behind it. As soon
as we received it, we referred it to the proper
committee, which in two days reported it. We
investigated it as well as we could in the limited
time which was allowed us, and we made, I be-
lieve, over one hundred amendments, acting on the
best information we had. The House of Repre-
sentatives, as I understand, rejected seventy or
eighty of those amendments, and then asked a com-
mittee of conference on those amendments about
which the two Houses could not agree. That
was granted by the Senate, and, as 1 understand
from some member of that committee, appropria-
tions which were important to the great interests
of the country, and which were necessary for car-
rying on the Government, were yielded in a spirit
of compromise, rather than to risk the bill. When
the report came into the Senate, we, in a disposi-
tion which I think is commendable on all occa-
sions, without showing any stubbornness, agreed
to the report. But the House of Representatives
have chosen to reject it, and have asked us now,
at this late hour—nearly twelve o'clock at night—
to put it into the hands of a second committee of
conference, when we shall not be able, for the want
of time, to investigate their report. The ettect
will be to allow that committee to make laws, lor
which both we and the House of Representatives
are responsible. Under such circumstances, with-
out any feeling on this subject, if the House ot
Representatives choose to risk this bill, we have
not only discharged our duty, but we have shown
magnanimity and forbearance in this matter. Sir,
I am not a stubborn man. I am ' as mild a man-
nered man as ever scuttled ship or cut a throat.
[Laughter.]
amendments number four and five, and that the
House concur in amendments one, two, and three,
&c. The Senate have agreed to that report of the
conference. What is that ? It is precisely equiv-
alent to a vote adopting the amendments which
they have agreed upon. That report has gone to
the House, which has refused to concur with us
in accepting it. It now comes back to us from the
House, which asks us for another conference. I
insist that the proper motion is to adhere; and to
adhere to what? To adhere to the report of our
own committee of conference, which was that we
should adopt certain amendments and reject cer-
tain other amendments. That is what 1 under-
stand to be the parliamentary law; and I will vote
until doomsday before 1 will recede one inch from
the report which our committee has made. I
would be very glad to recede from the vote agree-
ing to that report, if I could have the assurance
that we could have another committee which would
demand something that would be more just to-
wards the Senate, and would insist on more con-
cessions on the part of the House. While I con-
cede that the last committee of conference has
done everything that it could do under the circum-
stances, yet if we could have another committee
that would insist upon more than the previous
committee insisted upon, I would vote to recede,
and go for another committee of conference. But
not supposing that possible, I will vote here as
long as I can wag my tongue to adhere to the re-
port of the former committee of conference.
Mr HUNTER. We should not go into this
matter wrong foot foremost. Let us not make a
mistake on a question of order which would be vital.
