1098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
If the Senator from Maine had looked further,
he would have seen that I was right. We cannot
adhere to the report of a committee of confer-
ence. It does not consist in merely reporting that
the Senate Agree to this and the House to that
amendment; but there are also amendments to
amendments proposed. And what would be the
meaning of a vote to adhere to the report? That
the Senate adheres to an amendment which the
House committee proposed, and which is not an
amendment until it is adopted by the House, and 1
which amendment the-House has not adopted.
How can we do that? We can do this, however:
We can adhere to those amendments to which the
House has disagreed, and we can adhere to our
disagreement to their amendments to our amend-
ments. We can do that; and the effect will then
be, that unless the House recede, the bill will be
lost. I merely wish the Senate to see the precise
effect of what it is doing. Not that I mean to
propose any other committee of conference. I think
we have done enough. I think 1 see indications
around me that it is the opinion of the Senate
that its conferees have already yielded until the
Satience of our friends has grown threadbare.
Tor do I think that the Senate should, under the
present circumstances, concede to the request to
appoint another committee of conference; how-
ever, I will think of that.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will request
the Senator making the motion, to reduce it to
writing, in order that the question of order may
be clearly and distinctly presented.
Mr. MANGUM. If the Senate are prepared
to take the position which seems to be indicated
in different parts of the Chamber, it strikes me
that the proper mode of procedure is, that the Sen-
ate decline appointing another committee of con-
ference. J
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am not prepared to take
the ground that we will not confer with the House '
ajain upon this question. I think that if the Sen- |
ate now adhere, we shall be making up an issue
between the two Houses, with some degree of
feeling, which will result, almost inevitably, in the
defeat of the bill. The House have proposed to
confer with us, and 1 think we had better meet
them in a spirit of good feeling, and see if we can
come to an agreement, and not take an alternate
that will put the two Houses on their pride in this
matter. I think there is danger of acting from the
feeling that we have already yielded too much on ,
other bills. That may be so; but it is no reason
■why we should take a rash step on this bill.
There may be some amendments from which we
could recede without much feeling, and which
would render the remainder of them acceptable to
the House. I would rather have another Com-
mittee of Conference to ascertain whether the dis-
agreement is upon one or two, or upon a large
number of the amendments. We may find that
the disagreement is upon an amendment from
which the Senate would recede without a moment's
hesitation; and I am inclined to think, from the in-
formation I have, that if the point of disagreement
could be brought before the Senate, they would
recede at once by an overwhelming majority.
And if the Senate would recede with an over-
whelming majority, it is evident that the House
are right in refusing on their part in the first place.
Therefore, I would rather make another effort to
agree before taking any final step which would
result in the defeat of the bill.
Mr. RUSK. As I have been requested by the
Chair to reduce my motion to writing, I have done
so; and I offer it in these words:
Resolretl, That the Senate decline the request of the
House of Representatives to appoint another Committee of
Conference upon the bill of ttie House, No. 337, making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
Government for the year ending June 30, 1854. \
Mr. ADAMS. I beg leave to call the attention
Of the Senate, before the vote is taken, to what
eeems to me, at least, to be a misapprehension in
relation to this question. A feeling seems to have I
gown up between the two Houses, because the !
ouse has not agreed to the report of the Com-
mittee of Conference. I beg leave to call the at- I
tention of the Senate to the form of our Govern-
ment, and to the object of the creation of two
Houses; and if the Senate will look at that they
will see that there was no disrespect intended to
this body; and that it would be very proper to
conform to the suggestion of my friend from Illi-
nois.
It was intended by the framers of our Govern-
ment that before any measure should become a
law, it should receive the sanction of a majority
of both Houses. And if a majority of this body
is in favor of a proposition, and a majority of the
other House is opposed to it, I take it for granted
that it is an honest difference of opinion, and that
according to our frame of Government, the meas-
ure about which there is this difference of opinion
should not become a law. The House of Repre-
sentatives passed a bill making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the next fiscal year, and sent it to this
body for consideration. We made a great many
amendments to it. The House have considered
those amendments and concurred in many of
them, and in others they differ in opinion from us.
The matter was referred by both Houses to a
committee of conference. The members of that
committee on the part of each House met and con-
ferred, and reported to their respective Houses the
result of their deliberations. The Senate con-
curred in the report. But a majority of the House
could not in their conscience approve of it. Now,
I ask, is there a man in this body who desires to
force a majority of the other House, when they
differ in opinion, to pass into a law that which
from the very frame of our Government it was in-
tended should not become a law, merely because
it is upon an appropriation bill? It is an honest
difference of opinion, and one to which we should
yield unhesitatingly; or, at all events, when they
have asked a further conference, we should extend
that courtesy to them.
Mr. WELLER. We are aa conscientious as
they are.
Mr. ADAMS. I know that; but according to
the frame of our Government, when a majority
of one body disagrees to a measure proposed by
the other House, that measure ought not to be-
come a law. Senators are now proposing to force
on the other House measures to which they can-
not conscientiously agree. We propose to say
that they must submit unconditionally, when it
is known that a majority of them honestly and
conscientiously differ from us in opinion. It is pro-
posed thatwe shall say to them, You shall lose the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, or you shall
yield, contrary to your judgment, the propositions
which you think are right. That is the effect of it.
It is wrong to get up any unkind feeling between
the two Houses. It is wrong to get up this rivalry
between them, and say that the opinion of one
House shall prevail over that of the other. What
will be the effect of this ? Let us reflect for a mo-
ment, and see what would be the effect of the mo-
tion of the Senator from Texas. If the House
I should insist, and if they are, as I have supposed
and as I think the Senate are bound to suppose,
conscientious in their difference of opinion, they
will insist; and the result will be that the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill must be lost; the
wheels of Government must stop, or the Executive
must call an extra session. And we all know,
from past experience, that the calling of an extra
session seals the death-warrant of the party in
power—the President, who is not to blame in this
matter. That will be the result. If the Senate are
prepared to bring upon themselves such conse-
quences as must be inevitable, as every one must
see, it is for them to do so.
I am not disposed for one to attribute any im-
proper motives to the House in differing in opinion
from us. They pass bills to which I never can
assent. And may we not likewise pass bills to i
which they cannot assent? I am willing to use'
every effort within legislative authority and pre-
cedent to bring about a good understanding be-
tween the two Houses. And all parliamentary
means should, in my judgment, be resorted to be- !
fore we hazard or endanger the passage of a bill ]'
of this sort. I hope, therefore, that the suggestion !
of my friend from Illinois may be acceded to. and \
that we shall extend to the House of Representa-
tives the courtesy, as they have asked a further ;
conference, of appointing a committee to meet and
confer with them. I am not afraid of the selection
of men who will maintain the rights of the Senate.
Gentleman talk about the rights of the Senate.
Sir, the Senate has no right to force a majority of
the other House. The Senate has a right to pro- i
pose to the House any amendment, and the House
agrees to it if it concurs in opinion with the Sen- !
ate, but the Senate has no right to force them. '
The right to force does not belong to us any more
than it does to them.
Mr. DOWNS. The honorable Senator from
Mississippi says that we have no right to force
the House into measures. I would ask him if he
intends to yield, and if the House are to force us ?
Mr. ADAMS. 1 beg leave to say that neither
party has a right to force the other. If a majority
of one House proposes a measure and the other
House disagrees to it, the Constitution intending
that a majority of each House should give the
sanction of their judgment to a measure before it
becomes a law. it is the duty of the House making
the proposition, when the other disagrees to recede
from it. That is the spirit of the Constitution.
Mr. DOWNS. Then, according to that, I sup-
pose it is the duty of the Senate to recede from
everything that the Houee objects to. I under-
stand the matter differently. I understand that
the Senate is a coordinate branch of the legislative
power; and it is no more incumbent on them than
it is on the House to recede from any measure. I
would call to the recollection of the Senate, and
the gentleman from Mississippi, the very extraor-
dinary position in which we are placed. We
have found here, by the experience of years past,
that the appropriation bills cannot be got through
without committees of conference. We have
never, I believe, since I have been here, got
through any of those bills without a conference,
this being a necessity growing out of the disagree-
ments between the two Houses; and I believe there
is no instance since I have been here where either
House has refused to agree to the report of a com-
mittee of conference on one of the important ap-
propriation bills at the last moments of a session.
It is very rare indeed that such a thing occurs any-
where. In the experience which I have had in
legislative bodies, either here or elsewhere, I know
that the instances are very rare in which either
House refused to agree to the report of a commit-
tee of conference, particularly at the last moments
of a session, when there was no other way of
passing the bills. I believe it has never been done
during the six years that I have been in the Sen-
ate.
What is the case now, at this late period of the
session ? This bill has been thrust upon us at
such a period, as was so well urged by the hon-
orable Senator from Texas, that we could not
consider it. We are at this late hour of the night
to commit the matter again to another committee
of conference. This is the Second report of a
committee of conference to which there has been
a disagreement to-day. I wish to prodlRe no ex-
citement between the two Houses. I wish to
show no disrespect to the House of Representa-
tives, but I do think that the Senate has as much
right to vindicate and adhere to their opinions as
the House; and after they have resorted to the or-
dinary means of conference, and that conference
have given up much of the action of the Senate,
of which they were as sincere in their approval as
the House, now in the last moments of the ses-
sion, within half an hour of twelve o'clock on the
night of the 3d of March, the House have refused
to concur in the report of a committee appointed
in part by themselves. I do not think that under
the circumstances it is incumbent on us to yield.
If we did yield, it might be inferred that we were
to yield on every occasion and in every case. I
hope that the proposition of the Senator from
Texas will be adopted. We have done all that
has usually been done heretofore to save these
bills. If this one Bhould be lost now, it is not the
fault of the Senate; and I, for one, say if it must
be lost, be it so. I acknowledge myself ready
and willing to take the responsibility for my own
conduct, as far as the action of the Senate is con-
cerned.
Mr. BAYARD. It seems to me that the argu-
ment of the honorable Senator from Mississippi
proceeds on a wrong assumption. He says that
unless both Houses agree upon a measure, it is
the intent of the Constitution that it ought not to
pass into law. Let us reverse the action of things
here, in order to test the principle, and see if this
is not coercion, and illegitimate coercion, on the
part of the House. This is not the first bill in
regard to which we have been treated in this way.
Suppose the Senate had taken the initiative in re-
gard to the appropriation bills, which, under the
, Constitution, they have a right to do; and, with-
■ out wailing for the House, had passed their own
