1098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
act independently, and to express their opinions.
But an appropriation bill presents this peculiar
feature: There are hundreds of distinct subjects
embodied in the same bill. It is not like ordinary
legislation when you introduce a distinct proposi-
tion or subject, and call upon each House to act
either tor or against that distinct proposition; but
an appropriation bill,consistingof hundreds of sub-
jects, each being independent of the other, the two
Houses are called to act upon each one of those
distinct subjects. Now, in this view of the sub-
ject, what system will maintain the independence
of both branches of the Legislature, and still ena-
ble us to go on with the public business of the
country? Why, it is as plain as that two and
two make four; and it is, that if the House shall
agree to appropriate any sum of money, and the
Senate disagree to it, the House is to abandon that
appropriation. The House has 110 right to force
upon the Senate an appropriation which the Sen-
ate are unwilling to make. If the House were to
present themselves in the attitude of arrogant dic-
tation to the Senate, and to say to us, " Pass this
measure, and if you do not pass it by surrender-
ing your judgment, we will defeat the whole bill,"
I would say at once, " Let the bill be defeated. I
will never surrender my independent judgment to
your dictation. I will take no prescription from
you which will force the Senate into a position of
sanctioning an appropriation which does not meet
my judgment." Whenever a case of that sort
shall arise, you would put the House clearly in
the wrong. That is our right; that results from
the organization of the Government, and from the ;
Constitution. What we ask for ourselves we
ought to extend to the House. Then have we
a right to say to the House, " There is a particu-
lar appropriation which you shall take, and if you
do not take it, you shall not have the common
appropriations necessary to carry on the Govern-
ment, accoiding to the old measures which we 1
have been carrying out for years?" Just as soon
as you show yourselves in that attitude, you are
the arrogant party; and if the House were to act
as I would act if a message of that sort were sent,
they would say we will defeat the bill; and under
such circumstances, I should expect the bill to be
defeated by the House.
Now,under the circumstances, what is the plain
duty of us all ? It is to regard each one of these
appropriations as separate and distinct matters for
the special and particular objects intended to be
carried oui by them; and if either House refuses
an appropriation pressed by the other, we ought
not to make measures inevitably necessary to
carry on the Government the weapons in the
hand of either House to force the other party into
compliance with an unwelcome measure. What
is the argument which we have heard ? It is just !
saying, we disagree with you upon a particular
point, or a half dozen, or a dozen points, and be-
fore we will surrender our judgment we will refuse
to let you have the ordinary appropriations, or
those appropriations which are necessary without
ingrafting the new projects which you nave pro-
posed. There is no such authority on the part of
the Senate towards the House, and there is no
such right on the part of the House towards the
Senate. We must act independently of each
other; and (he way to reconcile the matter is, that
if we dislike any particular item of the House and
cannot agree to it, the point upon which we can-
not agree must be thrown out of the bill; and if
they do not agree with us they must throw it out.
I have already said that if the House were to send
an amendment here, and call upon me to assent to
it, contrary to my judgment, and said, unless you
do assent—which is the argument now—the bill
will be defeated, I would defeat it instantly. If 1
would act upon that principle in regard to the
House, I would act upon the same principle in this
case. I think we have no right to say to the House,
" The whole shall be lost unless you agree with
us." Sir, these things are reciprocal. The two
coordinate branches of the legislative department
have been provided most beneficially for the coun-
try to operate as mutual checks upon each other;
and the manner in which they check each other is,
that whenever they cannot agree about a particular 1
measure, that measure must be lost. It is wrong
to bring in matters about which we cannot agree,
and say that those disagreements shall be reasons !
for defeating the provisions about which we do
agree. This is a mode of forcing the other House |
j to surrender their honest and independent opin-
i 10ns, and I cannot agree to any such course.
! When the matter was first started, I felt very
much inclined to vote for the motion of the Sena-
tor from Texas. I felt almost determined to do it,
until 1 heard the gentleman from Mississippi, and
began to think about the matter, and to analyze it
in all its bearings. When I began to analyze it, I
became thoroughly satisfied that the only way in
which you can manage this appropriation bill,
which is an aggregate of a thousand things, is to
separate each item, and let it stand upon its own
merits, and take the nine hundred and ninety-nine
out of the thousand about which we do agree, and
give up the thousandth about which we cannot
agree. We must take out of the bill everything
about which we cannot agree, and leave those mat-
ters to stand about which we do agree. That saves
the independence of both branches, and is the
proper course to be pursued.
The House of Representatives have, as I under-
stand, asked a second Committee of Conference.
Will it be respectful for us to say to them that we
will not grant it—that we will not meet your re-
quest ? It appears to me that it would hardly be
respectful to decline meeting a request which is
sent here without any offense that I can see.
Mr. DAVIS. I think we are rather likely to
be drawn into error by assumption merely. It is
assumed that an indignity has been offered to the
Senate; that there has been an invasion of our
rights on the part of the House. I think that be-
fore we make up a controversy with the House,
I it is worth while to inquire whether the fact is
| really with us? The two Houses disagreed upon
certain portions of the civil and diplomatic bill. A
Committee of Conference was asked, and conceded
by both Houses. A report was agreed upon by
that committee, which was adopted by the Senate,
but rejected by the House. The first question,
then, is, Had the House the right to act upon
such a report as that, or were the doings of the
Committee of Conference final and conclusive in
themselves? There is no proposition plainer to
my mind than that the acts and doings of such a
committee are still open to be passed upon by the
respective Houses. They may agree to them or
reject them as they please. That I think is strictly
within the parliamentary rule. Then what have
the House done? They have taken this subject
into their consideration, and having considered it,
they disagree with the Committee of Conference;
and they send their decision upon that question to
the Senate, and ask for another committee. I be-
lieve that is the language. The only disrespect
which I can see upon looking at this proceeding,
is the implication which arises out of the fact of
asking for another committee. If they simply ask
for another committee, I can see no impropriety
in it. The proceeding seems to be according to
parliamentary usage and in conformity with the
rules of bodies of this description, and is sanc-
tioned by parliamentary law; but if the asking
for another committee is any reflection upon the
committee appointed already, and it is to be es-
teemed such, there lies the indignity, and the
whole of it. I do not suppose that if any such
language is employed, it was intended to convey
an exceptionable sentiment or opinion. I do not
think it was intended to have any such reflection
on the committee heretofore appointed, and if it
was, I should be one of the last men to agree to
it.
Well, sir, what is now proposed to be done?
The honorable Senator from Texas proposes to
refuse the request of the House. That would not
be my way of proceeding. 1 go into no inquiry
as to motives here. It is not for me to judge what
feelings, what sentiments, or what motives may
have influenced the House one way or the other.
The question is, is the proceeding on its face a
proper one?—is it parliamentary? If I find it to
be so, that is enough for me; that shows me that
there has been no invasion of right, no indignity
offered. Then, if it is appropriate and parliament-
ary on the part of the House to disagree to the
doings of such a committee, and to send a message
conveying their proceedings to us, it is all well
enough. And what ought we to do on such an
issue as that? Why, sir, we ought to yield to
the request, but send the same men as we sent
before into conference with the House; send the
same committee to meet them; let them confer to-
gether and ascertain—for that is the object of the
conference—whether anything new has sprung
up, whether there are any difficulties which were
i unforseen when the last committee of conference
met, and which can be reconciled between the two
Houses. Why, sir, we had an example of this
sort this very day, and on the second trial the tws
Houses were reconciled, and the Senate, instead
of losing by that step, gained some amendments
which they had made to the bill, and which were
excluded by the former decision. If there is no
indignity offered to the Senate, if there is no vio-
lation of parliamentary rule in all this, then what
objection can there be to sending conferees to meet
any committee which the House may think proper
to appoint? I would send, in order that we might
not be misinterpreted or misunderstood by the lan-
guage employed, the same committee which we
sent before to meet the committee of the House.
That is the course which I would recommend.
Mr. BRIGHT. This is a very important ques-
tion,Mr. President,and I think the most important
point in itisthatwe start right. Thepathis avery
clear one, to my mind. So far as the Senate is con-
cerned, the civil and diplomaticappropriationbiilis
a law. The Senate appointed a committee, which
met a similar committee on the part of the House.
These committees agreed to recommend a certain
course of action. The committee on the part of the
Senate reported their action, and the Senate con-
firmed it by their vote; the committee on the part of
the House made their report, and the House refused
to concur in it. What was the next motion ?
Why they followed it by a motion to reconsider,
which has failed in the House. Now, sir, what
is the proper remedy for us? It is not the motion
made by the Senator from Texas, but it is to re-
consider the vote by which the Senate agreed to
the report of the Committee of Conference. If
the Senate refuse to reconsider that vote, it is tan-
tamount to declaring that they are satisfied with
the bill as it is; that they are not disposed to alter,
amend, or change it in any respect. If the Sen-
ate reconsiders the vote adopting the report, it will
then be within their province to recede from all
their amendments, to concur with the House in
the amendments which they have made to our
amendments, or to appoint another committee of
conference; but, until the Senate do reconsider the
vote adopting the report of the committee, there
is, to my mind, no parliamentary law authorizing
the appointment of another committee.
Mr. HUNTER. I think my friend from In-
diana is mistaken in supposing that we cannot do
all of these things, or any one of them now. He
I will remember that we had a second committee of
conference on the deficiency bill and the whole
subject was then open, as much as it was the first
time. We made a new report, and one which
was different from the first. The whole subject is
open after we appoint a second committee. Let
me present him one other view, and I think he
will see that the report of a committee of conference
| is conditional. It is, that the Senate will do cer-
tain things if the House will do certain other things;
but the House has refused to do those things, and
therefore we are not held to anything in the re-
port of the Committee of Conference. Our action
was conditional.
Mr. BRIGHT. I know that the action of the
one House is dependent upon that of the other,
and unless both concur, a law does not result from
their action. But I am supported in the position
which I have taken by the fact that the House of
Representatives, who are generally more accurate
in the disposition of their business according to
parliamentary rules than we are, as soon as they
refused to concur in the report of the committee,
followed it by a motion to reconsider the vote re-
jecting the report. Though we may adopt a dif-
ferent course—and 1 agree with the Senator from
Virginia that we have done so on different occa-
sions—it does not necessarily follow that we are
pursuing law, for we often depart from parliament-
ary law on questions of this character. It is clear
to my mind that before the subject can be opened
up to the Senate, before we can proceed to dispose
of it either in the way of concurring or non-con-
curring in the appointment of another Committee
of Conference, we must reconsider the vote by
which we adopted the report of the former com-
mittee. If we were to receive intelligence that the
House had now reconsidered its action and con-
curred in the report, the bill would be a law. If
the Senate are disposed to refuse another commit-
