1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1099
tee, they can declare that by refusing to reconsider
the vote by which they adopted the former report.
I think that is the proper and the parliamentary
mode of testing this question. 1 hope, therefore,
tli.it the Senator from Texas, instead of submit-
ting the motion which he has submitted, will move
to reconsider the vote by which the Senate con-
curred in the report of the Committee of Confer-
ence.
Mr. RUSK. According to my estimation, the
report of the Committee of Conference is a joint
thing: and when we adopted it we did as much
as we could to make it effectual and to give it force.
If the House had adopted it, it would have be-
come a law, because it would have then been a
part of the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill;
hut the House chose to reject it. It then failed,
and our action, of course, amounted to nothing.
The bill is not here; it is in the House of Repre-
sentatives. It is not necessary, therefore, that we
should reconsider the vote, for if we should re-
consider it, we would have nothing upon which to
act. We have none of the amendments here, the
bill is not t ere, but the bill and the amendments
are all in the House, and if we reconsider the vote,
neither the bill or amendments being here, we
shall have nothing on which to act except the re-
port of the committee.
I have no ill-feeling towards the House; but
there are certain things which I think are due to
the Senate as a coordinate branch of the legislative
power of this Government; and, sir, let me say
that there are certain statements that are made here
and elsewhere directed aeainst the Congress of the
United States. There are wholesale denunciations
of this body. There is enoush in thepublic pape s
and in the rivalship for seats in the Senate and
House to produce slander and abuse. In my
opinion this is not"the place in which to indulge in
it. Corruption is talked of in the Halls of legis-
lation. Well, sir, if it is here, and gentlemen
know that it is here, they are false to themselves
and false to the position which they occupy before
the country if they do not divulge the facts and
name the man that has been guilty of it. Sir,
these wholesale denunciations are not at all cred-
itable to human nature or to the Government, nor
are they of much credit to those who indulge in
them. I have no feeling on this subject, as I have
said: but after the House had rejected most of our
amendments they asked from us a committee of
conference. We gave them one; they furnished
managers on their part and we on ours. They,
with great labor and anxiety, looked over all the
amendments, and made a report on the subject.
When the report came here, the Senate yielded
most of their amendments and adopted the report,
and it went back to the House. They chose to
repudiate the action of the committee of confer-
ence, and set the seal of condemnation upon it,
and now they ask us to abandon that action, and
give the whole subject into the hands of another
committee. If we agree to it, it will be saying to
them, " Stand out, and you will exclude the Senate
from any legislation." Unless we do that, we are
to be held up as stubborn. We are the gentlemen
who stand in the way! Sir, there is one feature
in this matter which I regard as showing a little
stubbornness; I do not charge the House of Rep-
resentatives with stubbornness except in one par-
ticular. in order to put a subject beyond their
reach, or, as they say, to drive the nail and clinch
it, whenever they do anything which they want
to make pretty strong, a motion to reconsider is
made, and that motion is laid on the table. They
have done that in this case; they chose then to say
that they would clinch this nail, and the Senate
must back out, or they would not get anything.
Under such circumstances, so far as I am con-
cerned, without meaning any disrepect to the
House of Representatives—without meaning any
disrespect to any gentleman here—I shall vote for
the motion which I have made, to decline acceding
to the request of the House asking for another
Committee of Conference, to be treated in the same
way as the report of the former Committee of
Conference was treated. Then the responsibility
will be upon them, and if they choose to defeat
the civil and diplomatic bill, it will be their act. If
they are anxious to pass the bill, they can take up
the report of their Committee of Conference and
adopt it. With the same degree of liberality and
fenerosity which has always characterized the
enate, we have already yielded a large number of
our amendments for the sake of peace and har-
mony. We have abandoned a great many import-
ant amendments which weie considered by a
large majority here as necessary to the service of
the country. If the House of Representatives
choose to act in the same spirit, they can pass the
bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. A few minutes' reflection has
convinced me that my first suggestion was clearly
right,and that we oughtnot hastily, underasudden
impulse, to close the door against any reconsider-
ation of this difference. According to my under-
standing of the rules of the House of Representa-
tives, if we refuse to concur in the request of the
House to appoint a second committee, there is an
end of the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
The bill originally came to the Senate; we amended
it; we then sent it to the House, and they refused
to concur in some of our amendments, and asked
a conference. It was granted, and the Committee
of Conference agreed upon a report. That report
was non-concurred in by the House; a motion to
reconsider the vote of non-concurrence was made,
and that motion was laid upon the table. Now,
according to the rules of the House, no other mo-
tion to take it up can be made.
A motion to reconsider was made and laid upon
the table; the House therefore cannot take up the
report. They cannot reach the bill. They can-
not take any step upon the subject, as I under-
stand the rules, and, as I learn from leading per-
sons of the House who understand the rules. In
order to extricate themselves from that difficulty,
which might result in the defeat of the bill, the
House have come forward and asked the Senate
to appoint a second committee of conference; but
when that request is made here, the dignity of the
Senate is offended. My friend from Texas loses
his usual equanimity, and wishes to vindicate the
dignity of the Senate. The Senator from North
Carolina desires to assert our constitutional rights,
and see whether or not our rights and privileges
are to be invaded with impunity. Why, how is
that? How has our dignity been wounded? Is
it unusual to ask for a second committee of con-
ference? Did not the House ask it of you to-day
on the deficiency bill, and did you not grant it,
and by granting it did you sacrifice your dignity?
Did you submit to an invasion of your constitu-
tional rights, and are you prepared to confess
your own humiliation and degredation before the
close of the day upon which the act was done? I
do not understand how it is that our rights are
invaded or our dignity offended by this proceed-
ing.
Again, sir: I recollect that we appointed three
committees of conference upon one billon a dis-
agreement between the two Houses, a few years
ago. It is not an unusual thing toappoint two or
three committees upon the same bill in case of
necessity. Then, the refusal to appoint a second
committee of conference at this time ia a departure
from the usual course of the Senate, and it shows
an anxiety on their part to seize upon a pretext for
an issue with the House, by which the appropri-
ation bill will be defeated, and the wheels of
Government stopped. I undertake to say, that if
we take that step we shall not be justified either
before the country or by the rules or practices of
this body.
The whole argument seems to be that we have
been improperly treated by the House, not on this
measure, but on other measures, and because the
House have treated us badly heretofore—because
they have not shown sufficient deference to our
action—because they have not conformed to our
wishes, we are to fly into a passion, and show
our spite and resentment. It is not because of
their action upon this bill that we are called upon
to assert and maintain our dignity; but because of
their action upon other bills! Sir, if I had sup-
posed that we had lost any portion of our respect-
ability by our acquiescence in regard to other bills,
I should have been for resistance then, when the
indignity was offered and the injustice was about
to be perpetrated. That was the time at which to
assert and maintain our rights. It is not proper
because we think they have done us wrong be-
fore, and we tamely submitted, that we should
now commit the wrong ourselves. I am not pre-
pared to act from any such considerations. The
question is, is it impossible for us toagree? What
are the points of difference between the Senate
and the House? None of them have been point-
ed out in debate here. It may turn out that the
point of difference is upon a question where it ia
doubtful whether the Senate would adhere. It
may be that the difference is about an amendment
which would not have been agreed to if there were
a full Senate voting upon it originally. I think
that if the item increasing certain salaries was out
of the bill, there would be strength enough in the
House U) pass it. Undoubtedly there was objec-
tion to#*her points, but I have reason to believe
if that one item were stricken out, the bill could
be passed; or if some other item was stricken out
it could be passed. Are we prepared to lose the
appropriation bills and impose upon the President
the necessity of calling an extra session of Con-
gress merely for the purpose of raising the salary
of a few officers of the Government at this time;
or are we prepared to do so at any other time? I
desire to ascertain where the difficulty is, and then
let us see whether or not we can recede. 1 do not
propose to give up my judgment to the House.
I do not ask them to give up theirs to me; but let
us ascertain the point of difference. Let us see
whether the obstacle is unsurpassable—whether
the difficulty cannot be avoided. The House in-
vites us to do it. The House have taken the
last step towards a reconciliation, and have asked
us to confer with them. If we refuse, shall we
not be clearly in the wrong, and responsible for
all the consequences that may flow from it? Sir,
I do not think that this offended dignity which
flies into a passion upon a point of this kind will
elevate our character before the country, or even
in our own estimation, on cool reflection. I am
inclined to think that we had better take it coolly.
1 think the dignity of the Senate can bear a good
deal. I think we had better vote upon the ques-
tion,appoint a Committee of Conference, and pass
the appropriation bill.
Mr. BELL. I do not mean to say anything in
relation to many topics remarked upon by other
honorable Senators. I have no exception to take
to their course; but I think that generally the least
that is said on the occasions of this nature the bet-
ter. Still I do not object to the course of those
honorable Senators who have taken a retrospect
of the history of the past intercourse between the
two Houses. I leave it to every gentleman to
take what course he thinks proper; but I think
that decision and firmness on the part of the Sen-
ate can be most appropriately expressed in the
resolves to which they come. Is there any senti-
ment in the minds of members of the Senate, that
the House have manifested a disposition to resist
the amendments of the Senate to the appropria-
tion bills, merely because they are amendments of
the Senate? Each Senator will be ready to re-
spond to this question, and to manifest a proper
spirit of resistance to such a temper in the House,
by his vote upon the amendments disagreed to
by the House, and by the manner in which the
Senate shall meet the House in conference. The
question is, as I understand, what course shall be
taken in relation to the invitation sent to us from
the House to agree to another conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses. I confess
that I did not understand precisely the condition
in which the question stood when this debate
commenced, and I desire now that the President
will state what the proposition before the Senate is.
The PRESIDENT. The House has sent a
message announcing that it disagreed to the report
of the Committee of Conference on the civil and
diplomatic bill, and asking a second conference of
the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses. The Senator from Texas moves that
the Senate decline the request of the House of
Representatives to appoint another Committee of
Conference on that bill.
Mr. BELL. I do not think that that is a proper
proceeding. I have never heard of a proposition
of that kind before. I think there is no precedent
for it; but I do not care much about precedents
when we can effect anything practical and sensible
in the proceedings of the two Houses. I do not
say that there is a great deal in forms; but still,
upon a question of so much delicacy as thepresent,
there is something in observing proper forms. If I
understand the question correctly, the House have
not taken as extreme a measure as they might.
They have not adhered to their disagreement to
the amendments of the Senate, but they have dis-
agreed to the report of the Committee of Confer-
ence. They neither adhered nor insisted upon
