1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1103
other conference; but my vote would depend very j
much upon the character or' the report from which
the House had dissented, and the character of the
measure. If 1 thought it was one of such import-
ance that 1 could stand upon it before the couutiy,
1 should then refuse a second committee of con-
ference, after the first had reported, and the House
had refused to agree tj the report.
But, sir, there is another poult of view in which
the question comes before the Senate. We can-
not shut our eyes to all that has taken place dur-
ing this session. The question in my nund is not
one of dignity, but it is one of the relative weight
and relative power of the Senate, as compared
with the House of Representatives.
As 1 view this Government, it is a Government
not of mere numbers, but one constituted in such
a manner that numbers is the governing power
in tiie one branch, and State sovereignties the
governing power m the other branch of Congress.
J represent a small State, and I am not willing to
place the body ot which I am a member m a posi-
tion in which it is to become the mere recording
agent or merely to make suggestions to the power
which represents numbers in the lower branch.
This Government is a mixed Government ; it is one
peculiar in its character. Numbers alone are rep-
resented in the House of Representatives; and if
we are to yield the entire control of the appropria-
tion bills to whatever course theother House may
choose to take in reference to them, and not exer-
cise our right, on comparing opinions, to stand by
such measures as we think proper; if, in other
words, we are to be placed in the position where,
if the House send a bill to us, and they disagree
to our amendments and constitute a committee of
conf-rence, and that committee agree, and when
we have the result of their labors, the House are
to throw it aside, and this is done repeatedly and
systematically, showing by the frequency of its
occurrence, that the intention is to place the Sen-
ate in the condition of a subordinate body, I will
never consent to such a course. And when I ar-
rive at such a conclusion, I am prepared to take
my stand.
1 have looked at the state of things now exist-
ing here. We passed at the last session a bill,
which has often passed in the Senate before, for
the relief of those who suffered by spoliations com-
mitted by the French nation previous to the year
1600. What has become of that bill ? It has not
even been considered in the House of Represent-
atives. We passed during the last session more
than one hundred bills for the relief of private in-
dividuals, which we sent to the House. It may
be that there are some of these bills with regard to
which the House might differ from us. But what
has been the result? Probably not ten members
have looked at those bills, and they have not been
referred to committees. I must connect all these
facts together in my own mind. I look at them and
view them in connection with what has occurred
■with regard to the appropriation bills. I was a
member of a committee of conference on one of
the appropriation bills. The matters of difference
were small in themselves, but still of some import-
ance to the institution—the Military Academy at
West Point—for whose support that bill was to
provide. But the moment we met the conferees
on the part of the House, we found that the object
of the meeting was not to confer, but that we were
to receive the mandate and order of the House;
that the House would not assent to these amend-
ments, and that it was of no use for us to talk about
it; and we were obliged to recede. In order to
pass that bill, we had to give up our amendments,
which I considered of great importance to that in-
stitution. In another case besides the present,
during the present session, the House have shown
that they did not consider the report of a commit-
tee of conference as in any way binding upon
them, but that after a committee has reported, they j
will dissent from us and force us into the position
of taking such appropriations as they think proper,
leaving to the Senate no equal discretion in refer-
ence to what should form the proper structure of
an appropriation bill.
In audition to that, in this particular case, the
House have, as has been observed by the Senators
from California and Pennsylvania, laid upon the
table a motion to reconsider the vote by which
they refused to agree to the report of the Commit-
tee of Conference. I think we have a right to ad-
vert to that matter. That vote shows the inten-
tion of the House, and adds another evidence to
those which we have already received, that the
House are not treating us properly.
These facts, congregated together, have led me
to the conclusion that the intention of the House
is to place the Senate in such a position that, when-
ever, as a body, they differ from the House, they
are to yield to the House. I am not willing, on
the ground that I have already stated, considering
the character of this Republic, and representing,
as I do, a small State, to place ihat State, through
my agency, in such a position that her represent-
atives in this body shall not have their equal rights
to participate in the legislation of the country, with
the power of numbers represented in the other
House.
It has been said by the Senator from Kentucky
that ail appropriation bill consists of a variety of
items, and that one House has no right to force
the other to agree to any one item. I concur in
that. It is true, as a general principle. But when
an appropriation Lull comes before you, it is just
as important with regard to its structure, in the
judgment ot the body, that all proper items should
be included, as that all improper items should be
excluded. And the judgment of the Senate is
given upon the bill asa whole. Is that bill, taking
it altogether, the one which ought to be passed ?
Does it include all which is necessary, and does
it exclude all that is improper? That is the ques-
tion presented to every Senator when he votes for
an appropriation bill?
I come back now to my original proposition. I
know not, in the particular case, what are the
amendments which are the points of difference
here. 1 pause not to inquire what they are.
Having arrived at the conclusion, that, taking the
whole course of the business during the present
and a part of the last session, the House of Rep-
resentatives seek by their action to place the
Senate in a subordinate position as a branch of
the legislative power, I, for one, am unwilling to
yield to such a thing. But, sir, I am willing to
admit or to concede, or suppose that the House of
Representatives have acted inconsiderately, and
thrown themselves in such a position that, accord-
ing to their rules, it will require two thirds to get
rid of the effect of their former action, and thus
have got the knot tied. The honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania says, let them disentangle or
cut it. Now, I am disposed to assist in the dis-
entanglement, if there is a will on their part to do
it, and therefore I shall vote against the proposi-
tion to decline a conference. If I am mistaken in
the impression that the House have sought to ren-
der this a subordinate body, or if, having enter-
tained that idea, they begin to find they cannot
succeed in carrying it out, I am willing to give
them an opportunity of receding. I am willing
to assist them to recede from that position, and
therefore 1 shall vote in favor of acceding to the
proposition to appoint another committee of con-
ference. But! would say, appoint the same mem-
bers which were on the last committee. I would
therefore suggest that this course be taken, with
the general understanding on the part of the Sen-
ate that we adhere precisely to what occurred in
the previous committee, and not vary from it a
hair s breadth; and then leave it open to the House
for new action. We shall then know their deter-
mination, and ascertain whether 1 am right in the
supposition I have made as to their views. That
is one reason why I am in favor of another com-
mittee. It is because 1 think that committee, when
they meet the committee on the part of the House,
will tell them we have in the Senate determined to
adhere to the result of the first conference, we do
not mean to be treated as a subordinate body, and
now we will place you in a situation where, with
a full knowledge of this, your House may take
their own course, and we are willing to meet the
responsibility before the country.
These are, in brief, the reasons why I shall vote
against the present resolution, and vote for ac-
ceding to the request of the House to appoint an-
other committee, not grounding myself, as I have
stated, on the position that in the particular amend-
ments there is anything which would require me,
if it were an isolated case, to take a stand against
the action of the House, as differing from the
Senate; but that connecting together all the mat-
ters to which 1 have adverted, I have arrived at
the conclusion that there is a determination on the
part of the House to assert the power of numbers
. to the control over the State supremacy of the dif-
; ferent States as represented in this body. It is no
question of dignity, but a question that I view as
belonging to the rights of my State, and 1 am
willing to stand by those rights at any and all
hazards.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that it had agreed
to some of the amendments of the Senate to the
bill of the House making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30, 1854;
that it had disagreed to some,and agreed to others
with amendments.
On motion by Mr. HUNTRR,the Senate insist-
ed on their amendments disagreed to or amended
by the House, and asked for a conference on that
bill.
Ordered, That the conference on the part of the Senate
be appointed by the President pro tempore.
And Mr. Gwin, Mr. Soule, and Mr. Dawson
were appointed.
A messase was subsequently received from the
House of Representatives announcing that the
House insisted on its disagreement to the amend-
ments insisted on by the Senate to the naval ap-
propriation bill, and agreed to the conference asked
by the Senate, and had appointed Mr. Phelps,
Mr. Appleton of Massachusetts, and Mr. Stan-
ton of Tennessee, the committee on its part.
Mr. DAWSON. I think there is a very great
mistake on the part of some Senators in relation
to the course of the House of Representatives on
this bill. The House of Representatives did dis-
agree to the report of the Committee of Conference;
but a motion was made to reconsider that. That
motion, however, failed, or it was laid upon the
table; but the House, as soon as the Senate sent a
message to them, announcing the fact that the
Senate had agreed to that report notwithstanding
j its disagreement on the part of the House, they
immediately took the subject up, and asked for
another Committee of Conference, thereby putting
aside their disagreement, and presenting them-
selves as petitioners to this body for another com-
mittee of conference. They are therefore the
movers in relation to this matter. They have a
right to insist upon their disagreement as often as
they please. They have done so but once, and so
soon as we notified them of our agreement, they
receded by calling for another conference. What
more could they do? Where is theattempt to im-
pose upon this body, or to exercise any power on
their part derogatory to our character? There is
none at all. They ask for another committee of
conference, and why should we not grant it?
Mr. MASON. I beg leave to say to the Senate,
that we have been now for more than three hours
discussing what we shall do with a simple message
from the House of Representatives, stating that
they have disagreed to the report of the Committee
of Conference, and ask for a second conference.
: The motion was made to lay that message on the
table, and it was refused by a most decided vote,
thus informing us that it is the intention of the
body to agree to the second committee of confer-
ence asked for by the House. Why not do it at
once? Why take up time in debate, when it is
admitted by the Senate on that vote that we are
to have another conference.
Mr. President, there was a time when it was
considered unparliamentary to refer to what takes
place in the other House, further than they had
informed us. Yet gentlemen have discussed what
has been said and proposed in that House. It is
discourteous; it is unparliamentary. We know
nothing of what takes place there but as they in-
form us. They have informed us that they dis-
agreed to that report, and asked for another con-
ference. Now, if I were at liberty to refer to what
takes place in the other House, I would suggest
this: I am uninformed about the matter; I con-
J jecture merely; but in that bill we have under-
taken to raise certain salaries. It may be possible
| that the House is more sensitive than we are upon
- the subject of raising salaries, and our action with
regard to that may have influenced them. I do
not know this; I merely conjecture. But they
have asked for another Covimittee of Conference,
and we have deqjded, in effect, to give it to them,
and I ask that we shall do it at once.
Mr. RUSK. I object to its being considered
that by the last vote taken we agreed to the con-
ference asked by the House. I deny that we
• have decided to have a Committee of Conference.
