1104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
I moved that we should decline the request of
the House, and yet 1 voted against laying the sub-
ject 011 the table, although I have not changed my
opinions at all. The honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia says we have treated the House with dis-
courtesy 
Mr. MASON. No, sir; I have not said so.
Mr. RUSK. I understood the Senator to use
some expression of that kind.
Mr. MASON. 1 said there was a time when the
parliamentary law was acknowledged, and that
. parliamentary law prohibits us to refer to any pro-
ceed ings of the other House, further than they
themselves inform us. The only knowledge we
have, is, that they have disagreed to the report of
the committee, and ask for another conference. I
thought it was discourteous, according to parlia-
mentary law, to be referring to what might have
been said in the other House.
Mr. RUSK. I understood the Senator to say
that it was discourteous to refer to the proceedings
of the House. He rebuked some of us for refer-
ring to what took place in the House, and yet in
the same breath, he referred to the proceedings of
the House himself.
Mr. MASON. I beg the Senator to understand
me. I merely conjectured what took place in the
House. I have not heard one word of it. I have
not heard it intimated in debate. I conjectured, and
conjectured only.
Mr. RUSK. Then I will just conjecture this:
The House asked a conference, and the Senate, in
the temper which it has usually exhibited, yielded
nearly ail those amendments, but the House re-
fused to agree to the report of the Committee of
Conference, and asked for another committee. I
am unwilling to give it. I do not intend to prolong
the discussion, but so far as it depends on me, I
want an opportunity of recording my voteagainst
another Committee of Conference.
Mr. WELLER. I simply desire to say in
answer to may friend from Virginia, that I was
not aware tiiat there had been any test vote taken
on this question. I made the motion to lay the
message on the table for the purpose of getting
rid of one of the most unprofitable debates that I
have ever listened to in the Senate. I have not
heard the first new idea advanced for the last
hour and a half on the question. There has
been a constant repetition of the same course of
reasoning and debate on the part of some Sen-
ators, to show that the Senate's dignity has been
offended by the conduct of the House. Every-
body must iiave seen that the Senate intended to
appoint a Committee of Conference as called for
by the House of Representatives. Nobody could
doubt that, and yet more than three hours of the
precious time of the Senate have been consumed
in the discussion of it. I moved that the subject \
lie on the table, not because I was opposed to the
appointment of the committee, but because I was
un'.vi'iing to sit here and heara constant repetition
of the same arguments. I did say to the lionora- ■
ble Senator from Virginia previous to his obtain- |
ing the floor, that I would give him $2G0for every I
new idea he would advance on this question, and j
ret he has contented himself with repeating what
think was said in as good language by gentle- i
men on the other side of the Chamber. {
] only desire that it shall be understood that in
making that motion to lie on the table, I wanted
to stop one of the most unprofitable of all the un-
profitable debates that it has ever been my misfor-
tune to listen to. I have listened to some gentlemen
who did not seem to apprehend the question, or
else I had not sagacity enough to discover the
force of their arguments. If the Senate are ready
to vote now, I am as ready, of course, as any-
body; but I am opposed to the constant repetition
of the same ideas. Everybody must know that
we have to pass the civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill; the question who shall advance first, is
one that other gentlemen may think very import-
ant, but I do not. If I thought the House of
Representatives intended to insult either the Sen-
ate or me, I would, I doubt not, be quite as pug-
nacious as my friend from North Carolina, who
seems to think of nothing but a fight between the
two Houses of Congress. Sir, I am a man of
peace. I desire that these questfbns of difference
between the two Houses of Congress may be set- !
tied amicably, and I think they can be managed j
without any bloodshed or without dissolving the i
Union. If the Senate is ready to vote, I am.' If [
the Senator from Virginia, however, has anything |
to say, very probably it will impose upon me the j
necessity of saying something further. l|
Mr. MASON. I wish oniy to say that I had ij
no idea or hope of advancing a new idea, lonly
wished to invite the attention of the Senate to the
fact that the question before ua had been, in point
of fact, decided by the vote refusing to lay the
message on the table; nor do I know that the
Senator from California has been any more suc-
cessful than I have been in advancing a new idea.
Mr. WELLER. I was under no obligation to
furnish the Senator from Virginia with new ideas.
I did not start out with that presumption. I said
that the whole argument had been given two
hours ago, and that ail the ideas which he had
advanced, had already been advanced, and that
after the Senate had heard the able speech of the
Senator from Virginia, it seemed to me that every
body ought to be able to understand the question,
and I saw at once that it was utterly impossible
to say anything new, for he had exhausted the
whole subject.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, on
the motion of Mr. Houston to amend the resolu-
tion, by striking out "decline" and insert "'agree
to," resulted—yeas 30, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Bell, Bor-
land, Bradbury, Bright, Brodliead, Butler, Chase, Davis,
Dawson, De Saussure, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Felch,
Fish, Filzpatriek, Geyer, Houston, Jones of Tennessee, I
Mason, Morton, Pearce, Pettit, Pratt, Spruance, Sumner, I
Underwood, and Weller—30. j
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Cooper, Foot, Gwin, Hamlin,
James, Mangum, Norris, Husk, Shields, Smith, Soule, and
Walker—13.
! So the amendment was agreed to; and the res-
olution as amended was then agreed to. i
On motion, it was
Ordered, That the appointment be made by the Presi-
dent pro tempore.
And Mr. Hdnter, Mr. Bright, and Mr. Bell
were appointed.
CENSUS DISBURSEMENTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, made in compliance with a resolution '
of the Senate, transmitting a letter from the Comp-
troller of the Treasury, together with the accounts
of Mr. Williamson and Mr. Clark, disbursing
agents for the Department of the Interior, showing
the payments made to Joseph C. G. Kennedy,
Secretary of the Census Board and Superintending
Clerk of the Seventh Census; which was ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
MAIL STEAMER BILL.
A message was received from the House of j
Representatives, announcing that it had agreed to
I the amendment of the Senate to the bill making
appropriations for the transportation of the United
States mail by ocean steamers and otherwise for
the year ending June 30, 1854, with an amend-
ment, which was to add the following:
" Jlndbeitfurther enacted, That upon the application of
either of the companies contracting to carry tlie mail in
ocean steamers from New York to Havre, or from New
York to Bremen, the Postmaster General is hereby author-
ized to discharge sucli company from said contract: Pro-
vided, That no further compensation shall bo paid to either
of said companies for such discharge from its contract."
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate con-
curred in the amendment. j
BOARD OF CLAIMS.
Mr. BRADBURY. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the bill to establish
a court for the investigation of claims against the
United States, has directed me to report it back
with the recommendation that it pass.
DISPOSITION OF THE PUBLIC LANDS. j
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
the amendment of the Senator from Iowa to the j
" bill making a grant of lands to the several States ;
and Territories of the Union, for the benefit of in-
digent insane persons," which was laid aside tem-
porarily for the purpose of taking up the message
of the House.
Mr. WALKER. When I was interrupted by
the message from the House of Representatives,
I had commenced with the observation, that taking
the whole of my life together, I had not had such
evidence as I have had since I have been a Senator
on this floor, of the preponderance of capital over
numbers and men.
Sir, the idea that is conveyed by the word home-
stead, has been petitioned for by hundreds of thou-
sands; yet subjects for which a petitioner has
never presented his name here, have been taken up
and advocated, and the intellectual power of Sen-
ators has been called out in their favor. Other
subjects have been acted upon, while that subject
for which hundreds of thousands have petitioned,
has never until this night obtained a hearing, and
it comes up to-night only because its friends could
not be ruled off when they proposed it as an amend-
ment to another bili.
In saying what I have just said, I do not intend
to say, nor do I desire to be understood as saying,
that capital, when brought in contact with num-
bers, must necessarily exercise a corrupt influence;
or that it has a corrupt preponderance. By no
means. I know that there are the most honorable
minds, those who cannot be approached by it, but
nevertheless become enlisted in its favor, as it were
imperceptibly to themselves. They feel as soon
as its influence is thrown abroad over the commu-
nity, as soon as a measure is presented in which
it is interested, that they must necessarily bestow
upon it grave, serious, and weighty consideration.
But when unbacked by capital, unbacked by
wealthy influences, the numbers of the people of
the United States may come and appeal in vain to
Congress for assistance for the passage of such
measures as those in which they are interested,
and they obtain not a hearing; or, if they do, it is
a careless hearing which leads to no result.
I suppose it will always be so, and 1 have come
to the conclusion that such will be the case. But,
sir, we give the lie to our form of Government,
and we admit that it is not in effect based upon the
theory that we contend. The theory of this Gov-
ernment is, that the people are sovereign. The
theory of our Government is, that the source of
power is with the people. But we hear the people
only when we are made to fear them, and we are
made to fear them much more readily when
backed by capital to make them appear formida-.
ble. I do not know that we are a people peculiar
in our own nature on this subject. It seems to
have been the case throughout the world thatafew
with capital in their hands could make themselves
heard more readily, and render themselves more
terrible than the many, unless the many were
roused by passion and by wrong to a proper
sense of indignation to move in the matter, and
make men fear for their blood. God grant that
that state of case may never arise in this country.
I have more than once, I have twice said, in the
Senate, that, in my opinion, in the progress of
things there will rise up a difficulty in this coun-
try, little as it may now be thought of, much as
the idea may now be condemned, and that blood
will be shed by men clamoring for bread. It is
against this state of things to be apprehended, that
I, as an advocate of free homes, would guard,
and guard now.
To repeat the idea that I have before advanced
in the Senate, I will say, that our Government is
not strong enough to coerce men to go to bed hun-
gry. When their numbers become sufficiently
great to demand bread, they will have it; and the
means by which they are to take it—mark my
words—will not be a matter of very serious con-
sideration with them. Sir, take the case of Ire-
land. Do you believe that what transpired thpre
a few years ago would transpire here > Do you
believe that the people of the United States would
work and enslave themselves for two ounces of
bread per day, and perish for the want of means
to obtain it ? Would they suffer themselves to be
driven from the poor hovels that sheltered them ?
That was done there, but would it be done here?
I think not, sir. Why was it that such things
were witnessed there? It was because of the
strength of the British Government. It was be-
cause of the overwhelming power of that Govern-
ment, with her standing armies, compelling invol-
untary submission to that which could not be
voluntarily borne. The time will come, in my
opinion, when if extreme aggregation of the land
in the hands of individuals takes place in this
country, similar scenes may be witnessed here.
The people here will not voluntarily submit to it.
You have not bayonets to compel them to do so.
The remedy is, as I have always thought, while
we have a vast public domain to preserve it for
the people; not for the few who may possess a
fortune to monopolize it at present, but to set it
