THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF COxNGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 1853.
New Series No. 70.
apart and let it be resorted to as the necessities of
individuals may demand. I believe it ought to be
set apart with very stringent guards and checks ]
for the benefit of individuals. The Senate may
not now sympathize with me, but the time will
come when the people will tell the Senate that
they do sympathize with me in such a law; and
if that is not acted upon, if what they demand in
that respect shall not be acceded to, if the favor-
able moment be suffered to pass, and the public
domain which we have is permitted to go into the
hands of the few, a worse thing will be done; the
people will not permit it to remain there; and here,
again, our Government is not sufficiently strong
to compel them.
You can never have in this country a large
landed proprietorship and a dependent tenantry.
Whenever prices become so great and wages so
small that the masses cannot accumulate at least
the means of subsistence, and that in sufficient
amount to gratify the reasonable calls of nature,
the people will not bear it, but they will contend
against it.
This may be theorizing. I know that I have
been charged, when uttering thesesentiments, with
bringing forth Carlyiisms, Fourierisms, and all
other kind of isms. The homestead bill before
you does not go to the extent which 1 would wish
it to go. I do not propose, however, to quarrel with
it, for 1 am willing to take it as it is and to pass it
if possible. It is now fifteen minutes past two
o'clock on the last night, or rather the last morn-
ing, of the session of this Congress, and we have
not yet obtained a vote on this bill, and I do not
think we will reach a vote, but the friends of the
measure should try to do so.
The homestead bill is now offered as an amend-
ment to what is called Miss Dix's bill. For this
lady, though I have not the pleasure of her per-
sonal acquaintance, I entertain a very high regard.
I do not think that any one can do otherwise than
entertain such sentiments for her. She has per-
severed in this matter, and it would seem tome that
she has been actuated only by the most benevo-
lent and generous motives. But what does the
bill before you propose ? It seems that this lady
has had a just appreciation of our ideas of specu-
lation. When her bill first made its appearance
in the Congress of the United States, it was not
in the form in which it now is. Has she felt her-
self compelled to submit in order to meet the ideas
of Congress in favor of land speculators? Why,
sir, she has had to submit to this, and to have her
bill changed in its form; and now, in place of giv-
ing the lands to the States by which and out of
which and upon which as a basis the States should
erect their own lunatic asylums, she has had to
consent that they may take scrip, land warrants
to be thrown into the market and go into the
hands of some other land-sharks. Is the proposi-
tion to take lands and build asylums? No, sir;
but to issue a depreciated paper currency by means
of which the States are to obtain the money with
which to endow their asylums. This noble bill
has had to undergo this change in order to meet
the views of members of the Senate and House
of Representatives in favor of their policy with
regard to land speculation. This bill and this
lady have had to submit to this, so that a meas-
ure pretendedly for the benefit of the insane, cu-
rable and incurable, has been converted into
nothing more or less than another of the batch of
bills providing for the use of land warrants.
Sir, it would seem that the only guardianship
which the Congress of the United State* had pe-
culiarly reserved for itself was the guardianship
of land speculators, and that to afford them the
greatest facilities for carrying out their purposes,
we will issue a peculiar currency to these gentle-
men, one which they can have at their own price,
that they may be enabled through it as a medium,
to obtain a large amount of the public lands.
That is this bill. It does seem to me that it is
time for the Senate to look to it, and inquire what
it is doing. I know that there are Senators in this
Chamber whose ordinary pursuits of life are but
the manifestations and outpourings of honesty and
70
honor, and who yet are influenced by speculators
and capitalists. One I would refer to in particu-
lar; the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Under-
wood.] Sir, if there be a man on the face of the
earth whose moral honesty and correctness of
purpose I believe in, from my whole heart, it is
the Senator from Kentucky; yet while these are
my sentiments towards him, and I believe the sen-
timents of every member of the Senate, and while
they will bid him " good by," at a period a little
later in the morning, with regret that such a spirit
has left the Senate, yet unconsciously to himself—
I do not mean to charge anything wrong—he has
lent himself to the vilest land speculation that ever
disgraced this or any other country. I do not in-
tend to make any imputations as to his lack of
sagacity. But he has lived in the State of Ken-
tucky; he has lived in a State where there are no
public lands; a State which has suffered none of
the embarrassments which the land States have
had to suffer. He has not seen around him the
settler struggling from the day he struck his ax
into the first tree in the forest to acquire the means
of purchasing his preemption right, and buying
the land upon which he and his family live. He
lives in a country where large districts are owned
by one man. What has been long habit becomes
a second nature to us; therefore he cannot sym-
pathize with such sentiments as those expressed
the other day by the Senator from Illinois. It is
impossible that he can; and in my opinion, if he
could, he never would have been the efficient, en-
ergetic, and almost resistless agent of land specu-
lators, which it seems to me and to others that
he has been. I concede that nothing immoral,
nothing bad, was intended by him. But being as
it were, his second nature, the fact exists.
I have no doubt that those who entertain ideas
similar to those of the Senator from Kentucky,
will sympathize with this bill. And why ? Be-
cause it gives to the insane? No, sir. I can
point out many better plans for promoting the ben-
efit of the insane. But the reason is, because it
gives lands to die old States, or gives them a de-
preciated paper currency in the nature of land
warrants with which to build asylums, and by
which some of the old States will be enabled to
get the public lands in large quantities; or if not
the States, the speculators who may obtain their
warrants. I said that I could give a much better
plan for insane asylums than this bill proposes.
I So I could; but I am not engaged in a lecture as
| to the best method of establishing insane asylums,
| and therefor* I shall not gp into the details of
my plan on this subject. BtrtVwill say that, in
I ■ my opinion, this is about the worst plan that could
! be adopted; and while the gentlemen who support
| the bill think they are doing a benefit to the in-
I sane, they are doing a very serious injury to that
I portion of the community who have an interest
' in the homestead bill, and consequently an inter-
est adverse to this extensive aggregation of lands
' by the wealthy.
But, sir, what fate has the homestead proposi-
tion met here ? Not content with the batch of land
warrants provided for in Miss Dix's bill, we have
the noble efforts of the Senator from Pennsylvania
l [Mr. Brodhead] to ingraft at the other end of it
a provision to issue still more land warrants, and
1 to give a land warrant for one hundred and sixty
I acres of land to every one who has heretofore re-
1 ceived a forty-acre or an eighty-acre land warrant.
Miss Dix's bill begins with a provision for a batch
' of land warrants, and at the other end of it*5s the
Senator from Pennsylvania with his batch. Here,
' then, we have the poor homestead put between
two presses to squeeze out land warrants for the
benefit of land speculators. It is between the
upper and nether mill-stone. In trying to carry
out the feelings of a noble lady in her efforts for
the insane, you convert her philanthropic purposes
into a scheme to issue your miserable land war-
rants; and when the homestead for the people is
offered as an amendment to that, it cannot be per-
mitted to go upon it quietly and peacefully. We
cannot have a proposition for the benefit of the
poor who are not insane without having the meas-
ure of the Senator from Pennsylvania moved as
an amendment to it to issue still more land war-
rants. If the people will submit to this, be it so;
I care nothing about it, personally. The proba-
bility is that I have, by a good constitution and
the help of Almighty God, got enough to take me
quietly and comfortably through life, and perhaps
leave a competency to my wife and little ones, if I
precede them to the grave. It is not, therefore,
of very much importance to me personally; but
when I am gone, when the Senator from Kentucky
shall be gone, not only from this Chamber, but
from the wide arena of mankind, there will be left
more than there are now who will be asking why
was it, when this country owned this vast extent
of public land, it did not make some provision for
those situated in destitute circumstances, when
there are thousands, and hundreds of thousands,
and millions who have no home ? That question
will be asked when these people have to submit
to landlords to receive the bread of life as they
may dictate. This will be the inquiry. That
day may not be while you and I, sir, live. I think
it probable that it will not be. We have a vast
extent of country. There is still a vast outlet for
the surplus population of this and many other
countries, if they were here.
But I look upon this country as one which,
from the nature of its institutions, must long con-
j tinue in its present form of government, and
I as one, from its natural fertility, from its nat-
ural resources, will rapidly populate. We shall
soon have a redundant population; and when that
time comes, your Government must be strength-
ened, or you will have scenes here such as were
1 never witnessed anywhere else; and when you
shall have strengthened it, you must do so to an
t extent incompatible with the existence of the
I present system of government, and then this will
! no longer be the Republic of the United States.
It will no longer be a confederation of free and
independent States, represented by the voice of
the people, as we now see it represented, or mis-
represented; but it will be a consolidated Govern-
ment. It will be strong enough to coerce num-
bers, and that, too, with the power of the few
backed by wealth, keeping back the multitudes.
If I could, I would not live to see that day, and
I shall not. I only speak of it as a probability.
I speak of it as a lover of my country, as one
wishing its perpetuity. I wish that its institutions
may be perpetuated. I wish them to be happily
perpetuated. But such is the condition of things
now, that this homestead measure is to be crushed
between two others, which, if not designed, have
the effect of promoting speculation in the public
lands of the United States. I am sorry that it is
so. I wish that we could have obtained a vote
upon this proposition as an independent one, be-
fore this Congress should have come to a close.
I wish that its principles might have had a fair
opportunity to be tested, so that when Senators
here return to their homes, the approbation or
censure of their constituents might be passed upon
their conduct, in order that the people, in passing
upon this subject in their elections at home, might
have spoken still more definitely than they have
heretofore spoken. But, sir, we cannot get that
here.
There will be many candidates before the coun-
try for seats in the next Congress, and the one
after that; and when the members now here ap-
pear before the people, they will say they were
for the homestead bill, and that if they did not vote
for the homestead bill, it was because an oppor-
tunity did not offer; but just elect us again, and
we will be faithful. When they come, however,
the result will be as before. The people will be
neglected, as they ever have been, unless they
shall be of that class who can get admittance into
that circle which surrounds this Chamber, or such
as can gain admittance in consequence of their
wealth, or at least those who can get within the
Capitol, or within the limits of the city of Wash-
ington; and there bring other influences to bear
through the agency of hirelings. Yes, sir, they will
come here after having made all these fair promises
