1106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
to the people, and when they are no longer within
the reach of their former friends, their mechanic
friends, and when they no longer see the familiar
faces of home—mark my words—they will forget
those people; they will He brought under new in-
fluence; excited by new feelings, new ambitions,
new purposes, new aims, and new ends; and they
will act up to ther... kwill not be until the «re-
Yolvi" of the p ilitical heavens has sent them
home again to reject upon what they have done,
that they will be induced to think of it.
When this process shall have gone on a little
longer, men may learn that they had better not
reject here what they think very good at home;
that they had better come here representing their
constituency and to earry out the wishes of that
constituency. 1 think the time will come ere long
when it will be done. I know that it is a difficult
matter for the people advocating such a measure
as the homestead bill to receive a proper hearing,
or to make their proper impression. They do not
command the wealth to enable them to do so.
They can be heard only through the medium of
the petitions which are introduced; and thousands
of them have been introduced. And what becomes
of them when they are introduced? They are re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands. Per-
haps there is a majority of that committee against
them, and but a minority in favor of them. The
petitions are reported against, and they are laid
upon the table, and the report accompanying them
is printed and goes to the constituency, there to
be passed upon. Perhaps a strong and able speech
is made in support of that report. The people
read the repot t, and also the speech and the answer
to it, and make up their minds upon it; and the
reporter is gone!
We have had one instance of this kind in a
member of the Committee on Public Lands, who
will leave us to-morrow with the regret of every
Senator in this Chamber. He was a useful, g.
laborious man, in whom we had all confidence;
but when the people came to think about a sub-
ject of this kind by the slow process I have men-
tioned, they will make themselves heard, and if not
heard, they will make themselves felt. Not only
have they done that, but they have spoken in an-
other direction; and it was through their repre-
sentatives in the State Legislature, instructing the
Senators who are to come and take those seats
that they must vote for the homestead bill. We
have had laid before us the instructions of the
Michigan Legislature.
ft is a strange fact, but nevertheless true, that even
my Legislature, the Legislature of Wisconsin, has
so far advanced in its ideas upon this subject that
it seems to distrust me in regard to the homestead
bill, and has sent me instructions to support it.
When 1 commenced the agitation in favor of
this bill, what was the fate 1 met with at home?
The papers denounced me. I scarcely knew which
way to turn without denunciation. I advocated
my doctrines at home and here, and I had to un-
dergo a great deal of harassment. The friends
who stood by me were on that ground denounced,
and at first they were defeated for those offices for
which they were candidates, on the ground that
they were friends to the homestead bill; and at last
this doctrine has progressed so far, and they are
so far advanced in the homestead measure that
they have not only come up but got a little ahead
of me, and have sent me instructions to support it.
I have been denounced for many things at home,
but in regard to all of them the people have be-
come satisfied that they were mistaken as to my
course when it was explained to them. This is
one of those things in which progress has been
made, even in Wisconsin.
Why, sir, the other day the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Chase] mentioned that his State was the first
the,UTnj°n that had spoken on this subject.
I hough I had not been instructed before this win-
ter in regard to it, the doctrine had made sufficient
progress to justify the introduction of abstract res-
olutions with regard to it into the Wisconsin Legis-
lature, some three or four years ago, and they have
come fully up to the homestead doctrine. I am
glad of it—I am proud of it—and I think the more
of Wisconsin because of it. She contains people
who can feel on this subject, if any people in the
world can. Land speculation has entered into her
borders. It will enter there still, if facilities for
the manufacture of land warrants are increased
and specuI«£ors are thus enabled to buy them and
monopoli7.e the lands in large quantities. The
people there cannot get land warrants very readily.
When a man there proposes to purchase a land
warrant, and wishes to locate upon it himself, the
answer he gets is, "We have no land warrants to
sell, but we will locate the land for you, and give
you a year's credit, take a mortgage upon your
farm and implements, and at the end of twelve
months you can pay the two hundred dollars, and
twelve per cmt. added, and you can have your
deed." It is the last extremity, the preemption is
about to expire; the settler cannot get the money,
and he must have the land. He knows another
person is standing ready to buy the land, notwith-
standing his improvements, and consequently he
had to give in to the proposition of the holder of
the land warrant, with the hope that at the expira-
tion of the year he will pay for the land with the
twelve per cent, added; and sometimes twenty-five
per cent, in'erest was the bargain. The land
would be located in the name of the holder of the
warrant. The occupant would give his mortgage,
and would struggle hard to try to get the money
at the end of the year; but when the time came
round, sickness perhaps had prevented his obtain-
ing the means to pay, and the mortgage was fore-
closed with the accumulated interest upon it, and,
at last, after all his struggles, he was turned out
of house and home, and his family ruined, when
his improvements were worth perhaps four times
as much as the land warrant if he had obtained it
at par, and his farm and improvements go into the
hands of him who buys it at the mortgage sale.
In this way we have had to struggle along, and
the people of Wisconsin, the people of Illinois, and
the population of the whole Northwestern Terri-
tory, have had opportunities to know how this
works, and—mark my words, and believe them
too—they are most emphatically averse to your
whole system. Who are they that are averse to
it? Just such men as they who receive this treat-
ment. They are not, as I before remarked, per-
sons who are enabled to visit Washington city,
and pay §10 or $15 per week for their board. They
are only to be heard by writing their quiet letters
to their representatives, and sending their quiet
petitions here; and I have frequently thought that
when one of these men signed a petition, with five
hundred, or six hundred, or one thousand others;
he thought when he signed his name " it cannot
be possible that Congress will resist that petition.
They must be satisfied that this measure is right,
and that we demand it in earnest." Little do they
know how that petition is treated when it comes
here. They little think it is buried in that com-
mittee room up in the third story of this Capitol.
These are the kind of people who petition on this
i subject, and who have no other means of being
1 heard. But I will not detain the Senate.
Mr. BROOH EA D. The course of argument of
my friend from Wisconsin has done me some injus-
tice. He has spoSfen of petitions from Pennsyl-
vania in favor of the homestead bill. 1 beg to in-
form him that, in my opinion, there have been ten
men from Pennsylvania who have petitioned in
favor of the bill which I had the honor to offer as
an amendment this evening, to one who has peti-
tioned for the homestead bill. So much for that
point.
Now I beg leave to inform the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, and the Senate, that I am a
better friend to the homestead doctrine than he is,
and I will prove it. I am in favor of graduating
and reducing the price of the public lands, and
that arrives at the same object which the Senator
has in view, but in a more systematic way. I do
not break up our land system by doing it. The
object of the honorable Senator is to give cheap
homes to the poor people. Do I not accomplish
it by my project? At the last session, when one
of these railroad bills granting lands to railroad
corporations was up, I offered as an amendment
to it a proposition graduating and reducing the
price of the public lands, but the Senator from
Wisconsin did not accede to it. These lands
went into the hands of corporations at that time,
and the honorable Senator voted for those bills.
1 contend that the land system must support itself,
and I am willing to give the lands tothe poorpeo-
ple at the same price which they cost the Govern-
ment. That is the point.
Mr. BADGER. The pending amendment to
this bill is, as I understand it, in the words of the
Senator from Wisconsin, to give land to the land-
less. I think it is a proposition of the most dan-
gerous tendency, and founded upon the most erro-
neous principles; and although I believe, were a
vote now taken, it would probably receive the
sanction of the Senate, 1 feel it to be my duty to
myself and to the constituency which I represent,
to protest earnestly against it.
[A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that it had agreed to
some, and disagreed to others of the amendments
of the Senate to the bill of the Hotrse rnakrng Ap-
propriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of thp Indian Department; and for fulfilling'
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes for
the year ending June 30, 1854.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, it was
Ordered, That the Senate insist upon its amendments
disagreed to by the Hou«e, and ask a conference, and that
the committee be appointed by the President pro tempore.3
Mr. WELLER. My friend from Wisconsin
seems to felicitate himself upon the prospect of
bringing to a successful accomplishment his great
project of giving to every man in the country the
J undisturbed enjoyment of one hundred and sixty-
acres of public land; and he says that unless we
do this, those men who are now clamoring for
1 bread will soon cry for blood. I want to avoid
that cry, and to be out of the way when it is
made. I.might be able to stand a demand on the
public Treasury, or on the public land, in order
to satisfy them; but when they demand blood, I
would rather be in some snug place. [Laughter.}
I was somewhat amused at the Senator from
Pennsylvania, who claims that he is more the
friend of the poor man than the Senator from
Wisconsin. There seems to be a rivalry between
them. The Senator from Pennsylvania says,
" Did T not propose an amendment to graduate "the
price of the public lands? and to reduce them, so
as to enable the poor man to obtain a farm on the
payment of a very small sum of money?" The
Senator should have remembered the story which
was told of the Irishman, who, when he came to
America, found that the potatoes were twenty-five
cents a bushel. Said he, " I could get them in
Ireland for sixpence a bushel." An American
said to him, "Then why didn't you stay there?"
" Ah, but," said he, "the thing was to get the
sixpence." [Laughter.] So it is in this case.
The Senator from Wisconsin proposes to give the
poor man land; and the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania wishes to give it to them for a very small
price. I am not anxious to be speaking at this
hour of the night, or rather morning, and there-
fore I will yield the floor to the Senator from Ken-
tucky, who, I understand, has a few remarks to
make on the subject.
Mr. UNDERWOOD addressed the Senate in a
speech, which will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. BADGER. I move, that the bill do lie
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The Committee to Audit
and ControltheContingentExpenses of theSenate,
to which was referred the resolution in reference
to granting extra allowance to clerks and other
employees of the Senate, has directed me to report
it back with an amendment. It is to strike out all
after the word " Resolved,"and insert:
That there he paid, under the direction of the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expense.® of the Senate,
to the employees of the Senate and other persons, including
the public gardener, and the laborers iti the Library and the
center building, the sums that were affowetf them respect-
ively at the fast session ; and to the folders and other tem-
porary employees, a pro lata for the time they were em-
ployed.
Mr. WELLER. Does that include the report-
ers ?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Itdoes. Theyareupon
the last list.
Mr. WELLER. If it did not embrace them, I
would not vote for it.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The construction is
that it embraces them.
Mr. WALKER. I move to strikeout that part
of the resolution making the allowance to the
folders who have been employed temporarily, pro
rata.
Mr. WELLER. I will undoubtedly vote for
that, if the Senator will give a good reason for it;
but it may trouble him to do so.
Mr. WALKER. If that is stricken out, it will
conform to the resolution o-f the last session.
