1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1107
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. It ought not to be
stricken out. Some of these folders have not been
employed more than five or six days during the
present session, and therefore they should not re-
ceive the full allowance. 1 am the last person who
would do injustice to the folders.
Mr. WALKER. I withdraw the motion.
The resolution was then agreed to.
REGISTER TO VESSELS.
Mr. II AM LI X. The Senate passed a bill
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to grant
a register to certain vessels. The House amended
it liy nut homing the Secretary of the Treasury also
to change the name of the Roger Williams to El
Paraguay. The reason for changing the name of
that vessel was. that it was a steamer going to
South America, and it was deemed advisable to
have a Spanish name. It came back here, and I
moved an amendment to it adding another section
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
a register to another vessel. It was returned to
the House, and I learn that it is utterly impossi-
ble to reach it there. I therefore move that a mes-
sage be sent to the House requesting them to re-
turn the bill, so that we may pass it as it came
from the House without amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
SUSPENSION OF A RULE.
Mr. DAVIS. There is a resolution on the table
which has come from the House merely to sus-
pend the rules. I move that it be taken up and i
acted upon. !
The resolution was as follows: j
'■ Resolccif, (with the concurrence of the Senate,) That ■
th<- lrtth joint rule of the two House be suspended for the
prestrit session, so far as relates to thi; hill of the House
Xo. 3tW, entitled 'An act lor the relief of Robert Gibson.'"
Mr. ADAMS. That rule has already been
suspended with regard to all bills.
The resolution was agreed to.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I am directed by the mana-
gers on the part of the Senate on the Committee
of Conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill, to report that the two committees could not
agree.
Mr. WELLER. I should like to inquire of
the chairman what were the points of dilference
between the two Houses, in order that we may
be enabled to determine whether there is a possi-
bility of settling the question.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not suppose it is proper
for me to report what passed in the conference.
If the Senator desires to know my individual
opinion as to the prospect of a settlement, I will
say that 1 believe if the Senate were to recede
from its amendment in relation to salaries of the (
Heads of the Departments, there would be an
agreement in regard to other matters. '
Mr. WELLER. If, then, it be in order, I
would move that the Committee of Conference be
instructed to recede from that amendment. I voted
for it myself. There is no man upon this floor
who sustained it with more sincerity than I did,
for I think it was necessary to increase the com-
pensation of the Cabinet officers; but I am unwill- |
mg that that point alone should defeat the whole
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill; and if that
be the point in dispute, I move, if it is in order,
that the Committee of Conference on the part of
the Senate be instructed to recede from that amend-
ment. I ask the Chair to decide whether the mo-
tion is in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.^ The Chair does not feel author-
ized to rule it out of order.
Mr. RUSK. My opinion is, that if we had
maintained our ground on the report of the former
Committee of Conference, the thing would have
been settled in half an hour. But, sir, I feel that
it is improper to embarrass the chairman of the ,
Committee on Finance now. We have labored !
him very nearly to death. He has met with
blame on all sides, but he has labored harder than
any man in the Senate for the purpose of accom-
modating these matters and getting them brought
to a proper termination. My own opinion is, that
if we had declined the second conference at first,
all would have been right.
Mr. WALKER. I am inclined to think that
the motion of the Senator from California is not
known to any parliamentary proceeding.
' Mr. HUNTER. Perhaps it would be better
for us to go on with other matters until we see
what the House will do.
Mr. WALKER. I was going to remark that,
in my opinion, the motion is not one known to
parliamentary proceedings. Further: it looks as
though the Senate was really acting in hot haste
in this matter. The chairman has reported ver-
bally that the two committees cannot agree. They
have separated. The members of the conference
on the part of the House have returned to the
House. If we should take this hot haste, and
agree to tne motion to instruct the committee
which has already separated to recede from the
amendment, I do not believe it will be according
to any parliamentary proceeding. If we attempt
to recede, let us do it ourselves; but I think even
that would be hasty, avid therefore we had better
wait until we know what the House is going to
do. We were too hasty before upon the other ap-
propriation bills. I think it will be well for us to
go on with other matters until we have a reason-
able time to hear from the House.
Mr. BELL. I rise to a question of order. Is
the subject before the Senate? The bill is not
here. We can neither recede, insist, adhere, nor
give any instruction. I will not agree to accede
to any such proposition; but we cannot move at
all until we have the bill before us.
Mr. BRIGHT. I rise to a point of order.
There is no committee to be instructed. The com-
mittee is of course discharged, and cannot be in-
structed.
Mr. DAVIS. The only mode is to wait until
we hear from the House.
HARLOW SPAULDING.
Mr. BRADBURY. I have an appeal to make
to the Senate. It will be recollected that I at-
tempted, about a week ago, to get up a private
bill. It was under consideration, and the Senate
adjourned upon it. If it had not adjourned the
bill would have passed in one moment. It is a
bill for the relief of Harlow Spaulding. I move
that the Senate proceed to its consideration.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill. It proposes to direct the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay him the usual com-
pensation of pursers for the time he acted in that
capacity, after deducting the amount received by
him for his services as clerk.
Mr. WELLER. 1 do not like to object to that,
but when it was up before, theSenator from New j
Hampshire said he desired to discuss it. [
The bill was reported to the Senate without J
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, and j
was read a third time, and passed. |
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL,
i A message was received from the House of
RepresentattTes, by Mr. Hiru, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that it insisted on its disagreement to
•the amendment of the Senate to House bill No.
366", entitled " A bill makingappropriations forthe
'current and contingent expenses of the Indian
1 Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
' with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
' June 30, 1854," and had agreed to a Comitteeof
Conference, and appointed Mr. Dunham, Mr.
Briggs, and Mr. Preston King, managers on its
part.
THE LATE PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
Mr. BORLAND. I submit the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the difference between the pay of Vice
President and the amount received by the Hon. William
R. King, for mileage and per diem compensation as Senator
and additional pay as President pro tempore, from the 11th
of July, 1850, to the 20th of December, 1852, be paid from
the contingent fund of the Senate.
I will simply remark that that is an exact copy
of the resolution which was formerly passed in
the case of the honorable Senator from North
Carolina, [Mr. Mangum.]
Mr. BADGER. It is all right.
The resolution was considered, and unanimously
agreed to.
S. MORRIS WALN.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con- j
sider the bill from the House of Representatives i
for the relief of S. Morris Wain. It proposes to [
direct the Secretary of the Treasury to pay S. [
Morris Wain, who survived Henry Percival, late |
| in partnership with him, the amount of duties
I paid on various casks of wine in June, 1833, which
' were destroyed by fire in Philadelphia, while in store
in the custom-house; provided that the Secretary
be turnished with satisfactory proof that thegoods
were so destroyed by fire and were not insured.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, read
a third time, and passed.
CORNELIUS HUGHES.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, the
Senate, as in Committee of the W^hole, proceeded
to consider the bill from the House of Represent-
atives forthe relief of Cornelius Hughes, of Ten-
nessee. It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Interior to place his name on the roll of invalid
pensioners, and that he be paid a pension of $5 33
per month from the 1st of February, 1848, to
continue during his life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, read
a third time, and passed.
JOSEPH T. JOHNSTON.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill from the House of Representatives for the
relief of Joseph Johnston, approved May 4, 1852,
by correcting a clerical error. It proposes to in-
sert the letter " t" in the name of Johnston, which
had been omitted in a former bill, so that he may
enjoy the benefit of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, read
I a third time, and passed.
j| PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
unanimously agreed to:
Hetolved, That the thanks of the Senate be tendered to
the Hon. David R. Atchison for the dignity and impar-
tiality with which he has discharged the duties of the Chair.
NATHAN H. DARLING.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill from the House of Representatives forthe
relief of Nathan H. Darling. It proposes to di-
rect the Secretary of the Interior to place the name
of Nathan H. Darling, of Lake county, Illinois,
on the roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, to commence April 5,
1852, and continue during his life.
J The bill was reported to the Senate without
j amendment, ordered to be read a third time, read
j a third time, and passed,
j GILMAN SMITH.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill from the House of Representatives " for
the relief ofGilman Smith.'* It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Interior to place his name on
the roll of pensioners at the rate of eight dollars
per month, from the 1st of January, 1852, to con-
tinue during his life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered 16 be read a third time, read
a third time, and passed.
JOHN KERBAUGH.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill from the House of Representatives for the
relief of John Kerbaugh. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
John Kerbaugh, of the State, of Tennessee, on the
roll of invalid pensioners, and to allow him a pen-
sion of $5 33 per month, from the first of January,
to continue during his life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, read
third time, and passed.
JOHN HUFFINGTON.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the bill for the relief of John
Huffington, has directed me to report itbackwith
the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. PETT1T. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of that bill now
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to John Huffington the sum of
$2,000, for the loss of a schooner sunk in 1822
