1853.
Serjeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper. This resolu-
tion, relatinsr only to the last session, puts those
two officers precisely where the others are.
Mr. WELLER. Let us hear the resolution
rend.
It was accordingly read.
Mr. WELLER. I was not in the Senate at
the time the vote was taken. All I desired to know
was why these officers were not placed upon the
same footing as others. I do not know that they
have discharged their duties with greater fidelity
than the others. Therefore I was anxious to know
why the discrimination was made. If the only
e*Tei't of the resolution is to place them on the
same footing with other officers of the Senate, I
have 11.> objection. If it had been otherwise I
shnuM have acted otherwise. As my friend from
Maine is just going out of the Senate, I did not
know but that there might be something else in
the resolution.
Mr. BRADBURY. I will state that I was in
the chair when the resolution was offered in re-
sard to extra compensation, and these two officers
having been left out at the last session, 1 did not
desire that an invidious distinction should be made.
I think that it was but an act of justice to do this
for them. I will say to the Senator from California,
t hat my object here is to do justice, and not to suf-
fer inequalities to exist, and I never let my feelings
go so tar as to permit anything of the kind.
Mr. WELLER. The personal explanation
which the Senator makes is entirely satisfactory.
I withd law my motion.
JOHN OZIAS.
Mr. BORLAND. I have a bill from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, for the relief of John
Ozias. It is a House bill.
Mr. WELLER. If my friend will allow me,
I will state that when I was a member of the House
of Representatives, a long time ago, that man was
a constituent of mine. I had something to do with
the reporting of a bill for him. He had paid money
for some land which was not subject to entry at
the time, and he has labored for fifteen years to get
back the money. The Government of course pays
no interest, and in that respect does what no honest
man would dare to do, for he would be turned out
of decent society if he did. This bill ought to have
passed long ago.
Mr. BRADBURY. I suppose I may ask the
honorable Senator if he has any sinister motive in
this ■
Mr. WELLER. Not at all. The Senator for-
gets the fact that I now come from California.
Then I was from the State of Ohio. He may not
have read the newspapers lately, or he may have
forgotten the fact that California was not then a
part of the American Union. That news may not
have got into Maine yet. [Laughter.)
The motion to take up the but was agreed to;
and the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider it. It proposes to authorize
the Treasurer of the United States to pay to John
Ozias $200, being the amount paid by him on the
31st of October, 1835, for a quarter section of land
which the Government had sold to another person.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
CORNELIUS COVERT.
On motion by Mr. FELCH, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill from the House of Representatives for the
relief of Cornelius Covert, of Michigan. It pro-
poses to direct the Postmaster General to pay him
out of the revenues of the Post Office Department,
S3% per annum, for the transportation of the mail
on route No. 377T, instead of $219, for and during
the term of the contract made and entered into in
year 1850.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM J. PRICE.
Mr. FELCH. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, to which was referred the
bill from the House of Representatives for the re-
lief of William J. Price, to report it back with
the recommendation that it pass. I move that it
be taken up for consideration now.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1109
the bill. It proposes to confirnAVilliam J. Price
in his title to a certain tract of land situated in the
county of Johnson, State of Alabama, in what is
called William Jones's reservation, it being the
place first settled by William Jones, and on his
death transferred by his widow and heirs-at-
law to William Price; provided that it shall be
considered only as a relinquishment on the part
of the United States, and shall not affect the rights
of any minor heirs, or the heir of any other per-
son.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
SCHOOL LANDS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. FELCH. I now ask leave to take up the
bill from the House of Representatives to appro-
priate lands for the support of schools in certain
townships and fractional townships in the Terri-
tory of Minnesota, not before provided for. It
is only to enable the territorial authorities to se-
lect lands which are deficient before the best lands
are taken up. It is important to have it done
shortly, on account of the rapidity with which
lands are being taken up.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the con-
posed . The object of the committee is not by anv
means to protract its labors.
Mr. BADGER. I think I can make a sugges-
j tion which will relieve our difficulty. Let the
committee be continued until the end of the extra
session; and if it should be necessary, it can be
continued after that by another resolution.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I agree to that. I
move to amend the resolution so as to continue
the committee during the ensuing extra session.
1 he amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion as amended was adopted.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. 1 offer the following
resolution:
Resohed, That the: Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate copies of all instructions, re-
ports, or accompanying plans and estimates that have issued
trom or been made to that Department in executinffthe sur
veys of improvements of harbors and rivers, under the act
approved August 30, 1852, those instructions and reports to
include the directions distributing the duties between the
two corps of engineers, establishing tire two boards of en-
gineers, assigning the officers of the two corps to the several
works, establishing special commissions, calling for esti-
mates contributing the first plan and the reports of the local
engineers, the special commissions of the two boards of
engineers, and of the chiefs of the two boards, to the Sec-
retary of War, upon which the final instructions are based •
and also that copies of all such instructions issued durinir
tnp wnr ho tranomittn^  iL . _ . "
sideration of the bill. It proposes to direct that* The year KK To
when sections Nos. 16 and 36, or either of them, of the Secretary of War. 1
directed to be reserved for school purposes by the
18th section of the act approved March 3, 1849,
shall be found fractional in quantity, there shall
be reserved and appropriated other lands to make
up the deficiency in quantity; provided, that the
mode, manner, and quantity of the selected lands
shall be in conformity with the principle of the
act approved May 20, 1826, to appropriate lands
for the support of schools in certain townships
and fractional townships not before provided for.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
RELIEF OF HENRY MILLER.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill from the House of Representatives
for the relief of Henry Miller, a soldier in the war
of 1812. It proposes that his name be placed on
the roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate of $8 per
month from August 14,1847.
Mr. HAMLIN. That resolution simply pro-
vides that the Secretary shall communicate to the
Senate what he has done in expending the appro-
priation under the act of 1852; that he shall tell us
in what manner he proposes to carry out the
! works on which the expenditures are to be made,
I and how much it will take to complete them; so that
I we shall have in one volume what is proposed to
j be done, and can know all about it.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
TERRITORY OF NEW MEXICO.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move that the Senate take
up House bill to provide for additional clerks,
and extending the session of the Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of New Mexico.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill proposes to direct that the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory shall hereafter have
authority to employ one person as translator and
interpreter, and two clerks, in addition to the
The bill was reported to the Senate without number they are now authorized to employ, for
  • each House, during their session; that the ac-
counts and charges of said interoreter and trans-
lator shall be audited in the manner and upon the
principle provided for auditing the other accounts;
that of the four clerks to be employed in each
House of the Assembly, two shall be qualified to
write in the Spanish and two in the English Ian-
fuage; and that the Legislative Assembly shall
ereafter be authorized to continue their sessions
for a term not exceeding sixty days, instead of
forty days, as heretofore provided; and that the
Legislature shall cause to be paid to the commis-
sioner appointed to draft a code of laws such com-
pensation as may be just and reasonable, to be
paid out of the fund to defray the expenses of the
Territory.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, read
a third time, and passed.
SCHOONER UNION.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of the schooner
Union.
JASPAR A. MALTBY.
Mr. FELCH. The Committee on Public Lands
has directed me to report the bill from the House
of Representatives for the relief of Jaspar A.
Maltby. I move that the Senate proceed to its
consideration now.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to direct the Commissioner
of Pensions to issue to him a certificate for one
hundred and sixty acres of land, in conformity
with the provisions of the act of February 11,
1847, entitled "An act to raise, for a limited time,
an additional military force, and for other pur-
poses."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
COMMITTEE ON MEXICAN CLAIMS.
Mr. SOULE. The Committee on Mexican
Claims wishes to report as soon as the trial now
pending before the court in this District shall be
over. In order that it may do so, it becomes ne- j
cessary that the following resolution should be ;
passed by the Senate: j
Resolved, That the Select Committee on the memorials in
relation to the proceedings before the Commissioner of
Claims against Mexico be continued after the close of the .
present session of Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. Howlong?—through the extra
session, or through the summer?
Mr. SOULE. We want to report immediately !
after the trial is over. ,
Mr. HUNTER. Will that take beyond the
extra session of the Senate ?
Mr. SOULE. We hope not.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I move to confine the
operation of the resolution to the special session. :
Mr. SOULE. I will remark that it may not i
be in our power, on account of the protracted trial, j
to report precisely on the termination of our extra |
session; but we wish to report as soon as that trial j
is over. If jrou impose any limitation, you may i
defeat the object for which the committee was ap-
pointed.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I think it is wrong to
make that distinction in regard to committees.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not at all.
Mr. SOULE. I merely remark, that the object
is to enable the committee to report as soon as
there is no longer any obstruction in the way. It
may not be in our power to report precisely at the
day on which the extra session shall terminate,
because the contingency is beyond our control;
and therefore there will be no justice in imposing
on the committee, in whose name I have now the
honor of addressing the Senate, the limitation pro-
