1110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
WILLIAM H. WELLS.
Mr. FELCH. I am directed by the same com-
mittee, to report a bill of a similar character for
the relief of William H. Wells and others. I move
that it may be considered now.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to direct the Secretary of
the Interior to issue a land warrant for one hun-
dred and sixty acres to William H. Wells, Adam
Wells, and Sallie Wells, heirs-at-law of Lemuel
Wells, on any unappropriated lands of the United
States subject to private entry at $1 25 per acre,
which shall be in full compensation for all services
rendered by said Lemuel Wells as a soldier in the
war with Great Britain.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
SCHOOL LANDS IN INDIANA.
Mr. FELCH. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report a bill to indem-
nify the State of Indiana for the failure of a town-
ship of land granted to said State on her admis-
sion into the Union in 1816.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I will esteem
it a special favor if the Senate will proceed to the
immediate consideration of that bill. It involves
the perpetuity of one of the most valuable and
useful institutions of learning in the Great West-
ern Valley. An unexpected decision of the Su-
preme Court has stripped the Bloomington College
of all, or nearly all its means. That bill will re-
store it to strength and future usefulness. I say
to the Senate I will not tax them in this last hour
of the session with a speech; it is right; in the
broad sense of the word, I say it is right.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
Eroceeded to consider the bill; and no amendment
eing offered, it was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
TERRITORY OF NEW MEXICO.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill from the
House of Representatives authorizing the Gov-
ernor of the Territory of New Mexico to call an
extra session of the Legislative Assembly, should
the same be deemed necessary and expedient. It
is only to extend the power for one time and no
more. It is merely to enable them to fix up their
laws.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. No amer^nent being offered, it was re-
ported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
THOMAS AP CATESBY JONES.
Mr. GEYER. I am instructed by the Com-
mitteee on the Judiciary to make a report on the
memorial of Thomas Ap Catesby Jones, accom-
panied by a bill.
The report was ordered to be printed.
ELIAS P. WEST.
On motion by Mr. GEYER it was
Ordered, That Elias P. West have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers from the files of the Senate.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that it had agreed to
the recommendation of the report of the first Com-
mittee of Conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1854.
Also, that the House had passed a bill for the
relief of George Poindexter.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee of Conference on the naval appropriation bill
to report to the Senate that the committee met the
committee on the part of the House, and that they
have been unable to agree. I will state to the
Senate that the committee on the part of the Sen-
ate gave up nearly the whole of our amendments,
but we found that some points which we consid-
ered material, we were not authorized to give up;
and, therefore, there is a disagreement between
the two Houses. I submit this report from the
managers on the part of the Senate, and ask that
they be discharged.
Mr. BRODFIEAD. May I be permitted to
ask what the points of disagreement were ?
j Mr. GWIN. 1 do not feel myself authorized
to state them.
The committee was discharged.
Mr. BADGER. I move that the Senate adhere
to its amendments to the bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Can we not adhere to
some and recede from others? If we are to come
to any compromise with the House, had we not
better take that course ?
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from
North Carolina will move to insist instead of ad-
here.
Mr. BADGER. We have insisted already.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senate will take up
the bill by sections. We can agree to redede from
a great many of the amendments, and leave it to
the House to insist on or recede from the others.
Mr. BADGER. I make the motion to get the
sense of the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. There are certain of cJur amend-
ments which the committee of the Senate agreed
to recede from. I propose to ask the Senate to
recede from them; and then there are several upon
which the committees could not agree. We can
adhere to them, and ask another Committee of
Conference.
Mr. BADGER. I have no objection to doing
that. I withdraw my motion for that purpose. I
•do not want to take up the amendments separately,
and if the chairman will indicate the amendments
which the Committee of Conference were willing
to give up, I will have no objection to receding
from them.
Mr. GWIN. I now move that the Senate re-
i| cede from its second amendment.
| The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. There being no report made,
the Senate has not power to pursue this course.
The bill has already passed the Senate and gone
to the House, and they have passed it with cer-
tain amendments. We can agree to the amend-
ments of the House, but we cannot recede from
any of our amendments.
Mr. GWIN. I will move to reconsider the mo-
tion that was made to insist on the second amend-
ment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Is that necessary ?—Cannot
we recede now?
The PRESIDENT. The motion made by the
Senator to recede implies that the motion to insist
has been reconsidered.
Mr. GWIN. I now move that the Senate re-
1 cede from its 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, and
| 11th amendments. They are designed to make
the appropriations conform to the estimates. The
House cut the estimates down. The committee
' agreed that the bill, in this particular, should pass
|, with the estimates cut down. These amendments
j are all in relation to the various navy-yards.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate agree to
the amendment of the House to the twelfth amend-
ment of the Senate.
The amendment of the House was to add:
" Provided, That no part of the appropriation shall be
expended until the State of New York shall cede the juris-
diction over the navy yard to the United States, and until
the title to the same be settb d, excepting so much of the
appropriation as may be needed for completing the engine-
house, and for repairs of all kinds."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I now move that the Senate re-
cede from the 13th, 14th, 15th, 16th, 17th, 18th,
, 19th, 20th, and 21st amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I further move to recede from
our 28th and 29th amendments, and also the 42d,
i which is in relation to the organization of the
j Navy.
| The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I now move that the Senate recede
from its amendment in regard to Lieutenants
Herndon and Gibbon, of the United States Navy,
who were engaged in exploring the Amazon.
Mr. BELL. Upon what principle will this
" body reject such an appropriation?
| Mr. ADAMS. It is a private claim.
Mr. BELL. No, sir; these men wereemployed
by public authority; and every person who has
been employed in a similar service has been paid.
If you had seen one of these gentlemen, and heard
the narrative of their privations and adventures,
their hair-breadth escapes, and their exposures to
the climate, in an exploration extending three
thousand or four thousand miles in a country
which we are deeply interested in knowing some-
thing about, I should like to know upon what
principle the Senate would vote to recede from the
proposition to give them a sufficient compensation ?
I move to insist upon the amendment.
Mr. GWIN. I withdraw the motion to recede.
The motion to insist was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate recede
from its amendments granting additional compen-
sation to the officers, petty officers, and seamen
of the United States Navy, and officers, non-com-
missioned officers, musicians, and privates of the
Marine Corps, and the officers and men of the
Revenue Service who served in the Pacific, on the
coast of California and Mexico, during the late
war with Mexico.
Mr. BADGER. I was willing to go it blind,
and do whatever the committee did, and stand by
them, but really I do not like to recede from that
amendment.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senate adheres the House
will give way.
Mr. BADGER. I move that the Senate adhere
to its amendment. It is simply to put the ma-
rines on the same footing with the others who
were employed in our service.
The motion to adhere was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the Senate agree to
the House amendment to the Senate amendment
No. 38.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I now move that the Senate in-
sist upon its other amendments, and ask a com-
mittee of conference, and that the Chair appoint
the committee.
The motion was agreed to, and the same com-
mittee was reappointed.
GARDINER HERRING.
Mr. GEYER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Pensions to ask to be discharged from
the further consideration of the bill frbm the House
of Representatives for the relief of Gardiner Her-
ring.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHASE. I ask the Senate to take up that
bill and act upon it. It has passed the House, and
the only difficulty with the committee was, that
the statement of the soundness of Herring at the
time he entered the service was not sworn to. I
am informed, and believe, that a sworn statement
was filed and was mislaid. It is a very meritorious
case. The man is crippled and infirm and very
old. I hope the Senate will act upon it. My
friend from Missouri says he is satisfied with the
claim, and will vote for it.
i Mr. GEYER. When the subject was before
i the committee, the only evidence consisted of un-
sworn statements made by a number of persons
in relation to the state of his health prior to his
entering the service, together with several opin-
ions also expressed, and some of them sworn to.
I was instructed by the committee to ask to be
discharged, but upon further examination, I find
that the state of the health of the applicant before
he entered the service was sworn to by one wit-
ness. It was satisfactory to me. There has not
been a meeting of the committee since I ascer-
tained that fact. I am disposed to vote for the
bill.
Mr. ADAMS.
of this case 
Mr. CHASE.
Mr. ADAMS.
I know nothing of the merits
I am satisfied with it.
We referred the question to a
committee, and we take their report very much on
trust. That committee has failed to report favor-
ably upon the bill. Now, to take up a bill which
has not been reported favorably upon at this stage
of the session, it seems to me would be acting very
improperly.
Mr. BADGER. I think not. Here is my
friend from Missouri, the most accurate man in
the world, who says that on inquiry he finds there
is satisfactory evidence in the case.
Mr. ADAMS. That may be true, but the ma-
jority of the committee have not authorized him
to report it.
Mr. GEYER. I desire to state, for the inform-
ation of the Senator from Mississippi, that since
I discovered the evidence to which I allude, among
the papers, the committee has not had a meeting.
If the committee had had a meeting, I intended to
report upon it as a sub-committee, and report in
