1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I now make the motion
to recede from the 5th amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. The objection made cannot
apply to this. It was insisted upon by gentlemen
who wished to pay the money to the Shawnees
in the State of Ohio, that it belonged to that tribe
of Indians, and that the money belonged to them
per capita. The Government is not, I hope, going
here, in the discharge of the trust confided to it, to
hand over to the Shawnee chiefs the amount of
money in precious metals, because it would be
unsafe to trust that amount to them in traveling,
for they have not the same protection that the
white man has. If it were so given, and lost, the
Government would still be amenable to the nation,
who have a right to claim it per capita. They say
that it is inconvenient to pay in the manner pro-
posed; that some of the Shawnee chiefs objected to
it. Has the Government listened to the objection
made by the Indians as to any particular mode
in which they wish to treat them ? It is the first
time the voice of the Indian has been heard in
opposition to the power of this Government, un-
less with his rifle in his hand, and in his own i
savannas. It is the very first time that we have !
heard of it, and here it comes up all at once to !
interpose in the execution of some very important I
matter connected with the well-being of the Indian.
I will read the proviso to show that the objection
has no application, and that there is no objection
to it, unless it is for the purpose of sanctioning
fraud and imposition upon the Indians:
" Provided, That the sum aforesaid shall be paid to the
said tribe per capita. If any Indian agent, or other person
shall violate this proviso, he or they shall be guilty of felony,
and shall be liable to indictment inthe jurisdicuon in which
the Indians reside, and punishable by fine and imprisonment,
the fine not to be over $L,000, or less than $500, and to be
imprisoned not more than ten years or less than five."
This does not prevent the.Government paying
the Indians per capita. A law is in existence,
apart from this, requiring that from its passage all
appropriations made for the benefit of the Indians
should be paid per capita. There was a provision
oflaw, and how has it been regarded ? What do we
hearfromMinnesota? Six hundred and odd thou-
sand dollars were appropriated by Congress for
the benefit of the Indians there to repay them for
their lands, and provide for their sustentation for
the present winter and the coming season, as they
had to remove to another section of the country.
Now, this law was in existence, and yet the Sec-
retary of the Interior, regardless of it, because there
was no penalty affixed to its violation, sent that
money, and the Indians are now in a starving con-
dition, because the money has not been properly
appropriated. The man who found them in their
starving condition, and provided for them, received
not one cent, although his account was only
$12,000, with sufficient and good vouchers, while
the man who was their attorney here received some
fifteen per cent., amounting to some seventy-odd
thousand dollars of the appropriation. His name
was Tyler. Mr. Wat Tyler I think they call him.
He was their attorney, and came forward and said
he was entitled to the percentage.
Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator state when
that transaction took place ? Was it since the act
of-1852?
. Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir; it was within the
present year; within a few months past. I do not
know precisely when the act was passed.
Mr. PEARCE. It was August 30, 1852. I
want to know whether that took place Bince the
passage of the act ?
Mr. HOUSTON. It must have been since that
time, though I am not sure. Perhaps some gen-
tleman can give me information on that point. I
know it has been recently done, and there was no
penalty affixed to the act. It was not made a fel-
ony.
Mr. PEARCE. The act of 1852 provided that
all payments hereafter made to Indian tribes should
be paid per capita, with a few exceptions. First,
when the treaty stipulation required otherwise.
Second, when, in the opinion of the President of
theUnited States, imperious necessity required him
to depart from that restriction of law. It may be
that in the case to which the Senator alludes, there
was some treaty stipulation requiring it; but it is
very manifest that there is just the same restriction
upon the Executive, and the same security that
that provision would be respected by them in this
case, as in an ordinary case of taking money out
of the Treasury without the sanction of law.
Mr. BAYARD. I would suggestto the Senator
from Texas, that this bill is to go to the House
with the request on the part of the Senate for a
Committee of Conference.
Mr. BORLAND. To recede from this amend-
ment ?
Mr. BAYARD. Precisely; and to insist on
others;
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to insist on this pro-
viso; and I do it through respect to the Senate and
for the honor of the Government. I do it for the
sake of the Indians; and above that, I do it in
honor of the eternal principles of justice and
truth and honesty. We can rescue the Indians
from the cupidity of the wretches who congregate
around them like loathsome birds seeking for offal.
If a transaction of this character had taken place
within the limits of any State or Territory, and
the same outrage had been perpetrated upon an
individual, and the penal laws of the country had
been brought to operate upon the person who
swindled him out of this amount, or robbed him,
the swindler would have have been put in the pil-
lory, attached to the whipping-post, or consigned
to the walls of the penitentiary. If we are determ-
ined to correct the abuses that exist in our land,
and assist these people who look to us for help,
^ and cry for justice and right, we have now the op-
] portunity of insisting upon it; and I would sink
| beneath the foundation of this Capitol sooner than
sanction such an imputation as that I had not list-
ened to their voice of complaint, when calling for
justice.
Mr. BAYARD. I trust my friend from Texas
will withdraw his opposition. The object which
he wishes to attain can be reached by a separate
bill. If we do not recede from that amendment,
we shall probably lose the bill. This provision
only applies to a single case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on receding from the
fifth amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was just going to state that
the other act was a mandatory act, but there was
no felony declared nor penalty attached; it was
merely mandatory. That was all, and there it
ceases.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senatorfrom Delaware
suggests that it is not right to attach these penal-
ties to an appropriation bill, and that the case can
be reached by a separate bill. Now, the Senator
must see that the very object of attaching the pen-
alty to the appropriation bill is to provide against
the misappropriation of the money in this case;
and if the penalty is not attached here, the outrage
may be perpetrated before the law can be passed
providing for its punishment. The object is to
send the penalty along with the appropriation, so
as to protect it, and make sure that the money
goes into the hands of those for whose benefit we
appropriate it.
Mr. HUNTER. Unless we place some confi-
dence in the Committee of Conference, we cannot
get along. It is now a quarter-past six o'clock
in the morning.
Mr. RUSK. Did I understand the Senator
from Maryland to say that the law of the 30th
August, 1852, was mandatory on the President
and Secretary of State to pay out the money per
capita ?
Mr. PEARCE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I merely wish to say that
the whole of the argument of my colleague and
of the Senator from Texas may be correct. But
the question is, how much the Senate will recede
from to obtain much from the House. That is the
question which is presented.
The question was taken on the motion to recede,
and no quorum voted.
Mr. PEARCE. I believe it was decided this
morning to be in order to speak when there was
not a quorum present. I desire to call the attention
of the Senator from Texas to a provision already
in the Indian appropriation bill, which is not the
subject of disagreement. The third section of this
very bill contains this provision:
" That no part of the appropriation herein made, or that
may hereafter be made, for the benefit of any Indian, or
tribe, or part of a tribe of Indians, shall be paid to any attor-
ney or agent of such Indian or tribe, or part of a tribe, but
shall in every case be paid directly to the Indian or Indians
themselves, to whom it shall be due, or to the tribe or part
of a tribe, per capita, unless the imperious interest of the
Indian or Indians, or some treaty stipulation, shall require
the payment to be made otherwise, under the special direc-
tion of the President. Nor shall the Executive branch of
the Government, now or hereafter, recognize any contract
between any Indian or tribe, or part of a tribe, and any
attorney or agent for the prosecution of any claim against
any of the Departments of the Government."
Mr. HOUSTON. Does it provide for either
whipping or branding ?
Mr. PEARCE. It does not; nor for burning
alive, nor for breaking on the wheel.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then it ought to provide for
all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Arkansas insist on a division ?
Mr. BORLAND. If the Senator from Texas
says he is satisfied, I shall not persist in my op-
position. But I must say, that for my life I can-
not understand why there should be any objection
to imposing a penalty for so grave a crime as the
misapplication of the appropriation would be.
Mr. HOUSTON. In the hope that the swarm
of flies are pretty well filled, and will leave the fox
but little, I withdraw my opposition
The motion to recede from the fifth amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I now move that the Sen-
ate insist upon the sixth and ninth amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move that the Senate
ask another Committee of Conference.
Mr. BORLAND. I thought the reason urged
for receding in the other case was, that the bill
j might pass. Now, there is a proposition to in-
I sist on other amendments. It is not carrying out
the purpose which was stated.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 stated that the object of
receding was in order to bring out the points of
difference upon which the committee on the part
of the Housegave their assurance that thei1 Would,
on their own responsibility, recommend the adop-
tion of our amendment upon which they could not
agree. It was believed that in this way the diffi-
culty might be removed, and the only points of
difference between the two Houses would be ac-
ceded to by the House.
The motion to appoint a Committee of Confer-
ence was agreed to, and the former committee was
reappointed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Hates, Chief Clerk, announ-
cing that the House had agreed to a second Com-
i mittee of Conference upon the naval appropriation
I bill; and that Mr. Stanly, Mr. A. Johnson, and
Mr. J. G. Jones, were appointed the committee
on the part of the House; and that the House of
Representatives had passed the joint resolution,
No. 79, " in amendment of a joint resolution re-
lating to the duties of inspectors of steamers, ap-
proved 7th January, 1853," with an amendment,
in which it asked the concurrence of the Senate.
STEAMBOAT INSPECTORS.
Mr. JAMES. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to take from the table the joint resolu-
tion in amendment of a joint resolution relating to
the duties of the inspectors of steamers, approved
7th January, 1853. The House has passed it with
an amendment.
Mr. BORLAND. That is an important joint
resolution. I do not wish to delay the Senate;
but I wish to know the effect of the amendment.
!; Mr. HAMLIN. The law provided that a cer-
|! tain kind of iron should be used for steam boilers,
j j And this provides for the inspection between this
i| time and tne 1st of July, when the act is to go into
effect. The second provision of the Senate pro-
vides that no person engaged in the manufacture
of any article shall be an inspector, by which you
would exclude every practical manufacturer. The
object of the amendment is to exclude those who
own patents.
Mr. RUSK. That is right.
The amendments of the House were concurred
in.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GWIN. The Committee of Conference
on the naval appropriation bill are prepared to re-
port. By it the Senate will recede from the amend-
ments for the New Orleans depdt and naval work-
shop for the California navy-yard, and for the
Cape Fear and Savannah rivers.
The report was concurred in.
JACOB SHAY.
On motio n by Mr. MASON, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
