1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1113
the bill from the House of Representatives for the
relief of Jacob Shay. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of" the Interior to place his name upon
the invalid pension roll, at the rate of eight dollars
per month for life, from January 1, 1852.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, read
a third time, and passed.
COMMITTEE ON PUBUC LANDS.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to offer the follow-
ing resolution :
Rrmhnl, That the Committee on Public Lands be, and
tbey  re hereby, authorized to have printed the maps of the
public lauds which are now prepared and in course of
preparation tor their use.
I will state that the Committee on Public Lands
have had a gentleman employed in the preparation
of maps for the committee; and the object of the
resolution is to have such printed as they may
think proper.
The resolution was agreed to.
STEAM LINE TO CHINA.
Mr. GWIN. I had great hopes that I should
be able to get a steam line established from San
Francisco to Shanghai. In order that I might
have information before the Senate in the most
authentic form, I hare had prepared with great
accuracy, care, and labor, a map—such a one as
there is not in the world—and I want it printed
for the use of the Senate. I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to. [
Mr. BORLAND. 1 move that one thousand i
additional copies be printed.
Mr. MA SOW. I shall object to the extra num-
ber.
The PRESIDING OPFICER^'^Ir. Foot in
the chair.) It will go to the Committee on Print-
ing, under the rules.
Mr. BORLAND. I think not. I do not think
the rule requires this. The rule is for public doc-
uments; but for printing a map, I do not think
that is the rule.
Mr. MASON. My objection is not to the
printing of it itself, but if we print the extra num-
bers it may give an indorsement to it, and we are
not aware of the character of the map.
Mr. GWIN. It has been gotten up with ex-
traordinary care, and there is not such a map in
the world. I am content, however, to print but
the usual number.
The motion to print the extra number was re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
COMMITTEE ON NAVAL AFFAIRS.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis- :
charged from the further consideration of the business now
before the committee.
CIVIL FUND IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN. Some nine or ten months ago, I
made a speech in regard to Californian affairs, in
which I stated, that out of the civil fund $70,000
had been advanced to Commodore Jones, to go to
Lower California, to bring emigrants into Cali-
fornia. I obtained that information from official i
documents. Commodore Jones subsequently ad- ,
dressed me a note upon the subject, in which he J
stated that it was a mistake. He had never re- '
ceived one dollar to bring emigrants there. I j
want to do justice to that gentleman by giving him j
the benefit of the denial. I must say, however,
in vindication of myself, that I found the state- i
ment in an official document of the Government, j
and I never heard of its being contradicted, al-
though it had been published for years before.
Inasmuch as that gentleman has denied it, the re-
port is no doubt a mistake.
ALEXANDER P. FIELD. j
A message was received from the House of;
Representatives, by Mr. Hatbs, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that it had passed the joint resolution ;
for the relief of Alexander P. Field, late Secretary
of Wisconsin, and sureties, with an amendment, j
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment, and concurred therein.
NEBRASKA TERRITORY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
motion to take up the bill to organize the Terri-
tory of Nebraska.
Mr. ATCHISON, (Mr. FooTin the chair.) I
did not expect opposition to this measure from
the quarter from which it comes—from Texas
and from Mississippi. I had thought that Ar-
kansas, Missouri, and Iowa, were more particu-
larly interested in this question.
Mr. President, I will now state to the Senate
the views which induced me to oppose this prop-
osition in the early part of the session.
I had two objections to it. One was that the
Indian title in that territory had not been extin-
guished, or at least a very small portion of it had
been. Another was the Missouri compromise,
or, as it is commonly called, the slavery restric-
tion. It was my opinion at that time—and I am
not now very clear on that subject—that the law
of Congress, when the State of Missouri was ad-
mitted into the Union, excluding slavery from the
Territory of Louisiana north of 36° 30', would be \
enforced in that Territory unless it was specially 1
rescinded; and, whether that law was in accord
ance with the Constitution of the United States or 1
not, it would do its work, and that work would
be to preclude slaveholders from going into that
Territory. But when I came to look into that ,
question, I found that there was no prospect, no
hope of a repeal of the Missouri compromise, '
excluding slavery from that Territory. Now,
sir, I am free to admit that at this moment, at this
hour, and for all time to come, I should oppose
the organization or the settlement of that Territory
unless my constituents and the constituents of the
whole South, of the slave States of the Union, !
could go into it upon the same footing, with equal 1
rights and equal privileges, carrying that species :
of property with them as other people of this 1
Union. Yes, sir, I acknowledge that that would
have governed me, but I have no hope that the
restriction will ever be repealed.
1 have always been of opinion that the first
great error committed in the political history of
this country was the ordinance of 1787, rendering
the Northwest Territory free territory. The next
great error was the Missouri compromise. But
they are both irremediable. There is no remedy
for them. We must submit to them. I am pre-
pared to do it. It is evident that the Missouri
compromise cannot be repealed. So far as that
question is concerned, we might as well agree to
the admission of this Territory now as next year, ,
or five or ten years hence. —"i
Another reason that I will assign why I was
opposed to this measure, and why I still think it
objectionable in a local point of view, so far as
my immediate constituents, the people of western
Missouri, as well as those of Iowa and Arkansas,
are concerned, is, if you organize the Territory
of Nebraska and extinguish the Indian title, and
let in the white population upon that Territory, it j
extends our frontiers from seven hundred to one !
thousand miles west, and we raise up competition
with what we now have. The States of Iowa
and Missouri have now the best market for all
their products. We are an agricultural people,
and for all the products of agriculture we now
have as good a market as any people of the United
States, and it grows out of the frontier trade; food
for men, food for oxen, food for mules, food for
everything, which we produce for California, Ore-
gon, and New Mexico. But, if we extend this
frontier from year to year, competition will in-
crease, and we will be compelled to turn our agri-
cultural products down the Missouri and the Mis-
sissippi rivers, to the east instead of the west. I
know that all the intelligent portion of our people
understand this question; and, sir, there is no such
great anxiety among that portion of the people for
the organizatioivof the Territory of Nebraska; but
yet we are not so selfish but that we are willing
to extend the power of the United States still fur-
ther west. We know that it must come, and that
in a very few years. The pressure of population
from the older States, and from Europe has been
such that they roll up against the frontier, and the
most populous counties in the State of Missouri are
upon the western boundary line of that State. In
less than three years from this time, the most pop-
ulous counties of Iowa will be upon the western
border; and it will be the same case, if it is not
now, with the State of Arkansas. Her frontier
counties, I doubt not, are the most populous.
There is no doubt about it. And why is it so .'
Why, sir, the tide of emigration rolls on until it
is stopped by the intercourse laws. Such has
been the case in our State for the last ten years,
and I know that the tide of population has been
rolling back upon the interior of the State. Now,
sir, I know very well that in a very few years, if
it is not doing it now, the tide of population, in
defiance of this Government, will pass the frontier
and take possession of every habitable spot in
Nebraska Territory; you cannot keep them out.
There is a large portion of our population who
are now ready and anxious to abandon their
homes to eo into this Territory. You cannot re-
strain them much longer, and I tell my friend from
Tennessee, who has some interest in this question,
that East Tennessee, Kocke county, Sevier, and
that region of country, will pour forth their thou-
sands, as they do annually, some of the best pop-
ulation of Tennessee.
Mr. BELL. It is a fine population, too.
Mr. ATCHISON. Yes, sir, it is a very good,
honest, and industrious population. I have said
about as much as I intended to say, and a great
deal more. [Laughter.] I trust now that the bill
will be taken up, and that we will act upon it and
pass it. Mr. President, it only remains to have
the action of the Senate to make it a law.
A Senator. The President of the Vnited
States.
Mr. ATCHISON. The President will sign it,
as a matter of course, if he signs any of the appro-
priation bills. There is no question about that.
We have votes enough, and 1 have no doubt but
there is a majority of the Senate in favor of the
organization of the Territory of Nebraska, if you
will only give us an opportunity to vote.
But I must not stop here. The Senator from
Texas, who addressed the Senate on a former oc-
casion in opposition to this, suggested another
idea. What was his objection to the measure ?
It was a selfish one. But 1 do not blame him. It
is his duty to watch over the Indians of his State.
His objection was that the Indians in the Nebraska
Territory would be turned down upon the border
of Texas.
Mr. RUSK. And scalp the women and children
upon the borders of Texas.
Mr. ATCHISON. Is it more probable that
these Indians, if they should relinquish their title
to their lands in that region of country, and even
if they should be clustered upon the borders of
Texas, would make war upon Texas than they
now do upon Missouri, Arkansas, and Iowa? Sir,
the Shawnees, the Delawares, the Kickapo<u, and
fifty other tribes on the borders of Missou™ are,
and have been since their location there, our best
protection against the depredations of the wild
prairie Indians. Every man of common experi-
ence, who knows anything of our country, knows
this. I know that the Senator from Texas has a
knowledge of the affairs of his State, and the In-
dians upon her frontiers; but still I must be per-
mitted to state that I believe he will not be borne
out in his position by the Senator from Arkansas,
who was a resident upon the frontier. We all
know that the Indians never made any depredation
upon us. They are our best guards. It is the
wild Indians of whom we are m danger; and the
Shawnees, the Delawares, the Kickapoos, and
others upon your western frontier, would be your
best guard against the wild Camanches, Pawnees,
and others. What I state, I know to be true in
relation to ourselves, whatever it may be in rela-
tion to Texas. Then I consider that there is noth-
ing in the objection urged by the Senator from
Texas. I do not think that there can be any good
reason assigned why the Territory should not be
organized, unless Senators be operated upon by
the same fears that operated upon me not many
months since.
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe the honorable Sen-
ator has concluded; and as the Senate is perfectly
at leisure, I may as well say a few words now.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to know whether it
is in order to discuss the merits of a bill upon the
motion to take it up ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I will merely go. into the
questions raised by the honorable Senator front
Missouri.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall insist upon the rules
being enforced. As I understand the rule, it is
not in order to discuss the merits of a bill on a
motion to take it up.
Mr. ADAMS. Before the gentleman raises
the question, I beg leave to suggest that the only
thing in order is debate, there not being a quorum
present.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will certainly confine my-
self to the rules of the Senate, because I am sure
