1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1117
object of their guarantees, no one of them is vio- !
lated by this provision. i
Sir, when you come to examine it, there is not 1
even a respectable pretext for the charge that the
bill is in violation of any treaty stipulations. But,
sir, the Senator from Texas has discovered, the
moment it is proposed to bring up the bill, that
there is another great enormity in it—that Texas
is to be invaded, her rights are to be destroyed,
her interests are to be sacrificed. How? It is
said that by this act you will drive the Indians all
down upon Texas. Does the bill do it in any
way ! The Indians now occupy that country.
The bill leaves them there. Will they be any
more likely to go down now than they were be-
fore? Why, sir, the bill creates a territorial gov-
ernment between the Indians and Texas, and you
form a line of settlement beyond which the Indians
could not go. It would be a barrier against their
going to Texas. But the Senator from Texas
says that they have gone there heretofore. Well,
sir, if they have been there before, it shows that
this bill will not be the cause of their going there
again. But if you pass this bill, and settle the
country between the Indian grants and Texas, a
barrier will be created, the Indians will be re-
strained, and Texas will be protected from their
inroads.
I can see another effect which perhaps might
grow out of this. Certainly no friend of this bill
desires to drive the Indians down upon Texas.
For one, I should be as strenuous against the In-
dians being driven down there as I would be against
their going to the borders of Missouri or Illinois. !
I held that this Government must protect her own
Indians. But, sir, another question may arise,
whether or not the territory is to be kept an In-
dian territory for the purpose of driving up all the
Texas Indians there and colonizing them on the
western borders of Missouri and Iowa.
It has been said that these Indians must be re-
moved somewhere, and I have been asked where
they are to go. Why, sir, in the Indian appro-
priation bill, which has been passed, an appro-
priation was made for negotiating treaties for the
removal of these Indians. Why did not Senators
ask that question when that bill was under con-
sideration ? It is now for the War Department
and the Indian Bureau, under the direction of the
President of the United States, to say where they
shall go when they are removed. I am under the
impression that there are two or three points where
an Indian territory could be laid out without in-
terfering with any of the great routes to the Pa-
cific.
I will not occupy the time of the Senate further
in this discussion. I have felt it due to the subject,
due to myself, and due to the occasion, that I
should say this much in exposition of the views
and in justification of the course of the Committee ,
on the Territories for having reported this bill.
The bill underwent a thorough investigation and
discussion in the House of Representatives, and
it was passed there by an overwhelming majority;
and I undertake to say that, when the subject is
examined, it will be found that the bill is in exact
accordance with the most scrupulous observance
of faith towards the Indians; that no one's rights
are to be invaded, and no one is to be injured by
it. If these Indians prefer it, they can remain
forever where they are, without being embraced
within that Territory; they can remain there as an
Indian tribe not subject to its jurisdiction, or they
can consent to become citizens of the country,
under such terms as may be entered into by treaties
with them. It will be left to the choice of the In-
dians to determine what course they will elect.
But, sir, the Senators have said that I might as
well urge that a territorial government should be
formed west of Arkansas. Sir, it may be neces-
sary to do it. I am by no means certain that it is
not necessary. I am by no means certain that I
shall not be found acting in concert with the known
or supposed wishes of the Arkansas Senators, in
establishing a Territory west of them on proper i
terms. Certainly, if those most acquainted with
the subject, and possessing the greatest interest in
it, desire such a Territory, I shall be found one of
those ready to cooperate with them. But I see
that there is no time forprotracting this discussion.
I have merely said as much as was necessary to
vindicate the action of the committee; and now I
should be delighted if the Senate, by common con-
sent, would unite and pass the bill; for if it be
taken up, I am sure it will be passed. My fears
are that it will not be taken up.
Mr. ADAMS. I know that my friend from
Illinois is a good compromise man, and I wish to ]
propose to him a compromise on this subject, and
that is, that by common consent it be postponed
until the Friday after the first Monday of Decem-
ber next, when we shall have ample time and op-
portunity to discuss and investigate it; and if we
think it right, we can then pass the bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I must remind my friend
from Mississippi that eight years ago, when he
and I were members of the House of Representa-
tives, I was then pressing the Nebraska bill, and
1 have ever since been pressing it. I have tried
to get it through for eight long years. I would
take it as much more kind if my friend should
propose that by common consent we take up and
pass the bill. The members of the body are in
very good humor, all having got what they have
wanted except the Territories. I hope we shall do
something for them.
Mr. BORLAND. I suppose it may not be
considered exactly in order to discuss the merits
of the bill on the question of taking it up; but in
this case a great latitude of debate has been al-
lowed upon both sides, and the merits of the bill
have been discussed. I have something to say
why the bill should not be taken up. I am very
sorry to occupy the time of the Senate now, and
I should be very glad if we could dispose of the
subject without further debate. If the Senate is
prepared to lay it upon the table, I shall very
willingly dispense with any remarks which I might
otherwise feel called upon to make; and, therefore,'
| with a view of testing the sense of the Senate, I
move that the motion to take up the bill be laid
upon the table.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays
upon the motion; and they were ordered; and be-
ing taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bell, Borland, Brod-
head, Butler, Davis, Dawson, De Saussure, Downs, Fish,
Fitz pa trick, Houston, Hunter, Mallory, Morton, Phelps,
Rusk, Sebastian, Smith, Soule, Spruance, and Underwood
—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bright, Cooper, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Felch, Foot, Geyer,
Hamlin, Jones of Iowa, Norris, Shields, Toucey, Wade,
Walker, and Weller—17.
1 So the motion to lay upon the table was agreed
to.
CREDENTIALS OF SENATORS.
Mr. SOULE presented the credentials of the
Hon. Judah P. Benjamin, chosen by the Legis-
lature of Louisiana a Senator from that State for
the term of six years from and after the 4th of
March; which were read.
Mr. FELCH presented the credentials of the
Hon. Charles E. Stuart, chosen by the Legis-
lature of Michigan a Senator from that State for
the term of six yean from and after the 4th of
j March; which were read.
1 MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE.
| During the remarks of Mr. Douglas, a mes- j
1 sage was received from the House of Represent- !
atives, by Mr. P. B. Hayes, its Chief Clerk, an- !
nouncing that the House had passed Senate bills
i Nos. 123, 399, 75, 296, and 226, without amend-
! ment.
A message was also received from the House
of Representatives, announcing that they had
passed Senate resolution No. 19, and Senate bill
No. 286, without amendment.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
! Mr. HUNTER moved that the Chair appoint ,
an additional member on the Committee on En-
, rolled Bills; which was agreed to; and Mr. Chase
was appointed. i
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
! A message was received from the President of '
the United States, by Mr. M. P. Fillmore, his 1
Private Secretary, announcing that he had ap-
proved and signed—
An act for the relief of Betsey Norton;
An act for the relief of Mary Woodward;
; An act for the relief of Moses Olmstead and !
Elizabeth Craig; and
An act for the relief of George Pomdexter. ;
JOSEPH H. WARING.
Mr. SOULE. I introduced the other day the 1
memorial of Joseph H. Waring, which, with the !
papers accompanying it, was referred to a commit-
tee, but has not been and of course cannot have
been acted upon. It seems that the nature of the
claim is aucn that it is probable it may be settled
at the Department. I therefore move that the pe-
titioner have leave to withdraw his papers.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
Several messages were received from the House
of Representatives, by Mr. P. B. Hayes, its Chief
Clerk, announcing that the Speaker of the House
had signed—
An enrolled bill entitled " An act making appro-
priations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1854:"
A joint resolution for the relief of the heirs of
John de Neufville & Son;
An act for the relief of Maria Taylor;
An act for the relief of L. H. Bates and Lewis
Lacon;
A joint resolution for the relief of the heirs of
David Corderoy;
An act authorizing the sale of certain reserved
lands in Alabama;
An act to revive and continue in force, for a
limited time, the provisions of an act relative to
suspended entries of the public lands;
An act to authorize the creation of erroneous
locations of military bounty land warrants by
actual settlers on the public lands in certain cases;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Walter Col ton;
An act making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the year ending June 30,1854;
An act making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30,1854;
An act for the relief of Jacob Shay, jun.; and
An act to authorize the issuing of a register to
the brig Boundary, and to change the name of
the steamer Roger Williams ana the propeller
Ontario.
All of which were signed by the President pro
tempore of the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. M. P. Fillmore, his
Secretary, announcing that he had approved and
signed various enrolled bills, the titles of which
were not announced.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. P. B. Hayes, its Chief
Clerk.
Mr. President : The House of Representatives have re-
solved that a committee be appointed to join such commit-
tee as may be appointed by the Senate, to wait upon the
President of the United States and notify him that unless lie
have more communications to make, the two Houses have
completed die business before them, and are ready to close
the prerent session by adjournment; and that Mr. George
W. Jones, of Tennessee, Mr. S. G. Haven, of New York,
and Mr. Robert W. Joiwson, of Arkansas, are the com-
mittee on the part of the House.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that a committee be
appointed by the President pro tempore to join the
committee already appointed by the House for
the purpose of waiting upon the President.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Hunter
and Mr. Badger were appointed.
Mr. HUNTER subsequently said: Mr. Presi-
dent, the joint committee appointed by the two
Houses to inform the President that they had fin-
ished their business, and that if he had no further
communication to make they were ready to ad-
journ, have discharged that duty, and he has in-
formed them that he has no further communication
to make.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore rose at the hour
oftwelvee'cIock,m.,and said: Senators, the hour
has arrived when it becomes my duty to declare
that the Senate is adjourned sine die.
The session was thereupon closed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 3, 1853.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. James Gallaher.
Mr. OLDS. Will it be in order to move to'dis-
pense with the reading of the Journal ?
Mr. HALL. I object to the motion.
