1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1119
Mr. OLDS. I am glad to find that the gentle-
man has investigated the matter. I am not inter-
ested i  it. nor are my constituents, but it con-
cerns southern representatives. There was a time
last winter, when for days they were unable to
reoene their mail lor the want of this ice-boat on
the Potomac.
Mr. JONES. Let me ask the gentleman a ques-
tion : Has [here not been a failure of the mail
from New York to this city for the last two days ?
I see no cause for it but the negligence of these
railroad companies. 1 understand that there is a
failuie of the mail from the west almost every
other day. The Postmaster General told me that
there was a failure of the mail from New York
to this city, from one to two and often four times
a week.
Mr. OLDS. The Postmaster General has re-
commended to Congress to make some adequate
provision to remedy that defect in the mails be-
tween here and New York, but the House have
not acted on it, nor has its committee; but is that
any reason why you should not act on this prop-
osition which has received the approval of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads of
th:s House as well as of the Senate? The gentle-
man is mistaken in saying that this company re-
ceives an adequatecompensation. I am very well
informed, and by the Postnyister General too, that
the expenses of that company 
•Mr. LETCHER, (interrupting.) The south-
ern mail has failed for the last three days, and
there is no ice in the river now.
Mr. OLDS. I do not say that if you had these
ice-boats there would be no failure in the mails.
1 only state the fact that the mail has failed for
want of them. The Department has recommended
that a remedy be provided, and that is a matter for
the consideration of southern representatives, and
not for me. The company carrying the mail on
the Potomac suffered more in expense, in the way
of prucuring ice-boats during the winter months
than the value of their quarter's compensation.
They are not fined if the mail fails, and neither
are the contractors on the Ohio river. When there
is ice in the river they cannot carry the mail. The
only question is, whether a southern mail is of suf-
ficient importance to justify this appropriation,
and if the House of Representatives suppose that
it is not I will say nothing more with regard to it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. Why does it
cost more to carry the mail on the Potomac than
it does to carry it for the same distance on the
Ohio river?
Mr. OLDS. These contracts are made with
the Department. We pay ten times as much on
the macadamized roads as on railroads. It results
from the want of competition in bids, and from
no fault of the Post Office Department. They
ha ve to pay higher prices for certain contracts than
for certain other ones.
Mr. STUART. We have no time to spend in
further debate on this amendment, and I move
that the committee do now rise, with a view to its
termination.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
Thecommittee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. Sey-
mour of Connecticut) reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
had the state of the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the amendments of
the Senate to the Post Office appropriation bill, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STUART. I move the usual resolution
to close general debate in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the Post Office appro-
priation bill when its consideration shall be again
resumed in committee.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into theCommittee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
(Mr. Setmoi'r in the chair) upon the Post Office
appropriation bill.
Mr. CLARK moved an amendment pro forma.
It will be necessary for me to say only a few
words. As a member of the Committee on thePost
Office and Post Roads, 1 wish to say this is the first
time I have heard this proposition. I do not remem-
ber that it was ever before the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. If it has ever been
there, it must have been there when I was absent;
and 1 do not know the time when I was not in at-
tendance upon that committee. 1 am opposed to
the appropriation. I do not see any necessity for
an appropriation toputan ice-boat on the Potomac
river; and if there is any necessity, there is no
obligation upon our part to do so. The con-
tractors contracted for this service knowing what
the facilities were and what they were not; and I
am in favor of holding them to their contract. If
it should he necessary to put an ice-boat on the
Potomac, let it be done at some future time, or let
the contractors do it themselves. They are bound
to perform a stipulated service, and the Govern-
ment is under no obligation to afford additional
facilities. As to this matter of necessity, I am
not advised whether there is much, and if there is
any it is not a proper question for consideration
here. I hope it will not be granted.
Mr. OLDS. I wish to correct my colleague
upon the committee in relation to this matter.
This subject came before the Post Office Com-
mittee in this House at the last session, in a reso-
lution which passed the Senate. That committee
directed me to report it back to the House, with
a recommendation that it pass. This was at the
last session of Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
out $20,000. 1 wish merely to state that when
this controversy came up before, between the ;
Post Office Departmentand the contractors on this
line, the same argument (that it was intended for the
great southern mail) was urged upon the House;
but southern men voted against it as much as north-
ern men. It is no more the southern mail from
this city south on the Potomac, than it is from
this city to New York, because the southern mail
passes through here south, and the northern mail
from the South passes through here north. It is
the mail of the country, for the people of the whole
country, and the representatives of every part of
the country are as much interested in it as south-
ern men, and they are interested in havingit carried
quickly, and not xn paying too much for it. I have
heard no reason yetassigned why this amendment
should be agreed to, except that it is an executive
recommendation—the Postmaster General having
recommended it. I, for one, do not sit here merely
for the purpose of registering executive edicts,
without I am satisfied that they are right.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
the Senate was not agreed to.
The fourth amendment of the Senate, to insert,
as an additional section, was read, as follows:
"Sec. 5. •Snd be it further enacted, That section 3, of
the act entitled ' An act making appropriations for the ser-
vice nf the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1853, and for other purposes,' and
approved the 31st of August, 1852, be, and the same is here-
by, repealed."
Mr. BENNETT. I offer the following amend-
ment:
The joint resolution of July 13, 185-2, Is hereby extended
to the route from South Bainbridge to Oxford, New York,
on the same terms in all respects.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not in
order.
Mr. PHELPS. The Senate amendment just
now read proposes to repeal the section of the
Post Office appropriation bill passed at the last
session of Congress, which fixes the salaries of
the route agents at $1,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is correct in
saying that it will repeal the section which relates
to the salaries of the route agents; but upon con-
ferring with some of the Senators, I am satisfied
that is a mistake. It was one of the Senators
from Vermont who offered the section, intending
by it to repeal another section, but has by it re-
pealed that section—the one not intended by him
to be repealed. ....
Mr. PHELPS. What section is it designed to
"^Mr. HOUSTON. I have not examined the
section, but I understand it is the section relating
to the authority of the Postmaster General to make
contracts with railroads. That is the explanation
given to me by Senators this morning, and I pro-
pose to disagree to the amendment.
The question was taken,and the Senate amend-
ment was not agreed to.
The fifth amendment of the Senate, to add an
additional section, was read, as follows:
" Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further cn<icte>l, That the Postmaster
General is hereby authorized in make such arrangements
as he may deem advisable, by causing letters sent to Cali-
fornia and Oregon to be advertised free of expense to the
I Tni led Siatc., and by ilie issuing of circulars tn postmasters,
and causing the same t<  be published, to insure as lar as
possible the delivery of letters sent by mail Irom the At-
lantic States to California to the individuals to whom they
are directed."
Mr. MACE. I offer the following amendment
to the amendment:
That the Collins line of steamers receive no more com-
pensation than was paid prior to the last session of this
Congress.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that the
amendment is not m order.
The question was taken upon the Senate amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The sixth amendment of the Senate, to add an
additional section, was read, as follows:
<1Sec.7. Jlndke it further enacted, Thatthe Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, required tn invite proposals
to carry the United States mail frum San Francisco, iti Cal-
ifornia, to Shanghai, in China, monthly or semi-monthly,
in steamships, and transmit such proposals as he may re-
ceive to Congress at its next session-"
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am about to offer an
amendment, to which I ask the attention, of the
committee. It is an important one, and should
be adopted. I offer it as a substitute for that sec-
tion.
The amendment was read, as follows:
That the President be requested to enter into negotiations
with the Government of Great Britain, France, and all
other foreign nations, with the view of making such regula-
tions as may be necessan to prevent the interference vvi111
private enterprise, by vessels owned or sustained wholly or
in part by said Governments ; and that such vessels may b«
prevented trom carrying freight and passengers, so as to
come into competition with ships owned by individuals or
corporations, and providing for lettingouilo tile lowest bid-
der the carrying of Ihe mails.
Mr. HALL. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is clearly in order. The
Senate amendment is in regard to foreign mail
service.
Mr. HALL. The Senate amendment provides
for carrying the mail between San Francisco and
Shanghai, which is bad enough. Then the propo-
sition of the gentleman from North Carolina is to
make treaties with Prance, England, and all the
European Powers upon another subject—the trans-
mission of freight, and all that sort of ihing.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is the same subject em-
braced in the amendment of the Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is under the
impression that the amendment of the Senate re-
lates to carrying the mails between San Francisco
and Shanghai. This appears to be a general regu-
lation with respect to the interference of Govern-
ments with private enterprise, and the Chair is of
opinion that it is not in order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It relates to foreign mail
service.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that it
is out of order. Does the gentleman appeal
Mr. CLINGMAN. Yes, sir. From that de-
cision I appeal.
The question was taken on the appeal, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as Ihe judgment of
the committee?" and it was decided in theaffirma-
tive.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the amendment ruled out of order.
Mr. CARTTER. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate by striking out the words,
" and transmit such proposals as he may receive
to Congress at its next session," and inserting in
lieu thereof the following:
And he is hereby directed to contract for the establish-
ment of the said line with Ambrose VV. Thompson, pro-
vided it can be done for the amount of the postages only,
and on the terms as proposed by lum in bis printed memo-
rial to Congress.
I have been requested to submit that amend-
ment, but I have not had time to investigate the
matter in detail. The amendment contains on its
face, however, one feature that will, 1 think, com-
mend it to the approbation of every gentleman  
