1122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
The question was put, and (two thirds voting
in the affirmative) the rule was suspended.
Mr. GORMAN. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union,
(Mr. Seymour, of Connecticut, in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the Post Office ap-
propriation bill, the question pending being upon
tne adoption of the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Ci.i\gm\n*.]
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment to the amendment was rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs upon
the Senate amendment.
Mr. MACE. 1 offer the following amendment:
ThatE. K. Collin* 5c Co., of the Collins hneof t-teamers,
receive no more compensation than prior to the lust session
of this Coimrps-;.
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the amendment is not in order.
Tiie CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order, on the ground that it is
not connected with the Shanghai line.
Mr. McCORKLE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Be it further cnacted, That the Postmaster General is
hereby directed and authorized to require the rejular mail
steamers from San Francisco to Oregon to deliver the Uni-
ted States mails at the city of Trinidad, anil at some point
on Humboldt bay; also, to establish a mail route by land
from Trinidad, via Umontown, Eureka, and Buck-'* Port,
to Eel river, and from L'niontown, via Big Bar, on Trinity
river, to \Veaver ville.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment out of order.
Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Provided, That the rates of postage between San Fran-
cisco and Shanghai shall not exceed the relative rates (to
be computed by distance) now charged for the same de-
scription of mail matter between \<",v York and Liverpool.
Mr. PHELPS. I submit that the amendment
is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
think that the amendment is not in order.
The question was then taken upon concurring
in the Senate amendment, and it was decided in
the negative.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the committee do
now rise, and report the bill to the House.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee (Mr. Seymour) reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
Senate amendments to House bill No. 3.50, making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the year ending the 30th of June,
1854, and had directed him to report to the House
sundry amendments to the Senate amendments,
with a recommendation that the House concur in
some, and non-concur in others.
Mr. PHELPS. I move the previous question
upon the amendments.
Mr. HOUSTON. Before the gentleman calls
for the previous question, I desire to say a word
or two m explanation of one of the amendments. ,
I stated to the committee that I had conferred with
one member of the Finance Committee of the
Senate, m regard to the amendment which repeals
the third section of the Post Office bill of the last
session. Since that time I have ascertained that
the information I obtained was incorrect, and the
amendment which the Senate have adopted ac-
complishes what I desired. Now, the salaries of
the route agents are $1,000 in every case. Some of
the routes are twenty-live miles in length, and
some two hundred, and the object of the amend-
ment is to repeal that section, so as to leave it at
the discretion of the Postmaster General to pay
them according to their services.
Mr. PHELPS. Now 1 move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken upon concurring
j in the action of the Committee of the Whole upon
1 the several Senate amendments above inserted,
and it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the vote by which
the action of the Committee of the Whole was con-
curred in be reconsidered, and that the motion to
reconsider lie upon the table.
The question was taken on the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. OLDS. I ask the consent of the House to
have taken up and considered the Senate amend-
ments to the post route bill.
There was no objection; and the bill, with the
amendments, was taken up for consideration.
Mr. OLDS. Several of the Senate amendments
relate only to post routes. There are other sec-
tions added to the bill, containing other amend-
ments. I move that the amendments which relate
to post routes be concurred in.
The CHAIRMAN. The question will be taken
on all those amendments by one vote, if there is 110
objection.
No objection was made, and the question was
put upon concurring to the several Senate amend-
ments relating to post routes; and they were
agreed to.
The next Senate amendment was then read, as
follows:
"Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
be authorized and required to establish a tri-weekly mail
between Bainbridge and Appalachicola."
Mr. PHELPS. 1 move to amend that amend-
ment by striking out the words " tri-weekly."
; The question was put, and the amendment to
the amendment was agreed to.
The Senate amendment as amended was adopt-
ed.
The next Senate amendment was read, as fol-
lows: i
"Sec. it. ~2ndbe it further enacted. That all railroads '
and parts of railroads which are now or hereafter may be in
operation, be, and the same are hereby, declared to be post-
roads ; and tile Postmaster General may contract for car-
rying the mails thereon according to existing laws."
The question was taken, and the Senate amend-
ment was concurred in.
The next Senate amendment in order was read,
as follows:
"Sec.4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Auditor of
the Treasury for the Post Office Department be, and he is
hereby, authorized to allow the postmaster at Richmond,
Virginia, and the postmaster at Cleveland, Ohio, such ad-
ditional compensation on the mail niat'er distributed by
tliPin, respectively, since the 1st day of June, 1851, as will,
with the commissions already allowed them, make their
annual compensation equal to $2,000 each, since the said
1st day of June, 1851."
Mr. OLDS. I will merely remark that those
two distributing offices have been established
since the law was passed fixing the amount of
compensation of the distributing offices, in conse-
quence of which the Auditor of the Post Office
thinks he has no authority to pay them the same
compensation as is paid to other distributing of-
fices. |
Mr. CLARK. Those are important offices, '
and this is an important amendment, and it ought
to be concurred in.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate insist upon
their amendments disagreed to by the House, and
disagree to the amendments of the House to the
Senate amendments to the bill of the House ma-
king appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending 30th June, 1854; and ask a committee of
conference with the House upon the said disagree-
ing votes.]
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. STANLY. I hope the committee will not
adopt that amendment. It is in the nature of a 1
private claim. If it provided for the future, and
not the past, I might be disposed to yield it my j
support, but it gives additional compensation to
those who have held lucrative offices. It is wrong i
in principle, and 1 hope that the House will not
sanction it. j
Mr. CLARK. It is right that they should re-
ceive this additional compensation from the time
they were made distributing officers. J
The question was then taken, and the amend- J
ment of the Senate was non-concurred in. I
The fifth amendment of the Senate, to insert as
an additional section, was read, as follows:
uSrc,—. .Indheit further enatted, That hereafter, aa
the offices of the Assistant Postmasters General, or either
of them, shall he vacated, tiie appomtmentof his successor
i shall he math1 by the President ot the United States, by and
I with the advice and consent of the Senate, at the same sal-
1 ary as that of the Auditor for the Post Office Department:
That an Assistant Po>lnia^ter General shall be appointed as
aforesaid, and at the compensation aforesaid, to he em-
ployed in the inspection of the mail service, or such other
duties as the Postmaster General shall assign him ; and that
£.")U0 Per annum be allowed and paid to the Assii-tam Post-
1 masterGeneral upon whom the law devolves the duties and
1 powers of Postmaster General in case of his absence, death,
1, or resignation."
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to know what
> is the necessity for creating this new regiment of
officers. We have been getting along well enough
with the old ones, and I do not see why wecannot
still get along with them.
Mr. FITCH. If the amendment be divisible, I
demand a separate vote on each paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is divis-
ible, and the question will be first taken on the
first branch of it, as follows:
" Jlnd be it further enacted, That hereafter as the offices
of the Assistant Postmasters General, or either of them, shall
be vacated, the appointment of his successor shall be made
by the President of the United States, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, at the same salary as that
of the Auditor of the Post Office Department."
Mr. OLDS. I will give but a single word of
I explanation of that amendment of the Senate,
i The Auditor of the Post Office Department re-
ceives a salary equal to that of the heads of bu-
reaus, viz: 4,3,000 per annum, while the First and
Second Assistant Postmasters receive only $2,500
j each per annum. They are, in fact, at the" head
| of distinct bureaus, and this amendment proposes
| to put them on the same footing with the Auditor
of the Post Office Department—4,3,000 per annum.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the amendment will
be rejected.
Mr. OLDS. I do not much care whether it is
rejected or not.
Mr. FITCH. Those officers are entitled to the
increase of §500 to their salary. The remaining
portion of the section of the Senate is one which
the committee ought to concur in. It removes an
Executive patronage which is sometimes bestowed
injudiciously, and gives it to the Senate to confirm
or reject the appointments. I sincerely hope that
portion of the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. OLDS. I demand tellers on concurring in
1 the first portion of the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it now in order to move an
amendment?
j The CHAIRMAN. It is.
! Mr. HUNTER. I move to strike out that por-
i tion relating to salaries.
j Mr. OLDS. I only ask that the committee
! will vote understandingly. I have no feeling
about this matter as to whether the salaries of the
First and Second Assistant Postmasters shall be
increased or diminished; butyouhavean Auditor
of the Post Office Department in the same building
with them, to whom you give a salary of $3,000
per annum—$500 more than you give them. They
have as much business to do, and as responsible
duties to discharge as the Auditor; and they are
as much at the head of a bureau as he is. I do not
think that it is right, while he is receiving $3,000
per annum, they should be only receiving $2,500.
The Auditors in all the other offices receive $3,000
per annum.
Mr. HUNTER. Why not cut them down?
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman has
started at the wrong end. Bring down the salary
of the Auditor. We have got on the wrong course,
and the sooner we get right the better.
Mr. PHELPS. I have no objection to the sec-
tion as it now stands. Those Assistant Postmas-
ters are only the chief clerks of the Postmaster
General, and I desire to see him retain the appoint-
ing power m his own hands. 1 have always been
in favor of his doing so. I have no objection, so
far as the increase of salary is concerned; but
when you compare their services with those of the
Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office De-
partment, you will find that he has more respon-
sible dutiesto discharge than eitherof them. The
Auditor is not a part of the Post Office establish-
ment; he belongs to the Treasury Department.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I would ask my friend
whether, if we were to cut down the salaries to
$2,500, there would be the slightest difficulty in
