1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1123
getting along, or in getting gentlemen to fill the I
oSoes :
Mr. PHELPS. I think not. I have no doubt
that there .ire many patriotic gentlemen who are
eaier to till them. i Laughter.)
Mr. CLARK. 1 am in favor of the whole
proposition, both in giving their appointment to
the Ptesulent and the Senate, anil in increasirts
their salaries. 1 think my whole course here will
show that 1 have been in favor of economy—of
strict and rigid economy; but 1 am not afraid to
s.iv here that I think proper compensation ought
to be given to the functionaries of the Govern-
ment; and I am especially in favor of justice and
equality. The position occupied by those func-
tionaries is equal in power, in duty, and in dig-
nity, to that of the Auditor or that of the head of
any bureau. The gentleman from Illinois asks
whether we are to believe, if the salaries of these
officers were cut down to §0,500 per annum, we
could not get men enough to fill themr 1 would
inquire of him whether, if the per diem of mem-
bers was cut down to four dollars per day, you
could not get men enough to come here? Un-
questionably you could. That is a very errone-
ous view of the subject.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I would ask
the gentleman from Iowa whether the duties of
these officers have become more arduous, or
whether there is any reason why their salaries
should be increased; or whether, in his opinion,
Democrats cannot dis:harse these duties as faith-
fully, and for the same salary, as the Whigs have
done3 '
Mr. CLARK. I do not know how that may
be, Mr. Chaiiman, neither do I care. I do not
know but that you could get men enough to fill
them at $1,5U0 per annum, but I am willing to say
that I believe the present compensation is a small
one. You have increased, by a certain per cent.,
the salaries of the larger number of the Govern-
ment employees, and 1 do not see why those who
are called to discharge certain duties should not be
paid as well as others who are called to discharge
certain other duties of no greater moment or im-
portance. I think, sir, that equity and even-
handed justice, here and everywhere, is right and
beautiful, and I hope the whole proposition will
prevail.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will detain the commit-
tee only for a very few minutes. When a propo-
sition is brought forward for the increase of the
salary of one officer, we are asked to increase the
salaries of ail others. My experience here for six
years is that your legislation operates to put poli-
ticians instead of business men in office. The
merchants in the city employ their clerks, who
work the entire day, for §6U0, $700, }*S00, and
§1,000 per annum, and they have their business
well and faithfully performed, while you give your
clerks, who are not business men, $1,500 and I;
$1,800. This eternal argument is now brought !
forward, that because you raise the salary of'
some you ought to raise the salaries of all others.
If gentlemen are determined to act with reference
to the matter, the better plan would be to level
down.
Mr. SWEETSER. The practice has always
been to level up. [Laughter.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. Thatia my experience.
The gentleman thinks there is some terror in the
fact of your cutting down the salaries of members
of Congress.
Mr. CLARK. Not. at all.
Mr. RICHARDSON. So long as I hold a seat
on this floor I will vote for retaining the per diem
of members of Congress at what it is. I shall favor
neither an increase nor a reduction. If gentlemen
do not want to come here at their present pay, it
is very easy to get gentlemen who will.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the gentleman from Illi-
nois will not do me injustice. I did not say a
word in reference to reducing the per diem of mem-
bers here, f put a hypothetical case. I said that
I supposed if the per diem were reduced one half,
you could get men enough to come here—such as
they would be.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Senate have returned i
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, and ask
fur a committee of conference on the disagreeing '
votes of the two Houses. I move the appoint- |,
ment of the committee on the part of the House. |]
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to; and Messrs. Houston, Stanly, and
Dawson were appointed.
FOST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. RICH ARDSOX. I have but a single word
further to say. The Democratic party assumed a
policy during the late presidential canvass very
different from the one evidenced by these propo-
sitions for the increase of salaries. We went be-
fore the country and told the people that it cost at
present too much money to administer the Gov-
ernment, and that if its administration were put
into the hands of Democrats, more economy would
be observed. The fulfillment of our pledges will
be demanded, and it especially devolves on the
Democratic party of this House to resist all ex-
penditures of the public money for additions to
salaries of Government employees, and to vote
only for judicious appropriations for the various
necessities of the country. If these improper ap-
propriations be persisted in, they will and ought
to break us down. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The question being on the motion of Mr. Hun-
ter to strike out the words " at the same salary
as that of the Auditor of the Post Office Depart-
ment,"
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hall and
Little were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 91, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
LOBBY MEMBERS INTRUDERS.
Mr. WILCOX. I rise to what I conceive to
be a question of privilege. We are within a very
few hours of the adjournment of the present ses-
sion of Congress, and the most important matters
to be transacted are now upon your table. It is
a matter of impossibility for us, as representatives
of the people, to act intelligibly while there is so
much confusion in the House; and believing it to
be a question of privilege, I ask you, Mr. Speak-
er, to have this Hall cleared of every person who
is not a member of Congress. Frequently you
ask us to take our seats, but we have no seats to
take. It is natural enough for citizens to be anx-
ious to see how public business is transacted, but
let them remain in the galleries, or without the
bar; and I ask for an enforcement of the rules
rigidly, in that respect.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
call the attention of the House to the reading of
the 17th rule, viz:
17. No person except members of the Senate, their Sec-
retary, Heads of Departments, Treasurer, Comptrollers,
Register, Auditors, President's Secretary, Chaplains to
Congress, Judges of the United States, Foreign Ministers
and their (Secretaries, officers who, by name, hiive received
or shall hereafter receive the thanks of Congress for their
gallantry and good conduct displayed in the service of their
country, the Governor for the tune being of any State or
Territory in the Union, such gentlPinen as have been Heads
of Departments or members of either branctiof the National
Legislature, ttie member* of the Legislatures, for the time
being, of the States and Territories ; and, at the discretion
of the Speaker, persons who belong to such Legislatures of
foreign Governments as are in amity with the United States,
shall be admitted within the Hall ot the House of Represent-
atives ; and no person, not known to the Doorkeeper to be
entitled to the privilegi- of the floor, shall enter the IJnII, un
less the Doorkeeper shall be informed by a member that the
individual is entitled to admission under this rule, and in
what capacity.
The SPEAKER. That is a rule intended to
prevent the abuse now complained of. There are
too many in the Hall not entitled, under that
rule, to the privilege of the floor.
Mr. HALL. The complaint of the gentleman
from Mississippi was, that they were within the
bar.
The SPEAKER. These rules aremade for the
government of the House, and it is impossible for
the Speaker, either the regular one, or any tempo-
rary one, to enforce these rules against the wishes
and acts ofa majority of members ofthis House. If
no member of the House will invite or pass any
one through the doors except such as are author-
ized to come in under that rule, we will have no
complaint of a crowd in this Hall.
Mr. SWEETSER. I rise to a question of
privilege. In my judgment, the location of these
seats in the area of the House has been the cause
of more disturbance than any of which members
complain. I move that the area of the House be
cleared.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
proposes that the area be cleared of the seats, ex-
cept those of the reporters, which were put there-
by order of the House.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
POST ROUTE BILL.
The question recurring on the first branch of the
fifth amendment of the Senate as amended, it was
put, and decided in the negative.
The question recurred on the second branch of
the Senate amendment, in the following words:
ii That an additional Assistant Postmaster General shall
be appointed as aforesaid, and at the compensation afore-
said, to he employed in the inspecting of mail service or
such other duties as the Postmaster General shall assign
him ; and tlut <$300 per annum be allowed and paid to the
A-^i-t.int Postmaster General upon whom the law devolves
the duties ami powers of Postmaster General in case of his
absence, death, or resignation."
The question was taken on the second branch
of the amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The sixth amendment of the Senate, to insert
an additonal section, was read, as follows:
" Src. fi. *3 ml be it further enacted, That from and after
the ]ft of April next, in place of the compensation now
allowed deputy postmasters, the Postmaster General be,
and is hereby, authorized to allow them commissions at the
following rates, on the postage collected at their respective
offices, in each quarter of the year, and in due proportion
for any period les< than a quarter, viz : on any sum not ex-
ceeding $100, fifty per cent., but any postmaster at whose
office the mail is to arrive regularly between the hours of
nine o'clock .-it night and five o'clock in the morning may
be allowed sixty per cent, on the first $100 ; on every sum
over and above $-100, but nnt exceeding $400, forty per
cent.; on every sum over and above $400, but not exceed-
ing 400, thirty-five percent.; on every sum exceeding
$•2,400, fifteen pe.r cent.
" And on the amount of postages on letters and packages
received at a distributing office for distribution, the post-
master at such distributing office may be allowed ten per
cent. Every postmaster whose compensation shall not ex-
ceed £50ii in one quarter, shall be allowed one cent for every
free letter delivered out of his office, excepting such as are
for the postmaster himself. But the special allowance
now made by law to the postmasters at New Orleans and
Washington city shall not otherwise be either increased or
diminished. Each po>tma<ter who shall be required to
keep a register of the arrival and departure of the mails
shall be allowed ten cents for each monthly return which he
makes to the Postmaster General. Each postmaster may
be allowed two mil H for delivering from his office to a sub-
scriber each newspaper not chargeable with postage : Pro-
virfed, That the commissions and allowances herein author-
ized shall he subject to the provisions of the forty-first sec-
tion of the act entitled 'An aet to reduce into one the
several acts establishing and regulating the Post Office De-
partment,' approved March 3,
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. OLDS. I hope the House will listen to the
reading of the next amendment; it is a very im-
portant one.
The seventh amendment was read, as follows:
" Sec. 7. Jlttd be it farther enacted, That any person
who shall forge or counterfeit any postage stamp, printed or
impressed upon any letter envelope, authorized by the
eighth section of an act entitled * An act to establish cer-
tain post roads, and for other purposes,' approved August
thirty-first, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, or by any other
act; or who shall counterfeit any die, plate, or engraving
therefor ; or who shall make, or print, or knowingly use, or
sell, or have in his possession with intent to use or sell, any
such false, forged, or counterfeited die, plate, engraving, or
stamped envelope; or who shall make, or knowingly use,
or sell, or have in his possession with intent to use or sell,
any paper bearing the water-mark of such letter envelopes,-or
any fraudulent mutation thereof; or who shall make or print,
or authorize, or procure to be made or printed, anystamped
or printed letter envelope of the kind provided by the Post-
master General under the authority aforesaid, without the
especial direction of the Post Office Department; or who,
aitersuch letter envelopes have been piepared or printed,
shall, with intent to defiaud the revenues of the Po-t Office
Department, deliver any such letter envelopes to any person
or persons, other than such as shall be authorized to receive
the sumc by instrument of writing duly executed under the
hand of the Postmaster General and the seal of the Post
Office Department.shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed
guilty of felony, and be punished by a fine not exceeding
five hundred dollars, or by imprisonment not exceeding five
years, or by both such fine and imprisonment.
u Sec. 8. And he it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of every postmaster to cause to be defaced, in such
manner as the Postmaster General may direct, all letter en-
velopes with postage stamps thereon, which may be depos-
ited in his office for conveyance in the mail; and if any
postmaster sending such envelopes in the mail shall omit to
deface the same, it shall be the duty of the postmaster to
whose office such envelopes shall be sent for delivery, to
deface them, and report the delinquent postmaster to the
Postmaster General. And if any person shall use, or at-
tempt to use, for the conveyance of any letter or other mail-
able matter or thing, over any post road of the United States,
either bv mail or otherwise, any such stamped letter en-
velope vvhich has been before used for a like purpose, such
person shall be liable to a penalty of fifty dollars, to be
