1126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
daughter of a revolutionary officer. She resides
ill my State, ami is between seventy and eighty
years ot'n^e. Representing her, 1 ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take up Senate bill
No. 512, for the relief of Catherine Proctor Hay-
den, only child and heir of Colonel White, de-
ceased, late a lieutetiantcolonel 11) the fourth Geor-
gia battalion of the Revolutionary Army.
Mr. MOREHEAD. Like my honorable friend
from Georgia, I have riot troubled the House for
such a purpose, either at the last session or at
the present. I have endeavored for the last day
or two to get the floor, but have not to this time
succeeded. I feel it my duty to object.
Mr. JACKSON. 1 move that the rules be sus-
pended to enable me to take up the bill. This is
the first time that 1 have asked a favor of the
House. I hope tny friend will withdraw his ob-
jection.
Mr. MOREHEAD. I withdraw it.
Mr. JACKSON'. I move to suspend the rule
which requires bills containing appropriations to
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to, two thirds voting in the affirmative.
The bill accordingly was taken up, and read a
first and second time by its title.
Mr. JACKSON. I move the previous question
on ordering the bill to a third reading.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The main question being " Shall the bill be or-
dered to a third reading?" it was put, and decided
in the affirmative.
The bill was subsequently read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. JACKSON'. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken on the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbirt Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had agreed to
the report of the Committee of Conference upon
the deficiency bill.]
LANGDON C. EASTON.
Mr. DARBY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up Senate bill No. 469, for the
relief of Captain Langdon C. Easton, assistant
quartermaster of the United States Army.
This is the only and last request I shall make
order. Do I understand that the rules have been 1
suspended to allow the bill to be tiiken up?
The SPEAKER. They have been.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The bill makes an ap-
propriation, and unless the lules be further sus-
pended,it must go to the Comnntteeof the AVhole
on the state of the Union. 1 make the point, for
I desire to say a word in relation to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
bill must go to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. DARBY. I intended to move to suspend
the rules which requires that the lull shall be first
considered in the committee, if there should be
any objection. I make that motion.
The question was put; and there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 60, noes not counted.
So the rule was not suspended—two thirds not
voting in the affirmative.
GEORGE G. BISHOP.
Mr. CARTTER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up Senate bill No. 187,
for the relief of George G. Bishop, and the legal
representatives of John Arnold, deceased.
Mr. PRICE. I rise to a question of order. I
understood the Chair to decide that he would not
recognize any gentleman out of his seat.
Mr. CARTTER.
was recognized.
The SPEAKER.
must rise from a seat.
A Member. His seat.
The SPEAKER. It is true that is the lan-
guage of the rule, but it has been decided again
and again that that means a seat.
The bill was then taken up, and read by its title
for information.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to the introduction
; of it.
Mr. CARTTER. Then I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose indicated.
The question was put, and there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 84, when
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays.
The House was divided on the call for the yeas
and nays, and there were—ayes 25, noes 85; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
Chair will ascertain by a count whether there is
a quorum present.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask for tellers upon
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays cannot
be ordered when there is no quorum in the House.
I came from my seat after I
The rule is that a gentleman
of the Congress of the United States. It is a short The Chair will determine by a count the number
bill of only five or six lines. |
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I object, and I jj
will state as the ground of my objection, that all
private bills of a meritorious character ought to
have the same chance to be passed. There should j
be no selection made. Some individuals can get II
the floor, and others cannot. Ii
The SPEAKER. That is very true, because i'
all want it. I
Mr. JOHNSON. I represent a case equally as
meritorious as that of the gentleman from Mis-
souri.
Mr. DARBY. I move to suspend the rules, to ,
enable me to move to take up the bill.
The question was taken, and the rules were
suspended—two thirds of a quorum voting in the
affirmative. !,
Mr. DARBY. [ ask that the report, which is '
a short one, may be read.
The report was accordingly read, from which it
appears, that in April, 1850, Captain Easton was
assigned to duty as assistant quartermaster at
Santa Fe, having under his direction eleven posts
to be supplied with funds and stores, and the
clothing depot of the ninth military department;
that Captain Easton during his continuance at
Santa Fe, from July, 1850, to July, 1851 , was at
different intervals defrauded of $17,651 by Gus-
tavus McHarcourt, his chief clerk; that in Sep-
tember, 1851, Captain Easton, while at St. Louis,
Missouri, was notified by the Quartermaster Gen- 1
eral of the deficiency in his accounts, and then,
for the first time, discovered the dishonesty of his <
chief clerk. He returned as soon as practicable |
to Santa Fein pursuit ofMcHarcourt, and learned I
that he had absconded some three months previous, I
and taken shippingfrom Mazatlan, Mexico. |
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of j
present.
The Chair proceeded to count the members, 1
and announced that there were 144 present.
Mr. DOTY. 1 ask for tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gaylord and i
Edmcndson were appointed.
The House was divided, and the tellers reported
14 in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask for tellers upon the
motion to suspend the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Gaylord
and Edmundson were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 90, noes 50.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds not
voting in the affirmative.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire, with the leave of the
House, to submit the report of the second Com-
mittee of Conference on the deficiency appropria-
tion bill. We have adopted the report of thefirst
committee with three exceptions. It is recom- 1
mended that the House recede from its disagree-
ment to the 13th and 20th clauses of the 13th
amendment of the Senate; which are as follows:
Thirteenth clause:
" For providing proper foundations for the custom-house
at San Francisco, authorized by the sixth section of theact
entitled ' An act to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year ending ttie 30th of June,
1859,'and in addition to the sum of§40,000heretofore ap-
propriated, $25,000."
Twentieth clause:
"For additional allowance to E. S. Norris, the sum of
$2.2(50 34, and to George R. Stuntz the sum of $1,958 50,
additional allowance made to them as deputy surveyors
! uader the surveyor general of Wisconsin and Iowa, and in
accordance ivith the recommendations and estimates of the
CoimiM^ioiler of the General Land Office and the Secre-
tary ot till' Interior, dated respectively on tile lltli and 14th
of February, 1853."
The thirteenth clause, above inserted, was
adopted in the Senate on a communication from
the proper Department that the appropriation
could not be expended until the foundation was
completed,and that £,25,000 was necessary for that
purpose. The third point of difference was in ref-
erence to the matter which was discussed so fully
last evening. The Senate recedes from the whole
of its amendment on the subject of the California
assay office as is contained in the sixth section of
the fifteenth amendment, and submit to the House,
which the committee recommend be adopted, the
following in lieu thereof:
" Sec. 6. .ind be it further enacted, That the time for
receiving Ind* under the act of 3d ot July, 18.33, for the erec-
tion of a Mint in California, lie extended to the M of April,
1353, and that the sum of #300,000 appropriated hy said act,
or so much thereof as inay he necessary, shall he applied
only to the erection and putting in operation a Mint in Cali-
fornia, and not to the purchase of any building for that
purpose."
The Senate insisted on having the time extend-
ed for the receiving of bids thirty days, leaving
the California Mint' clause just as it is, and we
saw no objection to that, for it might benefit the
public rather than injure it.
I repeat now what I stated in debate last even-
ing, that the act of the 3d of July, 1852, can be
carried out fully and completely-, and in connec-
tion, let me read the following communication,
which I have received from the Secretary of the
Treasury:
Treasury Department, March 3, 1853.
' Sir : In reply to yonr letter of this date, I have the honor
to state that the Department has responsible bids witllin the
appropriation lor the Mint at San Francisco.
Second. That the Department considers the present as-
say office, with the proposed additions which tile proprie-
tor offer to make to the building, machinery, fixture*, &c.,
as sufficient to furnish a coinage to the extent of ji3 ,000,098
per annum ; and the offer of said building is on the condi-
tions that such shall he the fact, and that the building, ma-
chinery, 8tc., shall all be first approved by a person to he
appointed by the Department, before it is accepted or any
money paid on account of it; and that it shall be ready to
go into full operation within nine months.
Third. The offers for the contract were all only finally
received from California within the last ten days, and one
reason tor not having made the contract is, that no provis-
ion has been made by Congress for a site, and none of the
Government reserve is considered suitable tor the purpose.
Your obedient servant, TIIO. OORWIN,
Secretary o f the Treasury.
Hon. R. Toombs, House of Representatives.
The offer of the assay office is $275,000, which
is to include the ground, buildings, machinery,
i fixtures, and appurtenances of all kinds complete.
j| Mr. FICKL1N. I rise to ask the gentleman
' from Georgia whether the bid is for a substantial
fire-proof building for the Mint in California ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I will let the gentleman from
i California answer.
Mr. MARSHALL. There are bids describing
the building and all the apparatus which is in-
tended to be put into it. There are proposals in
the Treasury Department to build a fire-proof
brick building, with double walls, so that there
will be no wood-work exposed.
| Mr. TOOMBS. The question of the gentleman
: from Illinois being answered, I shall merely repeat
' that the proposition of the Senate will benefit the
public. Additional bids will be sent in, if there
are any to be made. But there are now ample
bids under the law of 2d July, 1852, in the De-
partment.
Mr. DUNHAM. The bids, if I understood
the gentleman's statement, are for the building
and the ground ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I read from the communica-
tion of the Secretary. Some are for the ground,
and some are not.
Mr. DUNHAM. Then these bids specify the
grounds and the kind of building which is to be
erected on them ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Theoffers of course must agree
with the advertisement and specifications of the
Treasury Department.
Mr. DUNHAM. I want to inquire in refer-
ence to one thing further. I understand from the
paper which the gentleman has read, and which,
I suppose, he has procured for this occasion 
Mr. TOOMBS. I have obtained it for this oc-
casion.
Mr. DUNHAM. I understand the gentleman
to say that the reason these bid* ware not ac-
