1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1127
cepted, was because of the construction of the
Treasury Department that the act of Congress
mskes mi provision tor the ground?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sii7.
Mr. DUNHAM. Will the gentleman tell the
House what authority the Treasury Department
have to convert a portion of that fund into the
purchase of a site? And if it has no such author-
ity, how is a site to be procured ?
Mr. TOOMBS. That question is not germane.
We have a law of Congress which is to be car-
ried out. The Government has millions of acres
of land there, and I presume it can get a site. I
desire the law to stand as it is.
Mr. MARSHALL. One of the bids already
put in, or which is now ready to be put in, includes
an offer to provide a site. But if that were not so,
the Government of the United States has ample
property in the city of San Francisco to which its
title is undoubted and beyond question, on which
to construct all the public buildings that may be
necessary; and if disposed of for the benefit of the
United States, enough to pay all the appropria-
tions which are asked for that city in the erection
of public buildings. I left out in the suggestions
I made as to that amendment, this question of the
site on purpose, because I knew that it would
either be provided for in the bids of the parties
asking to build the structure, or else the Govern-
ment of the United States would assert, as it ought
to do, its right to its own unquestioned and un-
questionable property within the limits of that
city, and in places particularly convenient for the
erection of tins building.
Mr. DUNHAM. I do not understand that the
paper which the gentleman has read, and the state-
ment of the gentleman from California, to agree.
I understand the paper to give as a reason why
contracts have not been accepted, that there was
no appropriation for a site there.
Mr. TOOMBS. That was one of the reasons
assigned.
Mr. DUNHAM. The gentleman, then, and the
Secretary do not agree. I have nothing to say in ref-
erence to this report. I have no feeling—no care
about it. I only wish to justify myself for the
statement which I made last evening. It does seem
to me that I am perfectly justified from the paper
which the gentleman read and the statement of the
gentleman from California. Both say, as I under-
stand them now, that the time for receiving bids
should be extended. I ask whether that would be
necessary, if ample bids had already been received
under the law?
Mr. TOOMBS. The gentleman is mistaken.
They have responsible bids. The letter ofthe Sec-
retary says so. The Committee of Conference
wanted the extension of thirty days that more bids
might be received. The Department did not ask
it. I yielded because I saw no injury to result to j
the public service. I will state, so far as the ground I
is concerned, that if it were intended to amend the j
Mint law it would have been done, but no such
thing was done; but there was an attempt to repeal
the law.
Mr. DUNHAM. It is proper that I should say,
for my own justification, that the official informa-
tion which the gentleman had before the Commit-
tee of Conference this morning was not accessible
last evening, and no other information on the sub-
ject. We were informed very differently from
what the gentleman has been.
Mr. TOOMBS. I believe the gentleman. The
matter is all right now.
The reoort of the Committee of Conference was ■
then read. 1
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 call for the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the report of the com-
mittee.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The question was taken, and the report of the
Committee of Conference was adopted.
SIXTEENTH JOINT RULE.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I move that the 16th
rule, which provides that no bill that shall have
passed one House shall be sent for concurrence !
to the other on either of the three last days of the !
session, be suspended so far as it relates to House
bill No. 368, entitled " An act for the relief of
Robert Gibson."
The question was taken, and the motion was i.
agreed to.
ENGRAVING. !
IMr. RIDDLE. I rise to a privileged question.
I have been instructed by the committee, who have
the power to report at all times, the following res-
olution from the Committee on Engraving:
Resohed, That the Committee on Engraving be, and
they are hereby, authorized to contract for the engravings
accompanying the agricultural part of the report ofthe Com-
missioner of Patents, provided the cost thereof shall not
exceed «R10.
Resolved, That the Committee on Engraving be, and
they are hereby, authorized to contract for engraving or
lithographing six thousand five hundred and twenty sets of
the maps accompanying the report of the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey: Provided, That the cost shall not ex-
ceed $fi,520. Also one thousand five hundred and twenty
copies of the map accompanying the correspondence of the
Navy Department with Thomas Ap Catesby Jones and Ed-
ward Stanly : Provided, The cost shall not exceed $120. "
That is all the engraving ordered this session.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. SCHERMERHORN. I move to suspend
the rules for the purpose of enabling the House to
take up such bills on the Speaker's table as pro-
vide for the relief of widows and orphans.
Mr. HEBARD. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to allow Senate bill No. 447, for the
relief of Ira Day, to be taken up. It is a bill au-
thorizing the Postmaster General to pay him a
balance due him of #108 90.
Mr. MEADE. I give notice that I will object
to every bill that is not for the relief of widows
and of orphans.
Mr. HEBARD. May I be permitted to say
one word in relation to that bill?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot do
so unless by the unanimous consent of the House.
Several Members. I object.
Mr. HEBARD. Then I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of considering that bill.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to suspend the rules.
POST ROUTE BILL.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, announ-
cing that the Senate have agreed to the amend-
ments of the House to the amendments of the
Senate, and insist upon their fourth and fifth
amendments disagreed to by the House to the bill
of the House No. 364, " to establish certain post
roads."
On the motion of Mr. OLDS, by unanimous
consent,
Ordered, That the House insist upon their disagreement
to the lourth and firth amendinentsof the Senate to the bill of
the House (No. 364) " to establish certain post roads," and
ask a conference with the Senate upon the said disagreeing
votes.
Ordered, That Mr. Olds, Mr. Schoolcraft, and Mr.
Robinson be the managers at the said conference on the
part of the House.
Ordered, That the Clerk acquaint the Senate therewith.
I L. M. GOLDS EOROUGH.
! Mr. OUTLAW. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up Senate bill (No. 224) for
the relief of L. M. Goldsborough and others.
Mr. HEBARD. I object.
Mr. OUTLAW. I move to suspend the rules
for that purpose.
Mr. CARTTER. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays, and tellers upon the yeas and I
nays.
The tellers and yeas and nays were both re- ,
fused.
The question was put upon suspending the
rules; and there were, on a division—ayes 80,
noes 34. I
Tellersweredemanded and ordered; and Messrs. j
Mace and Snow were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers |
reported that there were—ayes 93, noes 31. !
So the rules were suspended. j
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to inquire whether this
bill provides for an appropriation of money?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it
does.
Mr. CARTTER. Then I move that the bill
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. OUTLAW. I move a suspension of the
rule which requires that this bill be first considered
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was put, and on a division there
were—ayes 79, noes not counted.
Mr, OUTLAW demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Ewing and Clemens were
appointed.
The question was then taken; and, there being
two thirds voting in the affirmative, the rule was
suspended.
The bill was then read, and ordered to a third
reading, and having been read the third time, the
question recurred, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. OUTLAW demanded the previous quea-
tion; which was seconded, and the main question
ordered to be put.
The question was then taken, "Shall the bill
pass.-" and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. OUTLAW moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
DELEGATE FROM NEBRASKA.
Mr. ASHE. I rise to a privileged question. I
desire to make a report from the Committee on
Elections in the case of A. Guthrie, who claims
to be a regularly-elected Delegate from Nebraska,
and asks to be admitted to the rights of a Delegate
upon this floor. The committee in this case find
that there were polls open at two precincts. They
ask to be discharged from further consideration in
this case, and that the report be laid upon the
table and printed.
The SPEAKER. It will be so ordered, unless
objection be made.
Mr. EDGERTON. I offer in connection with
that report a resolution.
[The Reporter was unable to procure a copy of
this resolution.]
1 Mr. F1CKLIN. Is that in order now?
The SPEAKER. In regard to the question of
order raised upon the report of the Committee on
Elections, the Chair is of the opinion that it is a
case rather for the House to determine whether it
be a question of privilege under the rule.
Mr. FICKLIN. I make the point of order
upon the resolution introduced by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Edgerton.]
The SPEAKER. It is a resolution touching
the claim of a gentleman to a seat upon this floor,
and the Chair is of the opinion that it is a priv-
ileged question.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. How did the
question get before the Committee on Elections?
Mr. ASHE. It was referred under the rules.
Mr. STEPHENS. Was this claim of the gen-
tleman from Nebraska founded upon an election
under the late law ?
The SPEAKER. The Chairis inclined to think
that he could not legally claim under any law.
But the Chair thinks that is a matter for the House
j to determine as to the question of right under the
i law. The Chair understands that the petition of
! the gentleman from Nebraska was sent regularly
! under the rules to the Committee on Elections,
1 and that committee make a report.
Mr. STEPHENS. As this is a question of
importance, and the Chair holds that it is in order
to make the report, I take an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from North Carolina could not take the
floor from the gentleman from New York to make
that motion, and on that ground rules it out, not
because it may not be a privileged question.
ENROLLED BILLS,
j Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
i rolled Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled
I the following bills; which thereupon severally re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker:
An act authorizing the adjustment and payment
of the claim of William Hazard Wigg, deceased,
for losses sustained by him during the war of the
Revolution; and
An act to incorporate the Georgetown and C&-
toctin Railroad Company.
j PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. SACKETT. I desire to submit a motion,
in which I hope the House will concur. It is one
that will relieve us from this difficulty of struggling
to get one bill ahead of another. There are cer-
tain private bills upon the Speaker's table that have
already passed the Senate. We have now an op-
portunity to act upon them. I therefore ask the
House to go to the business on the Speaker's tabl«,
for the purpose, of disposing of those bills only.
