1130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
Mr. McMULLIN. I appeal from the decision
of the Ciiair.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion has been
sometimes entertained, but according to the recol-
lection of the Chair, it was entertained by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union have no right to
do anything by umnimous consent which the
rules of the House do not allow.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
then taken, and upon a division there were—ayes
58, noes 38.
Mr, TAYLOR. I ask for tellers upon the ap-
peal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Johnson of
Arkansas and Seymour of New York were ap-
pointed.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ported—aves 6U, nnes 9; no quorum voting.
[Cries of" Call the roll " Call the roil!"]
The roll was then called, and 102 gentlemen
answered to their names.
The committee then rose, and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, the chairman [Mr. Orr]
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
stdte of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the bill of the House (No. 343) making
appropriations for the naval strvice during the
year ending June 30, 1854;and having found itself
without a quorum, had ordered the roll to be
called, and had directed him to report the facts to
the House, with the names of the absentees.
Mr. DEAN. Has a quorum answered to their
names ?
The SPEAKER. There has not.
enrolled bills.
Mr. HAWS, fro 11 the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which received the signature of
the Speaker:
An act making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy during the year ending
the 30; li of June, 1854;
An act making an appropriation for the com-
pletion of the public buildings in the Territory of
Minnesota; and
A joint resolution providing for printing and
binding the returns of the Seventh Census.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. DEAN. I move that there be a call of the
House.
The question was put and the motion agreed to.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. EWING. I move to suspend all further
proceedings in the call.
The question was taken, and there were on a
division—ayes 35; when
Mr. E WING called for tellers; which were or-
dered, and Messrs. Mace and Ewjng appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 58, noes 35.
So the House refused to suspend further pro-
ceedings in the call.
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had agreed
to the report of the Committee of Conference ap-
pointed upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon the bill of the House establishing
certain post roads.]
Mr. STUART. I submit that the motion is
not in order, as the rules of the House cannot be
suspended unless there is a quorum present.
Many Members. Call the roll! Cull the roll!
Mr. STUART. Were we not engaged in acall
of the House, and was not the motion made to
suspend the call ?
Air. DEAN. I move there be a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is in-
clined to think that the motion of the gentleman
from New York, that there be a call of the House,
is in order, and that that motion and a motion to
adjourn are the only ones in order.
Mr. STUART. I understand that we were
engaged in a call of the House, and that there was
a motion to suspend that call, and that upon the
motion to suspend the call there was no quorum
voting. That motion failed) and the call of the
House goes on.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The point made
by the gentleman from Michigan is well taken.
The doors of the Hall will lie closed.
Mr. OLDS. I hope the House will informally
allow me to make a report from a Committee of
Conference on the post route bill.
Many Members. No, no! There is no quo-
rum.
Mr. OLDS. It is a large bill, and it is import-
ant that the report of the Committee of Conference
should be acted on, so that the bill may be en-
rolled.
[Cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
Air. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that on the vote last taken, 58 voted
to suspend all further proceedings, and a less num-
ber voted in the negative. My point is, that by
that vote all further proceedings in the call have
been suspended, a quorum not being necessary for
that purpose.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cided upon the point of order raised by the gen-
tleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] that there
not being a quorum voting in favor of suspending
the call, the call was not suspended.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Is this the proper time to
render excuses for absentees?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is in order
as the Clerk calls the names of the absentees.
The Clerk then commenced the call of the ab-
sentees, as follows:
Willis Allen.
Mr. SIBLEY. I learn that Mr. Allen is quite
sick. I therefore ask that he be excused.
The question was taken, and Mr. Allen was
excused.
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish to inquire of the Chair
| if the doors are closed.
i The SPEAKER pro tempore. They are.
j Mr. TAYLOR. I inquired for information, as
I I see the doors opening now and then.
William S. Ashe.
i Mr. CARTTER. I wish to say that Mr. Ashe
has been indisposed for several days, and is quite
so to-day. He is absent in consequence of indis-
position. I move that he be excused.
The question was taken, and Mr. Ashe was
excused.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the
Speaker that the Committee of Conference be ad-
mitted. They are at the door.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There being no
quorum present, the Ciiair thinks it is not in order
to do so. The doors have been ordered to be
closed.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is a conference commit-
tee engaged in the service of the House. They
II have completed their business, and ask permission
to enter, and I believe they have a right to enter.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It being ascer-
tained that no quorum is present, the Chair thinks
j nothing is in order except to proceed with the
i call of the House, or a motion to adjourn.
! Mr. FLORENCE. They are executing the
| order of the House, and they were not absent of
1 their own volition.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair begs
pardon. Will the gentleman from Arkansas state
his proposition again?
Mr. JOHNSON. I will state that the Com-
mittee of Conference on the civil and diplomatic
bill was created under the order of the House.
They have been out on that service; they are
through with their labors, and are at the door
asking admission.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there is no
objection, they will be admitted.
Mr. OLDS. I move that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The question was put and decided in the affirm-
ative.
So all further proceedings under the call were
I dispensed with.
POST ROUTE BILL.
I Mr. OLDS. I desire to make a report from a
! Committee of Conference on the post route bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair thinks
1 that the report cannot be made until he ascertains
; whether a quorum is present, which he will pro-
ceed to do by a count.
Mr. EVANS. I move that by unanimous con-
sent the report be received. It will save time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair thinks
that unanimous consent, without a quorum, is not
sufficient
The Chair then proceeded to count the mem-
bers, and announced that there were 119—a quo-
rum—present.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a question of or-
der. Itisthis: That a call having been proceeded
with, and it being ascertained that no quorum was
present, it was not competent, at that time, for
the Chair to entertain a motion to suspend further
proceedings in the call.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over-
rules the point of order.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. OLDS. I submit the report of the Com-
mittee of Conference upon the post route bill.
The report was read, as follows:
| Tlie Committee of Conference on the disagreeing votes
i of the two Houses upon House bill No. 3(54, "A bill establish-
ing certain post routes, and for other purposes," have had a
full and free conference, and have agreed upon the follow-
ing report, to wit: That it be recommended that the House
agree to the fourth amendment of the Senate with the fol-
lowing amendment, to wit: Strike out all of said amend-
ment after the word " Ohio " in the fifth line, and insert,
" the same commission on all mailable matter distributed at
'their respective offices, as is allowed by law to the post-
< masters of the other distributing offices, such allowance
' to date from the 1st day of June, 1851."
That the House agree to the fifth amendment of the Sen-
ate with the following amendment: Strike out all after the
word " Senate,'1 m the fifth line.
The question was taken upon concurring in the
report, and it was decided in the affirmative.
The following is a digest of the above report:
The House agrees to the fourth amendment of
! the Senate, with an amendment.
| The fourth amendment of the Senate was as
follows:
" Sec. 4. JInd be it further enacted, That the Auditor of
' the Treasury for the Post Office Department be, and he is
hereby, authorized to allow the postmaster at Richmond,
Virginia, and the postmaster at Cleveland, Ohio, [such ad-
ditional commissions on the mail matter distributed by them,
respectively, since the 1st day of June, 1851, as will, with
the commissions already allowed them, make their annual
compensation equal to $-2,000 each, since the said 1st day
of June, 1851."]
The House agrees to the above, with the fol-
lowing amendment:
" Strike out all after the word ' Ohio,' inclosed in brack-
ets, and insert in lieu thereof as follows :
" The same commissions on all mailable matter distrib-
uted at their respective offices as is allowed by law to the
postma&ters of the other distributing offices, such allowance
to date from the 1st day of June, 1851."
The House agrees to the fifth amendment of the
Senate, with an amendment, which is to strike
out all after the word "Senate," as inclosed in
brackets, in the following fifth Senate amendment:
! '* Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That hereafter, as
i the offices of the Assistant Postmasters General, or either
of them, shall be vacated, the appointment of his successor
shall be made by the President of the United States, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, [at the same
salary as that of the Auditor for the Post Office Department:
That an Assistant Postmaster General shall be appointed as
I aforesaid, and at the compensation aforesaid, to be em-
j ployed in the inspection of the mail service, or such other
! duties as the Postmaster General shall assign him ; and that
j $500 per annum be allowed and paid to the Assistant Post-
master General upon whom the law devolves the duties
and powers of Postmaster General, in case of his absence,
death, or resignation."]
i NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SIBLEY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up 
i The SPEAKER pro tern., (interrupting.) The
■ House was in committee and the Chair understood
that it was by unanimous consent, and in an in-
i formal manner, that the report of the Committee
! ofConference wasallowed tobemade. The House
! will now resume its session in the committee.
NAVT BILL.
The House accordingly went back into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Orr in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of the Senate amendments to the bill making
appropriations for the support of the Navy.
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is upon an appeal. The gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. McMullin,] moved that the com-
mittee take a recess. The Chair ruled the motion
out of order, and that the committee could not en-
tertain the motion. From that decision the gen-
tleman from Virginia takes an appeal. The ques-
tion is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
thejudgment of this committee?"
The question was put, and the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
