1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1131
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs upon i
the motion of the gentleman from Arkansas, that
thecommittee rise, with the view of submitting a
motion to close the general debate upon the bill.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee (Mr. Orr) reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had had
the state of the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill of the House making appropriations
for the support of the Navy, and had come to no
resolution therein.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I movetheusual
resolution to close debate upon this bill in five
minutes after the committee shall have again re-
sumed its consideration.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move that the
rul es be suspended, and that the House resolve it-
self into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Orr in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill making: appropriations for the
support of the Navy for the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1854.
The first amendment of the Senate was then read, ,
as follows:
" Strike out ^79,448 in the following paragraph : 1
"For pay of commission, warrant, and pettv officers 1
and «eamen, including the Engineer Corps of the Navy,
$-2,879,148;"
" Anil insert in lieu thereof the following:
" Eighty thousand one hundred ami forty-eight dollars :
Provided, That the «alary of the assistant observer or as-
tionomer at the National Observatory shall he «:-2,000, and
the salary of the principal clerk at said Observatory shall
be $ 1,200."
Mr. PHELPS. I move to reduce the appro-
priation one dollar. The amendment of the Sen-
ate proposes to increase the salaries of the assistant
astronomer and the principal clerk at the Observ-
atory in this city. I hope that it will be non-
concurred in; for that assisfantreceives now $1,500
per annum, and the clerk, appointed from civil
life, receives $1,000.
Mr. EVANS. I do not think that during my
whole Congressional life I ever voted for raising
a salary; but I am of the opinion that the present
salary of the astronomer and principal computer
of the Observatory ought to be increased. I am
aware of the fact that it takes more sense to fill
that office than it does to be a member of Con-
gress. 1 do not know how much that takes. It
takes a man of talent and a man of education to
fill that office. The gentleman from Missouri ,
[Mr. Phei.ps] is infinitely mistaken if he does
not know that it requires an extensive education,
and the expenditure of the midnight oil during
many long years of a lifetime to qualify a man
for that office. I hope the amendment will be
concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS then, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment of
the Senate, and it was non-concurred in—there
bein^f, on a division, only 49 ayes.
The next amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
" Insert, after line 10. the following:
'k And the pay ot a purser when attached to and doing
duty at the n ival station of California shall be $4,000 per
annum, and he «hail be allowed a clerk, at a compensation
not exceeding $2,000 per annum."
Mr. PHELPS. This amendment proposes to
increase the salary of the purser who may be sta-
tioned in California, and who, in addition to his
duties as purser, is, by an act of Congress passed
at the last session, required to discharge the duties
of navy agent there. 1 am of the opinion that the
salary of a purser, when he is performing duty on
shore in California, in consideration of the nigh
prices of living there, is wholly inadequate.
Mr. HART. I demand tellers on the amend-
ment. I do not think that there is a quorum
present.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate was read, 1
as follows:
" Insert alter the preceding amendment, the following :
" And the proper accounting officer* of th>  Treasury be,
and thev are hereby, authorized and direeted to allow and
pay, out of anj money in theTrea ury not otherwise appro-
priated, to the officer*, petty officers, and seaman of the
United States N  vy. to the officers, non commissioned offi-
cer?-, musician*, and privates of the Marine Corp*, and to
the officers and men of the revenue service who served in
the Pacific ocean, on the coast of California and Mexico,
during the late war with Mexico, and since the conclusion
of the war up to the 28th of September, 18 >0, the same ad
ditional compensation as has been by law directed to be paid
to the officers and soldier* of the army who served in Oali
forma; and that this provision allowing extra pay, as well
as that contained in the Navy appropriation act of August
31&t, 1852, shall extend to and include all naval storekeep-
ers who were stationed on the Pacific coa«t; and the addi-
tional compensation authorized by the foregoing provision,
a«d by the Navy appropriation act ot 1H52, shall be paid to
the legal representatives ot all deceased person* who would
have been entitled to receive the same if living."
Mr. PHELPS. I think that it was in 1849 or
1850 that Congress increased the compensation of
the officers and soldiers who were engaged in the
service in Oregon and California. At the last ses-
sion of Congress an amendment similar to that
was placed on the naval appropriation bill. My
attention was particularly called to it from the
fact of my having been appointed to serve on the
committee of conference. That committee of con-
ference recommended to their respective Houses
that the officers of the Navy, and the seamen and
marines, and those engaged in the revenue ser-
vice, should be placed precisely on the same foot-
ing that the officers and soldiers of the Army had
been placed. And that is the law at the present
time. This amendment proposes to go back to
the commencement of the war with Mexico, and
to pay the officers and seamen of the Navy, the
marines, and those engaged in the revenue service,
from some time in 184fi to 1849 or 1850, an in-
creased compensation, thus making Army and
Navy unequal in that respect, as they now stand
on the same footing.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
<c Insert after the preceding amendment the following:
"And there shall be allowed to Lieutenant* William
Lewis Herndon and Lardner <iibbon, officers of the United
States Navy, who were engaged upon the exploration of
the; Amazon, the same pav as has been allowed to the
superintendent of the naval astronomical expedition in
Chili, by the act making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice, approved March 1K' 1, during the period of their
service as aforesaid, which period shall be reckoned from
the date on which each officer left tho United States until
the final return of the exploring party/'
Mr. PHELPS. I move that their salaries be
increased to $3,000 per annum, and I (Jo so for
the purpose of ascertaining from some gentlemen
of the Naval Committee what was the salary of
the officer who was sent out to make astronom-
ical observations in Chili. My impiession is, that
it was §3,U00 per annum. 1 desire, if we intend
to increase salaries, that we shall say what they
shall be, and not that they shall be the same as
some other officer has received, without stiting
what he received. I withdraw iny amendment.
The question was taken, and theamendment of
the Senate was non-concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
" Add after these words, ' For pay of superintendents,
naval constructors, and all the civil establishment" at the
several navy-vards and stations, .^10^,the lo'lowing:
" And the first and second clerk* to the commandants of
the principal navy-yards, viz : Boston, New Vork, \Va*tl-
inzton, Norfolk, anil Pensaeola, shall receive the same pay
that the lowest classes of clerks in the bureaus of the Navy
Department now receive respectively; ami each clerk of
the yard in said navy-yards shall receive the same com
pensation as is herein provided lor the first clerks to com-
mandants."
Mr. PHELPS. Here is n proposition to in-
crease the salaries of the clerks of certain navy-
yards, and they are to be made equal to the sala-
ries of certain clerks in certain bureaus of the
Navy Department in this city. I do not under-
stand it. We have already changed the salaries
of clerks in the public offices in this city, and I
hope this amendment will be disagreed to.
Mr CARTTER. And so do I.
The question was taken, and theamendment
of the Senate was disagreed to.
The next amendment (No. 1) of the Senate, to
insert after line 13, the following, was read:
" For pipes for carrying gas to and fixtures for lighting
with it the National Observatary, .^-2,000."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-coneurred in.
The second amendment of the Senate was to
insert, after the second line on the fifth page of the
bill, the following:
" For contingent expenses, not enumerated, $*5,000."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
The third amendment of the Senate:
" Insert, after these word*.' Fornnprovement and repair
of building and grounds, and support of Nav.tl Academy
at Annapolis, Maryland, .*46.059,' the following :
ki For purchase of land, extending walls, making new
roads and wharf, building ami furnishing lio-pitat, arid
changing the fronts of hon-es at the Naval Academy at
Annapolis, Maryland, $•18,000.'"
Mr. PHELPS. This appropriation was before
the Committee on Ways and Means when they
reported the naval bill, and they did not think
that it was expedient to make the appropriation.
Mr. BOWIE. That appropriation is recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Navy, who has
the Naval Academy in charge. It is imperatively
necessary, and I hope that it will be adopted.
Mr. WALSH. I would ask the chairman of
the Committee on Ways and Means whether that
appropriation is not predicated on the estimates of
the Navy Department? The ground has been
purchased, and the improvements enumerated in
the amendment, which are alt necessary, are now
going on at that locality. The Secretary of the
Navy has told us that this appropriation is ne-
cessary to complete those improvements for the
proper accommodation of the officers and mid-
shipmen at that establishment. I hope we will
not reject this appropriation on the mere declara-
tion of a member of the Ways and Means that
they had it before them, and thought it inexpe-
dient, although recommended by the proper De-
partment of the Government, unless they lay be-
fore us some data to justify their conclusion. I
trust the amendment will be adopted.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
the Senate was non-concurred in.
Amendment of the Senate, (numbered three and
a half:)
In pigp o, line 9, after the following clause:
" For meteorological observations, to bp conducted under
the directions of the Secretary ofthe Navy, .$-2,000,"
" Insert the tollowing :
" And the Secretary of the Navy i<* hereby authorized to
settle all existing controversies as to the ti'le to nnv portions
of Salt mart h, near the hinds of the Naval Ho-piuSm ('he I-
sea, in the county of Suffolk and Commonwealth of Mas-
sachusetts. and to ''ell and convey the right, title, and inter-
est or the United States in so much of said marsh as he may
deem expedient, upon the terms and conditions recom-
mended in a report from the Bureau of N-iw Yards and
Docks upon the suhject, dated January 17, 1-Oi"
Mr. PHELPS. I presume that this is intended
to enable the Secretary of the Navy to give the
right of way, or something of that kind, across
the land belonging to the Government at Chelsea.
It will be recollected tl at the other day the gen-
tleman who repiesentsthe town of Chelsea had an
act passed under a suspension of the rules to per-
mit the Secretary of the Navy to give the right of
way over the Government grounds near Chelsea
Hospital, in the State of Massachusetts. If that
gentleman is here hecan inform the House whether
I am right tn my impression. I refer to it for the
purpose of having him make an explanation. If I
am right in my conjecture, everything has been
accomplished that is desirable.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
Fourth amendment of the Senate, to amend the
following clause:
" For cooper's shop and watchman's quarters, dredging
tn trout and pointing and puddling stone basin, boiler-
room, boilers, engine, anil machinery, reservoti tirensrine-
housp, pipe-, gutters, drains, and cisterns, grading ^ard
near timber shed, and 'or repairs of all kinds, including
care of floating dock, ^53,107.
"Amend the above clau>e by inserting after the word
1 quarter-,' the words 4 foundations of ways for launching
and hauling up."
The fifth amendment:
Insert in the above clause, after the word { cisterns,
the words ( removing ledge, and "
The sixth amendment:
"Insert m the above clause, after the words'timber-
shed,'the umds ' drj-dock and railway chapel "
The seventh amendment:
" After the word ' dock* m the above c'nise. strike out
1 $33,107,' and insert in heu thereofs n
