1132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. PHELPS. I will state to the committee
that i Ins is a restoration of the estimates submitted
to us by the Secretary of the Treasury for repairs
of the tiavy-vard at Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
The Committee on Ways and Means recommend
that which was contained in the lull, but they are
not in favor of building a chapel at that or any
other yard. The other improvements which are
mentioned they believe are not necessary. I sug-
gest that the vote be taken upon the four amend-
ments just read, which have reference to the Ports-
mouth iiavy-yard.
Tlie que-moii was taken upon the amendments,
and thev were not agreed to.
The following clause of the bill was read:
" Bistm, Mawachnwtts—For rebuilding -in Hhery, coop-
erage, ami paekinir-house, coal lion-e for rope-walk en- !
gnu'-j. stoiie-wall west ot" tunbrr-dock, rebuildm:; battery,
grading and pivini tiniher—hcd number tliirtv-oiie, and
for repairs of all kinds, ••J!'I,-460."
The eighth amendment of the Senate:
" .Vier I'M' word • for,' in t'ic above paragraph, insert
'macaine slups anu fou idery.' "
Tlie ninth amendment of the Senate:
"Insert 111 the ab>ve clause, after the word 'engines'
the ivord • chapel." "
The tenth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert in the above clause, after the word ' battery,' the
words ' shear-wharf, hauling slip gutters."'
The eleventh amendment of the Senate:
" After the word 1 kinds.' in the above clause, strike out
'81,4511,' and insert in lieu thereof ' 119,600.' "
Mr. PHELPS. These amendments are to re-
store the estimates submitted by the Secretary of
the Navy for improvements at the navy-yard at
Boston and Charlestown.
The question was taken upon the amendments,
and they were not agreed to.
The following clause of the bill was then read:
" yew Ytrk. X'-'r York.—For completing engine houses,
$30,000; for repairsofall kinds, ,fl8,OOtl."
The twelfth amendment of the Senate:
" Strike out the above clause, and insert the following : !
" For completing commander's house, smithery, timber-
shed, lime, pitch, and coal house, continuing quay wall,
muster office, coal wharf, dredging channel and piers, com-
plftinst engine house, culvert, and remaining piles in front
of dock, fillinff in timber pond and low places, paving gut- ;
ters and flagging, and for repairs of all kinds, ^249,320."
Mr. PHELPS. I move an amendment pro
forma. This is a restoration of the estimates for
the support of the navy-yard at Brooklyn. The
Secretary of the Navy estimated as important and
necessary for repairs and improvements of that
yard the sum of $249,320. The Committee on
Ways and Means, in their examination of that
matter, concluded to report two estimates only—
one for building the engine-house $30,000, and
for repairs of all kinds $18,000. The amount of
§30,000 for building an engine-house was required
to pay expenses already incurred. The other is a
general appropriation for repairs of all kinds. The
committee will perhaps be desirous of knowing
why the Committee on Ways and Means cut
down the residue of these estimates. It was for
the reason that the State of New York has not
ceded to the United States jurisdiction over the late
purchase which was made at that navy-yard; and
for another reason, that the Committee on Ways
and Means was also informed that the corporate
authorities of either the city of Brooklyn or New
York had granted to some individual the right to
extend a pier for six hundred feet just below the
navy-yard, to cross a portion of the channel, the
result of which would be that the extended pier
will prove a great obstruction, as it would pass up
to the navy-yard, or the dry-dock, and must ne-
cessarily fill up the channel. The committee
therefore concluded that until New York shall
cede jurisdiction over this land, which belonged to
the (government, and which we lately bought, and
unless they ceased making these obstructions to
the use of that navy-yard, it was inexpedient to
make any more appropriations.
Mr. BOVVNE. I am opposed to the gentle-
man's amendment. He states that this appropri-
ation was refused because the city of New York
had refused to cede jurisdiction over this land to
the Government. I have to say, in that connec-
tion, this: The corporation of Brooklyn have
come to an amicable arrangement with the Secre-
tary of the Navy, and that a member—a member
of the Committee on Ways and Means—received
a telegraphic dispatch this morning from Albany,
that the Brooklyn jurisdiction bill has gone to a ]
third reading, and will be passed. Tiiis is un- i
doubtedly true, for there is nothing, and there I
never has been anything to prevent its passage.
The opposition to tlie measure is entirely removed.
1 will say, furthermore, that there has been no
such dock projected, and the consent of Brooklyn
or New York could never be gained to building
any such dock; and no man but a sheer idiot .
would think of building such a dock. If he did I
build it, he could not in any possible way affect
the egress and ingress to the navy-yard. So 1
think I have done with that objection. I trust
that the committee, without furtner delay, will
make the necessary and proper appropriations for
this navy-yard. They are small in comparison
to the wants of the yard and the Government.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 will withdraw my amend-
ment. I was about to propose another amend-
ment. The gentleman from New York and my-
self do not understand this matter alike. There
is a very material difference in our understanding
of it. I move to strike out the first line.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I rise to a question of
order. 1 admire the gentleman's zeal, but 1 do
not think he is in order in taking the floor twice.
I make the point of order that the same gentleman
cannot move two amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. The first amendment has
been withdrawn. The Chair assigned the gentle-
man the floor, and he unquestionably has the right
after withdrawing his first amendment to offer a
second.
Mr. PHELPS. All I desire is, that the com-
mittee may have a fair understanding of this mat-
ter. i desire not to misrepresent this matter in
any particular whatever. A diagram was sub-
' mitted to the Committee on Ways and Means
j with all thegrounds markedoutupon it connected
1 with the Brooklyn navy-yard, and upon that dia-
1 gram was the plan of a pier; and we were informed
by Commodore Smith, having charge of the yards,
that liberty had been given to some person, whose
name I do not recollect, to extend a pier for six
hundred feet, commencing upon the Brooklyn side
of the Wallabout channel, and running out into
I the ship channel.
Mr. BOWNE. With the gentleman's permis-
sion, I will state that no pier can be built without
the permission of the corporation of Brooklyn.
The Mayor, who left here the day before yester-
day, and who came here authorized by the cor-
poration to settle this matter, informed me that
no such grant had ever been made, and never
would be while he was Mayor.
Mr. PHELPS. One moment, if you please. I
desire to know of the gentleman from New York
whether the city of Brooklyn does not claim to low-
water mark, on the Brooklyn side, jurisdiction, as
far as jurisdiction can be exercised by either New
York or Brooklyn? Does not the city of New
York license those ferries which are to run be-
tween the city of New York and Brooklyn, and
does she not claim jurisdiction as far as any city
can claim jurisdiction over navigable water, to low-
water mark on the Long Island side?
| Mr. BOWNE. They are licensed by the Le-
' gislature of New York.
Mr. PHELPS. Which city grants the license?
! Mr. BOWNE. They have grants from both
cities. They have to get a grant from the Legis-
lature to obtain authority from both cities.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 ask whether the city of New
York can grant the right of way to the city of
Brooklyn?
Mr. BOWNE. She cannot without the consent
of Brooklyn.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask how long the
jurisdiction of this land has been withheld ?
Mr. PHELPS. The jurisdiction has been with-
held, on the purchase made in 1848, from that
; time to the present.
j Mr. HUNTER. I think we had better not
i make the appropriation until we have jurisdiction
! of the matter.
j Mr. DEAN. I desire to say to the gentleman
' from Missouri, and to the committee, that last
i year the city of Brooklyn attempted to exercise
1 this jurisdiction of granting the exclusive right for
ferries. But in a case which was tried in the
Supreme Court of New York, in which I was
I myself engaged, they decided that the city of
| Brooklyn had no such authority whatever.
I Mr. PHELPS. Then the authority belongs to
; the city of New York, of granting this right of
way- I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. DEAN. [ move to ad_d the following:
Provided, That 110 part of the money shall he expended
until the city of New Vork shall cede Iier jurisdiction to the
United SUUcs.
I see that the objection to this amendment which
has been presented by the Committee on Ways
and Means reduces itself to this: In the first place
New York claims jurisdiction and exercises it. If
this proviso is adopted it will cut them oft". The
other objection which has been made was in rela-
tion to the ferries.
Mr. BOWNE. I simply want to say on the
part of Brooklyn, that I most cheerfully accept
that amendment. I do not want to spend a dollar
till the United States get full jurisdiction.
Mr. DEAN. This amendment meets the first
objection, and the second is met by the decision of
the supreme court of the State.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think that nothing ought to
be done in this matter until the conditions which
the gentleman from New York has inserted shall
be complied with, even if then. I would not ap-
propriate a single dollar until this difficulty about
title and jurisdiction was settled. It has been a
fundamental principle of this Government never to
put the money down until we get a fair title and
jurisdiction. We ought not to put the public
money down until the title has been extinguished
and jurisdiction ceded. They can wait twelve
months until the next Congress meets. We ought
not to rely upon telegraphic dispatches that may
! never be carried out.
i Mr. LETCHER. I move that the committee
| rise, with a view of stopping the debate upon this
j subject. We had it all yesterday.
The question was put, and the motion was not
! agreed to.
! So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. SCHOONMAKER. I wish to make a
single statement. It has been alleged here that
the authorities of New York or Brooklyn ceded
the jurisdiction. Now, under the laws of New
York, neither the city of New York nor of Brook-
lyn have power to grant the right to build a dock.
1 That power is vested entirely in the State of New
York.
Mr. DEAN. I have modified my amendment
so as to make it read:
, Provided, That no part of the appropriation shall be ex-
pended until the State of New York shall cede the jurisdic-
tion over the navy-yard to the United States, and until the
title to said land is settled.
Mr. BOWNE. I hope that amendment will
' be adopted.
ji Mr. STUART. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Meade and
Penniman were appointed.
The question was put, and the tellers reported—
, ayes 88, noes not counted.
So Mr. Dean's amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the Senate
amendment as amended.
Mr. PHELPS. I move an amendment to the
Senate amendment, so that in the event the com-
mittee should adopt it, certain expenditures may
be made at this yard before even jurisdiction may
be ceded to the Government of the United States.
1 There is an amount due for completing the engine-
house, and for repairs of all kinds. In the event
; jurisdiction is not ceded to the Government of the
; United States by the State of New York, those
two items, amounting to $48,000, will be neces-
sary during the ensuing fiscal year. 1 move to
| add at the end of the proviso these words:
I Except so much as may be necessary for completing en-
] gine house, and repairs of all kinds.
| Mr. THOMAS H. HOWE. Do I under-
' stand the gentleman from Missouri to say that
there is already a debt due for work done at the
navy-yard ?
Mr. PHELPS. The fact of the case is this:
There was a continuing contract for the comple-
tion of the engine-house connected with the dry-
dock, and a sufficient amount will be needed during
the early part of the fiscal year to pay the con-
tractors.
Mr. SACKETT. Do I understand that the
amendment of the gentleman is to cover a debt
already incurred, and that has been incurred in
the completion of the engine-house, which is ne-
cessary in the use of the dry-dock that has been
constructed ?
