ms.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1133
Mr PHELPS. The Houseadoptedtheseitems:
<♦ For I'ompk'tnis en£ ine-hi>u>e, $30,000.
•• For roping or all kiml?,
1 mere! v wish to have those items excepted from
the operation of the amendment of the gentleman
from X(* Vork, and to have them appropriated
in any event.
Mr. SACKETT. Certainly.
Mr. PHELPS. The residue of the items are
to be subject to the restriction contained in the
proviso.
Mr. SACKETT. You cannot use the dry-dock
without the enyme-house.
Mr. CAKTTER. I think there has been time
enonjh consumed upon this subject, and if there
isa disposition to debate it further, I shall move that
the committee rise for the purpose of closing de-
bate.
Thequestion was takenon Mr.PHELPs'samend-
mptit, and it was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate as amended was
then concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment of the Senate:
*' Page 10. line Jtl, after the word 1 of' insert, 'com-
mander'^ quarter*, conveying water into navy-yard and
reservoirso as to make the paragraph read :
•• For filling in timber dock, completion of comraand-
der's quarters, conveying water into navy-yard and reser-
voir. extending boiler shop," Sic.
Mr. PHELPS. That is an estimate for repairs
and improvements in the navy-yard in this city.
The Committee on Ways and Means struck out
those two items, deeming them unnecessary. The
Senate have restored them.
The question was taken; and the amendment of
the Senate was disagreed to.
Fourteenth amendment of the Senate:
' gas-fii-
th e
shop and office building, cisterns tor rope-walk, culvert from ! |
rope-walk to river, pavements, drains, ditches, and privies,
and for repairs of all kinds, !!
The question was taken, and the amendments
of the Senate were disagreed to.
Twenty-second amendment of the Senate:
" Page i<, line 19, after the word ' for,'insert' a foundery,
machine-shop.'"
Twenty-third amendment of the Senate:
"Line twenty, (same page,) after the word £ storehouse,'
insert' boiler-shop, engine-chop, and pattern-shop.' "
Twenty-fourth amendment of the Senate:
''Same line, alter the word 'wharf,' insert 'and for a '
steam-engine and machinery, including transportation.' "
Twenty-fifth amendment of the Senate:
"Same line, strike out ••$100,000,' and insert in lieu
thereof, 1
Mr. PHELPS. Those amendments relate to
the completion of the navy-yard at San Francisco,
California. The House appropriated $100,000,
and the Senate have stricken that out, and inserted
$500,000. I hope we shall take one vote upon
those amendments. If the amendments are adopt-
ed, the clause will read:
" San Francisco, California.—For a foundery, machine-
shop, blacksmith-shop, carpenter shop, storehouse, boiler
shop, engine-idiop, pattern !-liop, and wharf, and for a steam
engine and machinery, including transportation, $500,000.''
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ments of the Senate were disagreed to.
Twenty-sixth amendment of the Senate:
" Line twenty-one, (same page,) in the clause appropri-
ating for Sau Francisco, California, after the word ' sum,'
insert 'orany part thereof.'"
Twenty-seventh amendment of the Senate: J
" In line twenty-three, after the word 'to,' insert 'and ,
jurisdiction ot" 1
So as to make the proviso read:
"Provided, That before this sum, or any part thneof,
shall be expended, the Attorney General of the United
States ihall decide that the United States have good tille to
and jurisdiction of the land upon which the buildings are
to be erected."
Mr. PHELPS. That is a proviso respecting
the California navy-yard. It is right, and ought
to be adopted.
The question was taken, and the amendments
of the Senate were concurred in.
Twenty-seventh and a half amendment of the ,
Senate:
" Page 8, after line 24, insert:
"And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby directed to
complete and carry into execution the verbal contract for a
basin and railway in California, in connection with the
floating dry-dock, as made by the late Secretary in pursu-
ance of authority for that purpose given by the act of Sep-
tember 2d, 1850, entitled 1 An act making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending 30th June, 18.11,' and
. as stated in the letter of said late Secretary, addressed to
the Hon. Howell Cobb, Speaker of the House of Represent
atives, dated the 21st day of January, 1B51, towards the
I execution of which $150,000 is hereby appropriated : Pro-
1' videi, That in tBe judgment of the Secretary, such basin
' I and railway we necesMry, and will be ■seful to the public
service."
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to strike out $150,000.
Mr. Chairman, I rise for the purpose of ma-
king a brief statement in relation to this scheme
which has been presented, and forced upon this
House more than once, and has as often been re-
jected. These persons who have the patent for
this dry-dock, basin and railway, came to this
Houseasmuchas five years ago, and represented
that by this discovery a great saving could be
made to the Government, that a dry-dock, basin
and railway could be built for about $300,000 an-
swering a better purpose than a stone dock. Un-
der these circumstances, a provision was inserted
in the naval bill, giving them a contract for the con-
struction of one of these docks at the navy-yatds
of Pensacola, Kittery, and Philadelphia; and these
docks, basins, and railways, which were to be
built for about $300,000 each, have already cost
the Government $2,600,000. They then came
here some time during the last Congress and
asked for ft small appropriation of $100,000 or
#150,000 to build one in California in pursuance
of a clause in the naval bill of the year before, and
the clause was repealed by Congress upon a full
review of the whole question. The Secretary of
Page 8, line 10, after the word MumV strike out Nftvy stated that he had entered into a verbal
'* Page 7, line 4, after the word 'guns,' insert
tares, and gas t'nr lighting yard." "
Mr. PHELPS. That is another item in
same paragraph.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
the Senate was disagreed to.
Fifteenth amendment of the Senate:
'• Page 7. line 7, strike out ' 162' and insert in lieu there-
of -ilW.' ••
Mr. PHELPS. That is, in fact, a part of the
same amendment, increasing the appropriation.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
the Senate was disagreed to.
Sixteenth amendment of the Senate:
"Page 7, line 11, after the word 'timber-dock,' insert
'carpenters'workshop, and cart-shed, building for muster
and oilier offices.' "
Mr. PHELPS. That is a restoration of some
estimates for the Norfolk navy-yard. The Com-
mittee on Ways and Means struck out those
items and reduced the appropriation accordingly.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
the Senate was disagreed to.
Seventeenth amendment of the Senate:
" Page 7, line 17, after the word 'and,' strike out • four-
teen' and insert in lieu thereof ' sixty.' "
Mr. PHELPS. That is really part of the same
amendment. It is to increase the appropriation
so as to conform to the foregoing amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
the Senate was disagreed to.
Eighteenth amendment of the Senate:
'•Page 8, line 4, after the word 'and,' strike out
' A-2-J1;tj,' and insert in lieu thereof ' >61,50.5 so as to
make the paragraph read :
" Penuicola, Florida.—For permanent wharf, paint-shops,
and cooperage, construction of deep basin and dredging,
rebuilding central wharf and wharves! and C, smoke-stack
and efte-uling machine-shops, mooring-ancliors, cables and
fixture^ for m if.nng and operating floaung dock, and for re
pairs of all kinds, .~61,.r>05."
The question was taken and the amendment of
the Senate was disagreed to.
Nineteenth amendment of the Senate:
" Page 8, line 7, after the word ' for,' insert' excavation,
embankment, and grading."'
Twentieth amendment of the Senate:
"Line 10, (same page,) after the word 'river,' insert
'pavements, drains, ditches, and privies.' "
Twenty-first amendment of the Senate:
' $ 13.976," and insert in lieu thereof, $126
Mr. PHELPS. Those amendments relate to
the Memphis navy-yard. If adopted, they will
make the clause read as follows:
" Memphis, Tenneuee.—For excavation, embankment,
tad grading, competing hemp-bouse, completing blacksmith
contract for a dry-dock, basin, and railway, for
which the contractors were to receive about
4150,000; but the House of Representatives, as
1 sai'd in the presence of gentlemen upon this
floor the other day, after a full review of the
whole case repealed that law so far as the basin
and railway were concerned.
Mr. Graham, in a special report, referred to that
subject, and told us that for $425,000 a dry-dock
might be built suitable for all the purposes of the
Government. But now these very contractors,
who were charged by other parties seeking the
contract with expending $90,800 in bribery, to
get this dry-dock appropriation through the House,
after taking a contract for $625,000 under the act
repealing the law tinder which they claimed a verbal
contract, come forward and insist upon this ver-
bal contract being carried into effect; and they have
induced the Senate to put into this amendment a
provision which, if adopted, is to overslaugh this
House, after it has, upon a full examination of the
subject, repealed the law under which this verbal
contract was entered into. Instead of a dry-dock
at $425,000, we get a dock for $625,000 reported,
to us, with the assurance that as soon as it is done
it will answer all the purposes of the Government.
You have established this dock under a public
pledge of a public officer of the Government, that
it will answer all the purposes for which a dock is
needed, and yet gentlemen come forward and tell
us that it is worthless unless you build a basin
and railway. 1 have only to say that if it is true
that we must now build this basin and railway,
when we have the pledge of a public officer of the
Government that it would not be required, the offi-
cers who first made these estimates and this state-
ment must have been entirely incompetent.
Mr. EWING. I desire to ask the gentleman
if the Secretary of the Navy, who is a good Whig,
and in whose recommendations 1 have entire con-
fidence, did not recommend this appropriation as
absolutely necessary?
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not wish to hear any-
thing from the gentleman about Whig or Demo-
crat. I want honest men in this House, of all
parties, to unite with me to protect the Treasury.
Mr. EWING. But will the gentleman tell me
whether the Secretary did not recommend this as
absolutely essential to render the appropriations
already made available ? •
Mr. TOOMBS. The gentleman must go to the
Secretary's report for his recommendation. I am
stating the parliamentary history of this question,
and not discussing the Secretary's recommenda-
tion.
Mr. EWING. But the gentleman speaks
about bribery.
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, I have only stated what
1 know. 1 have not brought in the statement of
the Secretary of the Navy, and if the gentleman
chooses to rely upon him, let him do so. I am
only stating the legislative history of the question.
1 have no personal knowledge of any bribery. I
only sta'e that charges were made by these peo-
ple that $90,000 had been expended in bribery in
getting the first contracts, and that the parties
charged and the parties making the charge have
become very quiet on the subject, and I presume
have shared the public plunder.
Mr. EWING. When were these charges
made ?
Mr. TOOMBS. After the passage of the first
contract by the House of Representatives. I pre-
sume these parties charged were joint contractors
for the buildine of this dock.
Mr. EWING. But I desire to know at what
time were they made ?
Mr. TOOA1BS. I do not know the precise
time.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Georgia.
That gentleman has undertaken to state what are
facts to this committee, and I have no doubt that
has been his intention, but I think he is very far
from having done so.
Mr. TOOMBS. I shall be very glad to be cor-
rected.
Mr. STANTON. These parties, who subse-
quently united, had different inventions, one for a
sectional dock, and the other for a balance dock;
but a union between these parties was made seven
or eight years ago, and had no reference to this
dock in California. There was no such union
made at that time as was represented by the gen-
tleman from Georgia, as I understood him.
Mr. TOOMBS. What I stated was charged
by these parties was made in writing and laid
upon the desk of every member during the last
