THE CONGRESSIONAL GT/ffiE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
$&> Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 1853.
New Series...No. 72.
•isteace for officers and par for undrawn clothing and ra
tons, (vHiniu1- tor reenhstment and pay tor unexpired terms
of previous service, -14."
Mr. BELL. What do the Committee on Ways
and Means recommend?
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee on Ways and
Means reported all that was estimated for by the
Secretary of the Treasury. I presume that this
has reference to a bill for the reorganization of the
Navy, but I do not know that such is the case.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ments of the Senate were disagreed to.
Thirty-sixth amendment of the Senate:
11 For removal of obstructions at Cape Fear entrance,
caused by works placed by the Government for the protec
tion oi the site of Fort Caswell, so as to afford access to the
harbor with in the bar, .$50,000."
Mr. VENABLE. I move to amend theSenate
amendment by increasing the appropriation one
dollar.
1 hold in my hand the resolutions of the Legis-
lature of North Carolina, requesting an appropri-
ation for the removal of these obstructions from
the mouth of Cape Fear river, and I will briefly
inform the committee of the facts in regard to this
matter.
In former times, and before the Government of
the United States placed Fort Caswell at the mouth
of Cape Fear river, we had eighteen or twenty feet
of water—sufficient to float ships of the largest
size. The Government of the United States put
Fort Caswell there, and in order to protect it from
being undermined, built jetties which have caused
the sand to accumulate and fill up the channel, so
that we have now only about ten and a half feetof
water. Now, I am opposed to internal improve-
ments on the part of the General Government, but
when the Government places obstructions in a
channel, it is bound, upon every principle, to re-
move those obstructions.
Mr. CLINGMAN, (interrupting.) The House
will remember that the last Congress appropriated
$80,000 for the removal of the wreck of the frigate
Missouri at Gibraltar.
Mr. VENABLE. Yes, sir, you appropriated
$80,000 for the removal of the wreck of the Mis-
souri from the harbor of Gibraltar. You went
across the ocean for the purpose of removing the
obstruction produced by one of your vessels. In
this instance, you have so changed the direction of
the sand, as to obstruct the channel, and render
one of the most thrifty and enterprising towns in
North Carolina utterly inaccessible. We do not
ask you to make a harbor, but simply to restore j
to us the advantages which nature gave us ad- 1
vantages which we enjoyed before you built your '
fort and placed these obstructions in our channel
for the protection of its foundations. We have
asked for nothing heretofore. We have received
nothing, and now we only ask that you will place
us where we stood before you obstructed our ,
channel.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I only heard a por- i
tion of the remarks of the gentleman from North 1
Carolina, [Mr. Ve.vable,] and I cannot, there-
fore, fully reply to him. This subject has, how-
ever, come under my observation and my investi-
gation, and I have the authority of the proper ,
officers of the Coast Survey, that this effect of |
lessening the depth of the channel at the mouth
of Cape Fear river is not produced by the jetties :
Elaced there by the direction of the Grovernment, I
ut by the wasting away of the island upon the i
opposite side of the river. There was a time
when it was supposed that the action of the water |
at this point was undermining the foundations of ;j
Fort Caswell; and under the supervision of the ,
Engineer Corps these jetties were placed there; ,
but the effect of which the gentleman from North
Carolina now complains was not produced by J
them, but by the washing away of the island upon
the opposite side of the river.
Mr. VENABLE. We have the report of Pro-
fessor Bache upon that point.
Mr. FULLER. Well, sir, I have my informa-
tion from one of the officers of the Coast Survey.
He says the fact of the filling up of the mouth of
72
the river is not to be denied, but that subsequent
surveys show that it is produced by the wearing
away of this island, and that the only way to re-
lieve the difficulty, and prevent the channel of the
river from continuing to fill up, is to throw out
jetties upon the opposite side of the river.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the gentleman to
allow me for a moment. What he states is cor-
rect in part. It is true that the washing away of
this island, and the widening of the river at that
point nearly two miles, has produced the effect of
which we complain, but it is also true that the
washing away of this island was the effect of the
jetties thrown out by order of the Government for
the protection of the foundations of Fort Caswell.
Those jetties changed the current of the river to
the opposite side, where it has ever since been
gradually washing away the island and widening
the river, until it has entirely destroyed the cur-
rent, and filled up the channel until it is but seven
i and a half feet deep.
Mr. FULLER. Can the gentleman tell me how
far these jetties extend into the river?
Mr. CLINGMAN. They were sufficient to
change the current of the river.
Mr. FULLER. That is not the point. The
gentleman tells us that the mouth of this river has
filled up; and I presume there can be no question
of that fact; but as I have remarked, the cause can
be found in the washing away of this island—not
on account of the jetties placed there by the Gov-
ernment. It is also true that many of the rivers
upon our southern sea-board have been rapidly
filling up within the last six months, and 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. VENABLE. I desire to withdraw my
amendment.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I move to re-
duce the appropriation onedorfar.
Mr. Chairman, I move this amendment for the
purpose of making one or two comments upon this
course of legislation, and especially upon the course
of my friend from North Carolina [Mr. Vena-
ble] in relation to it; and I hope the gentleman
will do me the favor to listen to what I have to
say. I do not understand how it is that gentle-
men who are so much opposed to all works of
internal improvement upon the part of this Gov- j
ernment generally, can be so much in favor of
the same species of works, when they lie within !
the limits of their own State. Now, here is an
appropriation for the purpose of removing ob-
structions at the mouth of die Cape Fear river,
and my State-Rights friend from North Carolina,
notwithstanding all his opposition to internal im-
provements, is in favor of it. Why, if I were to
propose an appropriation of $5,000 for removing
obstructions in the Pascagoula, he would oppose it.
[Laughter.] Certainly he would; and that is the
difference between the Cape Fear and the Pasca-
goula. Now, I maintain that a river in Missis-
sippi is as much entitled to the guardianship of
this Government as one in North Carolina. It is a
larger river. The Pascagoula is one of the largest
in that region of country. It is seven miles wide
at its mouth, and runs up considerably. [Much
laughter J
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I want to ask
the gentleman a question.
Mr. BROWN. The gentleman can have the
floor when I get through. Now, I say to my
State-Rights friend from North Carolina that so
long as he is upon nearly all occasions found
upon the side of anti-internal improvements
upon the part of this Government, I am surprised
to see him coming out for such an amendment as
this. I do not expect anything better from my
friend from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] for he is
fenerally in favor of such things, and I have no
oubt he has something to ask for Savannah;
though I do not think Savannah needs any such
thing now. But you take the Pascagoula and
Cape Fear rivers, and I think the Pascagoula is
much the best deserving the patronage of the Gov-
ernment. Why, sir, we have perpetual music
upon the Pascagoula. If they have any music
upon the Cape Fear they have to make it them-
selves; but we have music upon the Pascagoula
that comes by nature, and it is capital music,
better than any I ever heard in North Carolina.
But to be serious, I tell this committee that this
thing of ingrafting projects for internal improve-
ments upon your naval appropriation bill is all
wrong; and if the Senate put such amendments
upon the bill I hope the House will strike them
out. If we are to pass the amendment for the im-
provement of the Cape Fear river, why should we
not go on and add other amendments for the im-
provement of the Mississippi and all its vast trib-
utaries? If we are to improve the mouth of this
river in North Carolina, why should we not go
on and improve the mouths of the inland rivers
in Mississippi, and of all the other States of the
Union? Sir, I speak seriously when I say that
if North Carolina has claims upon the National
Treasury for the improvement of this river, there
is not a State in this Union which has not claims
upon the Treasury for similar purposes; there is
not a gentleman upon this floor who has not claims
for his own district. Gentlemen say the Govern-
ment placed these obstructions in the river. Well,
suppose the Government did put them there 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Mr. Chairman,
I think when the Government have placed these
j obstructions in the mouth of this river, it ought to
J remove them. I opposed the fortification bill when
\ it came to this House in the shape of the Senate
amendment, and one of my reasons for doing so was
that this Fort Caswell, which has been placed there
by this Government, has, according to the report
of the officers of the Coast Survey, filled up the
mouth of the Cape Fear river. The gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Fuller] has alluded to the opin-
ion of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey, in
relation to the cause of the filling up of this river.
Sir, I have before me a letter of that officer, in
which he speaks of these obstructions.
In speaking of Fort Caswell and the jetty, he
(Mr. Bache) says:
" It is my opinion that they have completely answered
that purpose, but in so doing have increased the wash on
the opposite side at Baldhead, which point should be pre-
served in the way provided for Oak Island, as its removal
is one of the causes of the shoaling of the bar."
Mr. FULLER. What is the date of that
letter ?
Mr'. STEPHENS. It is dated the 28th of Feb-
ruary, 1853, only a few days ago. This letter
says removal is necessary, or that river will be
entirely obstructed.
Now, Mr. Chairman, in relation to the compar-
ative merits of the Pascagoula and Cape Fear
rivers, I have nothing to say. But where the Gov-
ernment have placed obstructions in the mouth of
a river they ought to remove them; and for this
reason I am in favor of this amendment.
The gentleman says I have something to ask
for the Savannah. Well, sir, the Government,
by its order, placed obstructions in the mouth of
that river in 1779, which have obstructed the nav-
igation of that river from that day to this, and I
! say it ought to remove them.
Now, in relation to the general subject of inter-
nal improvements, of which the gentleman from
Mississippi has spoken, I will say only this: I
have no doubt of the power to make internal im-
provements, and I have voted for such bills, but I
j do not believe, in the main, that it is expedient to
pass them.
Mr. TAYLOR. If the gentleman will allow
me to interrupt him, I desire to know what ob-
structions the Government placed in the mouth of
the Savannah?
Mr. STEPHENS. In the time of the Revolu-
tion, when the approach of a British fleet was
expected, they sunk ships in the mouth of that
river to prevent the British vessels from entering.
Mr. TAYLOR. Then they ought to be re-
Mr.'STEPHENS. Why, during the last
Congress an appropriation was made of $70,UUU
