1138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
or S^O.OOO for the purpsse of raising the Missouri,
l.i the Mediterranean sea. Here is an appropria-
tion for precisely the same purpose. This Gov-
ernment has taken upon itself to raise one of
our vessels which had been sunk accidentally in a
foreign sea, when we haye upon our own coast a
case where a number of ships have been sunk by
the order of the Government, and which have for
years obstructed the navigation of the Savannah
river, and I ask the House whether it is not right
that the Government should remove these obstruc- 1
tions ?
[Here the hammer fell.] ;
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
[A message was here received from the Senate, i
by Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, informing the f
House that it had agreed to the report of the (
Committee of Conference upon the disasreein?
votes of the two Houses on the bill of the House
No. 337, entitled " A bill making: appropriations
' for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
' ernment for the fiscal year ending the 30th June,
• 1834."]
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The question was then taken, and Mr. Brown's
amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 move to reduce the amend-
ment two dollars.
Mr. Chairman, we have before us a bill making
appropriations for the support of the Navy. By
the rules of this House, the Committee on Ways
and Means, and every member upon this floor,
are prohibited from offering any amendment to
that bill, making any appropriation, except for
«uch works as are authorized by existing laws.
It has been my desire, and I believe the desire of
every other member of the Committee on Ways
and Means, to preserve the purity of our appro-
priation bills, and not to make them the medium
of general or special legislation. But in the amend-
ments to these bills which have been adopted by
the Senate, you have a fortification bill attached
to your Army bill, you have an internal improve-
ment bill attached to your naval appropriation bill,
and you have another bill for the reorganization
of the Navy attached to the same bill, besides a
multitude of other minor matters which the Sen-
ate in its wisdom have seen fit to adopt and
send to us for our concurrence. It is well known
that there is very strong opposition in this House
to a general system of internal improvements; and
so far as I am concerned, I carry my opposition
against all these river and harbor improvements.
But, for the purpose of testing the House, the Sen-
ate have sent down all these appropriations for
rivers and harbors, and for all other purposes,
which are not the legitimate subjects of legislation
in an appropriation bill. They have attached
these to those bills for the purpose of forcing the
House into a concurrence in these measures. Sir,
for one, I shall be willing to see this bill lost be-
fore I will consent to such an agreement. I am
not to be driven nor dragooned into legislation by
a coordinate branch of the National Legislature.
If it be right to report appropriations for internal
improvements in these appropriation bills, then
bring in your western rivers, bring in your har-
bors upon the Atlantic coast as well as upon the
Pacific coast, and do not specify one or two items
of appropriation which we must adopt or lose the
appropriation bills. Sir, I hope the House will
not cunsent to this project of making appropria-
tions for purposes of internal improvement and
placing them in your general appropriation bills.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire that the Speaker
shall take the chair informally, in order to allow
me to make a report from the Committee of Con-
ference upon the civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope not. I hope the gen-
tleman from Alabama will allow us to go on and
act upon the remaining amendments to this bill.
We can go through with them infifteeiror twenty
minutes.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask my friend from Mis-
souri to withdraw his objection, and allow us to
take up and agree to the report of the Committee
of Conference, and then we may come back and
finish the amendments to to this bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I will not object.
There being no objection, the committee infor-
mally rose, and the Speaker resumed the chair.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
The SPEAKER pro tem. The Committee
have consented informally to hear the report of
the Committee of Conference.
Mr. HOUSTON here made the report of the
Committee of Conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the Houses upon the civil and diplo-
matic bill; and it was read, as follows:
The Committee of Conference on the disaereeing votes
of the two Homes on the bill (H. It. No. 337) entitled "An act
makm? appropriations, for Ihe civil and diplomatic expenses
of the (lovcrninent for the year ending; 30th of.lmie, 1854,"
have met, and after tnll and free conference have a reed to
recommend, and do recommend to the respective Houses
as follows:
That the Senate recede from its 9th, 10th, 11th, 13th,
14th, 16lh, 17th, 30th, 32d, 34th, 37th, 40th, 48th,36th, 58th,
75th, 8ist, 84th, 85th, 89th, 97th, 100th, and 103d amend-
ments.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the 1st,
23d, 29tli,3lst, 46th, 47th, 6lUh, 82d, and 83d amendment*
of the Striate.
That the Senate concur in the amendments of the House
to its 44th, 67th, ami t02d amendments.
That tlie IIou e recede from its disagreement to the second
amendment of the Senate, and agree thereto with an amend-
ment, as follows : Arterthe wotd ' dollars,'in line twenty,
page second, of the original bill, insert: 1 And to enable
the Clerk of the House ot Representatives to comply with
the resolution of said House of March 1, 1853, directing
him to pay the usual extra compensation to the employees
in and about the Capitol, a sum sufficient for that purpose
hereby appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, and is hereby added to the contin-
gent fund of said House.
That the House recede from its disagreement to the sev-
enth amendment of the Senate, and agree thereto with an
amendment, as follows:" After the second line, insert: 'In
pursuance of contracts already made and at the end of
hue three add: Provided, That this appropriation shall
finish the publication."
That the House recede from its disagreement to so much
of the thirty filth amendment of the Senate as is contained
in lines one, two, three, four, andtoandincludingthe word
" erected" jn line five, and that the Senate recede from the
j residue thereof.
I That the Hou^e recede from its disagreement to the forty-
1 second amendment of the Senate, and agree to the follow-
ing substitute for said amendment, and that the Senate con- j
cur therein, to wit:
"II is hereby jnovided, That the limitations upon the cost
of the site and building of the custom house in Richmond,
Virginia, impo-ed by the act of August 31,1852, are here- \
by removed and repealed. j
That the House recede from its disagreement to the 49th
amendment of the Senate, and agree thereto with an amend- !
mcnt, as follows: " Provided, That the ministers resident i
herein authorized, shall not receive more compensation
than is now paid to a charge d'affaires."
That the House recede from its disagreement to the 61st :
, amendment of the Senate, and agree thereto with an amend- ,
' ment, as follows: " Strike out '$50,000,'and insert4$30,- (
QQ0.'  !
That the House recede from its disagreement to the 62d
ann ndmentof the Senate, and agree thereto with an amend-
ment. as follows: "Strike out '$150,000,' and insert !
'$100,000.'" ,
That the House recede from its disagreement to the 77th
amendment of the Senate, and agree thereto with an amend-
ment, as follows : " Strike out lines fourteen and fifteen to
i and including the woid ' Interior.' "
i That the House recede from its disagreement to the 99th
1 amendment of the Senate, and agree thereto with an amend-
ment., tollows : " Add at the end of < aid Senate amend-
; ment: iProvided, That the «um of $10,000 thereof be in-
vented for the benefit of the family of said Mills, and after
his death to be given to such children of said Mills as may
survive him.'"
The following analysis shows the action of the
committee in detail.
Amendments from which the committee recom-
mend that the Senate shall recede:
Ninth amendment of the Senate:
•'Strike out i $32,050,' and insert in lieu thereof
'$33,700,'in the following paragraph :
" For compensation ot the Secretary of the Treasury and
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, clerks, messenger, and
assistant messenger m his office, $32,050."
Tenth and eleventh amendments of the Senate:
t( On page 8, line 18, strike out f $11,400,' and insert in
lieu thereof 4 $13,550and insert thereafter: * For an ad-
ditional clerk in the office of the Fifth Auditor, $1,000 ;'so
as to make it read :
" For compensation of the Fifth Auditor, and the clerks
and messengers in his office, $13,550 ;
11 For an additional clerk in the office of the Fifth Audit-
or, $1,000."
Thirteenth and fourteenth amendments of the
Senate:
"Page 10, line 7, after the word (languages,'insert'trans-
mission of Mediterranean passports and sea-letters, carry-
mgthe Department mails ;' and in page 10, line 19, strike
out' five,' and insert4 nine,' so as to make the paragraph,
relating to the contingent expenses of the Treasury Depart-
ment, read—
" For labor, blank books, stationery, sealing ships' regis-
ters, translating lore ten languages, transmission of Mediter
ranean passports and sea-letters, carrying the Department
mails, advertising, and extra clerk hire for preparing and
collecting information to be laid before Congress—said
clerks to be employed only during the session of Congress,
or when indispensably necessary to enable the Department
to answer some call made by either House of Congress at
one session to be answered at another; and no such extra
clerk shall receive more than three dollars thrrty three and
one third cents per day for the time actually and necessarily
employed, $8,9.'S0."
Sixteenth amendment of the Senate:
"Page 17, line 21, after the words i United States,' ir 
the clause relating to collection of revenue from the sale of
the public land** in the United Slates, insert:
" Jit\d provided further, That in lienof issuing patents to
the several States for land granted in aid of internal im-
provements in all cases where- the issuing of patents is not
requited by law, the certificates rssued or to be issued by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, with the
approval of the Secretary of the Interior, in pursuance of
the several acts making such grants, -diall. in all respects,
have the same effect as though a patent were issued for
said land."
Seventeenth amendment of the Senate:
" Page 18, strike out all after the word «building,' where
it first occurs, to the word 'via:' in the following para-
graph :
u Contingent expenses of east wing Patent Office build-
ing—[provided that neither tlie oftice of the Secretary of the
Interior, nor any buieau thereof other than the Patent Of-
fice, shall be located m the Patent Office Building until di-
rected by law]— viz: For labor, fuel, lights, and incidental
expenses, $2,200."
Thirtieth amendment of the Senate:
" On page39, after line 1G, insert as follows:
lt For repairing or rebuilding the lighthouse at Bear
Island, which has been de-iroyed, $4,01M).
<• For completing the light-honse at Half Moon Shoal,
Redfish Bar, and at Clopper Bar, on the coast of Texas>
$3,000."
! Thirty-second amendment of the Senate:
" On page 42, after the clause in regard to the survey of
i the western coast of the United States, insert the follow-
i mg:
" For publishing the observations made in the progress
of the survey of the coast of the United States, per act of
March 3, 1853, $20,000."
Thirty-fourth amendment of the Senate:
" On page 4*J, after line 13, insert:
" For the purchase of a site and the erection of a custom-
house at Galveston, Texas, $50,000: Provided. That the
plan of the building shall be such that the whole cost botlj
of the building and the site shall in no event exceed the ai>-
propriation hereby made."
Thirty-seventh amendment of the Senate:
" On page 42, after 13, insert:
" For the purchase of a site, and the erection of a custom-
house at Belfast, Maine, $20,000: Provided, That the plan
of the building shall be such that the whole cost, both of
the building and site, shall in no event exceed tlie appro-
priation hereby made."
Fortieth amendment of the Senate:
" Page 42, after line 20, insert:
u For the erection, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, at the port of New Haven, Connecticut,
of a fire-proof custom house, with suitable rooms therein
for the accommodation of the United States courts, and
also rooms in wnich shall be kept the post office of said city,
the expense of said building and site therefor not to exceed
the sum hereby appropriated, $75,000: Provided, That the
Legislature of the State of Connecticut shall exempt the
said building from taxation."
Forty-eighth amendment of the Senate:
" On page 43, line 4, after the following paragraph—
" For salaries and outfits of minister's of the United States
to Great Britain, France, Russia, Prussia, Spain, Brazil,
Mexico, Peru, and Chili, $162,000;
" Insert the following :
"Provided, That hereafter there shall be allowed and
paid to the ministers to Great Britain, France, Russia, and
Spain, the sum of $6,000 eacli for house and office rent,
salary to a private secretary, and other expenses incidental
to their respective missions ; and to the minister resident in
Turkey $4,000 for like expenses. The foregoing to be in
addition to outfit and salary."
Fifty-sixth amendment of the Senate :
" Page 44, after line 22, insert:
For defraying the expenses attending the expected visit
of a war steamer from the Sultan of Turkey, with contri-
butions to the Industrial Exhibition to be held in New York,
in May n« xt, $10,000 : the said sum to be expended under
the direction of the President of the United States."
Fifty-eighth amendment of the Senate:
" Page 50, line 4, after the following words, * For section-
ing one hundred townships, equal to six thousand miles of
surveying, in California, at a rate not exceeding twelve dol-
lars per mile, $72,000,' insert the following:
" Provided, That it shall be lawful for the President of
the United States, if he deem it expedient, to divide tlje
State of California into three separate and distinct land
districts, in such manner as circumstances shall determine
to be necessary, and he shall appoint, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, or during the recess of Con-
gress when necessary, a register of the land office and re-
ceiver of public moneys for each of such land districts ; and
the said officers for the same respectively shall be located
at, and be removed from time to tune, to snrh places as the
President shall deem most suitable for public convenience ;
and the lands within the ?aid distnets, with the exception
of mineral lands, and such other lands as shall be exempt
from sale by competent authority, shall be subject to entry
at the proper office in the same manner as other portions of
the public domain; and the registers and receivers shall
each receive a salary of $3,000, and the usual fees allowed
