1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1139
in other cases, but the entire compensation shall in no in- j
stance exceed the sum of $4,000." '
Seventy-fifth amendment of the Senate:
" On page 57, after line 10, insert:
" For the purpose of purchasing or building a revenue ;
cutter, to be propelled by steam, and employed on the Pa- :
cific coast, $75,000 : Provided, That there shall not be . i
more than one steam and one sail vessel employed for such i i
purpose on that coast."
Eighty-first amendment of the Senate:
" Insert the following: i
" Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary I
of the Treasury be, andhe is hereby, authorized to construct
a marine hospital at Burlington, in the State of Iowa ; and
that there be, and is hereby, appropriated $15,000 for said
purpose, from the Treasury, out of any money not other- :
wise appropriated." '
Eighty-fourth amendment of the Senate: i
" Insert the following:
"Sec. —. And be it further enacted, Thatthe Secretary ;
of the Treasury be authorized to refund to the legal claim- <
ants for duties that have been paid on goods, wares, and ]
merchandise that were consumed by fire in the district and I
port of New York in July, 1845, §300,000, and in the dis- |
trict and port of San Francisco, in the years 1850 and 1851, :
$100,000, subject to the restrictions and limitations of the
act of July 7, 1838, passed for the relief of the sufferers by
the fire of December, 1835, in New liork ; and the amount
of goods destroyed and duties to be refunded, shall be ascer-
tained at said ports respectively, and be adjusted and repaid
thereat, in a manner similar to that which is provided for
in the act above referred to, in relation to losses at New
York."
Eighty-fifth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert the following:
" Sec Jlnd be it further enacted, Thatthe Secretary
of the Treasury be authorized to remit the duties upon any
machinery imported into the United States for spinning and
weaving flax, or to refund duties heretofore paid within five
years past on such machinery, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Provided, That it
shall be proved to his satisfaction that sucli machinery is
not an article of manufacture at the time of importation in
the United States, and has been used by the persons or com-
panies importing it for manufacturing purposes: And pro-
vided further, That they bind themselves to permit inspec-
tions and models of such machinery to be made in such
manner as may not interfere with their usual occupations:
Provided, That this privilege shall not be extended beyond
two years."
Eighty-ninth amendment of the Senate: ■
" Insert the following:
"Sec. 12. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it is hereby
• declared that the provision in these words: ' And for print-
< ing the obituary notices of the decease of President Tay-
• lor, said contractor shall be paid the actual cost, with a
' profit of twenty per centum, in the second proviso of the
• first section of the act making appropriations for the civil
< and diplomatic expenses of the Government, for the year
'ending the 30th of June, 1853, and fer other purposes, in
• relation to printing,' be and the same is hereby, construed
to mean that the compensation for printing the obituary no-
tices of the decease of President Taylor, shall be in addi-
tion to the sum of $50,000 allowed in the same section to
Thomas Ritchie, assignee of William M. Belt."
Ninety-seventh amendment of the Senate:
" Insert the following :
" Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That for the pur-
pose of obtaining the needful information, and for carrying
into effect the object of the resolution of the Senate passed
January 19,1853, a sum not exceeding $10,000 be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated, to be expended under the di-
rection of the Secretary of the Treasury, and paid fromany
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
One hundredth Senate amendment:
" Insert the following: „ „ .
" And be it farther enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he Is hereby, authorized and required to
purchase of Thomas Cowperthwaite & Company, of Phil-
adelphia, or from any person or persons, if the same can be
had on better terms, five hundred copies of the decisions of
the Supreme Court of the United States, as contained in
six volumes of Peters's Condensed Reports, and sixteen
volumes subsequent thereto, by the same reporter, at a price
not exceeding$62 per copy,and likewise five hundred cop-
ies of the first thirteen volumes of Howard's Reports, being
a continuation of the Reports of said court to the end of the
last term ; and also, until Congress shall otherwise direct,
five hundred copies of each succeeding volume or the re-
ports of the decisions of said court, at a price not exceeding
$2 82 for Howard's Reports, and such subsequent reports,
and pay for the same out of any moneytn the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated. And it shall be the duty of the
said Secretary of the Treasury, immediately after the recep-
tion of said reports, to forward to the Governor of each State
and Territory four copies of said reports; one copy thereot
being intended for the State library; one for the use of the
Executive: one for the use of the Legislature, and one tor
the use of the courts of the States and Territories respect-
ively, unless the Legislatures thereof shall deem it neces-
sary and proper to make a different distribution. And in
addition to the copies aforesaid, there shall be forwarded to
the Governor of each State and Territory a number of cop-
ies of said reports equal to the number of Representatives of
said States and Territories in both Houses of Congress, to
be distributed as the Legislatures of said States and Terri-
tories shall respectively determine; and the remainder of
the said five hundred copies shall be deposited in the De-
partment of State for distribution in conformity with exist-
ing laws, or for such other purpose as may be deemed ex-
pedient by the Secretary of State, the residue, if any, after
such distribution, to await the further action of Congress.
One hundred and third Senate amendment:
"Insertthe following:
" Sec. 26. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the percentage
added by l;uv to the pay of the clerks employed in the Exec-
utive and Legislative Departments ar Washington be, and
is hereby, allowed to the clerks employed in the city post
office in the city of Washington, commencing at the same
time that theirs did, on the first of July, 1852."
The following are the Senate amendments from
a disagreement to which the committee recom-
mend that the House recede, viz:
First amendment of the Senate:
" Page 2, line 4, after the word * the,' where it first oc-
curs, insert the word 'contingent,' so as to make the clause
read:
" For the contingent expenses ofthe Senate, viz."
Twenty-third amendment of the Senate:
" Page 32, lines 11, 12, and 13, strike out— ;
" For additions to the territorial libraries of Oregon, Min-
nesota, New Mexico, and Utah, $500 each ; said sums to
be expended under the direction of the Governors of said
Territories-,"
" And insert in lieu thereof: ;
" To enable the President to cause a site to be purchased
and a suitable building to be erected for a penitentiary in
each of the Territories of Utah and New Mexico, $20,000:
Provided, That the entire cost of the site and the comple-
tion of said buildings are not to exceed the sum hereby ap-
propriated."
Twenty-ninth amendment of the Senate:
" Page 39, line 11, after the word ' exceeding,' strike out
' $600 per annum, $14,400,' and insert * $800 per annum,
$19,200,> in the clause relating to light-house establish-
ments, so as to make it read:
" For salaries of thirteen keepers and eleven assistants, at
Ml average not exceeding $800 per annum, $19,200. 
Thirty-first amendment of the Senate:
"Page 41, after line 14, relating to the Independent
Treasury, insert the following :
" For the compensation of an additional appraiser gen-
eral, to be appointed by the President ,by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, and to be employed on the
Pacific coast, $6,000."
Forty-sixth and forty-seventh amendments of
the Senate:
« Page 42, after line 23, insert the following:
" For the completion of the marine hospital at Evansville,
Indiana, $20,000;
" For the marine hospital at Natchez, $4,000 ;
" For continuing the construction of the marine hospital
at St. Louis, Missouri, $20,000."
Sixtieth amendment of the Senate:
" Page 50, after line 27, insert the following: 
"To supply a deficiency for the purchase of trees and
hire oflaborers on the improvements of reservation number
two, or public mall, between Seventh and Twelfth streets
west, $5,276 52."
Eighty-second amendment of the Senate:
" Add the following section:
" Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That hereafter the
annual compensation ofthe Vice President, Secretaries of
State, Treasury, War, Navy, and Interior, and the Post-
master and Attorney General, shall be $8,000 each."
Eighty-third amendment of the Senate:
" Add the following section :
" Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That when private
establishments shall he made to refine gold bullion, the
Secretary of the Treasury, if he shall deem them capable
of executing such work, is hereby authorized and required
to limit the amount thereof which shall be refined in the
Mint at Philadelphia, from quarter to quarter, and to re-
duce the same progressively as such establishments shall be
extended or multiplied, so as eventually, and as soon as
may be, to exclude refining from the Mint, and to require
that every deposit of gold bullion made therein for coinage
shall be adapted to said purpose, without need of refining:
Provided, That no advances in coin shall be made upon bul-
lion after this regulation shall be carried into effect except
upon bullion refined, as herein prescribed."
Amendments of the House to the Senate amend-
ments, in which the committee recommend that
the Senate concur:
The following, the forty-fourth amendment of
the Senate:
" To equalize the salary of the collector of Chicago and
to make it equal to that of Detroit $1,250; and the salary of
the collector at Chicago be, and the same is hereby, estab-
lished at that sum annually,"
had been amended by the House by adding
thereto the following:
■' The salary of the collector at Chicago shall be, from
and after the 1st day of July, 1853, $1,250."
The following, sixty-seventh amendment of the
Senate:
"For heating and ventilating the Executive Mansion,
painting the exterior thereof, and painting the walls, ceil-
ing &c., ofthe rooms of the first floor, and making other
improvements and repairs, recommended by the Architect
in his report of February 4,1853, and for the purchase of
books for the President's library, $29,500,"
had been amended by the House, by striking out
all after the word " repairs" down to and in-
cluding the word " three."
The following, the one hundred and second
amendment of the Senate:
"Sec. 20. Jlnd be U further enacted, That in settling the
accounts of Daniel S. McCauley, late consul general at
Alexandria, in Egypt, there shall be allowed for office rent
at the rate of $400 per annum during the time he acted in
that capacity, to be paid to his widow,"
had been amended by the House, by adding
thereto the following:
" For salaries of governor and superintendent of Indian
affairs, three judges, attorney, and marshal of Washington
Territory, from the time of their appointment to the end of
the fiscal year, terminating June 30,1854, an amount suffi-
cient to pay the same is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
" For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative Assembly, officers, clerk, and contingent ex-
penses ofthe Assembly, and to defray the expenses of taking
the census of said Territory, the sum of $20,000, to be paid
out of any money not otherwise appropriated.
" For the contingent expenses of the Territory, including
thesalaryof a clerk ofthe Executive Department, $1,500,
to be paid out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated."
The second amendment of the Senate was to
strike out " $35,000," and insert in lieu thereof
" $55,000," in the following clause relating to the
contingent expenses of the Senate:
" For clerks to committees and President pro tempore,
draughtsman, messengers, pages, laborers, police, horses
and carry-alls, $35,OUO."
The committee recommend that the House re-
cede from its disagreement thereto, and agree to
the same with the following amendment:
"Add thereto—
"And to enable the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives to comply with the resolution of said House of March
1, 1853, directing him to pay the usual extra compensation
to the employees in and about the Capitol, a sum sufficient
for that purpose is hereby appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and is hereby
added to the contingent fund of said House."
The seventh amendment of the Senate was to
add the following clause:
"After line 15, page 4, viz:
" For the completion of the publication of the works of
the Exploring Expedition, $25,000."
The committee recommend that the House re-
cede from its disagreement thereto, and agree to
the same with an amendment thereto, so as to
make the clause read—
" For the completion of the publication of the works of
the Exploring Expedition, in pursuance of contracts al-
ready made, $25,000: Provided, That this appropriation
shall finish the publication."
The thirty-fifth amendment of the Senate was
to insert at the end of the clause " for continuing
the construction of the custom house at New Or-
leans, Louisiana, $324,000," the following:
" Subject to the limitations and restrictions on the appro-
priation made for the same object, at the second session of
the last Congress, as respects the plan under which the
building is to be erected: Provlled, That the superintend-
ence of the building be confided to an officer detailed
from the Corps of Engineers, and the work conducted
under the supervision of said officer and the direction of
the, architect who originated the plan: And provided, That
said superintendent or said architect, and such commis-
sioner as may be appointed by the President to act as dis-
bursing agent from the bureau having the management of
the control over all contracts to be entered into for the ex-
ecution of the said plan, and the completion of the build-
ing: And provided further, That said superintendent, archi-
tect, and commissioner, shall not be allowed acompensation
higher than eight dollars per day each for their services."
The House disagreed to the above Senate
amendment, and the committee recommend that
the House recede from its disagreement to so
much thereof as is contained in the first four lines
down to and including the word " erected;" and
that the Senate recede from the residue thereof.
The forty-second amendment of the Senate was
as follows:
" After line 20, page 40, Insert—
" For the erection of a custom-house, to include other
i public offices, at Richmond, Virginia, $75,000: Provided,
1 hat this sum, in addition to the $150,000 heretofore pre-
scribed as the whole amount directed to be expended for
this purpose, shall constitute the entire cost of the purchase
of the site and the completion of the building."
The House disagreed to said amendment.
The committee recommend that the House re-
cede from its disagreement thereto, and agree to
. the following substitute for said amendment, and
that the Senate concur therein:
It is hereby provided that the limitations upon the cost of
! the site and building of the custom house in Richmond,
S Virginia, imposed by the act of thirty-first August, one
| thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, are hereby removed
and repealed.
The forty-ninth amendment of the Senate:
" Page 43, line 15, after the word ' affaires,' insert the
words 'or ministers resident,'in the following paragraph:
" For salaries and outfits of charges d'affaires to Por-
tugal, Austria, Denmark, Sweden, Holland, Belgium, Na-
ples, Sardinia, the Papal States, New Granada, Venezuela,
