1142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
give up all ? No man of sense can, and what is
the argument here?
Resectable gentlemen of the Democratic party
get up and say that it will ruin the Democratic
party to vote increase of salaries to the heads of
Departments, and the Whigs do not like to take
the responsibility of increasing those salaries,
when Democrats will not do it. Now, is that a
proper rule of conduct for us ? Is it right on either
side of the House?
Mr. CLEVELAND. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman one question. In this whole bill, appro-
priating millions and millions of dollars, can the
gentleman show me one item where either branch
of Congress has reduced the public expenditure
one dollar?
Mr. STANLY. The Committee of Conference
reduced $50,000 on one item—for water for the
District of Columbia, and in other instances—if
the gentleman will hear me.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I mean compared with
the bill of last year.
Mr. STANLY. My friend from Connecticut
knows that I cannot now compare this bill with
the bill of last session. No mortal man can do
it.
Air. CLEVELAND. Is there a single cent of
retrenchment in any form upon the bill as origin-
ally presented ?
Mr. STANLY. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Has not the Senate added
to this bill more than a million of dollars?
Mr. STANLY. I do not know how much the
Senate have added.
Mr. CLEVELAND. How long will it be be-
fore the Democratic party redeem their pledge of
retrenching the expenditures of the Government if
we go on at the rate you propose ?
Mr. STANLY. If the Democratic party in-
tend to enter on a system of retrenchment accord-
cording to your idea, you ought to appoint a com-
mittee of conference who would reduce the salaries
of the heads of the Departments from $6,000 to
$2,000. Then who will you get to go into Pierce's
Cabinet?
Mr. CLEVELAND. We can get a portion of
the Federalists.
Mr. STANLY. That remark shows that my
friend from Connecticut is excited. He is wearied,
as we all are, from want of sleep. It is late at
night for a gentleman coming from " the land of
steady habits," and he is rather more excited just
now than gentlemen usually are who come from
that sober part of the country. [Much laughter.]
He would not speak thus on calm reflection.
But I do not want to makeaspeeeh. I want to
give the House some information, if I can. I want
to explain the action of the Committee of Confer-
ence; and I think I can show satisfactorily to any
reasonable man, that it is our duty as patriots, at
this late period of the session, to agree to the re-
port of the Committee of Conference, and save the
bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will say to the gentleman,
that two speeches have been made upon that side,
and that we should like to discuss the report too.
I hope, therefore, that when he gets through with
his speech, he will allow us to do it. !
Mr. STANLY. I do not allow the House any-
thing. I do not speak in that fashion. Thatcould
be said with more propriety by the gentleman
from Georgia than by me. I have no right to
give permissions, or to make allowances. Sir, I i
came here saying that I desired not to make a \
speech. I was on the Committee of Conference j
with the honorable chairman of the Committee on !
Ways and Means, who is exhausted in body and
voice by labors and fatigues that would have ex-
hausted even Hercules; and I propose in the dis-
charge of my duty, to occupy no more time than \
will enable me to explain the report of the com- j
mittee, and to answer any questions that sfentle- i
men may wish to propound. When I do that,
let the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] talk
as much as he pleases.
Mr. VENABLE. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. STANLY. Does my colleague desire to
ask me a question ?
Mr. VENABLE. I thought my colleague had
done, and rose with a view of replying to him. I
wish, also, to make a few remarks in reply to the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] who
moved to reconsider, as well as on the general
subject.
[Cries of " No !" '« No!
lt !"]
Mr. TAYLOR. I
' and " Go on, Stan-
hope the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Stanly] will proceed with
his explanation of the amendments.
Mr. STANLY. I will try and do so, if the
House will allow me.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to ask the
gentleman from North Carolina if there is any
solitary one of the propositions upon which the
two Houses are disagreeing, which is absolutely
necessary to carry on any branch or department
of the Government or for any great interest of the
country? If there is not, every one of them are
out of place in this bill, and ought to be in bills
by themselves ?
Mr. STANLY. I think a good many of them
attach to provisions which are indispensably ne-
cessary to carry on the Government. Some of
them will confer benefit to hundreds of thousands.
The Government might be carried on without any
civil and diplomatic bill at all. Your new Presi-
dent can go on trust. He has the credit of the
Government to support him. The bill itself is
not indispensably necessary, according to the rigid
rule of the gentleman from Tennessee: " Give not
nature more than nature needs—man's life's as
cheap as beast's."
Mr. JONES. I believe it is understood that
the Cabinet was made up before there was any
expectation of an increase of salaries.
Mr. STANLY. 1 have not troubled myself
with that question. I have acted in the discharge
of what I conceived to be my duty, and I believe
all the members of the committee did the same.
Mr. SACKETT. I desire the gentleman from
North Carolina to explain the amendments from
which the Senate refused to recede, so that we
may understand what they are.
Mr. STANLY. I think I had better go on in
order, and I will do so if the House will listen to
me.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. That will take
too long.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Let us have
a little chance to reply.
Mr. STANLY. 1 will hurry on. The con-
tingent fund of the Senate was placed at the entire
disposal of the Senate. Upon that the House re-
ceded.
There was provision for an additional clerk to
the Light-House Board, which was discussed in
this House. The Senate receded from that.
There were two clerks provided for the Fifth
Auditor's Office. The Senate receded from that.
There would have been two more " abomina-
tion" if they had not done that.
There was an amendment about Mediterranean
passports, which the House struck out. The
Senate receded from that " abomination."
There was an amendment put in by the Senate
for issuing certificates for land instead of patents,
which they said was highly useful and proper.
The Senate receded from that Senatorial " abom-
ination."
We passed an amendment about the Patent Of-
fice Building, which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Cartter] urged with a good deal of earnestness.
The Senate receded from its opposition to that
also.
There was an amendment of the Senate for a
penitentiary in Minnesota, and the House receded
from its opposition to that, upon the ground that
the other Territories were provided for in the same
way, and it was thought necessary.
There was an amendment raising the salaries of
light-house keepers in California some two or
three hundred dollars. The House receded from
its opposition to that.
There was an amendment for a new light-house
in Texas. The Senate receded upon that.
There was an amendment for an appraiser in
California. We had a debate upon that for more
than an hour, and were convinced by the argu-
ments addressed to us by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance of the Senate that that
officer was necessary, and we therefore yielded it
—to the Democratic party, of course. I was in-
fluenced by Mr. Hunter's opinion, in whom,
from long personal acquaintance, I have great
confidence.
We have had an item of $20,000 for printing
the Coast Survey in which the House had refused
to concur, and the Senate receded from that also. ,
There was a provision for a custom-house at
New Orleans, for one at Belfast, Maine, for one
in Connecticut, and for one at Richmond, Vir-
ginia, from all of which the Senate receded, in
obedience to the wish of the House.
There were provisions for carrying on the ma-
rine hospitals at St. Louis and Evansville, and
one in Iowa, and from the last, being a new work,
the Senate receded.
Upon the increase of the salaries of foreign
ministers the Senate receded, and the House re-
ceded from its opposition to the increase of the
salaries of the heads of Departments. We made
that compromise, as I have,I believe, before stated.
The Senate declared that the President should
have power to make charges ministers resident,
if he pleased. The House yielded to that, with
this proviso, that no higher salary should be paid
to the ministers resident than the charges re-
ceived, but allowing the President to create the
rank whenever he thought the interests of the
country required it.
There was an appropriation of $20,000 to pay
for the transportation of the contributions from the
Sultan of Turkey to the approaching exhibition
at New York. The Senate receded from that to
please economical gentlemen like my friend from
Connecticut, [Mr. Cleveland.]
There was an appropriation of $5,200 fora pub-
lic square in this city. The House receded from
its opposition to that upon information derived
from the Senate committee that it was to pay a
debt already contracted, and not for future work.
We had a contest over the appropriation of
$50,000 for a bridgeat Georgetown, and $150,000
for water for the city of Washington. We struck
down the appropriation for the bridge to $30,000,
and for the water $100,000, consulting the eco-
nomical wishes of the House, but yielding that
much to the desire of the Senate to begin this
most useful work.
The Senate agree to the House amendment as
to some repairs upon the President's House.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the gentleman whether
the cutting down of the appropriation for water
from $150,000 to $100,000, will save any'money?
The contract can still be made. Do you not still
authorize the making of a contract to supply the
city with water, whatever may be the cost of it?
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman can answer
that question as well as 1 can.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will answer it, if you will
give me a chance.
Mr. STANLY. You will be free to do it when
I have done. The gentleman from Georgia will
soon have an opportunity of being of service to
the country in preventing these abuses of the Sen-
ate. I shall look forward with some interest to
see if he acts the patriot there. I hope he will play
the economist in the Senate, as he has done in the
closing hours of this session.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope I shall.
Mr. STANLY. I hope so too. I have not
argued that we saved money by cutting down the
appropriation to supply this city with water. I
think we should have saved money if we had ap-
propriated $500,000. I think it would be a saving
of money to appropriate enough at once to com-
plete the work. But we yielded to the wish of the
House and reduced the appropriations. The gen-
tleman from Connecticut [Mr. Cleveland] asked
me a while ago how the Democratic party were to
bring about retrenchment, if they were required
to begin in this way ? I will tell you how. Put
men into the Cabinet and into the Departments at
competent salaries, who will have no temptation
to go outside of their proper line of duty in order
to be able to live.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from North Carolina to say that as an
apology for his friends having done it?
Mr. STANLY. That is not a fair question,
and you know it. I have not said so. I speak
generally.
Mr. CL
Mr. CLEVELAND. Then, why did you use
the argument ?
Mr. STANLY. I have answered your question,
and used an argument advanced many years ago.
There was a revenue steamer provided for Cali-
fornia. The Senate insisted upon that; they said
if we were to continue our revenue system there,
something of the sort was indispensably necessary.
The House struck out the appropriation for that
purpose, but some provision to accomplish that
