1144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Carolina, and those who constitute the economical
portion of the Democratic party, were read out of
the party by my friend from Virginia, [Mr.
Meade,] I desire to say that we welcome him to
the ranks of the economical Whig1 party.
Mr. DEAN, (interrupting:.) There is a single
item in this report of the Committee of Confer-
ence, which has been brought before the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. I
presume it has escaped the notice of the Commit-
tee of Conference, and that is the amendment in
relation to the bridge over the Potomac at George-
town. It was stated in the Committee of the
Whole—and under that statement it did not re-
ceive a single vote—that Georgetown was bound
by an act of Congress to keep that bridge in re-
pair forever.
Mr. VENABLE, (resuming.) I take this oc-
casion to say—and I wish it distinctly understood
—that this is not the first time I have voted ajainst
an appropriation bill. 1 am not afraid to go be-
fore the country on the defeat of this appropriation
bill. I am notafraid, and I believe the people had
better be made to understand this system of legis-
lation, which brings us to vote, within the last
two or three days of the session, millions and mil-
lions of dollars out of the public Treasury in one
way or another, and under the action of a Com-
mittee of Conference.
I do not mean to make a party speech, but in a
few days we will have a new Administration, a
man at its head who will not be afraid to meet re-
sponsibility. And 1 would not have been one of
those who sustained and voted for him, did I be-
lieve he would shun responsibility.
I believe he will see honesty and integrity in
the Whigs as well as Democrats, and the party
that will sustain him will be the friends of the
people, the masses of the United States—the Re-
publican party.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman
speaks of the incoming President. Now, sir, I
am on the side of retrenchment and reform, and
will go with him. I desire to know if there is any
difficulty in getting Cabinet officers?
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbory Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had passed
a bill of the House of the following title:
H. R. No. 333. An act making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with the various Indian tribes, for the year
ending June 30, 1854, with sundry amendments,
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill of the
House of the following title:
H. R. No. 349. An act making appropriations
for the transportation of the United States mail
by ocean steamers and otherwise, during the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1854, with amend-
ments, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. In regard to the
incoming Administration, so far as appropriations
are concerned, I intend to be liberal, while at the
same time 1 shall be economical. Now, sir, I de-
sire to know of gentlemen who are friends of the
incoming Administration, if they are posted up,
whether there is any difficulty, and whether it is
impossible to get men of talent for the Cabinet?
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. It is not in order for one gentleman
to yield the floor to another to make a speech.
Mr. VENABLE. I will not trespass upon the
rules of order. I have no doubt—though I am
not in the confidence of the Administration—that
there will be no difficulty in filling all the Cabinet
offices with able and satisfactory men. The ques-
tion is this: Shall this House truckle to the Sen-
ate, or shall the Senate recede ? The Senate have
put amendments on to this bill which you all
know were all ruled out of order by this House;
and most of the Senate amendments to this bill
are out of order. The question is this: Shall the
Representatives of the people truckle to the Sen-
ate ? Is this House afraid to meet the responsibil-
ity of going before the people upon the rejection
of this bill ?
Mr. STANLY. Will my colleague point out
■where, and in what, the committee truckled to the
Senate ?
Mr. VENABLE. I did not mean to say that
the Committee of Conference truckled to the Sen-
ate, but I say that, under the fear of the respon-
sibility of an extra session, when a collision arises
between the two Houses, this House must yield.
I say, let the Senate recede.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I wish to
know one thing; has the Democratic party struck
for higher wages ? [Laughter.]
Mr. VENABLE. If they have, I do not be-
long to that section of the party. That is all, and
I do not mean myself to destroy the moral effect
of the declaration, that we are the party of re-
trenchment and reform, by beginning a system of
increasing the expenses of the Government, be-
cause the Senate choose to take our bills and load
them down with ^lendment after amendment,
and compel us to pass them under the fear of the
responsibility of an extra session. I tell you, the
expense of an extra session will not amount to
as much as these Senate additions to the bill. I
tell you these items amount to more than the en-
tire expenses of a long session.
[Cries of" Question!" " duestion!"]
Mr. VENABLE. I never knew avaryingpol-
itician who was not afraid of responsibility. I,
for one, am willing to meet the responsibility. I
do take it, and I move to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
[Cries of" duestion !""duestion !" "Order!"
" Order!"]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I appeal to the
gentleman from North Carolina to allow me a mo-
ment to say a word.
Mr. VENABLE. I cannot do it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will renew the motion.
Mr. VENABLE. I cannot withdraw it. I
cannot 
Mr. JOHNSON. I never consume the time of
the House unnecessarily.
[Cries of'' Order!" " Order!" from all parts of
the Hall.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ar-
kansas is not in order.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 90, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Allison, Barrere, Beale,
Bell, Bennett, Bibigliaus,Bowne, John H. Boyd, Burrows,
Busby, E. Carnngton Cabell, Joseph Cable, Lewis D.
Campbell, Cartter, Chapman, Churchwell, Clemens, Cleve-
land, Clmgman, Cobb, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dean,Dim-
mick, Dockery, Doty, Dunham, Durkee, Eastman, Ed-
mundson, Kwing, Fiekhn, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller,
Giddmgs, Grey, Grow, I sham G. Harris, Hascall, Haven,
Hebard, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Ives, Jen-
kins, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, John Johnson,
DanielT. Jones, George W. Jones, Preston Ring, Leteher,
Little, Mace, Mann, Martin, McCorkle, McLanahan, Mc-
Nair.McU.ueen, John Moore, Murphy, Murray, Nabers,
Newton, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel IV. Parker,
Pennnnan, Perkins, Reed, Ross, Sackett, Schoolcraft,
Schoonmaker, Scurry, Origen S. Seymour, Alexander H.
Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, Stratton, Toombs,
Townshend, Venable, Walbridge, Washburn, Wells, Wil-
drick, and Woodward—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, John Appleton, William Apple-
ton, Ashe, Babcock, Bowie, Bragg, Breckinridge, Brenton,
Bnggs, Brooks, Thompson Campbell, C'askie, Chandler,
Colcoek, Darby, George T. Davis, Dawson, Disney, Dun-
can, Edgerton, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, Gilmore, Goodenow, Goodrich,
Gorman, Green, Hall, Hammond, Sampson W. Harris,
Hart, Haws, Hendricks, Hoiladay, Horsford, Houston,
Howard, Jackson, Robert W. Johnson, J. Glancy Jones,
George G. King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry, Lockhart, Mar-
shall, Mason, McDonald, Meade, Millson, Henry D. Moore,
Morrison, Orr, Peaslee, Penn, Polk, Preston, Price, Riddle,
Bobbins, Robie, Robinson, Russell, Sabine, David L. Sey-
mour, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, St. Martin, Stuart,
Sutherland, Sweetser, Taylor, Thurston, Walsh, Ward,
Addison White, Wilcox, and Yates—84.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Mr. HOUSTON. When this report of the
Committee of Conference was received, the Speak-
er assumed the chair informally. I suppose as a
matter of course, that the chairman of the com-
mittee will now again take the chair.
Mr. HALL. Is it not in order to move to in-
sist upon the House amendments, and to ask for
a second committee of conference?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. HALL. Then I make that motion.
Mr. PHELPS. I insist, as the Speaker as-
sumed the chair informally, that the chairman of
the committee now resume it.
The chairman of the committee (Mr. Orr) ac-
cordingly resumed the chair.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the committee that they lay aside, informally,
the Navy appropriation bill, and take up the mail-
steamer appropriation bill.
Mr. CLEMENS. I object.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well. Go on with the one
under consideration.
Mr. HALL. I move that the committee rise,
with a view of submitting a motion asking for
another committee of conference upon the civil
| and diplomatic bill.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of thecom-
mittee (Mr. Orr) reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
making appropriations for the service of the Naval
' Department for the year ending June 30, 1854,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
THE SEVENTEENTH JOINT RULE.
[A message was here received from the Senate
by the hands of Asbpry Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had adopted
a resolution suspending the 17th joint rule of the
two Houses for the remainder of the present ses-
sion, and in which he was directed to ask the con-
! currence of the House.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House take up the Senate resolution, and concur
in it.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The resolution was then passed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
I Mr. HALL. 1 move that the House ask a
! second committee of conference upon the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses upon the civil and
diplomatic bill, and upon that I move the previous
question.
Mr. POLK. Is that motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not; the previous ques-
tion has been demanded.
Mr. POLK. I consider it unnecessary to have
another committee. Let those gentlemen who
defeated this measure take the responsibility.
[Cries of " Order !" " Order!"]
The House was then divided on the call for the
previous question; and the Chair announced 79
in the affirmative; when
Mr. YATES demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Mason and Jackson ap-
pointed.
The House was again divided, and the tellers
reported—ayes 97, noes not counted.
So the previous question received a second; and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken, ana the resolu-
tionofMr. Hall was adopted,and Messrs. Hall,
Fitch, and Evans, were appointed the conferees
on the part of the House.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Orr in the chair.)
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee rose,
the amendment of the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Phelps] to reduce the appropriation for the
Cape Fear river two dollars was under consider-
ation, and the gentleman from North Carolina
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. OUTLAW. I have but little hope of com-
manding the patience of the committee for even
the five minutes to which I am entitled under the
rules. The Legislature of my State have requested
its representatives on this floor—and my own
judgment concurs in that request—to exert their
influence to procure appropriations for this object.
Now, sir, although I have no constitutional scru-
ples in regard to the powers and duties of this
Government to improve rivers and harbors, yet I
will not present this particular appropriation on
any ground of that sort. It does not stand on any
such ground. It appeals to the justice of the
House and of this Union. By your act obstruc-
