1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1145
tions have been placed in the navigation of that
river. In order to protect the public property of
ihe United States, this obstruction io the com-
merce of that river has occurred; and, sir, if Con-
gress deemed it right and proper to make an ap-
propriation to remove an obstruction caused by
the burning of one of your sloops-of-war in the
harbor of Gibraltar, is it not equally just and
equally consistent with propriety that you should
make an appropriation in this case ?
It mav be, and very probably is the fact, that
this amendment would have been more proper in
some other bill; but this House ought to recollect
that the Senate is one of the coordinate depart-
ments of the Government. It is further to be
recollected, that according to the report of the sur-
vey which was ordered to be made of that river,
prompt and speedy action is absolutely necessary;
for, sir, within the last twelve months, the depth
of the water in the channel of that river has de-
creased nine inches in sonsequence of the obstruc-
tions you have placed there; and if you delay for
another year, the commerce of that river will be
so impeded that the prosperity of that whole sec-
tion of country will be materially impaired. As
was remarked by my colleague, we ask but little
from this Government. We ask nothing on this
occasion by way of bounty; we only ask justice.
Weask that that which you have placed there your-
self, and by which we have suffered injury, shall
be removed. And I will make the same remark
with regard to the appropriation for the Savannah
river. These two cases stand on their own pecu-
liar merits. With these remarks I will detain the
committee no further.
Thequestion was taken on Mr. Phelps's amend-
ment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand tellers on the amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. FREEMAN. I move to amend by insert-
ing Yazoo after Cape Fear river.
Mr. DEAN. That amendment is not in order.
There is no law authorizing an appropriation for
the Yazoo river.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
amendment is hardly in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw my demand for
tellers.
The question was put, and there were, on a
division—ayes 35.
Mr. ASHE. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mason and
Brooks were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment of the Senate was non-concurred in; the
tellers having reported—ayes 43, noes not counted.
The thirty-seventh amendment of the Senate:
" Insert as follows:
" To provide for the removal of the obstructions in the
river Savannah, in the Suite of Georgia, foe the (ap-
provement of the same, §50,000."
Mr. JACKSON. I move to increase the ap-
propriation five dollars. It may be supposed, Mr.
Chairman, hopeless in me, after the defeat of the
Cape Fear river appropriation, to prove that it is
proper this amendment ought to be adopted; but
nopeless as it seems to be, feeling that it is based
upon the foundation of the inalienable and determ-
ined principles of justice and the Constitution of
my country, I deem it to be my duty to come be-
fore this House and ask its adoption. That
amendment appeals to us by all the recollections
of the American Revolution. There is not a man
here who feels as a patriot, whether he votes for
or against the amendment, who will not say that
that this is a case calling strongly on the justice
of this Government.
The gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps]
said that this was a bill of internal improvements.
1 take issue with him. I contend, I repeat, that
this proposition of amendment coming from the
Senate is founded on the principles of justice. I
would ask gentlemen on both sides, whether, if the
Government placed obstructions in the Potomac
river so as to prevent vessels coming either to
Georgetown, Alexandria, or Washington, it would
not be bound, on principles of justice from which it
could not relieve itself, to remove them ? There is
not a man here who will deny the correctness of the
proposition. But, sir, the amendment is also
sustained by the Constitution. It declares that
the engagements made under the old Confederation
shall be as valid and as binding under it as they
were under that Confederation. These wrecks
were placed in the Savannah river on three different
occasions. They were placed there in January,
1776, before the Declaration of Independence, I
admit, but after Georgia had espoused the cause
of the Northern Colonies. They had called on
Georgia to take part with them, and she had
responded. She had nothing to sacrifice by fol-
lowing the King of Great Britain, but she had
everything to peril by taking the cause of liberty.
After we had imprisoned our royal Governor, and
created a government of our own to resist British
vessels, there were sunk at the mouth of the Sa-
vannah river one or more ships. Again: after the
adoption oftheArticlesofConfederation,and when
Georgia had declared herself independent, with the
other States of this Union, there was by com-
mand of the Major General of the United States
Army 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I have re-
frained from a discussion of these two amend-
ments for the purpose of hearing from other gen-
tlemen on this floor their views in reference to
them. We hear it said on one side that these two
cases ought to be made exceptions to the general
state of things at this session, in regard to the im-
provement of our rivers and harbors, for the rea-
son that the Government in the one case placed a
fort at the mouth of the Cape Fear river, which
has occasioned the obstructions complained of;
and in the other, now before the committee, that
during the revolutionary war, for the purpose of
protecting the city of Savannah, ships were sunk
at the mouth of th« river, which have impeded its
navigation. I concede these facts. 1 concede all
that has been said in reference to the merits of
these two propositions; but I say, sir, by no means
ought they to be ingrafted on a general appropri-
ation bill for the support of your Navy. There
are meritorious cases which have not been sub-
mitted to Congress, and for the reason that we
were told by the Departments, when they pre-
sented their estimates at the commencement of
this session, there would be $1,000,000 remaining
in your Treasury after the expiration of the fiscal ,
year ending the 30th of June, to be applied to j
these works during the next fiscal year. The J
General Government may have occasioned these
obstructions, Mr. Chairman; but what else is
there to be considered ? Did it not receive from ,
the States the grant of the right to collect revenue
from every part of the Union ?—and is it not just j
as right and proper that it should vote the appro-
priations to the lake harbors, the great rivers of
the West, and the Atlantic sea-board, which are ;
needed ? j
I can see no distinction in these cases. I con- [
cede that they are meritorious; but so are others,
and I hope the House will not make any distinc- I
j <40 ti which trill go to the prejudice of those others.
Let them all be considered at a proper tinw. Let
! them all come up at the next session of Congress, |
! when you can go over the whole ground, and take j
up all of the wants of the national commerce, and :
! make such an appropriation as you ought to make
| on the broad basis of nationality. I am in favor j
1 of such improvements, as the House is already I
! aware. At the last session of Congress I recom- !
mended, as chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, a large appropriation of $40,000 for the j
purpose of commencing this work, and there is no j
reason that you should now add another appro- 1
priation of $50,000, unless you go over the whole
ground, and do justice to the whole country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR. I move to increase the amount
#50,000. It is very gratifying to me to find gen-
tlemen upon both sides of the House advocating
the doctrine of internal improvements indirectly.
Every argument submitted by my honorable friend
from New York in favor of appropriations to re-
move obstructions from the Savannah river, would
apply with equal force to appropriations for other
rivers. I will not act upon the unwise policy of
refusing any appropriation—however just the ap-
propriation may be—because I cannot get all I
want. I will vote for the appropriation to remove
obstructions from the mouth of the Savannah river,
for the reasons so eloquently urged by the gentle-
man from Georgia, and for the further reasons
presented to us by the gentleman from New York,
who has just taken his seat. There should be no
difficulty about this matter. It is not an objection
to me that it comes to us at this late period in a
naval appropriation bill, and I regret very much
to hear my friend from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,]
a gentleman who has distinguished himself in this
House by his intelligence and statesmanlike views
upon most occasions, absolutely endeavoring to
prejudice this committee in advance against one
of the most important amendments which the Sen-
ate have presented to us at this session, relating
to the reform and reestablishment of the Navy. I
understood my honorable friend from Missouri to
allude to it as one of the abominations which the
Senate had thrown upon this House at the last
moment.
Mr. PHELPS. I said it had no place here in
this bill.
Mr. TAYLOR. I rejoice to have an opportu-
nity of voting upon all these appropriations. I
will vote with the gentleman from Georgia to
remove obstructions from the mouth of the Sa-
vannah river, for the reasons so eloquently and
appropriately given by the gentlemen who have
spoken upon this subject. I will support that
other amendment alluded to by my friend from
Missouri, when it shall be presented, for a reform
and reestablishment of the Navy of the United
States. We have a perfect right to do it in this
naval appropriation bill, and it can be done here
to-night. Every man in this committee is pre-
pared to vote upon it, who has looked into the
subject. It does not require five minutes' consid-
eration; and every man can soon make up his
mind. I hope, when we come to that amendment,
that the debate will cease, and that we shall do
the business of the country as men ought to do,
and not sit here acting like children, when we are
' legislating for a great national purpose. We have
had too much of this kind of legislation. Gen-
I tlemen upon this floor ought to be prepared to act
upon every question brought up here, and espe-
cially upon the measure to which I have referred,
for a reform in the Navy. I do not believe that
there is a gentleman within the sound of my voice
who is not prepared to give a decisive vote upon
; this question.
Mr. GORMAN. I do not rise at this hour, on
! the last day of the session, to make a speech. I
j shall ask for a vote, but before I do that I move
that the committee rise, for the purpose of closing
debate upon this question, if this thing is to go on
in this way.
I The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative.
i Thecommitteeaccordinglyrose, and theSpeaker
1 having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
I Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the Union generally, and particularly
the Senate amendments to the naval appropriation
bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. GORMAN. I move the usual resolution
to stop general debate upon all these items.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it is in order,
I move to suspend the rules authorizing five-min-
utes debate upon this bill.
The question was taken upon Mr. Gorman's
motion, and it was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to. .
The House accordingly again resolved .itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and resumed the consideration of the
amendments to the naval appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Taylor.]
Mr. TAYLOR. I withdraw the amendment.
The question then being upon the amendment of
the Senate, . ,
Mr. JACKSON demanded tellers; which were
not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the senate
amendment was not agreed to.
The thirty-eighth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert as follows: , . .  . ,
« For the purpose of paying the lien existing on the lands
rpcpntlv purchased as an addition to the navy-yard at Brook-
lyn, #12,247 05, to be paid by Ihe Secretary of the Navy, if
unon examination he shall find ihe same to be due as a lien
on the purchase of the said land. And the Secretary ofthe
