1146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Navy is hereby empowered and directed to sell and convey
to any purchaser all that part of the navy-yard lands at
Brnokli 11. between the vv~t side of Vande'btlt avenue and
the hospital grounds, containing about twenty six and a
half acre*, including Vanderbilt and Clinton avenues : fro
vuietl, That said lands shall not be sold at a less price than
they cost the Government, including interest, with all as-
sessments and charges: jlnd provided fuither, That prior
to the sale of said lands, exclusive jurisdiction shall be ceded
to the United States of all the remaining lands connected
with said navy yard belonging to the United States."
Mr. VENABLK. I move to strike out the first
line of that amendment. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the history of this trans-
action. In 1848 the United States voted appro-
priations for the marine hospital and navy-yard at
Brooklyn. It was urged upon them to buy the
land between the navy-yard and the marine hos-
pital. This land was purchased by the Secretary
of the Navy from the company at $285,000. The
city of Brooklyn said that they never had ceded
jurisdiction over it, and they ran streets clear
through it. They proposed to tax the United
States fl0,000 a year for this property, and now
we are asked to sell that property after having
bought it. It was urged again and again that it
was necessary to connect the navy-yard with the
marine hospital. That amendment provides that
this property shall be set up for sale, and the only
limitation is that we are to take the sum of money
which we gave for it in 1848.
In 1848 it was urged, as I before said, as indis-
pensable that we should buy it out to secure the
right of way between the marine hospital and the
navy-yard. Under the representations then made,
it was purchased by the then Secretary of the
Navy, Mr. Mason; but the city of Brooklyn did
not surrender her jurisdiction over it, anil subse-
quently run two streets through it. They also
claimed the right to tax the property of the United
States; and they now come back, when the prop-
erty is made more valuable by the town being
built up around it, and ask that we shall sell it for
the money which we gave for it, without any ad-
vance upon it. It is to be sold by the Secretary
of the Navy. There was never a more monstrous
proposition presented to us. The Government is
pressed and urged to buy the land in 1848. We
buy it at $285,000, and we are now urged to sell
it, just at a time, however, when, in the apprecia-
tion of the value of property by building up the
city and forcing their streets through it, they make
their property more valuable. We are to content
ourselves with the 8285,000—the money which
we gave for it in 1848—and that, too, in a most
summary way—much more summary than a gen-
tleman would put up bonds at sale. I repeat, that
unless we can get rid of these amendments of the
Senate, which have jobs written upon their face,
we had as well cease to do anything towards just,
proper, and liberal legislation. I am opposed to
the whole amendment. I am opposed to this
whole matter. It is to make money out of the
Government. It is to make us purchase property
at a high price when it is valueless, and then,
when it has increased in value, to let it go back
into the hands of speculators, who are to make a
profit out of it again at the price we gave for it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The argu-
ment of the gentleman from North Carolina is
nothing new. His representations are as far from
the mark as they are fai* from being novel. It is
true that the Government was urged, in 1848, to
purchase this property, and did purchase it. If, at
that time, it had been known that the city of New
York had refused to surrender jurisdiction to the
property, it would not have been purchased, and
it oughtnotto have been purchased; butit was pur-
chased. The gentleman says that the proposition
is to take what we gave in 1848, and nothing more.
It is provided in that amendment, if I understand it,
that the property shall not be sold for less than the
sum paid for it, with interest. If the gentleman is so
particularly anxious about it,hecan purchase this
property for speculation, or anybody else. This
thing is not hid under a bushel. It is known to
the whole country. If the gentleman is desirous
of saving money to the Government of the Uni-
ted States, I will inform him that the Government
has more than two hundred acres of land there,
and 1 would ask him to explain to this House
what the Government wants with it. A large por-
tion ef the land, perhaps as much as one hundred
acres, is a mud flat, to be filled up perhaps at a
coBt of $200,000 and more; perhaps at an expense
of a million of dollars.
Mr. VENABLE. What did they buy it for ?
Mr.BOWNE. I cannot say what they bought
it for, but it is useless to the Government. If the
gentleman thinks there is any job or speculation
about it, I will tell him that he can buy it, or any-
body else can buy it. 1 suppose the gentleman
sees something dishonest in this matter.
Mr. VENABLE. Not at all.
Mr. BOWNE. The gentleman disclaims it.
Well, I can only say that there is nothing dis-
honest about it. It is all public and open and
fair. He or anybody else can bid 
Mr. VENABLE. Then advertise it.
Mr. BOWNE. You can put in a provision that
it shall be advertised. If the gentleman is really
an economist, and not a mere agitator—not a mere
pretended economist—let him understand that by
this proposition we shall save at least §250,000,
the sum paid for it, all the money that would be
necessary to fill up the land and make it solid
ground, and put improvements upon it.
Mr. VENA BLE. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BOWNE. I move to reduce thepnceone
dollar.
Mr. Chairman, when we had this matter under
consideration, a few days ago, I stated, as I
thought, the whole grounds for this provision; but
from private conversation with members of the
H ouse since, I find that I was not understood, and
I therefore wish to make a plain and distinct state-
ment. 1 tell the House that there is no job about
this matter—no rascality. I think my counte-
nance is a guarantee for that, if for nothing else.
It is a plain and simple proposition.
In 1848, the Government of the United States
bought of certain parties—and bought very im-
properly—eighty-odd acres of ground lying be-
tween the navy-yard proper and the hospital
grounds in Brooklyn. They bought it with a
view to make a connection between the navy-yard
proper and the hospital grounds. But they did
not get a good title to the property. The city of
Brooklyn retained jurisdiction over theground, and
they, by that right which they retained, and which
they will retain until anarchy takes the place of
law, laid out two streets through the only part of
the ground by which they could reach the water,
thus subverting the object of the Government in
buying the land and preventing any connection
between the navy-yard proper and the hospital
grounds. But the object of the city of Brooklyn
is also defeated, for we cannot get at the water by
one of the streets when a vessel is lying at the foot
of it. Now, I desire to accommodate both the
Government and the city of Brooklyn. This
amendment provides that the sale shall not be
made until the city of Brooklyn surrenders the
jurisdiction over the property, and it provides, also,
that the Government shall get back every dollar it
paid for this land, with interest. The Govern-
ment bought eighty-two acres; we ask that twen-
ty-two and a half acres shall be sold, which have
been cut into three parts by the streets running
through them.
Now, the proposition stands thus: the Govern-
ment bought the piece of property for a certain
purpose, and that purpose has been defeated. The
property, therefore, is valueless to the Govern-
ment, and the Government asks to be relieved of
that portion of it which is of no value to them,
and that the city of Brooklyn shall have the ad-
vantage of it. That is the precise position of
things. There is no job about the matter—no ras-
cality connected with it in any shape or form.
The ground is of no value to the Government.
Mr. F1CKL1N. Why is it that the whole of
the ground is not to be sold ?
Mr. BOWNE. For the reason that the city
of Brooklyn has run two streets 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think this
piece of ground in Brooklyn was bought when
the Government did not need it, perhaps because
some gentlemen owned it who wished to make,
and who did make a speculation by selling it to
the Government. The Government was wrong
in buying the piece of ground and paying for it,
before a law was passed by the Legislature of
New York ceding the jurisdiction over the pur-
chase to the United States. The Government
bought it from these parties—Griffin and Wright,
I believe—supposingthat it was all their property.
But after the Government had bought the prop-
erty, paid the money, and taken a deed for it, the
authorities of the city of Brooklyn said that it
was apart of that city, and that streets ran through
the ground, and they cut it up and made it value-
less to the Government as an appendage to the
navy-yard, which it was intended to benefit. It
becomes necessary for the Government, therefore,
to make the best of a bad bargain, and sell the
property. My own opinion is, that it should be
sold, but that it would be the duty of the Govern-
ment first to go back upon those from whom they
made the purchase, and sue them for the damages
sustained by the Government in consequence of
streets running through the property.
Mr. BOWNE. I merely wish to say to the
gentleman from Tennessee that, unfortunately for
the Government, the parties from whom they
bought the property are men of straw.
Mr. JONES. Perhaps the man who made the
deed, and through whom the purchase was made,
was a man of straw; but those who received the
money and benefited by it were not.
Mr. BOWNE. We cannot reach them. I
want to say one thing more 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Tennessee has yielded the floor, and further de-
bate is not in order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. If wearetopasa
the bills that are demanded by the public necessi-
ties, we must debate less. I move that the com-
mittee rise in order to stop the five-minutes debate
upon this item.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the chairman
(Mr. Orr) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the Union generally, and particu-
larly the amendments of the Senate to the naval
appropriation bill, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I move the
usual resolution to close the five-minutes debate
on the particular amendment of the Senate to the
naval appropriation bill now pending in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. HARRIS. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Orr in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the amendments of
the Senate to the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. BOWNE. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to
amend the Senate amendment by adding thereto
the following:
Provided, That the sale be made at public auction, after
thirty days' notice in at least three daily newspapers in the
cities of New York and Brooklyn.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BOWNE. I desire to offer an amendment
if I can have the unanimous consent of the com-
mittee to explain for one minute by the clock.
[Cries of " No ! " " No! " and " Object! "J
The question recurred on agreeing to the amend-
ment of the Senate as amended, it was put, and
the amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-ninth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert as follows :
" That the sum of£l,164 10, being part of the appropria-
tion made for the service of continuing the survey of the
coast of the Gult of Mexico, from Appalachicola bay to the
Mississippi river, by the act of March 3, 1841, and which
ha;s been carried to the credit of the surplus fund, be and is
hereby reappropriated to pay for the services of the officer
or officers employed in that survey."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in by the committee.
Fortieth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert as follows :
" 8ec.—. Jlnd be it further enacted, That thp Secretary
of the Navy is authorized to purchase the site and buildings
examined and reported upon by Captains Tatnall and Rous-
seau, and Lieutenant Farrand, of the United States Navy,
September 24. 185*2, for the establishment of naval work-
shops and naval depot near the city of New Orleans:
Provided, He shall consider that New Orleans is a proper
point for the establishment of a naval depot and naval work-
shops, and that the cost thereof shall not exceed $375,000."
Mr. GOODENOW. I move to strike out all
of the appropriation except one dollar.
Mr. Chairman, I understand this amendment
