1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1147
provides for the establishment of a naval dep6t at j,
Xew Orleans. Now, I submit to this committee !
that m the present condition of our naval aft'airs,
 it additional naval depot is not necessary. The
House has deliberately determined not to appro-
priate any more money for the increase of our
n.-nal force, and I submit that at this sta e of our
proceedings, it is unnecessary, and in my judg-
ment. it is unwise, to make an appropriation of
JjT.'i.OOO for the purpose of establishing a naval
Je;> >t at New Orleans, which will certainly result
in our establishing a navy-yard at the same point.
Wall our present naval establishment, we need no
more na\y-yards and no more naval depots. I
hope the "amendment of the Senate will not be
*^Mr. V ENABLE. How did this §375,000come
in ibis bill'
Mr. LANDRY. Mr. Chairman, I hope the
amendment of the Senate will not be stricken out.
] do not think there is a member upon this floor
who is not well aware that both a navy-yard and
a naval dep^t are almost indispensable at or near
the ciiv of New Orleans. Its immediate connection
with the Gulf of Mexico renders it very important
that a naval depot should exist there in case of an
emergency.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Ven-
able] wanted to know how this $375,000 gotinto
this bill. 1 will tell the gentleman. The Senate
inserted it as an amendment to the bill. They did
it with the estimates before their eyes. They in-
cluded it there wisely, in my judgment. At the
last session of Congress the Senate passed a reso-
lution requesting the Secretary of the ISavy to send
a board of naval officers to examine and select a
gite at or near the city of New Orleans for the es-
tablishment of a naval depot. In compliance with
that resolution, a board of naval officers visited
New Orleans, and after examining all the sites
which were proposed, they agreed to report one
upon which a building wasalready erected, which,
after some necessary repairs, would answer the
purposes of the Government. They have made
a report, in which they state the result of their
investigation, and represent that $375,000 is a
fair price for the property they recommend the
Government to purchase. They report that the
buiMing and grounds are altogether adequate to
the wants of the Government;and thequestion now
before this committee is, whether it is necessary
brick wall, and it now remains inclosed with a
cypress-board fence. i!
Mr. FREEMAN. I call the gentleman to |
order. The question before the committee is a
proposition to establish a naval depot at New Or-
leans, and the gentleman is discussing the navy-
yard at Memphis.
Mr. STANTON. I am discussing the propri-
ety of a naval depot in the Mississippi valley.
Mr. FREEMAN. That question is not before
the committee at all. I call the gentleman to order.
The question under consideration is upon estab-
lishing a naval depot at New Orleans.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee must confine his remarks to the explana-
tion of his amendment.
Mr. STANTON. Well, sir, New Orleans is
in the Mississippi valley, I believe, but Mem-
phis is in a more healthy location. The climate
is more healthy than at New Orleans; navigation
is uninterrupted; and I think it a better location
for a naval depot; but if you do not put it there,
I am in favor of putting it at New Orleans.
Mr. FREEMAN. The gentleman says navi-
gation is uninterrupted to Memphis. I ask him
if the water is not sometimes reduced to four and
a half feet upon a bar between Vlcksburg and that
city ?
Mr. STANTON. Oh, it is a good deal more
than that.
Mr. FREEMAN. Well, sir, the gentleman
will find that what 1 have said is correct. There
is a bar there upon which the water is not more
than four and a half feet deep.
Mr. STANTON. I think the gentleman is
mistaken.
Mr. DEAN. I call the gentleman from Ten-
nessee and the gentleman from Mississippi to
order.
Mr. STANTON. We do not contend that the
water in the Mississippi river is sufficient to ad-
mit vessels of a very great draught of water except
during the spring floods. During eight or nine
months in the year, they cannot get over the
bar at the mouth of the river, and consequently
cannot come up to New Orleans, so that Mem-
phis is nearly as well off as New Orleans for
that matter. But 1 say the Mississippi valley
is entitled to a naval depot somewhere. Her re-
sources entitle her to it, and if we cannot get it at
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stan-
ton] to the Senate amendment.
Mr. STANTON. With the consent of the
committee, I will withdraw my amendment.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
The question then recurred upon concurring in
the amendment of the Senate; and being taken,
the amendment was non-concurred in—ayes 16,
noes not counted.
Forty-first amendment of the Senate:
"Sec.—. Jlnd be it further enacted, That theproper ac-
counting officers ot the Treasury be, and they are hereby,
directed to credit the medical officers of the Navy, who, by
order of the Department, served with a detachment of ma-
rines in Mexico during the late war with that Republic, in
addition to the pay to which they are entitled as medical
otfieersof the Navy, respectively, the same allowance for
rations and forage, in proportion to the time they so served,
as are allowed to officers of the Army of Kim ilitr standi m:.:'
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in by the committee.
Forty-second amendment of the Senate:
[This amendment embraced the provisions of
Senate bill No. 574, for the reorganization of the
Navy of the United States.]
Mr. PHELPS. This is the bill for the reorgan-
ization of the Navy. It was under consideration
for a long time in the Senate, and I presume we
all understand it.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the committee rise
for the purpose of stopping this five-minutes de-
bate.
Mr. FITCH. I hope not; I hope this amend-
ment will be discussed.
The question was put, and Mr. Dean's motion
was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
I having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.ORR)
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
j state of the Union had, according to order, had the
| state of the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly the bill of the House making ap-
propriations for the services of the naval Depart-
, ment for the year ending June 30, 1854, and had
' come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. DEAN. I move the usual resolution to
close the five-minutes debate upon the pending
amendment to the bill.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the rules be sus-
Memphis I will go for putting it at New Orleans, , ~ d that the House resolve ilself int0 the
for this Government to have a naval depot at that , and if you cannot get it ^either oi these p ace Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
point or not ? My own opinion is, that if you do
not purchase this site now and establish the depot,
you will have to do it sooner or later, and it will
cost the Government more mony than we now
propose to pay for it.
Mr. FREEMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Louisiana if it is not intended ultimately
to remove the navy-yard and depot from Memphis
to New Orleans?
Mr. LANDRY. There is no such purpose that
I am aware of.
Mr. FREEMAN. Though I am opposed to
the amendment of the Senate, I think it ought to
be removed to New Orleans.
Mr. GOODENOW. 1 will withdraw my amend-
ment if no one objects.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was withdrawn.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move to in-
crease the appropriation $5,000.
Now, Bir, strange as it may seem, I intend to
advocate the adoption of this amendment of the
Senate. Some eight or nine years ago, before I
had the honor to be a member upon this floor, a
navy-yard was located at Memphis, and it has
given me more trouble in my district than any-
thing I have had to encounter. You have already
spent nearly a million dollars in the construction
of that yard, and I think it has been well spent, if
the Government will go on and carry out its ori-
ginal purpose faithfully. But Congress in its wis-
dom nas refused to appropriate inconsiderable
sums which have been askeu for the last three or
four years, for the purpose of doing what no per-
son would neglect to do—of filling up unsightly
holes which tend to destroy the foundations of
the building as well as the health of the people re-
siding in the yard.
A Member. Is the navy-yard at Memphis
finished ?
Mr. STANTON. It was nearly finished, but
Congress have refused to surround it with a proper
will go for putting it at Vicksburg, or any other
place in the Mississippi valley which may be se- j
lected. I
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I would sug- j
gest to the gentleman that the mouth of the Ya- ,
zoo river would be a very good location. |
Mr. STANTON. Very well; I will go for
putting it there if that is the place selected by the
Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROWN. I movethat the committee rise
for the purpose of terminating the five-minutes
debate upon this amendment.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the com-
mittee (Mr. Orr) reported that the Committee of
i the Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing to order, had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the bill of the House
entitled "An act making appropriations for the
naval service during the fiscal year ending June
30, 1854," with the amendment of the Senate
thereto,and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I move to sus-
pend the rule allowing five-minutes debate in the
Committee of the Whole on thestateof the Union,
upon the section of the naval appropriation bill
last under consideration in committee.
The question was taken, and (two thirds having
I voted in the affirmative) the rule was suspended.
' Mr. BROWN. I now move that the rules be
I suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
; the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
1 UThe question was put,and the motion agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Orr in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the naval appropriation bill, the ques-
tion pending being upon the adoption of the amend-
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and resumed the consideration of the Senate amend-
ments for the reorganization of the Navy.
Mr. BROWN. As the amendment under con-
sideration is a very long one, and has been read
by every member of the committee, I trust that
the vote will be taken upon it without reading it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 offer a sub-
stitute for that Senate amendment, which I send
to the Clerk's table:
The amendment was as follows:
Be it further enacted, That the commission and warrant
of every officer in the Navy are hereby vacated and an-
nulled: Prodded, That officers now on duty shall hold
their commissions or warrants until relieved, or until re-
appointed under the provisions of this law.
Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That the commissioned
officers of tt.e Navy, to be appointed by and with the advice
and consent ol the Senate, shall hereafter consist of the
following grades and number?, to wit: twenty commodores,
fifty captains, sixty commanders, thirty lieutenant com-
manders, two hundred and fifty lieutenants, two hundred
and fifty midshipmen, sixty-nine surgeons, thirty four
passed assistant surgeons, forty- five ass^tant surgeons, six-
ty-four pursers, twenty assistant pursers, one chief engi-
neer, twenty engineers, twenty five first assistant engineers,
thirty second assistant engineers, thirty-five third assistant
engineers. The warrant officers, to be appointed as hereto-
fore, shall be as follows2, to wit: sixty boatswains, forty five
gunners, forty five carpenters, thirty eight sail-makers.
Sec. 3. Be it further enactcd, That the President shall
cause to be communicated to Congress at the commence-
ment of us next ses ion,a plan lor the rfl.ef ofmeritonous
officers who may be dropped from the Navy list by virtue
ofthislaw; and all such officers shall receive the, r present
pay until the end of the next session of Congress, if tto
other provision shall be made prior to that time
Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That the number of cad
to be educated at tile Naval Academy shall not at any time
hereafter exceed two hundred and p.^'risates
ed from each Congressional district in the United states,
and the re t at large by the President; and only so many
as may be necessary to fill the vacancies occurring m the
rank of midshipman shall be selected at the annual examm-
auons, to be retained in Ibe public service.
