1148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That the pay of commo-
dores, when on duty, shall be $4,000 per annum ; when
not on dutr. $3,000. The pay of lieutenant commanders,
on duty, shall be $U?00; not on duty, $ 1*500. The pay of
assistant pursers ondut>, $1,000; not on duty, .$*00. The
pay of all other officers shall be as how provided by law.
Sec. 6. Be it further cnacteih That, in addition to the
nava! bureaus now established by law, there shall be one
called the Bureau of Service-to which shall be assigned the
charge of such matters as pertain to the officers and men of
the Navy ; and there shall be appointed under the authority
of this bureau, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, a judge advocate, who shall be learned in the law,
and shall receive a salary of $3,000 per annum; and there
shall also be appointed one chief clerk, at a salary of .$1,600 ;
one assistant clerk, at a salary of$1,400, and one at a sal-
ary of $ 1,200.
Sec. T. Be it furtker enacted. That the chiefs of bureaus
in the Navj Department may be appointed from any grade
of officers ui the service, except the Bureau of Construction; 1
which shall be tilled by a competent naval constructor;
and the salary of the chiefs of bureau* shall be .$'3,300.
Sec. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty
of the President hereafter to dismiss from the Navy, or
place on turlough, m his discretion, every officer who may
become incompetent or unworthy from any cause oilier
than wounds or infirmities incurred in the service; and all
promotions shall be made according to merit, taking into
consideration length of service as well as ability and char-
acter.
sfc 9 Be it further enacted, That surgeons and pursers
of the Navy of less than twelve year*" standing shall rank
as lieutenants, and that surgeons and pursers of more than
twelve years' standing shall rank as commanders ; passed
assistant surgeons siiall rank next after lieutenants; assist-
ant surgeons shall rank as masters, in every case according
to date of commission or warrant: Provided, That com-
manding officers shall take precedence over all medical
officers and pursers under their immediate command; and
that medical officers and pursers shall be entitled to no
military command in virtue of the above rank.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. If the substitute is
not adopted, will it be in order to offer an amend-
ment ?
The CHAIRMAN. It will.
The question was then taken on the substitute
offered by Mr. Stanton; and there were, upon a
division—ayes 34, noes not counted.
So the substitute was rejected.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the Senate, and being put, the Chair announced,
on a division, 15 in the affirmative; when
Mr. PRICE called for tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Mason and Goodenow were
appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers i
reported—ayes 44, noes 86.
So the amendment of the Senate was not con-
curred in.
The amendments of the Senate were all disposed
of, and the committee informally rose.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United Slates, by the hands of M. P.
Fillmore, his Private Secretary, informing the
House that the President had signed bills of the
following titles:
An act making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending the 30th of June,
1854;
An act to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1853;
An act to establish certain post roads, and for
other purposes; and
An act making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1854.]
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up the mail-steamer appro- ,
priation bill and the Indian appropriation bill,
which have been returned from the Senate with
amendments, and refer them to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent they
will be so referred.
There was no objection, and the bills were so
referred.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union resumed its session.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, I move that
the committee rise, and report the naval bill to the
House.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 hope the gentleman from '
Tennessee will withdraw that motion, and allow
the bill to be laid aside for the present. There are
one or two other appropriation bills I desire to
take up, and which will not consume more than
a few minutes.
Mr. STANTON. I insist upon the motion.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I hope the committee
will vote it down.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Stanton, and it was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Orr) reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly the
Senate's amendments to the Navy appropriation
bill, and had directed him to report back the bill
to the House with sundry amendments, some of
which Senate amendments the committee recom-
mend a concurrence in, and others a non-concur-
rence.
Mr. STANTON. I move the previous ques-
tion on concurring in the several amendments re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I suggest that the House
take one single vote on concurring in the report of
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STANTON. I am perfectly willing, with
the exception of one single amendment, and that
is in reference to the basin and railway for the
dry-dock in California.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
vote will be taken upon all the amendments upon
which a separate vote is not asked.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask for a separate vote upon
the amendment in reference to the naval reform.
It is the last Senate amendment.
The previous question then received a second,
and the main quetion was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken upon agreeing to
the report of the Committee of the Whole, in ref-
erence to all amendments upon which a separate
vote had not been requested, and the report of the
committee was concurred in.
Amendment No. twenty-seven and a half of the
, Senate, upon which a separate vote was asked,
t was then read, as follows:
"And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby directed to
complete, and carry into execution, the verbal contract for
a basin and railway in California in connection with the
floating dry-dock, as made by the late Secretary, in pursu-
ance of authority for that purpose given by the act of Sep-
tember 28, 1850, entitled ' An actmakingappropriationsfor
the naval service for the year ending June 30, 1851,' and as
stated in the letter of the said late Secietary, addressed to
the Hon. Howell Cobb, Speaker of the House of Represen-
tatives, and dated the 21st day of January, 1851, towards the
execution of which ($150,000 is hereby appropriated: Pro-
vided, That, in the judgment of the Secretary, such basin
and railway are necessary, and will be useful to the public
service.11
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
disagreed to that amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask for tell-
ers on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harms of
Tennessee, and Hart were appointed.
The question was then taken on concurring
with the report of the Committee of the Whole,
which rejected the amendment, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 56; when—
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BOWNE. I ask the Chair to state the
question, so that we may vote intelligently.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union reported against the
amendment. For the sake of convenience, the
question will be taken directly upon agreeing to
the Senate amendment.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 81, nays 72, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. David J. Bailey, Bennett, Bocock,
Bowie, Bowne, Breckinridge, Bnggs, Albert G. Brown,
George H. Brown, Busby, E. Carrmgtou Cabell, Joseph
Cable, Thompson Campbell, Caskie, Cleveland, Conger,
Cottman, Curtis, George T. Davis, Dean, Disney, Doty,
Duncan, Dunham, Ewing, Fitch, Florence, Freeman,
HenryM. Fuller,Gaylord, Gilmore, Goodenow,Goodrich,
Green, Grey, Grow, Hart, Holladay, Ingersoll, Jackson,
Robert W. Johnson, Little, Lockhart, Mace, Mann, Mar-
shall, Martin, Mason, McCorkle, McDonald, McNair,
Molony, Henry D. Moore, Morrison, Olds, Penn, Polk,
Price, Riddle, Robie, Robinson, Sabine, Sackett, Savage,
Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, David L. Seymour, Snow,
Frederick P. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Strother,
Sutherland, Sweetser, Thurston, Walsh, Ward, Wash-
burn, Addison White, Wilcox, and Yates—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Babcock, Barrere,
John H. Boyd, Chapman, Churcluvell, Clark, Clemens,
Clingman, Cobb, Colcock, Darby, John G. Davis, Dawson,
Diinmick, Dockery, Durkee, Eastman, Floyd, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Giddings, HiiM,rshamG. Harris, Hascall, Haven,
Hendricks, Hibbard, Horsford, Houston,Thomas M. Howe,
Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, Daniel T. J ones,
George W. Jones, George G. King, Preston King, Kurtz,
Landry, Letcher, McQueen, Millson, Morehead, Murphy,
Murray, Newton, Orr, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel
W. Parker, Penmman, Perkins, Phelps, Preston, Robbing,
Ross, Russell, Scurry, Skelton, Stanly, Alexander II.
Stephens, Stratton, Stuart, Taylor, Toombs, Town«hend,
Venable. Walbridge, Wells, Wildrick, and Woodward
—7*2.
So the amendment of the Senate was adopted,
and the action of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union reversed.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken.
Mr. McCORKLE. And I move to lay that
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman from
Georgia vote with the majority?
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 did not.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman cannot
make the motion. The Clerk will read thesecond
amendment upon which a separate vote was asked.
It is the long amendment which relates to the re-
organization of the Navy.
Mr. PHELPS. And I desire to say that the
amendment was not read in the Committee of the
Whole upon the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri is out of order.
Mr. PHELPS. It was so. It was not read.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the reading of this amendment, relating
to the reorganization of the Navy, be dispensed
with ?
[Cries of " Yes !" " Yes!" all over the Hall.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
if the Chair is of opinion that gentlemen can be
required to vote upon propositions which they
have not heard read, and which never have been
read, either in Committee or in the House?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman desires to
have the amendment read, the Chair will direct the
Clerk to read it.
Mr. JONES. I ask to have it read.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Is it in order to
move to lay the bill upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. STEPHENS. I make that motion.
Mr. DISNEY. I rise to a queston of order.
This House has no power over the body of that
bill. The House has passed it once and sent it
to the Senate, and it comes back here with Senate
amendments. This House has no power over
any portion of it, except the amendments of the
Senate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
motion to lay upon the table is in order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That is per-
fectly clear.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
; motion to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I demand the
yeas and nays, and tellers on the yeas and nays.
| Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Breckin-
j ridge and Cartter were appointed.
The House was divided, and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay on the table, and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to read the amendment.
Mr. POLK. I rise to a question of order. I
understand that when this bill was brought out of
the Committee of the Whole, it was by unanimous
consent.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mistaken.
There was no unanimous consent at all with refer-
ence to the subject.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That amendment
has never been read.
Mr. STEPHENS. I demand a division on
every separate proposition in it.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman desig-
nate?
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask for a separate vote
on the first clause now.
Mr. POLK. Is it in order to move that the
reading of this amendment be dispensed with ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
it would be in order.
Mr. POLK. The policy indicated by the gen-
tleman from Georgia, seems to be to consume
time. I hope I do not do him injustice.
Mr. STEPHENS. My policy is to defeat the
bill; and I will do it if I can.
Mr. POLK. The gentleman's purpose is to
consume time and defeat the bill.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, and
the Chair must enforce the rule.
Mr. POLK. I move to suspend the rules for
