1150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
of legislation. I presume that it originates in a
spirit'which has existed in Congress heretofore to
protect the Indians against unjust contracts made
with agents. It' that be so, I will state that the
amendment which is now made must be oppres-
sive to the Indians; and I will show how I think
it is. The law of the land, as it now stands, re-
quires the agents of the Government of the United
States, where the money is due in a national form,
to pay it per capita into the hands of the Indians,
and that no contract of an agent with any Indian
tribe shall be recognized by the Government so as
to pay the money into the hands of any agent.
This was enacted at the instance of the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Woodward,] after full
debate, at the last session of this Congress. In
the settlement of the contracts m;tde by the In- j
dians, in nine cases out of ten, the facts will show j
that the Indian will not submit to injustice and
wrong if the means of redress are within his pow- ]
er. Give them their money in their own hands,
pay it not into the hands of agents, and they will
protect themselves. Such is the law of the land
as it now stands, and if we adopt the spirit of this
amendment as a general law of the land, the con-
sequence must be, at least so it seems to me, that
it will cut the Indian off from the power of pros-
ecuting his rights before us in any form; because
we know that the white man will not undertake it
without compensation, and we know, also, that
the Indian himself cannot prosecute his claim, for
he is helplessly and hopelessly unable to do so.
They must have some means of communicating
with the Government of the United States, at
whose hands they demand relief, and from whom
they are asking but simple justice, in a thousand
instances. If we say that they shall have no com-
munication, we will put them in a condition still
more hopeless. We may violate treatyafter treaty,
and yet, if you would adopt the spirit of this
amendment as general legislation, you would de-
prive them of the means even of communication,
whether to implore your mercy or protest against
your perfidious wrongs. 1 am satisfied that this
legislation is entirely unnecessary, to say the least
of it. !
Mr. DUNHAM. I oppose the amendment. j
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw the amendment.
The question was taken upon the Senate amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
The sixth amendment of the Senate being next
in order—
Mr. PHELPS. The clause in the original bill
reads thus:
" Texas Indians.—For compensation to three special
agents and four interpreters for the Indian tribes of Texas,
and for the purchase ol presents, $15,000."
The Senate amendment proposes to strike out \
" 15,000" and insert " 30,000."
Mr. PITCH. I should like to inquire whether
the Committee on Finance have had that matter
under consideration?
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee on Ways and
Means have not.
Mr. FITCH. Let us hear some necessity for
it.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to increase the sum
one dollar. I will state that one of the Indian
agents came here from Mexico and communicated
with the Department that an increase of the fund
was absolutely necessary. The Department be-
came satisfied of that fact and addressed a letter j
to the committee of the House, but it did not reach j
the House until the morning of the passage of the j
bill. The letter was communicated totheSenate, ■
and the Senate, upon the recommendation of the ]
Department, increased that fund. I will state, ;
for the information of the House, that it is not |
only the opinion of the Indian agents, but of the
officers of the Army, that an increase of this fund
to these Indians for the purchase of provisions is
worth much more than many times the amount
devoted to fighting or attempting to subdue them.
I withdraw my amendment.
The question was taken upon the Senate amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
The seventh amendment of the Senate:
" Page 78, after line 3, insert as follows:
"To enable the Departments to procure the medals of
the next President of the United States for nresentation to
chiefs and headmen of the Indian tribes, $2,500."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The eighth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert, in page 78, after line 3, the following:
"To pay to Andrew Taylor, the head of a Cherokee
family .$14,725, wiih interest from the day of August,
1843, in adjustment of his reservation rights, under the
thirteenth article of the Cherokee trealy ot ]835; and the
amount necessary for that purpose is hereby appropriated
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated: Provided, That the sum appropriated by this
clause shall be paid directly to tile said Taylor, and not to
anybody else."
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will only say this: if
gentlemen want any explanation about it, that it
stands precisely upon the same ground with the
case of David Taylor. This case was regularly
adjudicated by the commissioners appointed under
that treaty. 1 will remind gentlemen that the only
difficulty made in the Department in reference to
David Taylor's case was want of a fund out of
which to pay it. I read statements, at the last ses-
sion, of the Auditors, Solicitors, and from the At-
torney General and Secretary of the Treasury, all
sustaining it. This case is placed upon the same
grounds with that of David Taylor, except that it
is free from the difficulty made in that case, for it
was alleged that he had sold his reservation pre-
viously. There is no pretense of that kind in this
instance. It was regularly adjudicated, as the
report shows.
Mr. FITCH. I suppose it is in order forme to
oppose the amendment. We learnfrom the confes-
sion of the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Cungman] that he is the counsellor of David Tay-
lor. This is a private claim of the same character.
It is a claim which, in the opinion of the committee
in the Senate, as appears from their report, grows
out of some treaty stipulation. This is a claim of
the same character as is alleged. It certainly ought
not to pass, because I believe it is said by several
of those who sustained David Taylor's claim, that
the claim was an unjust one. It was based upon
a treaty, or certain provision of a treaty, but the
reports to which the gentleman alludes in favor of
David Taylor from the Department were, as I at-
tempted to show at the last session, and would
have shown had I procured a hearing from the com-
mittee, based upon an error. The opinion of the
Attorney General was based upon an error, which
it appears had grown out of their want of close
observation of the papers, and furthermore, from
the fact that many of the papers had not been
submitted to them. This is a claim of the same
character; and if it is just, it is singular that it has
laid over ever since 1835; and this should be a
sufficient objection to it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. As we may
get into a squabble before we get through with the
hill, I move that the committee rise with a view
of closing general debate upon this matter.
The question was taken upon Mr. Johnson's
motion and it was decided in the negative.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to strike out the word
"interest."
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will barely state that
we paid interest in the other case from 1838, from
the time the treaty provided that the money should
be paid. In this instance they have allowed inter-
est to 1843 or 1844. When this case was adju-
dicated and a judgment was given in its favor by
the commissioner, it was adjudged that he was by
treaty entitled to be paid from the date of the ap-
propriation by Congress, which occurred in 1838.
Mr. HAVEN. The House refused to pay in-
terest to the Seneca Indians upon money of which
they had been cheated.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Ninth amendment of the Senate:
" Insert the following:
"That the President of the United States be, and he is
hereby, authorized to make five military reservations from
the public domain in the State of California, or the Terri-
tories of Utah and New Mexico, bordering on said State,
for Indian purposes: Provided, That such reservations shall
not contain more than twenty five thousand acres in each:
Jlndprovidedfurther, That said reservations shall not be
made on any lands inhabited by citizens of California; and
the sum of.§'350,000 is hereby appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay the ex-
penses of subsisting the Indians in Californiaand removing
them to said reservations for protection."
Mr. PHELPS. That amendment proposes, at
the commencement, to make five military reser-
vations in California, Utah, or New Mexico, but
at the close they are converted into Indian reser-
vations, and the sum of $250,000 is appropriated
for the purpose of placing the Indians upon them
and subsisting them. All this is to be done before
any treaty has been made with those Indians, or
ratified by the Senate.
Mr. DlJNHAM. I would ask the gentleman
if we shall not have to continue the subsistence
after we get the Indians upon the reservations?
Mr. PHELPS. I suppose so.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. This amend-
ment presents a matter which has never come up
before the Indian Committee of this House; but
from what little information I have in regard to it,
I am disposed to give it my hearty and entire sup-
port. The information I have in regard to it, I
have derived from the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs in the Senate, where thia
matter has been fully investigated. There are
about seventy thousand of these Indians in Cali-
fornia and that country, who are capable of labor,
and disposed to labor. They are docile by nature,
and inclined to the pursuits of peace and agricul-
ture. In their present condition, they are em-
ployed during the summer season by the miners,
and when winter comes they are turned loose to
starve and die. A large number of the Indians
who were there originally when we took posses-
sion of the country, have already perished. An
attempt has been made to save them by collecting
them together on particular reservations, or lots
of ground, and giving them some one who shall
act as overseer and director. In one instance,
where it has been attempted, many hundred In-
dians have assembled together, and have twelve
hundred acres of land in fine cultivation. They
work hard, are contented and satisfied, and have
better hopes of their own existence. The system
is a humane one, and has, I repeat, been found to
work well.
Sir, this amendment does not propose to adopt
the policy with regard to these Pueblo Indians
which has heretofore been adopted in our Indian
relations. It proposes to provide them with lands
in the shape of military reservations, and not to
give them the fee-simple title to the tracts of land;
so that if hereafter it shall become necessary to re-
move them, the Government will not be subjected
to the expense of purchasing out their title. The
amendment proposes that there shall be five reser-
vations of twenty-five thousand acres each. That
sounds very large; but the House will permit me
to say that it is only a township of land, and is
six miles square.
Sir, 1 am satisfied that this is the wisest and
most humane plan that has ever yet been devised
for the purpose of preserving the Indian tribes arid
extending to them some future hope. With that
view, and in that belief, I shall support the amend-
ment of the Senate. I understand that the Senate
Committee on Indian Affairs,after full and mature
examination, were unanimous in recommending
this amendment, and that when it was explained
to the Senate, there was but one opinion in regard
to it, and that was that it was right, and that the
dictates of humanity required it. I ask for it the
consideration and support of the House.
Mr. DUNHAM. Even if this amendment is
a proper one, I think that this is a very improper
time, and that this is a very improper manner to
adopt it. It is undoubtedly the entering wedge
to an entire change in the system of managing
the Indians, and it ought not to be adopted with-
out mature deliberation and full information. The
gentleman from Arkansas himself tells us that he
has had no opportunity of examining this matter,
and depends entirely upon information derived
from the Senate. And upon such information as
that we are asked to appropriate §250,000 to be-
gin with, and everybody must know that the sys-
tem proposed will lead to continued expenses and
appropriations. I think it ought not to be adopted
in this manner.
Mr. CLEVELAND. It strikes me that we
shall be doing better justice to ourselves, if we
agree to this amendment, than when we vote the
money which is ordinarily voted to the Collins
line of steamers and other projects of that charac-
ter. Gentlemen object that we have not had time
to examine this amendment. That argument will
exist through all coming time. The appropriation
bills will be presented next session in September,
and in the hurry, and in the night-time, there will
be no opportunity to examine this proposition,
and it will again go over. These Indians have
got to live next winter. We have taken away
their lands, and we owe them protection. We
