1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1151
tion strikes me, which 1 should like to have obvi-
ated, because my disposition is to vote for it. My
objection is tlus: By the laws of Mexico these
Indians have no possessory right to the soil, and ||
they have therefore no right to it in California,
New Mexico, or Utah. Now I want to know if
it is proposed to purchase a right of these Indians
winch we already possess, and to pay them
$250,000 for it ? I say these Indians have no
right or title to the soil; and for that reason I ob-
ject to this amendment, if I understand it prop-
erly.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is very sin- ,
gular that it should have escaped the gentlemen of
this committee, or rather, perhaps, 1 should say
that the fault is my own, and that it is singular
that I should have failed to make it clear to this
committee in the few remarks I submitted upon
tlus subject, what it is that this amendment pro-
poses to do. It is this: It proposes to set apart
from the land which it is assumed the Govern-
ment possesses, five townships of land, in differ-
ent places, for the use of these Indians. 1 dis-
cover from the action of the Senate that we are
going on to treat that title to this land precisely as
Texas has done in relation to the lands in that
State, and which we have criticised quite severely.
We are going on to treat these Indians as having
no title to the lands which we take from them, and
for which we are receiving millions into the Treas-
ury of the United States without any possessory
right, except the right of occupancy. But this
policy has been recognized, and we are going on
to carry it out.
Now it is proposed to set apart for these Indi-
ans five townships, which is thirty-six sections,
or six miles square of the land wnich has been
taken from them, for thepurpose of enabling them to
follow agricultural pursuits. The subject has been
matured by some individuals in California, and is
recommended by Mr. Beale, the Indian agent in
California. The system which it is proposed to
carry out is one which has stood the test of expe-
rience. They have already collected a large body
of these Indians, amounting to several hundreds
in number; they have induced them to cultivate
the soil, and by which they are now living happily
together. They have already several hundred—I
think twelve hundred acres—in cultivation. The
agent states that the experiment has proved a pe-
culiarly happy and fortunate one. When this
amendment passed the Senate, I presented the
subject to the gentleman from California, [Mr. Mc-
Corkle.] He said he did not desire it unless he
knew it to be right; that he had not examined it.
1 told him that if he would say he did not think it
was right, I would not support the amendment.
He said he would examine it. When he had ex-
amined it, he came back, and I asked him to say
whether it was a proper amendment or not. He
! said he believed it was proper; that after investi-
have robbed them of the entire continent, and I
think the small quantity of land that the Senate
now proposes to give them is very reasonable.
With regard to the $250,000, it strikes me that
that much money ought to be appropriated to aid
die Indians in starting as agriculturists. We
must either adopt the policy of killing them off by
arms and starvation, or this more humane policy.
It seems to me that this is the policy we ought to
adopt. We owe it both to ourselves and to the
Indians. The amendment made by the Senate
 as properly made, in my judgment, and this
argument about not having lime to examine it will
be a  ood argument throughout all coming time,
and ought, therefore, to have no weight with the
House. The committee of the House are not to
blame. They had no time to examine it. The
committee of the Senate, however, found time to
exanune it, and they recommended it with great
unanimity. I trust every member of the House
will he willing to do justice to this injured and
much-abused race of men.
Mr. SACKETT. Five reservations oftwenty-
five thousand acres each make a country of nearly
two hundred and fifty square miles; and as the
gentleman from Arkansas says there are only sev-
enty thousand of these Indians in California, that
will be a little over three hundred to the square
nule. I am opposed to the amendment.
Mr. FICKLIN. I desire to say a word in re-
gard to this amendment of the Senate, and I will
state to the committee that the only objection I
have to it arises from the fact that the honorable
chairman of the Indian Committee does not seem
to know, of his own knowledge, aa much about it
as I hoped he did.
2how, if the facts which the gentleman states
from the information of others, in regard to the
agricultural disposition of these Indians, be correct,
then I think with him, and with the honorable
gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Cleveland,]
tnat it is a matter of the very first importance that
we should adopt ihia system, and induce agricul-
tural pursuits on the part of these Indians by every
possible mode which can be presented to us.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Did the gen-
tleman understand me to say that this was not
right r
Mr. FICKLIN. No, sir; no.
Mr. JOHNSON. I say that it is right. I am
in favor of it, and shall certainly vote for it.
Mr. FICKLIN. I say that I concur with the
gentleman from Arkansas in his policy in regard
to the treatment of these Indians, and I only re-
gret that his information is not more minute with
respect to this amendment. I suppose he is cor-
rect, however, and I believe that this policy of
inducing the Indians to cultivate the soil, and turn
their attention to industry, is of the utmost im-
portance to us, and that we should adopt this
to what has been remarked by the gentleman from
Arkansas, [Mr. Johstso\t,] that this system^ is
recommended by the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs for the State of California—a gentleman
who knows more perhaps of the Indian character
there than any other man. He has investigated
this matter, and bestowed personal attention upon
it, and recommends the policy after mature delib-
eration, and from his own observation and experi- ,
ence. .
I am perfectly acquainted with the facts, in re-
gard to the number of Indians engaged for some
time past in cultivating the land on the Indian res-
ervation, made by the Indian commissioner ap-
pointed under the law of Congress passed two |
years ago ^Vhen the Indian treaties were rejected i
by the Senate, Captain Savage, the Indian agent,
induced a number of the Indians to come together |
upon his own land or lands, which he appropriated j
to himself, and they have succeeded beyond expect- |
ation. Captain Sutter, whose farming operations (
are more extensive than those of any other gentle-
man in that State, now uses Indian labor entirely. ,
If this policy is carried out, and these reserva- j
tions are made in California, the Indians in that
State, instead of being an expense to the Govern-
ment, will not cost anything. They will be able
to support themselves entirely. This will, there-
fore, be an economical investment of money, if
the policy succeeds; and that it will succeed, I have
no doubt whatever.
Mr. FITCH. One objection to this proposi-
country and of these Indians, he was satisfied
that it embraced the true policy of the country.
That is the opinion of the honorable gentleman
from California, [Mr. McCorkle.]
Now, as to thesubjectof the $250,000,1 will say .
to this committee that there are seventy thousand
of these Indians, and there are numbers of them
now soliciting admittance into that settlement.
There are whole bands of them wishing to come
in. There is not space enough to receive the num- |
ber who seek admittance into the settlement, and -
the five townships which this amendment proposes j
to set apart, will be barely sufficient for that pur- :
pose. The money which the amendment appro- ;
priates is to be used for the purpose of furnishing
them with farming utensils and the implements ot
husbandry, and to support them until such time
as they can provide for their own support. If it
subserves the purpose for which it is designed, in
my opinion it will be money well expended.
The character of the Pueblo Indians is well
known to every gentleman here. They are the
most peaceable, the most harmless, and the most
civilized Indians on the continent of America.
They have been made so by the efforts of the
Roman Catholic missionaries.
These, sir, are the facts of the case. 1 think
this committee will agree with me that it is a
wise and humane plan compared with the policy
that we have heretofore pursued towards the In-
dian tribes upon this continent, and the devasta-
tion with which we have visited them. It will
furnish one point in our Indian intercourse towards
which we can look with satisfaction, and feel that
we have done our duty.
Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE obtained the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the gentleman f1 >.p ■ :ot
desire to speak, I ask him to give way ■ ■ r^.bU
me to move that the committee rise, lor ;i,e pur-
pote of stopping this debate.
Mr. HOWE. I can say all that I desire to say
in about two minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, go on. I only thought
it was time to bring this discussion to a close.
Mr. HOWE. I think the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs has said' enough to sat-
isfy the committee that this proposition ought not
to be adopted now. According to the statement
of that gentleman, no committee of this House
has examined the subject. Now, what does this
amendment propose? It proposes to make a very
important change in the policy of the Government
towards these Indians. The sum of money it pro-
poses to appropriate is a large one. We haie al-
ready voted an appropriation of some $200,000 to
remove and subsist the Seminole Indians, and in
consideration of the fact that it gives these Indians
about §400 apiece for their removal and subsist-
ence, it is a large appropriation. We are now
asked to vote $250,000 more, and to adopt a sys-
tem which the gentleman from Arkansas states
has not been examined by any committee of this
House.
Sir, this is too important a matter to be acted
upon by this House hastily, at the close of the
session. In all the suggestions of the gentleman
from Arkansas, I most heartily concur. Some
new system with reference to these Indians will
! most undoubtedly have to be adopted by this
Government, and with some slight alterations, I
think the system reported by the Senate will be a
; good one; but we have no time to consider it now.
1 think this $250,000 ought not to be appropriated
until the matter has been maturely investigated by
a committee of the House. In accordance with
the suggestion of the gentleman from Arkansas, I
move that the committee do now rise, for the pur-
pose of stopping this debate.
The motion was agreed to.
] Thecommitteeaccordingly rose, and the Speaker
., having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Orr) reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had under consideration the Union generally, and
particularly the amendments of the Senate to the
Indian appropriation bill, and had come to no res-
olution thereon.
| Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE. I move the usual
resolution to close debate in Commiitee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the amend-
ments of the Senate to the Indian appropriation
bill.
Mr. SWEETSER. I hope the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will withdraw that motion. I
desire to be heard upon this measure.
[Cries of " Oh no!"]
Mr. HOWE. I should be glad to accommo-
date the gentleman, but I cannot withdraw my
motion.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. PHELPS. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Orr in
I the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
1 amendments of the Senate to the Indian appropri-
ation bill.
! Mr. WEIGHTMAN. I move to strike out
i the words "New Mexico "wherever they occur
j in the Senate amendment.
; Mr. Chairman, I approve of the idea of mili-
I tary reservations for the residence of Indians, but
' not the reason given by the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs. I think if the
j Indians are settled on military reservations, these
! unfortunate creatures will have some place where
they can rest the soles of their feet without dis-
turbance. But 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I understand
that my honorable friend objects to New Mexico
. • ■' i J.J I_ hpr>A)TflP it Will
being included in this amendment because it will
carry away a good population. I perfectly
