THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
3~.Jp Congress, 2i> Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 3, 1853.
New Series No. 73.
renoe in that amendment. The question will be i'
upon agreeing to the report ol'the committee. I
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative. !
;m  the Senate amendment was agreed to.
The sixth amendment of the Senate was then
read, as toHows:
•• Strike out • $l.">,000' and insert' $3t),000'in the follow-
ing clause.
" Kor oo!ii[H'nsauon of three special agents and four in-
torprvi'-r-. mr tlie Indian tribes of Texas, aud for the pur-
cuase ol prr^'-nts. v t J1' HJ.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask for a
separate vote upon that amendment. These In-
dians are starving, and the Government recom-
mends that the sum be appropriated.
TheSI'EAKKR. The Committeeof the Whole
on the state of the Union recommend a disagree-
ment to the amendment, and the question is upon
concurring in that recommendation.
The question was taken, and the Chair an-
nounced that it was decided in the affirmative;
when
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, called for a di-
vision upon it.
Mr. DOCKERY. I ask for the reading of the
amendment again.
The amendment was accordingly again read.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope the
amendment will be agreed to. These Indians are
starving, and they need the money.
The House was then divided upon the question
of concurring in the Senate amendment, and there
were in the affirmative only 56, noes not counted.
So the Senate amendment was disagreed to.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbtry Dickijjs, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate insist upon
their amendments disagreed to by the House, and
disagree to the amendments of the House to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill of the House
(No. 342) " making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30,1854," and that
the Senate ask a conference with the House upon
the disagreeing votes of the two House thereon.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to a second con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill of the House (No. 337) "making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1654."
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ment of the House to the amendment of the Sen-
ate to the bill of the House (No. 349) " making
appropriations for the transportation of the United
States mail by ocean steamers and otherwise during
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1854.]
The question was then taken upon concurring
in the recommendation of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, in relation to all
the amendments upon which a separate vote had
not been requested, and it was decided in the af-
firmative.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to reconsider the votes
just taken upon the amendments to this bill, and
also to lay the motion to reconsiderupon the table.
The question was taken upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
EMILIE HOOE.
Mr. SIBLEY1. I ask the unanimous consent
of the HouRe to take up from the Speaker's table
a Senate bill for the relief of EmelieHooe. I ask
that it may be read, and I am sure after gentlemen
hear it, no one will object.
The bill was then read for information. It pro-
vides for allowing her the half pay of captain for
five years, to commence on the 1st of January,
1851.
Several Members. I object!
Mr. SIBLEY. I move to suspend the rules to
allow me to take it up.
Mr. KING, of New York. I ask for a division
on that motion.
The House was divided; and there were 54 in
the affirmative, negative not counted.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds not
voting in the affirmative.
73
WIDOW OF COMMODORE DECATUR.
Mr. DAWSON. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 265, for the relief of the captors of the frigate
Philadelphia, and ask the House to indulge me
whilst 1 make a brief statement of the history and
merits of this claim. The bill makes compensa-
tion to the surviving officers and crew of the little
ketch Intrepid, for signal and gallant services ren-
dered in the month of February, 1804, who en-
tered in the night the harbor of Tripoli, and under
the very guns of the castle ofthe Bashaw, boarded
the frigate Philadelphia, then a captured prize in
the possession of the Tripolitans, cleared her
decks, killing twenty of her crew in a close fight,
drove the balance into the sea, then fired the ves-
sel, by which she burnt to the water's edge, and
made their escape withoutthe loss of asingleman.
This gallant act was conceived by Stephen Deca-
tur, and executed by him and his gallant crew
with singular fidelity, resolution, and courage.
The history of this affair is as brief as the achieve-
ment was brilliant; and I shall therefore detain the
House but for a moment in referring to it. After
the close of the Revolution, and in the beginning
of the present century, our Navy was greatly re-
duced in the number of its vessels-of-war; they
were in a dismantled condition, and numbers of
the officers and crews were disbanded. As a con-
sequence of our defenseless condition upon the
sea, spoliations were committed upon American
commerce; and nowhere was piracy so bold and
reckless as in the Mediterranean. For a time we
enjoyed the friendly protection of the British,
Swedish, and other friendly Powers, until with-
drawn from commercial rivalry, when the Gov-
ernment of Tripoli, in May, 1801, made an open
declaration of war against the United States.
The Government of the United States, prior to
being informed of this declaration of war by Trip-
oli, had sent a squadron into the Mediterranean
for the protection of American commerce, which
remained there until the fall of 1803, when the
frigate Philadelphia, while in chase of a Tripoli-
tan vessel, stranded off the harbor of Tripoli, and
in that condition contended gallantly against the
powerful batteries of the citadel until the tide fall-
ing, the ship settled, was captured, and afterwards
carried into Tripoli as a prize. Commodore Bain-
bridge, his officers and men, made prisoners, were
confined in the prisons and dungeons of the city.
This disaster was touching to the pride and spirit
of our Navy, and it was agreed that something
must be done. In the mean time, Commodore
Preble, in command of the Constitution, had passed
. jhe Straits of Gibraltar and took command of the
1 squadron. Decatur suggested to Commodore
Preble his plan for the recapture of the frigate,
andon the 31st of January, 1804, hereceived orders
to carry his purpose into execution. The crew
of Decatur consisted of three lieutenants, seven
midshipmen, one surgeon, and sixty-two seamen
and marines, all of whom were volunteers in the
enterprise. On the third day of February, this
gallant band left the harbor of Syracuse, in Sicily,
and against adverse winds, upon a doubtful sea,
and still more doubtful enterprise, succeeded in
entering the harbor of Tripoli, boarding the ship,
clearing her decks, fully rescuing her, then de-
stroying the vessel by firing her, and escaping by
the light ofthe conflagration without the loss of a
single man. This daring deed shone forth then,
as it does now, an illustrious instance of heroic
achievement; one that will redound to the credit
of the American Navy, and in all time to come
prove as imperishable as the pages of American
history. , , . , r
There is no portion of the globe that has tur-
nished so many battle-fields, or where history has
recorded so many instances of heroic oaring; as
that which is washed by the waves of the Medi-
terranean and the Adriatic; yet there is none that
for bold conception, energetic, heroic, and success-
ful execution will compare with that of Decatur
and his gallant associates. The result was ot in-
calculable advantage to the nation. It not only
caused the African pirates to quad before the ter-
rible energy, skill, and courage of our sailors, but
it secured the liberation of thecuptives, it abolished
tribute, it encouraged our commerce, and secured
an honorable peace. The very order of Commo-
dore Preble indicated ihe hazard and responsibility
of the enterprise. It was," to enter that harbor in
the night, board the Philadelphia and burn her;
and in order to prevent alarm, to carry all by the
sword." The order was executed under a heavy
fire from the shipping and butteries. Commodore
Preble,in hisofficial dispatch detailing tiieachieve-
m'ent, says of the captors, " that their conduct in
the performance of the dangerous service assigned
them, cannot be sufficiently estimated. It is be-
yond all praise."
The proposition, Mr. Speaker, of providing a
reward for these gallant men and their representa-
tives has engaged the attention of Congress since
18t24. Decatur, I believe, fell and died in 1822.
Though great difficulty has been found in adjust-
ing the mode of distributing the reward, none has
ever been experienced in admitting the abstract
justice of the claim. Though not technically em-
braced by the law which provides prize money to
the captors of an enemy's ship captured, and then
burned and destroyed, yet this case of the capture
of a ship once our own, by an officer who volun-
teered to perform a desperate and skillful enter-
prise, is infinitely more entitled to our regard than
the ordinary cases embraced by the law of prize,
from which class of cases, however, it does not
differ in principle. Congress seems to have taken
this view of the justice of the claim, for in every
instance where an investigation has been had, and
a report made, either in the Senate or House of
Representatives, its abstract justice has been rec-
ognized and acknowledged. General Jackson, in
his message of December 8, 1829—his first mes-
sage to Congress—recommends that the claim
be paid. Five times has it passed the Senate, and
i ten times been favorably reported upon in the
House of Representatives, ana it would seem that
the tardy and uncertain action of Congress, like
the " law's delay," amounted to a " denial of
justice." 1 trust that it will be delayed no longer.
It is a claim full of merit and full of justice. Its
j passage will make provision for the widows and
descendants of men who really did the state some
service. Decatur, Lawrence, Bainbridge, Mor-
ris, and McDonough, are names illustrious in
American history.
The widow of Commodore Decatur, I am in-
formed, resides within this District in absolute
poverty. I think that Congress should endeavor
to make cheerful a fireside so long desolate by the
neglect of a Government that owed her husband
so much. I believe, Mr. Speaker, that it is true
that the nearer we approach the source of organ-
ized power the less sympathy we experience, the
greater the neglect we discover. This case does
not stand alone, nor am I surprised that the set-
tlement of the claim has been so long delayed,
when I remember that eight years since, in an
idle stroll, I saw the remains of Decatur in the
vault at Kallorama, exhibiting all the evidences of
neglect,—the coffin decayed—his ashes exposed
to the eye—not a lineament discernible. A silver
plate bearing the inscription of Stephen Decatur
marked the coffin, whilst the remnant of a silken
glove covered all that remained of the hand that
had defended so gallantly the rights and honor of
the country. But national injustice and neglect
will not endure forever. I remember well that
but a short time afterwards the national spirit arose
as if from a common impulse, and the remains of
Decatur were removed from the grove of Kallorama
to his native place, the city of Philadelphia. The
spirit, the feeling, the patriotic ardor that marked
their reception into the city of Philadelphia, and
the procession to their last burial place, was
equaled only by that which characterized the re-
turn of the great conqueror from his prison-grave
to the city of Paris, the home of his early life and
the theater of his glory. I trust, Mr. Speaker,
that the national spirit will again arise, and that
we will pass this bill and do justice to the widows
and children of gallant men, all of whom, with
the exception of but one, have gone to then- graves.
