1154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
I would be glad, then, even at this late hour in the |
hurried moments of legislation, it could betaken i
up, considered, and passed.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for
information.
The bill was then read.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I object to taking
it up.
Mr. DAWSON. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose indicated.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask for tellers upon that mo-
tion.
Tellers were not ordered, 13 only voting in favor
thereof.
The question was then taken, and the rules
were not suspended.
THE FISHERIES RECIPROCAL TRADE.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I avail myself of this
opportunity, at the last hour of the session, to call
the attention of the House to a subject which is
certainly of great public importance, and to ask
the unanimous consent for the introduction and
passage, if they shall deem it proper, of the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to arrange by treaty the questions connected with
the fisheries 011 the coasts of British North America; the
free navigation of the rivers St. Lawrence and St. John;
the export duty on American lumber in the Province of
New Brunswick, and reciprocal trade with the British North
American Colonies, on the principles of the report of the
Committee on Commerce on these subjects at tins session,
and of liberal commercial intercourse.
Mr. POLK. When no one will do justice to
the widow of Commodore Decatur, 1 shall object
to the introduction of any proposition.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I trust the gentleman
will withdraw his objection to my resolution.
Mr. POLK. The gentleman claimed the floor
when justice was being done to the widow of j
Commodore Decatur, and I cannot. It is a ques-
tion, at any rate, which ought not to be considered
at this late hour of the session.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move to suspend
the rules for the purpose of introducing the reso-
lution.
Mr. POLK. There is scarcely more than a
quorum present, and this is not the hour, nor the
manner, in which to submit a question involving
bo many difficulties.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to suspend the rules.
DANIEL LOOMIS.
Mr. PERKINS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to take up and put on its
passage Senate bill No. 503, entitled " An act for
the relief of Daniel Loomis, deceased."
Mr. LETCHER. I object!
Mr. PERKINS. I move to suspend the rules
for that purpose.
The question was taken, and the rules were not
suspended.
Mr. SCHERMERHORN obtained the floor.
Mr. MEADE. I rise to a question of order.
The House was notified by the Chair, that during
this night he would recognize no member in the j
area, but only such as rose from their seats. In '
obedience to that notice, I have for the last three
or four hours been endeavoring to obtain the at-
tention of the Chair, regularly rising from my
seat, and in violation of that notice, the Chair has
invariably assigned the floor to those before me in
the area. Unless the Chair be consistent with -
itself, how is it possible to preserve order in the
Hall, or to observe the rights of individual mem-
bers? The fashion of this House is 
[Cries of " Order !"" Order !"] J
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Stuart in the chair.)
The Chair supposes that the gentleman refers to a
decision made before he took the chair. He would
be happy to enforce the rules, but at the close of
the session he has never seen it possible to keep
gentlemen in their seats. He would be very glad
to do so.
Mr. MEADE. There is but one thing neces-
sary to keep the House in order, and it is by in-
variably refusing to recognize a member who
stands in the area or in the aisle. If the Chair
does that he will have order. j
The SPEAKER. That is the rule of the House, '
and the Chair will endeaver to enforce it.
Mr. HENN. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair recognizing the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Schermerhorn] to the floor. He did not i
rise from his seat, but was standing in the area.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think it
is a subject on which the gentleman can appeal,
but he will, however, gratify the gentleman, and
accept his appeal.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move to lay
the appeal on the table.
The question was taken, and the appeal was laid
on the table.
Mr. MEADE. I wish to ascertain if, in future,
we may go down in the area and address the !
Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair distinctly stated
that he would endeavor to enforce the rule, to rec-
ognize no gentleman who did not rise from his seat
and address the Chair.
BETSEY NORTON.
Mr. SCHERMERHORN. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House for leave to take up
Senate bill No. GOT, entitled " An act for the relief
of Betsey Norton."
Mr. KING, of New York. I object!
Mr. SCHERMERHORN. I move to suspend
the rules for that purpose.
The question was taken, and the rules were
suspended.
The bill was then read through, as follows:
Be it enacted, be., That the Secretary of the Interior
be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place the
name of Betsey Norton, widow of Freeman Norton, upon
the list of revolutionary pensioners, and to pay her, during
her widow hood, the sum of eight dollars per mouth, com-
mencing on the 1st day of January, 1853.
Mr. SCHERMERHORN. I move the follow-
ing amendment:
Strike from the above the words "1st day of January,
1853," and in lieu thereof insert "9th day of February.
1837."
Mr. KING. If there be no report, how are we
to know about the facts of the case ?
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I would ask of
the gentleman when application was made, and
when the proof in this case was completed?
Mr. SCHERMERHORN. The reading of the
paper which I hold in my hand will give the House
a knowledge of the case.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Is there any
rule requiring the reading of the paper?
The SPEAKER. There is no rule requiring
the reading of the paper.
Mr. BROWN. Then I object to its being read.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman from New
York, under the suspension of the rules, has cer-
tainly the right to consume one hour, and within
that time he can have this paper read as a part of
his speech. Let the House hear the facts, and
then dispose of the case.
The SPEAKER. Under those circumstances,
the gentleman has the right to have the paper read.
The paper was then read, as follows:
Washinoton City, February 16, 1853.
Sir: My grandfather, Freeman Norton, served during
the entire revolutionary war as a mariner on board the
frigate Warren. He was placed upon the pension roll under
the act of 1818, at the rate of eight dollars a month, and
continued until February 9, 1837, when he died, leaving
my grandmother, Mrs. Betsey Norton, his widow, surviv-
al:: him. Freeman Norton was married to Betsey Davis at
Conway, Massachusetts, in October, 1801, and afterwards
removed to Marcellus, in the State of New York, where he
died, and where his widow still resides. Mrs. Norton has
remained unmarried since her husband's death. Applica-
tion has been made to the Pension Office to obtain a con-
tinuation of Freeman Norton's pension to his widow.
Under the act of July 2i. 1848, widows of revolutionary
soldiers who were married before 1800 are entitled to re-
ceive 'heir deceased husbands' pensions, and no others; and
under this law, by which the Department is governed in
such cases, Mrs. Norton's application was rejected. There
is but one course left to be pursued by Mrs. Norton in her
efforts for relief, and that is, by application to your honor-
able bodies for a special act of Congress;.
Mrs. Norton was married in October, 1801. Had she
been married early in 1800, a comparatively brief period
before she was, there could have been no obstacle in the
way of her procuring a pension from the proper Depart-
ment ; and so because of this entirely accidental difference
in dates, this widow of an old soldier is suffered to die in
poverty and neglect. I cannot but think, tnat whilst Con
gress by the act of July 29, 1848, already cited, intended to
accomplish a good end, they never intended thereby to ex-
clude cases like that of Mrs. Norton, which so strongly
appeals to the justice and chanty of the Government. It
is not the repeal of the act that is asked, nor the establish
ment of a precedent at the hands of Congress, but an act of
simple justice to the widow of one of those soldiers but for
whose efforts in the cause of freedom America could never
have existed as an independent nation. Under the bounty
land laws of Congress, there is no provision made for
mariners, and consequently Freeman Norton never received
this bounty from his Government. He received nothing
but the petition already mentiontd, with the usistanet of
which helived in decent indigence. With his death the pen-
sion ceased, arid his widow still survives hi abject poverty,
an object of charity, sinking by slow degrees into a pau-
per's grave. The widow of a soldier of that Revolution,
every action m which deserves a monument at the hands
of our Government, is thus by a provision of a law of that
very Government allowed to die in entire and absolute ne-
glect.
11 is the object of this appeal to obtain an act of Congress
granting to Mrs. Betsey Norton the pension of her husband,
from the time ol his death to the present time. Can it be
too much to ask of Congress that they will save this widow
from a miserable death, and the country from the disgrace
of having neglected one so worthy of its promptest aid
1 am, with the highest respect,
C. S. WILSON.
Hon. Volney E. Howard.
Pension Office, February 28, 1853.
Sir : In the case referred to by Mrs. Wilson, it appears
that Freeman Norton was a mariner on board the frigate
Warren during the Revolution, and for his services was
allowed a pension, under the act of March 18, 1818, at the
rate ofeiglit dollars per month, which lie continued to re-
ceive until his death, in 1837.
It also appears that he was married to the present appli-
cant for a pension in the year 1801, consequently she was
not entitled until the act of the 3d February instant was
passed. As this act does not allow a pension from the date
of the husband's death, Mrs. Wilson is desirous of obtain-
ing this by a special act of Congress.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
S. COLE.
Hon. J. E. Heath, Commissioner of Pensions.
Pension Office, February "38,1853.
The facts as stated in the letter of Mrs. C. S. Wilson fo
Hon. Volney E. Howard, of the House of Representatives,
in regard to* the service of Freeman Norton, his marriage
with Betsy Norton, the person named in the said lettei of
Mrs. Wilson, and the death of the said Freeman Norton in
1837, after the receipt of a pension under the act of ,
1818, being confirmed by the written statement of Mr. S.
Cole, a clerk m this office, who has the special custody of
the papers herein filed in relation to claims for revolution-
ary pensions, I would not have hesitated to allow to the
said Betsy Norton a pension under the act of July '21, 1818,
if the marriage of the said Freeman Norton and Betsy Nor-
ton had taken place prior to January, 1800 ; and now cheer-
fully recommend the application of said Betsy Norton, and
the explanatory letter of Mrs. Wilson, to the favorable and
prompt consideration of Congress.
J. E. HEATH,
Commissioner of Pensions.
Mr. STANLY. I have no concern in this ex-
cept as a matter of humanity. This old lady, as
I understand, is ninety years of age. She mar-
ried in 1801, but if she had married in 1800, she
would have been entitled to the pension the gen-
tleman proposes to give her. 1 call for the pre-
vious question.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays on the amendment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I demand tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Grow and
Edgerton were appointed.
The House was divided, and the tellers reported
that the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STROTHER. Is it in order to move to
lay the bill and amendment on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. STROTHER. Then I submitthatmotion.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the motion to lay
on the table was disagreed to.
The question was then taken on the amendment
and it was disagreed to—yeas 51, nays 71; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. David J. Bailey, Bennett, Bibighaus,
Bowne, Briges, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, George H.
Brown, E. Carrington Cabell, Thompson Campbell, Chand-
ler, Chapman. Conger, Darby, George T. Davis, Dean, Dis-
ney, Doty, Ewing, Fay, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Good-
rich, Haws, Henn, Howard, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas
Y. How, George G. King, Landry, Little, Martin, Mc-
Donald, McNair, MeUueen, Andrew Parker, Pemiiuian,
Price, Robinson, Sabine, Saekett, Schermerhorn, School-
craft, Scliooninaker, Stanly, Stuart, Walbridge, Walsh,
Ward, Wells, and Addison White—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Averett, Thomas H. Bayly, Bowie,
Breckinridge, Joseph Cable, Cartter, Caskie, Churchwell,
Clemens, Cleveland, Chngman, Cobb, Colcock, Cottinan,
John G. Davis, Dawson, Diuimick, Duncan, Dunhan, East-
man, Edgerton, Edmundson, Ficklin, Florence, Floyd,
Gaylord, Goodenow, Gorman, Grow, Harper, Isham G.
Harris, Hart, Haven, Hendricks, Hibbard, Holladay, Hous-
ton, Ingersoll, Jackson, Daniel T. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Preston King, Letcher, Lockhart, Mace, McCorkle, Mc-
Mullin, Meade, Millson, Morehead, Murray, Nabers, Olds,
Orr, Peaslee, Penn, Perkins, Polk, Powell, Richardson,
Robbing, Robie, Origen S Seymour, Alexander 11. Ste-
phens, Stratum, Strother, Sweetser, Townshend, Venable,
and YVildrick—71.
So the amendment was rejeated.
