1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1155
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time, and it was, according to order, read the thud
time.
Mr. SCHERMERHORX. I call for the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The call for the pre\ ions question was seconded,
and under the operation thereof, the bill was
passed.
(Here a message was received from the Senate,
by A«bvrt Dickis-s, Esq , its Secretary, notify-
ing the House that that body insisted on their
amendments to the Indian appropriation bill, and
asked for a Committee of Conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on said bill.
INDIAN RIM. CONFERENCE.
On motion by Mr. CLINGMAN,
On'frf.i, Thai the House insist upon lheir disasreeinent
to the amendment*. insisted upon by the Senate to the bill
of the Senate j \o.:TO1 making appropriation- fur the
current and roniiiifent etpen>es of the 1 miian Department,
and tor lultilline treaty stipulations with the various Indian
tribe?., mr ttie year ending the 30th of June. 1^54," and agP'e
to the conference asked for by the Senate upon the said dis-
volt's.
Ordned, That Mr. Pr\HiM,Mr. Briggs, and Mr. Pres
ton Kisc. be the managers at the said conference on the
part ol the House.
Ordered, That the Clerk acquaint the Senate therewith.
errors in locating land warrants.
Mr. ORR. I ask >he unanimous consent of the
House to take up Senate bill No. 399, entitled "An
' act to authorize the correction of erroneous loca-
' tions of military bounty land warrants by actual
' settlers on the public lands in certain cases."
There is nothing wrong in it.
Mr. BROWN. 1 pledge myself that it is wrong.
Mr. ORR. I assure the House that the bill is
right. They can pass it in two minutes. It is a
matter of soine importance. I ask for a suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. HENN. If the committee will hear two
words 
[Cries of " I object!"]
Mr. BROWN. We do not legislate in this
way at this late hour of the night.
The question was taken upon the motion to
suspend the rules, and it was decided in the nega-
te—two thirds not voting in the affirmative.
So the rules were not suspended.
JOHN H. PIATT.
Mr. EDGERTON. I am instructed by the
Committee of Claims to offer, for the adoption of
the House, the following resolution, to pay for
gome testimony taken for the use of the House;
and I move a suspension of the rules for that pur-
pose:
Rtsoleed, That the Clerk of this House pay William Mi-
ner clerk of the United States circuit court, district of Ohio,
for certified copies of papers furnished to the Houseof Rep-
resentatives, in relatiou to the claim of the heirs of John H.
Piatt, deceased, viz : a eopy of the record in the case of R.
Piatt r . B. M. Piatt, and N. Lang worth, administrator of
John H. Piatt; a copy of the master's report in the same
case, and a copy of a record in a case between the same
parlies on bill of review, the snm of $162 24, payableout of
the contingent fund of the House."
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I object!
The question was taken upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules, and it was decided in the negative,
two thirds not voting in the affirmative.
So the rules were not suspended.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HALL. The Committee of Conference
appointed by this House to meet a Committee of
Conference on the part of the Senate upon the
disagreeing votes upon the civil and diplomatic
bill, have met such committee, but they have been
unable to agree.
MOSES OLMSTEAD—ELIZAB ETH CRAIG.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have been
endeavoring to get the floor for three days. I ask
the unanimous consent of the House to take up
Senate bill No. 601, entitled " An act for the relief
of Moses Olmstead and Mrs. Elizabeth Craig.
Objection was made.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move to suspend the rules
for that purpose. . .
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative.
So the rules were not suspended.
brig boundary.
The following message was here received from
the Senate, by Mr. Dickins, its Secretary:
the Senate request the return of the bill of the
House No. 367, to authorize the issuing of a regis-
ter to the brig Boundary, and to change the names
of the steamer Roger Williams and propeller On-
tario, heretofore reported frotn the Senate with
sundry amendments.
captors of the frigate philadelphia.
Mr. POLK. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up Senate bill No. 265, entitled
" An act for the relief of the captors of the frigate
Philadelphia." This bill is for the relief of the
widow and heirs of Commodore Decatur.
Objection being made,
Mr. POLK moved a suspension of the rules.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative, two thirds not voting in the affirma-
tive.
So the rules were not suspended.
george poindexter.
Mr. BROWN,of Mississippi. I asktheunani-
mous consent of the House to take up Senate bill
No. 138, entitled " An act for therelief of George
Poindexter."
Mr. POLK. If Commodore Decatur cannot
receive justice, I will object.
Mr. BROWN. I move to suspend the rules.
The question was taken, and decided in the neg-
ative, two thirds not voting in the affirmative.
So the rules were not suspended.
thomas snodurass.
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise for the purpose of
asking the unanimous consent of the House to
take up Senate bill No. 100, entitled " An act for
the relief of Thomas Snodgrass."
Mr. EDMUNDSON objected.
Mr. MARSHALL. Will the House allow me
to explain the bill?
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. MARSHALL. I move to suspend the
rules.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative, two thirds not voting in the affirm-
ative.
So the rules were not suspended.
civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I rise to a privileged
question. I move to reconsider the vote laying
on the table the motion to reconsider the vote of
non-concurrence with the Senate amendments to
the civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to lay
that motion upon the table.
Mr. FITCH. I propose to call the attention
of the House to the condition of the civil and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. WALSH. The gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Hall] has already made a report.
Mr. FITCH. I wish to precede my motion
by some explanatory remarks.
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Stuart temporarily
occupying the chair.) The motion submitted by
the gentleman from New York takes precedence
of any other motion.
Mr. McMULLlN. I rise to a question of or-
der. 1 understand that my colleague | Mr. Meade] ,
changed his vote with a view of moving a recon-
sideration. That motion was made, and a motion
was made to lay that motion upon the table. The
motion was laid upon the table, and you cannot
now move to reconsider.
Mr. TOOMBS. The question was laid on the
table on a vote of yeas and nays.
Mr. FITCH. The gentleman from Virginia
last up is correct. A motion was made to recon-
sider, and a motion was made to lay that motion
i upon the table. .
! The SPEAKER pro tern. The Chair un-
' derstands the condition o£ the bill. The Chair
i however overrules the question of order, and de-
cides that it is in order to move to reconsider the
vote by which that motion to reconsider was laid
i upon the table.
Mr. TOOMBS. It will set aside the practice
for forty years. From that decision of the Chair
I appeal. , .
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to lay
the motion of the gentleman from New York
i Mr. Sutherland] upon the table.
ij Mr. SUTHERLAND. I claim the right of
saving a word upon my motion. .
j The SPEAKER pro tem. The motion sub-
mitted by the gentleman from New York is not
t debatable.
Mr. McMULLlN. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the appeal from the decision of the
Chair, so that the country may see the record.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Did the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Sutherland] vote
in the affirmative?
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I did, and voted to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table. That
is my impression.
Mr. OLDS. Does it take two thirds, or a ma-
jority vote, to take that matter up?
The SPEAKER pro tem. The Chair decides
that a majority vote can take it up.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The record
shows that the gentleman from New York [Mr
Sutherland] voted in the negative.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. Then the record is
wrong.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman cannot falsify
the record.
Mr. FITCH. I have not yielded the floor, ex-
cept for this privileged question, and 1 insist upon
my right to take it.
The SPEAKER pro tem. The Chair under-
stands from the Clerk that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Sutherland] voted in the minor-
ity, and he cannot make the motion.
Mr. DEAN. I voted in the majority, and f
think the time has arrived when this body should
deliberate. I therefore move a reconsideration.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I call for the
previous question.
Mr. POLK. I require that the record should
be examined.
Mr. DAWSON. Would it not be in order to
move that the House recede from its disagreement
to the Senate amendments? That will cover the
whole ground, and I therefore ask the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Dean] to withdraw his mo-
tion, and I will make the motion that the House
recede from their disagreement to the Senate
amendments; and upon that question I ask for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. FITCH. If gentlemen who desire this
bill to pass had listened to my motion, we would
; have got out of this difficulty fifteen or twenty
minutes since. I expect those who do not desire
i the bill to pass will continue this course. The
! motion I was about to make would have settled
| the whole difficulty.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. What is be-
fore the House?
Mr. FITCH. I am before the House,
j Mr. JOHNSON. I want to know what the
j question is. 1 rise to a question of order. What
: is before the House?
I The SPEAKER pro tern. The gentleman from
' Indiana [Mr. Fitch] is about to submit a motion
to the House.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is a motion pending
before the House.
Mr. DEAN. A motion to reconsidera motion
is not debatable.
The SPEAKER pro tem. The gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] is not in order.
Mr. JOHNSON. I demand the consideration
of the privileged question
The SPEAKER pro tem. Thegentleman from
Tennessee is not in order.
Mr. DAWSON. I would ask the Chair to an-
swer an inquiry. Is it in order for the House to
recede from its disagreement to the Senate amend-
ment?
The SPEAKER pro tem. The Chair is inclined
to the opinion that such a motion is in order.
Mr. DAWSON. Then I move that the House
recede from their disagreement to the Senate
amendments, and upon that motion I ask the yeas
and nays.
Mr. McMULLlN. I hope that the Speaker
proper will take the Chair.
Mr. FITCH. I now move that the House con-
cur in the amendments of the Senate, which the
first Committee of Conference reported their con-
currence in, but which the House at that time
refused to concur in.
Many Members. OWect!
Mr. McMULLlN. T object to that report.
Mr. FITCH. Wait until I state what it is.
Mr. McMULLlN. I object to the gentleman'#
motion, and it cannot be entertained.
[Shouts of "Order!"]
