1156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
The SPEAKER pro km. The Chair calls the
gentleman from Virginia to order.
Mr. McMULLIN. The motion cannot be en-
tertained.
[Renewed cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER pro lent. The gentleman will
certainly allow the motion to be heard by the
House.
Mr. FITCH. Those amendments are an ap-
propriation for a bridge at Georgetown; an appro-
priation for water for this city 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion oforder. What motion is before the House?
Mr. DAWSON. The motion I submitted, as
1 supposed the gentleman was well informed.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understood that motion to
be made. I want to know if the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Fitch] can make another motion at
the same time?
[Cries of" Order!"]
The SPEAKER pro tem. The Chair will state
to the gentleman from Tennessee, that it is no ques-
tion oforder to inquire what is before the House.
At this point in the proceedings—
The SPEAKER of the House took the chair.
Great confusion prevailed in the Hall, and a
dozen members addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. If the House will hear the
Chair for one moment, the Senate has requested
the return to it of the following bill:
" An act authorizing the issuing a register to the brig
Boundary, and to change the name of the steamers Roger
Williams and propeller Ontario."
It is usual to grant such requests. If there is
no objection, the Chair will order the bill to be
returned.
No objection was made.
Mr. F1CKLIN. A motion has been submitted
by the gentleman from Pennsylva jia, [Mr. Daw-
son,] and another motion has been submitted by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch.] I ask
the Speaker to decide which of those motions has
precedence.
Mr. DAWSON. The motion I submitted was
to recede from the disagreement of the House to
the report of the Committee of Conference.
The SPEAKER. That motion was received.
Mr. CLINGMAN. No, it was objected to all
round, again and again, on a point of order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise to a question oforder.
Mr. FICKLIN. I have the floor upon a ques-
tion of order.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dawson] is ob-
jected to.
Mr. DAWSON. Well, I will withdraw my
proposition.
Mr. FICKLIN. I desire to submit this mo-
tion : that the House appoint another Committee
of Conference on the disagreeing votes between
the two Houses. I am satisfied that there can be
an arrangement satisfactory to the House in re-
gard to that disagreement.
[Loud cries of " Order !"]
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to know
precisely what is the question before the body.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to state the ques- I
tion. 1
[Renewed shouts of " Order!" and much con-
fusion.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the '
gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. McMULLIN. When the first Committee
of Conference made their report to the House,
the House refused to concur in that report. My
colleague, [Mr. Meade,] who had voted in the af-
firmative,changed his vote, as he declared, for the
purpose of moving a reconsideration of the vote
by which that report was rejected. He submitted
that motion, and the motion to reconsider was laid
upon the table A motion is now made to recon-
sider the vote by which the motion to reconsider
was laid upon the table. j
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that mo- '!
tion to be out of order. |
[Cries of "Good!" and " That's right!"]
Mr. McMULLIN. I knew the Speaker would i
so decide. i
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The floor was assigned to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch,] as I under-
stand it.
report before the
Mr. FLTCH. That is so. I believe I am en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. HARRIS. I insist that if the gentleman
is entitled to the floor, he shall keep it, and that
other gentlemen shall not be permitted to make
motions and debate them. I insist that he shall
be allowed to occupy the floor until he yields it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will learn first
what is the true position of the gentleman from
Indiana.
Mr. FITCH. I should be very much pleased 
[Cries of" Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
that the gentleman from Indiana made a report
from the Committee of Conference?
Mr. FITCH. No, sir; Mr. Hall, of Mis-
souri, made the report.
The SPEAKER. Is that
body ?
Mr. CLEVELAND. The gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Hall] made a report, and the
House acquiesced in it. The gentleman from
Indiana has no motion to submit.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the Committee of Conference reported that they
were unable to agree.
Mr. HALL. The Committee of Conference
made no report, because it was impossible for
them to agree. The House portion of the com-
mittee reported that they were unable to agree.
But the Committee of Conference made no such
report.
Mr. FITCH. It was still a report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
it was simply an agreement to disagree.
Mr. HALL. There was no agreement about it.
The committee could not agree.
The SPEAKER. If the committee made no
report, there is no proposition before the House
from that committee, and no speech is in order.
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. In the absence of anything else upon which
the House can act, I move that the House recede
from its disagreement to the amendments agreed
upon by the first Committee of Conference.
Many Members. Not in order.
Mr. DEAN. 1 rise to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Fitch] is upon the floor, and the Chair
has not yet heard what proposition he intends to
submit. The Chair will hear it, if gentlemen will
be good enough to resume their seats and preserve
order.
[Cries of " Hear him !" and much confusion.]
Mr. FITCH. I move to suspend the rules, in
order to take up the question of disagreement be-
tween the two Houses in relation to the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill. That motion, I be-
lieve, is in order.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Upon that mo-
tion I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. McMULLIN. I raise a question of order
upon that propositon.
Mr. TOOMBS. Oh! it is in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I have not finished my
statement of the question 
Mr. POLK. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has a right to state his question of order, but
not to debate it. A simple statement of the ques-
tion of order is all that can be allowed under the
rules.
Mr. McMULLIN. The report of the Com-
mittee of Conference upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the civil and diplomatic bill
was laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That is very true.
Mr. McMULLIN. Another Committee of
Conference was asked for and appointed. The
committee on the part of the House met the com-
mittee on the part of the Senate, and they failed
to agree. I hold that the subject is not before us,
but that it is upon the table, and that it requires a
vote of two thirds to take it up.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Indiana is to suspend the rules. It
will, of course, require a vote of two thirds to
suspend the rules. If the motion had been to
take the question up, it would have required a
vote of two thirds. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
[Cries of " That is right!"]
The SPEAKER. It is in order to submit a
motion to suspend the rules.
Many Members. " Certainly!" " Certainly!"
Mr. McMULLIN. Does the Chair decide that
it is competent to take the question up?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
competent for the House to suspend the rules for
this purpose or any other that it chooses. The
motion before the body is to suspend the rules.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. On that motion
I have demanded the yeas and nays. I call for
tellers on the yeas and nays. •
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Fitch, and
Johnson of Arkansas were appointed.
The House was then divided on the demand for
the yeas and nays; and the tellers reported 30 in
the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Would a motion to take
a recess take precedence of this matter.
[Shouts of" No! No !"and " Let us sit it out. "1
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order.
Mr. GAYLORD. If ynu were to take a recess
now, you would never get a quorum together
again.
The SPEAKER. This is a privileged motion.
Mr. EWING. Does the Chair decide that it is
not in order to move to take a recess now?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does so decide. Il
is not in order.
Mr. EWING. Then I do not make the mo-
tion. [Laughter.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Fitch's
motion, and there were—yeas 98, nays 39; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, David J. Bailey, Thomas B.
Bayly, Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Breckinridge, Briggs,
Brooks, George H. Brown, Thompson Campbell, Cartter,
Caskie, Chandlpr, Cobb, Colcock, Cottman, Darby, Daw-
son, Dean, Disney, Doty, Duncan, Edgerton, Edmundson,
Evans, Ewing, Fay, Pitch, Florence, Freeman, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Gaylord, Goodenow, Goodrich, Gorman, Green,
Hall, JshamG, Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Haws,
Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Holladay, Houston. Howard,
Ingersoll, Jackson, Jenkins^ Robert W. Johnson, Daniel T.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, George G. King, Preston King,
Landry, Little, Lockhart, Mace, Marshall, McCorkle, Mc-
Donald, McLanahan, Meade, Millson, Morrison, Murray,
Nabers, Olds, Orr, Peaslee, Penn, Polk, Preston, Price,
Richardson, Riddle, Robbins, Robie, Robinson, Sabine,
Schermerhorn, David L. Seymour, Origin S. Seymour,
Skelton, Snow, Stanly, Stone, Stratton, Strother, Suther-
land, Sweetser, Thurston, Townshend, Walsh, Ward, and
Addison White—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Averett, Bibigbaus, Bowne, Burrows,
E. Carrington Cabell, Joseph Cable, Lewis D. Campbell,
Chapman, Clemens, Cleveland, Clingman, Conger, John
G. Davis, Dimmick, Dunham, Eastman, Ficklin, Floyd,
Grow, Thomas Y. How, Andrew Johnson, John John-
son, Letcher, Martin, McMullin, McQueen, Morehead,
Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Penniman, Schoolcraft, Schoon-
maker, Alexander H. Stephens, Toombs, Venable, Wal-
bndge, Wells, Wildricfc, and Woodward—39.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
Mr. HALL. I now move that we adopt the
following as the action of the House on the dis-
agreeing votes with respect to the civil and diplo-
matic bill, and upon that I demand the previous
question.
[Cries of " What is it?"]
Mr. FITCH. It is the report of the first
Committee of Conference.
Mr. EVANS. I appeal to the gentleman from
Missouri to withdraw the demand for the previous
question, to enable me to offer an amendment.
It is one that will reduce the expenditures of the
Government.
Mr. HALL. I cannot withdraw it. Thisisthe
report of the first Committee of Conference 
[Cries of "Question!" and " We do not want
it read!"]
The previous question received a second.
The SPEAKER. Is it the desire of the House
that the proposition of the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Hall] shall be read?
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. INGERSOLL. I call for the reading.
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to inquire if that
proposition is precisely the same as the report of
the first Committee of Conference, in all its items?
Mr. HALL. It is.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri states that it is precisely the same.
Mr. DUNHAM. You have just got to back
right square out.
Several Members. Well, let us do it.
The main question was ordered to be now put.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
adoption of the proposition of the gentleman from
Missouri.
