1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1157
[ desire the Soeaker to
Mr. McMULLlN.
stale what it is.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already stated ■
that it is precisely the same as the report of the
first Committee of Conference.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then t rise to a question of
order. That proposition was voted on and voted
down. An attempt was made to reconsider, and
that, too, was voted down.
The SPEAKER. It cofnes up now in a differ-
ent shape.
Mr. TOOMBS. I make the point of order, and
1 ask the Sneaker to decide it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides, that as
the House, by a vote of two thirds, has suspended
the rules for the purpose of taking up and consid-
ering the disagreeing votes between the two
Houses, the motion now submitted by the gentle-
man from Missouri is in order.
Mr. TOOMBS. I appeal from that decision,
and I want to see if the House will affirm it.
Mr. DEAN. I move to lay the appeal upon
the table.
The SPEAKER put the question on Mr. Dean's
motion, and declared it to be carried, and that the
appeal was laid upon the table.
Mr. McMULLlN. I want the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay the appeal upon the table.
[Cries of " Too late!" and " Order !"]
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the demand for the yeas and nays comes too late.
Mr. McMULLlN. Does the Speaker mean
to deprive me of my constitutional rights ?
The SPEAKER. Certainly not. But the gen-
tleman from Virginia will remember that the Chair
had distinctly announced the result of the vote.
Mr. McMULLlN. I was upon the floor seek-
in£ the attention of the Speaker. I addressed the
Chair three times.
[Loud shouts of " Order !" and " Question !"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
gentleman, and decides that the demand for the
yeas and nays came too late.
[Renewed cries of " Question!"]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I demand the
yeas and nays on the proposition of the gentleman
from Missouri.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. If this proposi-
tion—the report of the first Committee of Confer-
ence—is not concurred in, will it then be in order
for a motion to be made in this House for another
committee of conference?
Many Members. Certainly it will.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
question when it comes up.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Hall; and the result was—yeas 77, nays
62, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, WiWam Aprteton, Thomas H.
Bayly, Bowie, Breckinridge, Briggs, George H. Brown,
Thompson CampbcH, Caskie, Chandler, Colcock, Cott-
man, Darbv, Dawson, Disney, Duncan, Edgerton, Ed-
mundson, Evans, Fay, Fitch. Florence, Freeman, Thos.
J. D. Fuller, Gaylord, Goodenow, Goodrich, Gorman,
Green, Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Haws, Hibbard,
Holladav, Houston, Howard, Jackson, Robert W. John-
son, Daniel T. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, George G. King,
Landry, Little, Lockhart, Mace, Marshall, McDonald,
McNair, Meade, Millson, Nabers, Orr, Peaslee, Penn,
Phelps, Polk, Price, Riddle, Robbins, Robic, Robinson,
Russell, Sabine, Sehermerhorn, David L.Seymour, Snow,
Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Stone, Strotlier, Stuart,*
Sutherland, Sweetser, Thurston, Walsh, and Addison
White—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Averett, David J. Bailey, Bennett, Bib-
ighaus. Burrows, Lewis D. Campbell, Cartter, Chapman,
Churchwell, Clemens, Cleveland, Clingman, Cobb, Con
ger, JohnG. Davis, Dean, Dimmirk, Doty, Dunham, East
man, Ficklin, Floyd, Grow, Jshain G. Harris, Haven,
Hendricks. Henn, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y. How,
Ingerwll, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, Pres-
ton King, Letcher, Martin, McLanahan, McMullin, Mc-
Queen, John Moore, Morehead, Morrison, Murray, Olds,
Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Peuniipan, Perkins, Preston,
Sackett, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Skelton, Alexander
H. Stephens, Stratton, Toombs, Townsheinl, Venable,
Walbridge, Wells, Wildrick, and Woodward—(>3.
So the House agreed to adopt the report of the
first Committee of Conference on the civil and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. DEAN said he voted no, though he should
have voted ay, if it had been necessary to save
the bill.
Mr. HALL. I move to reconsider the vote
last taken, by which the report of the Committee
of Conference was adopted, and to lay the motion j
to reconsider upon the table. I
Upon that I demand the
Mr. INGERSOLL.
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the latter
motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILDRICK, frojji the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the act
making appropriations for light-houses, light-
boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the erection
of the same and for other purposes; and the bill
for the relief of Betsey Norton; which severally
received the signature of the Speaker.
GEORGE POINDEXTER.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I hold in my
hand Senate bill No. 138, which passed the Sen-
ate on the 6th of February, 1852, and which has
been in this House from that time to this. The
Senate passed it, and they say it is right. It has
been before a committee of this House, and they
have reported unanimously in its favor. I ask, as
an act of justice to a patriot who has long served
his country, that the House will take the bill up
and pass it.
Mr. McDONALD. I object!
Mr. BROWN. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of having the bill taken up and
considered.
The question was taken, and (two thirds voting
in the affirmative) the rules were suspended.
The bill was then taken from the Speaker's ta-
ble, and read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. BROWN. The bill makes an appropria-
tion. I move to suspend the rule which would
require it to be first considered in the Committee
of the Whole House.
The question was put, and (two thirds voting
in the ammative) the rule was suspended.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and was subsequently read a thud time, and
passed.
Mr. BROWN. I move to reconsider the vote
last taken, by which the bill passed, and that
the motion to reconsider do lie upon the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by the
hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Secretary,
informing the House that they had passed bills of
the following titles, viz:
An act for the relief of William Price;
An act for the relief of John Ozias;
An act for the relief of Henry Miller, a soldier
of the war of 1812;
An act for the relief of Cornelius Covert, of
Michigan;
An act to authorize the issuing of a register to
the brig Boundary, and to change the names of
the steamer Roger Williams and propeller Ontario;
An act for the relief <?f James Wright, jr.;
An act to increase the pension of Henry Click,
of Cocke county, Tennessee;
An act for the relief of Mary Pearson;
An act to appropriate lands for the support of
schools in certain townships and fractional town-
ships in the Territory of Minnesota, not before
provided for;
An act for the relief of James H. Jenkins; and
Joint resolution for the relief of Thompson Bar-
nett.
WALTER COLTON.
Mr. MEADE. I ask the House to allow me
to report a bill which I hold in my hand. It has
been before the Committee on the Judiciary, and
has been reported favorably upon.
Mr. EW1NG. Has the gentleman from Vir-
ginia the floor for the purpose of making a motion ?
Mr. MEADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. EWING. I appeal to the gentleman from
Virginia to give me a part of the floor. [Laughter.]
Mr. MEADE. I cannot yield the floor to the
gentleman. I desire to report from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary a bill making compensation
to the widow and child of the Rev. Walter Colton,
deceased.
Mr. Speaker, if the House will allow me for a
moment, I think no one will object to this bill. 11
is to do tardy justice to the widow and child of
Walter Colton. In 1847, he was a chaplain on
board of Commodore Stockton 's frigate Congress.
He was detached from that ship and stationed on
shore as Chief Civil Magistrate for the Middle
Department of California; when several captures
having been made by the vessels of the Pacific
squadron, the commanders of the naval and mili-
tary forces, by their concurrent action, organized a
prize court, and the duties of admiralty judge
were imposed upon Mr. Colton. In 1848, the
ship Admittance, having been condemned as a
lawful prize, was sold at Monterey, in pursuance
of the decree of the court, for $61,000, which Mr.
Colton, with seven thousand and odd dollars, in
addition, placed at the credit of the United States,
and which has been received into the Treasury of
the United States. Mr. Colton 
Mr. FICKLIN. I rise to a question of order.
There is nothing to predicate this speech upon.
Mr. MEADE. I am speaking by the unan-
imous consent of the House.
The SPEAKER pro tem. There is nothing be-
fore the House. The gentleman from Virginia
must make some motion if he desires to go on
with his remarks.
Mr. MEADE. Well, sir, I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report this bill from the
Judiciary Committee, with a view of putting it
upon its passage.
Mr. McMULLlN. I object!
Mr. MEADE. I move to suspend the rules.
It is only to pay back money which 
[Cries of " Order !"]
The question was taken, and upon a division
there were—ayes 50, noes not counted.
Two thirds not voting in favor thereof, the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Inasmuch as it is evident
that we cannot transact any business, I move
that the House take a recess until nine o'clock. I
believe that motion is in order. I move to suspend
the rules for the purpose of enabling me to make
the motion.
Mr. EWING. I appeal to the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdraw his motion, and allow
me to move to take up a bill to which I am sure
there will be no objection.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I cannot give way; I
must insist upon my motion.
Mr. EWING. If the gentleman will allow me
to state my motion, I think he would not object.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If I yield to the gentleman
from Kentucky, shall I lose the floor?
The SPEAKER pro tem. The gentleman cer-
tainly cannot retain it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Well, sir, I am very much
disposed to accommodatethe gentleman from Ken-
tucky, and if he will renew my motion I will yield
to him.
JAMES JEFFRIES AND JEREMIAH M. SMITH.
Mr. EWING. I then ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House totakefrom the Speaker's table
the bill of the Senate (No. 544) for the relief of
James Jeffries and Jeremiah M. Smith.
Mr. MEADE. I object!
Mr. EWING. I move to auspend the rules, to
enable me to make that motion.
Mr. NABERS. I desire to know if it will be
in order to amend that bill ?
The SPEAKER pro tem It will be in order if
the House agree to take it up.
The question was put, and, upon a division, 53
rose in the affirmative.
Mr. EWING. I demand tellers upon the mo-
tion to suspend the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hendricks
and Fitch were appointed.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 49, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. EWING. In accordance with the request
of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Clingman,] I move that the House take a recess
until nine o'clock.
The SPEAKER pro tem. That motion is not
in order. *
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; which received the signature of the Speaker:
An act for the relief of Harlow Spaulding;
An act for the relief of Mary Baury;
An act to amend an act entitled " An act for the
relief of Joseph Johnston,"approved May 4, 1852,
by correcting a clerical error;
