1158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
An ad for the relief of Gilmore Smith, of Syca-
more, in the State of Illinois;
An act for the relief of Nathan H. Darling;
An act making appropriations for the transport-
ation of the United States mail by ocean steam-
ships and otherwise, during the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1854;
An act for the relief of John Kerbaugh;
An act for the relief of Cornelius Hughes, of
Tennessee; and
An act for the relief of the Southern Michigan
Railroad Company.
INSPECTORS OF STEAMERS.
Mr. DUNCAN. I rise for the purpose of ask-
ing a favor of the House, and it is probably the
last time my voice will be heard by them. It is
not frotai any interest of my own, but from a con-
viction of public duty, that I rise on the present
occasion. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to take from the Speaker's table the reso-
lution of the Senate (No. 79) " in amendmei.tof a
joint resolution relating to the duties of inspectors
of steamers, "approved the seventh day of January,
1353.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object!
Mr. DUNCAN. I move to suspend the rules.
The resolution was then read through by the
Clerk.
Mr. DUNCAN. I now ask the House to al-
low me to mi ke a brief statement.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the gentleman will not
discuss the resolution, I will withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. ORR. I renew the objection.
Mr. DUNCAN. I now trust the House will
at least extend to me the courtesy of allowing me
to make a brief statement in relation to this reso-
lution. The Senate have passed it, and the Com-
mittee on Commerce of the House have agreed to
report it with two amendments.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER pro tem. The gentleman from
Massachusetts cannot debate the motion to sus-
pend the rules except by unanimous consent.
Mr. DUNCAN. Then I ask that the ques-
tion may be taken upon the motion to suspend the
rules.
The question was put; and on a division, 77
rose in the affirmative.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I demand the
yeas and nays upon the motion to suspend the
rules.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will withdraw his motion and al-
low the Committee of Conference upon the naval
appropriation bill to report.
[Criesof "No!" "No!" "No!"]
Mr. STEPHENS. I will state to the House
that in order to have this resolution of any service,
it must go into effect in less than ten days; and 1
tell gentlemen from the South and West, that un-
less they allow it to be taken up and passed, they
will find themselves in hot water when they return
home.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I hope I may
be allowed to make a single statement. The Com-
mittee of Conference upon the naval appropriation
bill have been unable to agree. I hope the House
will allow another committee to be appointed now,
that they may go into session.
Mr. STEPHENS. I object, and demand the
yeas and nays upon the motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS. I demand tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Snow, and
Parker of Pennsylvania were appointed.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 100, noes 21.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
The bill was taken up and read through.
Mr. DUNHAM. I send to the Clerk's desk
two amendments, which were the result of a con-
sultation of the Committee on Commerce of the
House with the Committee on Commerce of the
Senate, and of both, with persons entertaining
opinions upon both sides.
The amendments were as follows;
Insert ill the following section, after the word " made,"
the words " prior to the first day of July next, and
Sec 2. And be it further resohei, That the said in-
spectors may approve of boilers and steam pipes made sub-
sequent to the passage of the act approved the 30th of Au
gust, 18o2, emitted '■ An act to amend the act entitled * An
act to provide for the better security of the lives of passen-
gers, ' >' &c.
AI o, strike out the words "manufacture or otherwise"
in the lollowing section:
" Sec. 4. -*i nd be it further resolved, That no person in-
terested as patentee, manufacturer, or otherwise, in any
way, director indirect, in life preservers, hle-boats, or any
other article required for steamers by the law of August
3oth, 185-2, aforesaid, shall be deemed competent to hold the
office of inspector, or to discharge the duties thereof."
Mr. DUNHAM. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was taken on the adoption of the
amendment, and it was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third
time; and it was subsequently read the third time
and passed.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Conference
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon the bill of the House (No. 343) making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year end-
ing 30th June, 1854, have had a conference, and
are unable to agree in a report to be made to their
respective Houses. The committee on the part
of the House, therefore, ask that they may be dis-
charged from further service upon the committee.
The question was put upon discharging the
committee, and it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, with a view to submit a motion to take
a recess until nine o'clock, (Friday morning.)
Mr. PHELPS. If my friend from North Car-
olina will allow me one moment, I desire to say
that I should have moved the appointment of an-
other committee of conference upon the bill upon
which 1 have just submitted a report, but for the
reason that I supposed, if I made the motion, that
perhaps I might be placed upon that committee
again. Having once served, I did not wish to be
placed upon such a committee again. However,
as no one else makes the motion, I move that an-
other committee of conference be appointed upon
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon the
Navy appropriation bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope my friend from Mis-
souri will not decline serving. The Chair will
give the gentleman two other members, who will
relieve him. I would serve, but 1 am absolutely
so broken down that I cannot work.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Phelps; and it was agreed to.
The Speaker thereupon appointed Messrs.
Stanly, J. Glancy Jones, and Andrew John-
l son as the managers of such conference upon the
I part of the House.
I [A message was here received from the Senate,
1 by the hands of Asbcry Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had passed,
without amendment, bills of the following titles:
H. R. No. 274. An act for the relief of Jasper
A. Maltby;
H. R. No. 263. An act to provide for additional
clerks, and to extend the sessions of the Legisla-
ture of the Territory of New Mexico;
H. R. No. 134. An act authorizing the Gov-
ernor of the Territory of New Mexico to call an
extra session of the Legislative Assembly of said
Territory, should the same be deemed necessary
and expedient; and
H. R. No. 155. An act for the relief of William
H. Wells and others.
Also, that the Senate had adopted a resolution
suspending the 16th and 17th joint rules, so far as
relates to the bill of the Senate (No. 638) " to in-
' demnify the State of Indiana for the failure of
' title to a township of land granted to said State
' on her admission into the Union in 1816."
Also, that the Senate had passed the bill of the
Senate (No. 638) " to indemnify the State of In-
' diana for the failure of title to a township of land
' granted to said State on her admission into the
« Union in 1816."]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I now move that the rules
be suspended, for the purpose of submitting a
motion that the House take a recess until nine
o'clock. I
INDEMNITY TO INDIANA. '
Mr. GORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take up the bill of
the Senate this minute reported by the Secretary
of that body, No. 638—a bill to indemnify the
State of Indiana for the loss, by failure of title to
a township of land heretofore granted to my State
for the use of a State seminary of learning—and
I appeal to my friends on each side of this House
to make no objection, as it is necessary to pass this
bill promptly, or the State University of my State
must suffer great loss and perhaps destruction. I
appeal to the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Clingman] to withdraw his motion, and suffer me
to have this bill passed immediately. The loss in
this case will fall severely upon the State Univer-
sity, and especially so on myself and others who
reside at the place of its location. I therefore
appeal to gentlemen to let it pass.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If by general consent it
can be acted on, I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. MOREHEAD. I object!
Mr. GORMAN. I appeal to my friend from
North Carolina to withdraw his objection. I ask
it of my friend as a personal favor.
Mr. MOREHEAD. I withdraw my objection.
The above resolution of the Senate, suspending
the 16th and 17th joint rules, so far as relates to
said Senate bill, (No. 638,) was then,upon motion
by Mr. Gorman, taken up and concurred in.
Mr. GORMAN. I now ask that the Senate
bill, referred to in the resolution just passed, be
taken up and considered.
No objection being made, the said bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time by its title, as above inserted.
The bill was then, according to order, read the
third time and passed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I rise to a privileged
question. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the joint resolution was passed, and also to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. MEADE. 1 rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the House
refused to suspend the rules to enable me to intro-
duce a bill for the relief of Mrs. Colton.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the mo-
tion is not in order.
On motion by Mr. GROW,
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
of the House the papers of Thomas F. Green, in reference
to an invalid pension, for the purpose of reference to the-
Departments.
URSULA E. COBB.
Mr. COBB. I learn that there is yet one widow
unprovided for. [Laughter.] I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to allow the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions to report a Senate bill,
and which they agreed to report long ago, for the
relief of Ursula Cobb.
Mr. GOODENO W. I object!
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I will simply
say that the Committee on Invalid Pensions have
considered that bill, and have instructed me to
report the same with an amendment, and it ought
to be passed.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I suggest to the
gentleman from Alabama so to modify his motion
as to allow the Committee on Invalid Pensions
to report all Senate bills providing pensions for
widows.
Many Members. I object!
Mr. COBB. Objection is made, and of course
I cannot modify the motion. I move to suspend
the rules for the purpose indicated.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to, two thirds voting in favor thereof.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, then, from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported the bill
with an amendment.
The bill provides that the name of Ursula Cobb
shall be placed upon the list of invalid pensions,
at one half the monthly pay of her husband at the
time of his death; to commence on 9th of May,
1848, and to continue during her widowhood.
The amendment proposed by the Committee on
Invalid Pensions was then read.
It proposed to modify the Senate bill so as to
make her pay ten dollars per month, to commence
on the 9th day of May, 1848, and to continue
during the term of five years.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. The amendment
only proposes to put her,upon the same footing aa
those provided for by the general law.
The question was taken upon the adoption of
the amendment, and it was agreed to.
