1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1159
The bi!l was then, according to order, read a
third time and passed. '
MRS. ELIZABETH CRAIG. i
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I make one
more appeal to the House to allow me to take up
a Senate bill tor the relief' of Mrs. Elizabeth Craig.
Her husb nd commanded the escort to the Bound-
ary Commission, and he was shot down while in
that service. If he had been killed in a war, his
widow would have come in under the general law,
bin she cannot now. 1 ask the House to take up
and pass the bill.
Mr. EDGERTON. I object!
Mr. STEPH ENS. Then 1 move that the rules
be suspended.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to; two thirds voting in the affirmative.
The bill was then taken up, and read a first and
second time by its tide.
Mr. PENNIMAN. I rise to a question of or-
der. The rules were suspended in order to take
up the case of Mrs. Craig, and not the case of Mr.
Olmstead.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order. It is the bill indicated by the
gentleman from Georgia.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading; and
it was subsequently read a third time and passed.
MART WOODWARD.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take up the Senate
bill for the relief of Mary Woodward.
I beg the attention of the House for a few mo-
ments to a brief statement of the bill.
Mr. MEADE. I was not permitted just now
to make a statement of a bill which I desired to
have taken up, and I must object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection. This is the only favor
I shall ask of this House.
Mr. MEADE. I cannot.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The objection, I under-
stand, is to the statement, and not to the bill, j
Mr. MEADE. I object to the taking up of the i
bill. !
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I move to suspend
the rules.
The question was taken, and the motion was
■greed to; two thirds voting in favor thereof.
The bill was then read a first and second time
by its title, and, according to order, read the third
time.
The bill provides that the name of Mary Wood-
ward shall be placed upon the pension roll, at a
compensation of thirty dollars per month, to com-
mence on the 5th of November, 1850, and to con-
tinue during her widowhood.
The question recurring on the passage of the
bill, tellers were called for and ordered; and Messrs.
Doty and Mace were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 87, noes not counted.
So the bill was passed.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbory Dickins, its Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had adopted
a resolution suspending the 16th joint rule so far
as relates to the bill of the Senate No. 644, " to
establish a new land office in the State of Flori-
da."
Also, that the Senate had passed severally, with-
out amendment, bills of the House of the follow-
ing titles, viz: .
H. R. No. 53. An act for the relief of Gard-
ner Herring; and
H. R. No. 365. An act for the relief of Robert
Gibson. .
Also, that the Senate had receded from their 4th,
5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th, 13th, 14th, 15th,
16th, 17th, 18th, 19th, 20th, 21st, 28th, 29th, and
42d amendments to the bill of the House No. 342,
" making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending June 30, 1854;" had agreed to the
amendment cf the House to their 12th amend-
ment to said bill; insist upon their amendments D
and C; agree to the amendment of the House to
their amendment No. 38; insist upon their other
amendments disagreed to by the House, and ask
a conference upon said disagreeing votes of the
two Houses.]
The following shows in detail the action of the
Senate on the amendments to the naval bill, as
contained in the above message:
Amendments from which the Senate recede: i
The 4th, 5th, 6th, and 7th amendments of the
Senate:
'* i >n page 5, in the following paragraph, viz :
Poi tsmoutli, Xcic Humjtshire—For coopers' shop and
watchman's quarters, dredying in front, and painting and
puddling &tone basin, boiler room, boders, engine and ma-
chinery, reservoir for eimiiie-housp, pipes, gutters, drains,
and cisterns, grading yard near timber-shed, and tor repairs
ot all kinds,including care of floating dock, $,■>.{,107 ;
" After the word • quarters," insert" foundations of ways
for launching and hauling up;' after the word 4 cisterns,'
insert • removing ledge and ;' alter the word ' timber shed,'
insert i dry-dock and railway chapeland alter the word
' floating dock,' strike out '$50,107,' and insert in lieu
thereof {,<^0,^93/
The 8thj 9th, 10th, and 11th amendments of
the Senate*
" On page 6, in the following paragraph : 1
u Boston, Massachusetts.—For rebuilding smithery, coop-
erage, and packing-house, coal house lor rope-walk, en-
gines, stone wall west of timber dock, rebuilding battery,
grading and paving timber-shed No. 31, and tor repairs of
all kinds, ${<1,460;
" Insert atter the word 'for,' where it first occurs, the
words ' machine-shop and foundery after the word ' en-
gine,' in-ert 4 chapel;' after the word 4 battery,' insert
k shear-wharf, hauling slip, gutters;' and after the word
4 kinds,' &trike out ' $81,400,' and insert in lieu thereof
<$119,CJOO.
The 13th, 14th, and 15th amendments of the
Senate:
" Oil page 6. after the word 'of,' where it first occurs
in the following paragraph :
" Washington, District of Columbia.—For filling in tim-
ber-dock, (completion of,) extending boiler-shop, convert
ing old ordnance shop into machine-shop, steam engine
and other machinery lor ordnance works, ordnance found-
ery for casting brass guns, railway from anchor and boiler
shop to wharves, quay wall s uth front of yard, and tor re-
pairs of all kinds, $16*2,512;
"Insert, 'commander's quarters, conveying water into
navy-yard, and reservoir;' after the word ' guns,' insert
'gas fixtures, and gas for lighting yard;' and after the
word - kinds,' strikeout 1 $16-2,' and insert ill lieu thereof
' 5200.' "
Sixteenth and seventeenth amendments of the
Senate:
" On page 7, in the following paragraph :
" Norfolk, Virginia.—For extending quay wharves, com-
| pleting timber-dock, machinery for engine, machine and
armorers' sheps, dredging, filling in low grounds, grading,
j completing magazine and keeper's house, Fort Norfolk,
I hauling up slips and mud scows, and for repairs of all kinds,
j $114,600;
"After the word 'timber-dock' insert' carpenters' work-
shop, and cart-shed, building for muster, and other offices,'
and strike out ill the last line ' 14,' and insert in lieu thereof
'60.'
Eighteenth amendment of the Senate:
I " On page 8, line 4, in the following paragraph :
' " Pensacola, Florida. — For permanent wharf, paint-
! shops, and cooperage, construction ot deep basin and dredg-
ing, rebuilding of central wharf and wharves J and C, smoke
j stack, and extending machine-shops, mooring anchors,
i cables, and fixtures for mooring and operating floating dock,
' and for repairs of all kinds, $2-25,800 ;
"Strike out '#25,800,' and insert in lieu thereof'$61,505.'"
Nineteenth, twentieth, and twenty-first amend-
i ments of the Senate:
| " On page 8, in the following paragraph :
| " Memphis, Tennessee.—For completing hemp-house,
I completing blacksmith shop, and office building, cisterns
for rope-walk, culvert from rope-walk to river, and for re- ,
pairs of all kinds, $43,976 ;
1 " After the word ' for ' where it first occurs, insert' ex
cavation, embankment, and grading;'after the word'river,' t
'pavements, drains, ditches, and privies;' and after the
' word ' kinds,' strike out' $43,976,' and insert in lieu thereof
' $126,468.  
Twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth amendments
of the Senate:
" On page 9, in the following paragraph :
! " At Philadelphia Naval Jlsyhim.—For tinning roof of
asylum, laying water-pipes, furnaces, grates, and ranges,
pavements and gutters, $5,000 ;
" After the word 'for,' where it first occurs, insert 'paving !
I Shippen street, walls on Shippen street, and iron railing;'
; and after the word' gutters,' strike out' $5,000,' and insert
j in lieu thereof'9,600.'"
The forty-second amendment of the Senate was
the section, heretofore inserted, in reference to
j the reorganization of the Navy.
! The Senate agree to the amendment of the
j House to their twelfth amendment to the bill.
The twelfth amendment of the Senate was to
: strike out from the original bill the following:
j "New York,New York.—For completing engine-house,
#30,000;
•'For repairs of all kinds, $18,000."
And to insert in lieu thereof, the following:
" New York, New York.—For completing commander's
house, smitherv, timber shed; lime, pitch, and coal-house ; ;
conliiiuiii" quay wall, muster office, cob wharf; dredging
chaanrl and piers; completing engine house, culvert,.and ,
removing piles in front of dock ; filling ill timber-pond and |
low places; paving gutters and flagging, and for repairs ot
all kind., 8240,320."
The House amendment thereto, and to which
the Senate agree, as above stated, was to add the
following proviso:
" Provided, That no part of the appropriation shall be-
expended until the State of New York shall cede the juris-
diction of the navy-yard to the United States, and until the
til le to said land is settled, excepting so much of the appro-
priation as may be needed for completing engine-house, and
for repairs of all kinds."
The Senate agree to the amendment of the
House to their thirty-eighth amendment, to wit:
The thirty-eighth amendment of the Senate was
to add the following:
" For the purpose of paying the lien existing on the lands
recently purchased as an addition to the navy-yard at Brook-
lyn, $1-2,-247 115, to be paid by the Secretary of the Navy, if
upon examination he shall find the same to be due as a lien
on the purchase of said land; and the Secretary of the Navy
is hereby empowered and directed to sell and convey to
any purchaser all that part of the navy yard lands at Brook-
lyn between the west side of Vanderbilt avenue and the
hospital grounds, containing about twenty-six and a half
acres, including Vanderbilt and Clinton avenues: Pro-
vided, That said lands shall not be sold at less price than
they cost the Government, including interest with all as-
sessments and charges: Jind provided further. That, prior
to the sale of said lands, exclusive jurisdiction shall be
ceded to the United States of all the remaining lands con-
nected with the said navy yard belonging to the United
States."
The House amendment thereto, and to which
the Senate agree, as above stated, was to add
thereto the following:
" Provided, That the sale be made at public auction, after
thirty days' notice m at least three daily newspapers pub-
lished in the cities of New York and Brooklyn."
The Senate insist upon their other amendments
disagreed to by the House, and ask a committee
of conference upon said disagreeing votes of the
two Houses.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DUNHAM. I will state informally, for
information, that the Committee of Conference
appointed on the part of the House have met the
committee appointed on the part of the Senate on
the Indian appropriation bill, and that they are
unable to agree. The Senate agreed to recede
from their fifth, eighth, and tenth amendments,
which are as follows:
Fifth amendment:
" Add after the provision for the payment of the claim of
the Ohio Shawnees, under the treaty of 1831, the follow-
ing :
" Provided, That the sum aforesaid shall be paid the said
tribe per capita; and if any agent or other person shall vio-
late this proviso, he or they shall be guilty of felony, and
shall be liable to indictment in the jurisdiction in which the
Indians reside, and punishable by fine and imprisonment,
the fine not to be over ,$1,000, nor less than #500, and to be
imprisoned not more than ten years, nor less than five."
Eighth amendment:
" Insert the following in the bill:
"To pay to Andrew Taylor, the head of a Cherokee family,
$14,7-20, with interest from the 23d day of August 1843, in
adjustment of his reservation rights under the thirteenth
article of the Cherokee treaty of 1835 ; and the amount ne-
cessary for that purpose is hereby appropriated out of any
monev not otherwise appropriated: Provided, That the sum
appropriated by this clause shall be paid directly to the said
[ Taylor, and not to anybody else."
! Tenth amendment:
" -1nd be it further enacted, That the thirteenth section of
the act approved March 3,1851, entitled ' An act to ascer-
tain and settle private land claims in the State of Califor-
nia,'be so modified that claimants to land in said State,
; shall be allowed until the first day of March, 1854, to pre-
sent and file their claims before said commissioners."
The committee were unable to agree as to the
ninth amendment of the Senate, which is as fol-
lows:
" That the President of the United States be, and he is
hereby, authorized to make five military reservations from
the public domain in the State of California, or the Territo-
ries of Utah and New Mexico, bordering on said State, for
Indian purposes: Provided, That such reservations shall
not contain more than twenty-five thousand acres in each :
jlnd provided further, That said reservations shall not be
made upon any lands inhabited by citizens of California ;
and the sum of $-250,000 is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to defray
the expense of subsisting the Indians in California, and re-
moving them to said reservations for protection.''
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 rise to a question
of order. I say that it is not in order to detail
in the House what occurred in the committee.
Mr. DUNHAM. I have the right, at least, to
make suggestions on my own responsibility.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it
would not be in order to detail in minutiae what
occurred in the committee, but he does not think
the gentleman is out of order. .
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I Bay that it is
not only the right but the duty of the Committee
