1160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
of Conference to explain in detail all the questions
that came before it, and the disposition of the
other House so far as ascertained.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
the duty of the Committee to report conclusions,
but not arguments made before it, or what one
gentleman did and what another did not do.
Mr. STEPHENS. I say the committee has
the privilege of reporting fully all that transpired
in regard to its free conference with the commit-
tee on the other side.
Mr. DUNHAM. From information which
we obtained we agreed to recede from the House's
disagreement to the following amendment of the
Senate:
'• Strike out of the following paragraph ' 15,000' and in-
sert • ',(100
" Texas Indians.—For compensation to three special
agents and tour interpreters for the Indian tribes of Texas,
and (or the purchase of presents, $15,000."
It seems that from some apprehension General
Harney made an attack on some of the Indian
towns in that country, which has occasioned ill
feeling on the part of the Indian tribes. He de-
stroyed their houses and their property, and it is
believed that they are now in a suffering condi-
tion. The Senate thought that this increased ap-
propriation was necessary,and ought injustice to
be made to those Indians. As I have said, we
agreed to recede from the House's disagreement,
but with the following amendment by way of
addition:
Of which the sum of $15,000 may be used in such man-
ner as the Secretary of the Interior may deem necessary for
subsistence and preserving peace with said Indians.
JOHN LEWIS HICKMAN.
Mr. EASTMAN obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. The House
passed a resolution to-day, on my suggestion, as
an amendment to that of thegentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Polk,] in reference to the payment |
of John Lewis Hickman. 1 understand that it is
likely to receive a much broader construction than
was intended, and I therefore ask that the House
will allow the passage of the following resolution
to prevent any misconstruction:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House, in executing so
much of the resolution passed this day as relates to John
Lewis Hickman, shall only compute the number of days
that said Hickman has been actually employed during the
sittings ol'Congress.
Mr. WALSH. With the gentleman's consent,
I offer the following as an amendment:
Resolved, That tile Clerk of the House be authorized
to pay out of the contingent fund of the House to Francis
Reily, the -ame compensation annually which is paid to the
messengers n: ihe House of Representatives, from the 1st of
April, I Sod, the day of his appointment, and until otherwise
ordered.
Mr. OLDS. With the gentleman's permission
I will offer an amendment.
Mr. BROWN. I hope my resolution will not
be loaded down with all kinds of amendments. I
call for the previous question.
Mr. ORR. The amendment of the gentleman
from Maryland is not germane to the resolution
of the gentleman from Mississippi, and therefore
not in order.
Mr. WALSH. The gentleman's question of
order is entirely too late.
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Harris of Tennessee
in the chair.) The Chair decides that the question
of order is in time and well taken, and therefore
that the amendment is out of order.
Mr. WALSH. I take an appeal from that
decision.
The question was taken, "Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
and it was agreed to.
The call for theprevious question was seconded,
and the main question ordered to be put.
The question was then taken, and Mr. Brown's
resolution was adopted.
ALEXANDER P. FIELD.
Mr. EASTMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to report from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary Senate resolution No. 10,
entitled "Joint resolution for the relief of Alex-
ander P. Field, late secretary of Wisconsin Ter-
ritory, and his securities." It provides for the
payment of money into the Treasury, and not an
appropriation to take it out. It has been unani-
mously agreed to by the committee with an amend-
ment.
Objection was made.
Mr. EASTMAN. I move to suspend therules
for that purpose.
Tellers weredemandedand ordered; and Messrs.
Briggs and Stone were appointed.
The question was taken, and the rules were
suspended, the tellers having reported—ayes 84,
noes 40.
Mr. EASTMAN then, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported back, with an amend-
ment, Senate resolution No. 10; which was read,
as follows:
Resolved. $c., That the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury Department be authorized and directed lo settle
the accounts of Alexander P. Field, late secretary of Wis-
consin Territory, upon principles of equity and justice.
The amendment of the committee was then
read, as follows:
Provided, That no credit shall be allowed the said Field,
in said settlement under this resolution, except such of the
following items, numbering from one to twelve, inclusive,
claimed by said Field, as the said accounting officers may
determine in equity and justice should be allowed :
Item No. 1. W. W. YVyman, payment on bond not yet
surrendered, ."$437.
Item No. 2. C. C. Shales, payment on his bond not sur-
rendered, .$1,075.
Item No. 3. Over payment to Isaiah Noonan, for print-
ing, $100 41.
Item No. 4. Over payment to John CatHn, $107.
Item No. 5. George j. Coates's bond, wauting Gridley's
indorsement, {$100.
Item No. 6. E. SlingberlantPs bond, wanting J. Knee-
land's indorsement, $100.
Item No. 7. James Sullivan's bond, wanting his own in-
dorsement, §35.
Item No. 8. Appropriation of Legislative Assembly for
expenses of journey to Washington, procuring and trans-
porting funds, See., S$00.
I Item No. 9. Payment to Barlow ShackJeford, $6 65.
I Itera No. 10. Appropriation of Legislative Assembly,
i February, 1843, for expense to Washington, procuriug and
transporting money for expenses of Legislative Assembly,
$800.
Item No. 11. Appropriation for office rent, stationery,
&c., #100.
Item No. 12. Appropriation for postage, $100.
Making in all, #3,761 06.
! Mr. EASTMAN. This amendment is moved
at the request of Mr. Whittlesey, after an exam-
ination of the items. The resolution was intro-
duced to remedy some informality in consequence
of which the accounting officer refused to allow
this credit though the bonds have been canceled.
The question was taken and the amendment
was adopted.
The resolution was then ordered to be read a
third time; and it was, according to order, read a
third time, and passed.
Mr. STANLY. 1 offer a resolution for the
payment of the clerk of the Committee on Ways
and Means. He is a most useful officer.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to
appeal to the gentleman from North Carolina, in-
stead of offering his resolution now, to let me take
up and put on its passage a bill for the relief of a
poor man, who has been made a pauper by this
Government. I have stood here all day with this
bill in my hand endeavoring to get the floor.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia • I have a bill for the
relief of a poor man in my hand. [Laughter.]
Mr. STANLY. I have a harder case than the
gentleman.
Mr. SEYMOUR. You cannot have.
Mr. STANLY. Then I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. EWING. I have been on the floor for
three weeks striving to have a bill taken up, and I
object.
Mr. STANLY. I shall ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up a Senate resolution
for the relief of two widows.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I thought I had the floor.
Mr. EWING. The gentleman cannot take the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina cannot yield the floor for the purpose of
calling up a different measure, unless by unani-
mous consent of the House.
Mr. EWING. 1 object!
ISAAC L. BATTLE.
Mr. STANLY. 1 ask that Senate resolution
j No. 52, entitled " A resolution for the relief of
the estate of Isaac L. Battle," be taken up and put
, on its passage. It passed the Senate at the last
session. The following are the facts of the case,
| as set forth in the report of the committee:
" In the year 1842, Charles Matthews and William King
were the successful bidders for a contract with the Post
Office Department to carry the mail three times a week,
backward and forward, between Cambridge, in the State of
Georgia, and Pensacola, in Florida, and 1-aac L. Ratile, the
petitioner's intestate, became guarantor in their behalf.
Matthews and King failed to execute their contract or to
perform any portion thereof, in consequence of which the
mail was carried by W. T. Stockton & Co., who had been
the contractors previously, from ' the 1st of July, 1843, to
the 8th of October, 1843,' at which time the route was relet
at tile price stated in their bid. During the tune for which
Stockton & Co. carried the mail, it was carried at the rate
previously paid to them, say $21,000 per annum, and on the
21st August, 1846, suit was ordered lo be brought against
King and Matthews, and Isaac L. Rattle, their guarantor,
to recover $3,125 as the difference between their bid, $9,500
per annum, and the rate paid to Stockton & Co., $21,000.
On the 5th of January, 1848, judgment was obtained against
Felix 6. Long, executor of Charles Matthews, for $3,924 62,
and an execution issued to satisfy said judgment, upon
which $107 14 was paid over to the Department on the 9th
of April, 1849, after deducting for costs $164 86. Process
was at the same time issued, but was not served, on King
or Battle. The claim from which the petitioner asks to be
released is the balance under the above judement, on the
ground that he, as administrator of Isaac L. Battle, had no
information that there was such a claim in existence, until
he had paid <>ut as administrator all the assets in hand with
the exception of $1,500 which he had reserved for the pay-
ment ot a debt due from the estate to a widow woman
named Lewis, who is poor and must lose the whole of her
claim if the debt to the Government be paid. A further
ground on which the petitioner asks to be released, is the
laches on the part of the Government in not prosecuting its
claim at the time of the failure on the part of King and
Matthews, and when they were able to pay the damage sus-
tained, instead of waiting four years, at the end of which
time one of the principals had left the State and the other
had died, leaving an estate almost totally inadequate to meet
the liability.
"Your committee think that the delay of the Government
had the effect of depriving the guarantor of any recourse he
might have had against the bidders in question, for indem-
nity against the liability incurred by him in their behalf,
and in this way was the real cause of any loss that may
have been sustained, owing to the remissness of the officers
ot the Government, for which the innocent family of the
guarantor or his creditors cannot in justice be held account-
able. Guarantors become such under the supposition that
in the event of a failure on the part of those for whom they
become security to do the thing proposed, they will at least
have an opportunity afforded them to protect themselves
and their families against any liability incurred. Where no
such opportunity is given, and the Government and its offi-
cers, by remissness m the performance of their duty, cause
a wrong to be inflicted which they might have prevented by
proper diligence, it is no more than justice, m the opinion
of your committee, that the party wronged shall be released
from any mere legal liability incurred. They therefore re-
commend the adoption of the accompaoymgresolution."
Mr. KING. I object to taking up the resolu-
tion.
Mr. STANLY. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose, and I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cobb and
Venable were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
that there were ayes 100, noes not counted.
So the rules were suspended.
The bill having been read the first and second
time, was ordered to a third reading; and having
been read a third time, it was passed.
ELIZABETH MONROE.
Mr. BROWN, of New Jersey. I ask theunan-
imous consent of the House to take up Senate bill
No. 124, for the relief of Elizabeth Monroe.
Mr. MILLSON. That is not a bill from the
Speaker's table, but it is a report from the com-
mittee.
Mr. KING, of New York. I object!
Mr. BROWN. I move to suspend the rules.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative.
The bill having been read a first and second
time, and having been ordered to a third reading,
it was read the third time, and passed.
WALTER COLTON.
Mr. MEADE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up Senate bill (No. 296) for
the relief of the legal representatives of Walter
Colton.
Mr. KING, of New York. I ask that the bill
be read for the information of the House.
The bill was then read.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I object to the in-
troduction of the bill.
Mr. MEADE. I hope the House will allow me
to make a brief statement of this case and let the
report be read. It is for refunding money which
improperly got into the Treasury. I ask that the
report be read as a part of my speech.
Mr. BAYLY. I object to the introduction ofthe
bill.
Mr. MEADE. I move to suspend the rules in
order to permit me to introduce the bill.
Tellers were demanded and ordered; and Messrs.
Briggs and Eastman were appointed.
