1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1161
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 71, nays 18—no quorum
vot I ii?.  
Mr. CAR'ITER. I move a call of the House.
[A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Dickins. its Secretary, informing: the House that
the Senate had agreed to the amendments of the
House to the bill and joint resolutions ofthe Senate
of the following titles, viz:
S. No. 231. An act for the relief of Ursula E.
Cobb;
S, No. 79. A resolution in amendment of ajoint
resolution relating to the duties of inspectors of 1
steamers, approved the 7th day of January, 1853;
ami
S. No. 10. A resolution for the relief of Alexan-
der P. Field, late Secretary of Wisconsin Terri-
torv, and sureties.
That the Senate had receded from their amend-
ments, numbered 5, 8, and 10, disagreed toby the
House, and insist upon their amendments num-
bered 6 and 9 disagreed to by the House, to the
bill of the House (No. 333) " making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian Department, for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30, 1854."] i
[Mr. W1LDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills and a joint ■
resolution of the following titles, viz:
H. R. No. 250. An act for the relief of S. Mor-
ris Wain;
H. R. No. 320. An act for the relief of James j
H. Jenkins;
H. R. No. 279. An act for the relief of Mary
Pearson;
H. R. No. 275. An act for the relief of William !
J. Price;
H. R. No. 272. An act for the relief of John
H. R. No. 303. An act for the relief of Corne-
lius Covert, of Michigan;
H. R. No. 264. An act to appropriate lands for
the support of schools in certain townships and
fractional townships in the Territory of Minne-
sota, not before provided for;
H. R. No. 181. An act for the relief of Henry
Click, of Cocke county, Tennessee;
H. R. No. 178. An act for the relief of Henry
Miller, a soldier of the war of 1812;
H. R. No. 100. An act for the relief of James
Wright, jr.;
H. R. No. 26. Joint resolution for the relief of
Thompson Barnett;
H. R. No. 155. An act for the relief of William
H. Wells and others;
H. R. No. 274. An act for the relief of Jasper
A. Maltby;
H. R. No. 368. An act for the relief of Robert
Gibson;
H. R. No. 53. An act for the relief of Gardner
Herring;
H. R. No. 134. An act authorizing the Gover-
nor of the Territory of New Mexico to call an
extra session of the Legislative Assembly of said
Territory, should the same be deemed necessary
and expedient;
H. R. No. 363. An act for the relief of John
Huffington; and
H. H. No. 263. An act to provide for addi-
tional clerks, and to extend the sessions of the
Legislature of the Territory of New Mexico;
When the Speaker signed the same.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Cartter's
motion, that there be a call of the House; and it
was decided in the negative.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays
upon the call; which were ordered.
NAVY BILL.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbcry Dickins, Esq., its Sec-
retary, informing the House that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the Committee of Confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill of theHouse (No. 342) making appro-
priations for the naval service of the year ending
the 30th of June, 1854; and that the Senate had
adopted a resolution suspending the 16th joint rule,
so far as relates to the bill of the Senate (No. 306)
entitled "An act for the relief of the West Felici-
ana Railroad Company."
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. There is no quorum
here, and 1 object to the transaction of business.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Letcher that there be a call ofthe House;
and there were—yeas 62, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Appleton, Averett,Thomas H. !
Bayly, Bowie, Bowne, Brings, E. Carrington Cabell,
Thompson Campbell, Chandler, Cleveland, Colcock,
Daniel, Doty, Duncan, Edgerton, Evans, Fay, Florence,
Freeman, Gorman, Grow, Ishani G. Harris, Hart, Holla-
day, T. Y, How, J. Johnson, R. VV. Johnson, D. T. Jones,
George G. King, Preston King, Letcher, Lockhart, Mace,
Martin, McCorkle, McLanahan, McQueen, Meade, Mill-
son, Morehead, Murray, Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Andrew Par-
ker, Penn, Perkins, Phelps, Price, Robbins, Robie, Sabine,
Sackett, Frederick P. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens,
Stratton, Toombs, Townshend, Venable, Wildnck, and
Woodward—62.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Bennett. Brooks, Albert G.
Brown, George H. Brown, Burrows, Cartier, Caskie,
Chapman, Cobb, Cottman, Dawson, Diminick, Dunham,
Durkee, Eastman, Ficklin, Fitch, Floyd, Gaylord, Goode-
now, Hall, Sampson VV. Harris, Hendricks, Henn, How- \
ard. Thomas M. Howe, fves, Jackson, James Johnson,
Landry, Little, McMulhn, John Moore, Murphy, Nabers,
Newton, Peiiniiuan, Robinson, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft,
Schooninaker, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour,
Skelton, Snow, Sutherland, Sweetser, Ward,and Addison
White—50. j
So a call of the House was ordered. I
The roll was then called, and one hundred and 1
two gentlemen answered to their names; as fol-
lows: I
Messrs. Aiken, Charles Allen, William Appleton, Aver- |
ett, Thomas H. Bayly, Bell, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bocock, 1
Bowie, Briggs, Brooks, AlbertG. Brown, George H. Brown,
E. Carrington Cabell, Thompson Campbell, Caskie, Chand-
ler, Chapman, Clemens, Cobb, Colcock, Conger, Curtis, '
Darby, Dimmick, Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee, East-
man, Edgerton, Edmundson, Evans, Kay, Ficklin, Fitch,
Florence, Floyd, Freeman, Gaylord, Goodenow, Gorman,
j Grey, Grow, Hall, Isham G. Harris, Hart, Hendricks,
i Henn, Holladay, Horn ford, Houston, Howard, Thomas M.
! Howe, Thomas Y. How, Ives, Jackson, Andrew John-
I son, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
| George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, George G. King, Pres- '
ton King, Landry, Letcher, Little, L ckhart, Maee, Mar-
1 tin, McLanahan, McMiUlin, McNair, McQueen, Meade,
Millson, John Moore, Morehead, Morrison, Murphy, Mur-
, ray, Nabers, Newton, Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Andrew Parker,
1 Peaslee, Penn, Penniman, Perkins, Phelps, Price, Richard-
son, Riddle, Robbms, Robie, Robinson, Sabine, Sackett, j
Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, David L. Sey-
mour, Origen 8. Seymour, Skelton, Snow, Stanly, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Stratton, Suth-
erland, Sweetser, Thurston, Toombs, Venable, Walsh,
Addison White, Wildnck, and Woodward.
The following is the list of absentees:
Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Allison, John Apple-
ton, Ashe, Babcock, David J. Bailey, Barrere, Barllett,
Beale, Bissell, Bowne, John H. Boyd, Bragg, Breckin-
ridge, Brenton, Burrows, Burt, Busby, Joseph Cable, Cald-
well, Lewis D. Campbell, Caruer, Chastaio, Churchwell,
Clark, Cleveland, Clingman, Cottman, Cullom, Daniel,
George T. Davis, John G. Davis, Dawson. Dean, Disney,
Dockery, Ewmg, Faulkner, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Gamble, Gentry, Giddings, Gilmore, Goodrich,
| Green, Hamilton, Hammond, Harper, Sampson W. Harris,
Haws, Hascall, Haven, Hebard, Hibbard, Hillyer, John W.
I Howe. Hunter, [ngersoll, Jenkins, Kuhus, Kurtz, Mann,
Mar-hall, Mason, McCorkle, McDonald, Meacham,Miller,
Miner, Molony, Henry D.Moore, Samuel W. Parker, Polk,
Porter, Powell, Preston, Reed, Ross, Russell, Savage,
Scudder, Scurry, Smart, Smith, Benjamin Stanton, Rich-
ard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Stone, St Martin, StroUier, Stuart, Taylor, Townshend,
Tuck, WalbKdge, Wallace^ Ward, Washburn, W-atkins,
Welch, Wells, Alexander White, Wilcox, Williams, and
Yates.
The SPEAKER. The roll of absentees will
be again called, and gentlemen who have excuses
i to make for their absent friends will make them.
! The Clerk called the names of the absentees.
' Some were excused, and others were not.
| Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I understand
that there is a quorum now present. It is evident
that the call cannot be carried through, and it is
; useless to continue it. I therefore move that all
further proceedings in the call be dispensed with.
| The motion was agreed to, and the doors of
the House were accordingly reopened.
| INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DUNHAM. I propose to take up the
< Indian appropriation bill, which has been sent
back from the Senate.
I The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform the
gentleman from Indiana that when the House
found itself without a quorum the gentleman from
Virginia (Mr. Meade] was upon the floor.
Mr. DUNHAM. I presume there will be no
objection to taking up the bill and disposing of it.
No objection was made; and the amendments
ofthe Senate to the Indian appropriation bill were
accordingly taken up for consideration.
: Mr. DUNHAM. The Senate have receded
from three of their amendments, leaving only two
in dispute.
The fifth amendment was to add the following
proviso to the provisioa of the bill for the pay-
ment of the Ohio Shawnees:
" Provided, That the sum aforesaid shall be paid to the
said tribe per capita; and it'any agent or other person shall
violate this proviso, he or they shall be guilty of felony,
and shall be liable to indictment in the jurisdiction in which
the Indians reside, and punishable byline and imprison-
ment, the line not to be over ®1,000 nor less than $500, and
to be imprisoned not more than ten years nor less than
five."
The Senate have receded from that. They have
also receded from their eighth amendment; which
was as follows:
" To pay to Andrew Taylor, the head of a Cherokee fam-
ily, $14,720, with interest from the 23d day of August, 1843,
in adjustment of his reservation rights under the thirteenth
article of the Cherokee treaty of 1835; and the amount ne-
cessary fnr that purpose is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Pro-
vided, That the sum appropriated by this clause shall be
paid directly to the said Taylor, and not to anybody else."
The Senate have also receded from their tenth
amendment; which was as follows:
" Sec. 5. .'tnd he it further enacted, That the thirteenth
section of the act approved March 3, 1851, entitled * An act
to ascertain and settle private land claims in the Stale of
California,1 be so modified that claimants to land in said
State shall be allowed until the 1st dav of March, 1854, to
present and file their claims before said commissioners."
The sixth and ninth amendments of the Senate
remain undisposed of. I now move that the House
recede from its disagreement to the sixth amend-
ment, with an amendment.
The House put the following provision in the
bill:
" For compensation to three special agents, and for inter-
preters for the Indian tribes of Texas, and for the purchase
of presents, $15,000."
The Senate struck out " fifteen" and inserted
" thirty."
I move that the House concur in that amend-
ment of the Senate, with this amendment:
Add the following:
Ofwhich sum, §15,000 m*y be used in such manner as
the Secretary of the Treasury may deem necessary for the
subsistence of and preserving peace with said Indians.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman ask a
concurrence in the report of a Committee of Con-
ference ?
Mr. DUNHAM. No, sir; there is no report
from the Committee of Conference. I ask that
the House shall concur in the amendment of the
Senate with the amendment which I have pro-
posed.
The question was taken on Mr. Dunham's
amendment to the Senate amendment, and it was
agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate as amended was
then concurred in.
Mr. DUNHAM. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was concurred in,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
[Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled the
following bills and joint resolutions, which there-
upon severally received the signature of the
Speaker:
An act for the relief of Ursula E. Cobb;
An act granting a pension to Elizabeth Monroe;
and
A resolution in amendment of ajoint resolution
relating to the duties of inspectors of steamers,
approved the 7th January, 1853.J
The ninth amendment of the Senate was re-
ported as follows:
" That the President of the United States be, and he is
hereby, authorized to make five military reservations from
the public domain in the State of California, or in the Ter-
ritories of Utah and New Mexico, bordering on said State,
for Indian purposes: Provided, That such reservations
shall not contain more than twenty five thousand acres in
each: Jlnd provided further, That said reservations shall
not be made on any lands inhabited by the ciUzt-ns of Cali-
fornia. And the sum of $250,000 is hereby appropriated,
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropria-
ted, to pay the expenses of subsisting the Indians in Cali-
fornia, aud removing them to aaid reservations for protec-
tion."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will state to the
House that that is the Pueblo amendment. I ex-
plained it to the House once to-nightat some length.
There was then a very thin House, but at the
moment of taking the vote there was an accession
to our number of about twenty-five members, who,
not knowing anything about the amendment ex-
cept that it was aSenate amendment, voted against
it and it was sacrificed. That is the history of its
rejection.
