1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1168
RESOLUTION OF THANKS TO THE SPEAKER.
Mr. HOWIE, rising to a privileged resolution,
offered : lie usual resolution of thanks to the Speak-
er: as tollows:
Res tlced. That the thanks of this House are due, and are
herein presented, to the Hon. Linn Boyd, for the able, lm-
parii.il, .mil dignified iii.mner in wlmh he has discharged
lilt1 dunes of S[iviikt r durmi; the present Congress.
Mr. Speaker, [Mr. Harris m the chair,] I rise
to perform a duty very agreeable to my own feel-
incs, and one which l confidently anticipate will
be'sratetul to the members of this House, to ten-
der to its Presiding Officer, Hon. Limn Botd, our
cordial acknowledgments for the dignity, ability,
snd impartiality with which he has discharged
his higli duties. I am aware, sir, that in a body
constituted as this, in the heat of legislation, occa-
sions must occur on which individual asperities
and personal disappointments will arise; but, when
the ardor of legislative effort has passed, and we
look back, we cannot but wonder there have been
really so few, if any, causes of dissatisfaction.
From the position 1 have occupied, I have con-
templated dispassionately the immense difficulties
and embarrassments which necessarily surround
the Speaker; and from a close observation of his
career, I take pleasure in avowing thus openly, as
1 have often done privately, that no gentleman
could have deported himself with more entire self-
command, justice, and propriety towards all over
whom it was his duty to preside.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I feel it due
to myself and due to the Speaker to make a very
brief statement at this time. It is known to the
House that upon one occasion, not very long
since, I spoke somewhat harshly of the Speaker
of this House under the impression that he had
treated me unjustly in several instances when I
felt that I was entitled to some notice at his hands.
But I have been induced to believe from represent-
ations which were not made by the Speaker to
myself or to others', but which have come to my
ears, that I was mistaken in the apprehension that
the Speaker had treated me unfairly; and now,
when we are about to break up, and when in all
probability I shall never return again to this
House, I cannot find it in my heart to entertain
the feelings which I then entertained, as I thought
from just causes. I shall therefore give my
hearty assent to the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Bowie,] believing
that whatever errors the Speaker may have com-
mitted—if there have been any—have been errors
ofjudgment; that he has at least endeavored to do
his duty, and upon the whole I am not sure that
he has not done it well.
Mr. CASK1E. Under the present circumstan-
ces, manliness requires that I should declare the
vote I mean to give upon this resolution. I take
the whole responsibility, and tell the House that
my vote will be No!
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. For reasons
which affect myself, I shall also take that respon-
sibility, and vote against the resolution.
Mr. EVANS. I have served in the Congress
of the United States in a very humble manner for
six years, and I have seen three Speakers of this
House. I have not often had the floor from the
Speaker during the present Congress, but 1 shall
very cordially acquiesce in the resolution offered
by my colleague. I mean to tender my thanks,
at any rate, to the Speaker of this House. I
know he has had to labor against great difficul-
ties, under which every gentleman who presides
over this House must labor. He must disappoint
more or less gentlemen who desire to obtain the
floor. That must always be the case in this
House. There always will be gentlemen who, as
they think justly—I think often unjustly—fancy
they have been treated with unfairness. But, sir,
I choose to forget all the past, and to express my
cordial assent to this resolution, whicn 1 hope
will be unanimously adopted. I trust those gen-
tlemen who have expressed a qualified dissent
will in their inmost hearts retract it, and that we
shall give a unanimous vote in favor of this reso-
tion.
Mr NABERS. It is a fact well known to the
gentlemen of this House, that this is my first term
in the Congress of the United States; but I have
not been altogether a careless observer of the man-
ner in which the various Speakers for some years
past have discharged their duties as such; and
undertake to say that, according to the best of my
recollection, the decisions of the present Speaker !
have been more uniformly sustained by the House \
than those of any other Speaker who has presided j
over this body for years yast. That is my recol-
lection, and I think the record will show that what
I have stated is true; and although 1 have fre-
quently felt disappointed in failing to obtain the
floor when I desired to speak—for when 1 desired to
speak I desired it very much—and although 1 have
at times felt almost chagrined in not being able to
obtain it at particular times, yet 1 am prepared to
say that, with all my heart, I shall vote for the
resolution offered by the gentleman from Mary-
land; and not only shall I unite with the members j
of this House in expressing my most sincere re- j
gard for the Speaker, but I take this occasion to j
say that 1 shall retire from this Hall cherishing i
none but the most agreeable recollections of every |
gentleman upon this floor.
Mr. MEADE. When I served my first term
in the Congress of the United States, 1 thought I
had many causes of complaint against the Pre-
siding Officer, and like my colleague [Mr. Cas-
kie] now, I refused to vote for a resolution of
thanks. During my second term in this House
I was sometimes called to the Chair, and when
there I became convinced of the difficulty of dis-
charging the duties of that station to the satisfac-
tion of the House. Sir, from the little experience 1
have had in that chair, 1 have seen cause to regret
the vote which I gave upon the occasion to which
I have alluded, and 1 am convinced that my col-
league, when he has served a second term in this
House—and 1 hope he may serve many—will see
cause to regret the determination which he has
just expressed. 1 can but acknowledge that du-
ring the present Congress I have felt disappointed
■ in falling to obtain the floor upon many occasions
when 1 have sought it for the purpose of accom-
plishing some favorite object; 1 have taken my
seat dissatisfied that the Speaker had refused to
recognize me; but it is only necessary for my col-
league, or the gentleman from Geoigia, [Mr.
Johnson,] to sit in the chair which you, Mr.
Speaker, now occupy, to become acquainted with
the difficulties which surround it in discharging
the duties which belong to that office, to change
their determination and to give their cordial assent
to the resolution now before us.
1 have known the Presiding Officer of this House
for the last six years, and in my private intercourse
with him, I have known no man whom I thought
to be impressed with a deeper sense of justice and
right than that officer. Although I may not have
been recognized as often as I thought I was en-
titled to the floor, yet I am convinced that officer
has endeavored to do his duty acccfrding to the
best of his ability, guided by a strict sense of jus-
tice, and I hope my colleague and the honorable
gentleman from Georgia will give their votes for
this resolution.
i Mr. CASKIE. The gentleman gives a great
deal more consequence to it ti an I do myself. 1
only announced that I should vote against it, be-
cause I did not want to be guilty of the unmanli-
' ness of giving my vote in the dark. I am not
'  afraid. 1 am as firm as a rock, and my vote shall
be " no."
Mr. MEADE. I am thoroughly convinced that
! the time will come when my honorable friend will
i regret the course which he has taken,
i Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. I have thought
' on several occasions that I had been unfairly dealt
1 by, and so expressed my feelings to those around
i me. It is therefore proper that I should now say,
that I appreciate fully the difficulties under which
i the Speaker labors, and I am convinced that he
i did not do injustice to me intentionally. 1 shall
vote for this resolution, and I hope to quit this
! House with perfectly good feelings, not only to-
I wards the Speaker, but towards every member of
i the House. ...
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to take this occasion
to say that I intend to record my vote, heartily
and cheerfully, in favor of that resolution. I have
felt, from the impulsive character of my nature
and disposition, severely disappointed in my ef-
' forts to obtain the floor. I have felt, to some ex-
tent perhaps, a prejudice against the Speaker. A
number of my constituents are very much interest-
ed in a bill upon the Speaker's table. I have heard,
and so has this House, attributed to him a disposi-
tion to prevent legislation upon that bill. 1 have
taken occasion often to speak of the honesty, in-
tegrity, and fairness of the Speaker, and Itakethis
occasion to say publicly to ttie House and to the
country, that I believe he has been actuated by
pure, honorable, and high-minded motives, and it
gives me pleasure to record my vote in favorofthe
resolution.
[Cries of "Question !" " Question !"]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. The vote I shall
give upon this resolution is not dictated by any
feelings of a personal character, but it will be reg-
ulated by what I consider to be facts connected
with the case.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish only tosay that I have
served in this House, with the present Speaker of
the House, for the last ten years. I have observed
his course, and I believe him to bean honest, high-
minded gentleman, and incapable of doing injus-
tice to any member of this body.
The question was then taken upon the resolu-
tion offered by Mr. Bowie, and it was agreed to.
HEIRS OF WALTER COLT ON.
The SPEAKER pro tem. The pending question
is upon the motion of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Meadf.] to suspend the rules, to enable hina
to introduce the bill indicated by him some time
since.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to; two thirds of a quorum voting in favor
thereof.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Walter Colton was then taken up, and read a
first and second time by its title.
It was then ordered to a third reading, and was
subsequently read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MEADE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken on the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
LEWIS H. BATES AND WILLIAM LACON.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take up and
pass the Senate bill for the relief of Lewis H.
Bates and William Lacon.
I The object of the bill is to give them the recom-
pense which has been unanimously voted them by
the Senate.
I wish to state to the House that these men have
been for some fifteen years endeavoring to get re-
dress, under tlfese circumstances: One of these
men was in the year 1829 an importer of iron.
He inquired-of the First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury what would be the duty on a certain kind of
iron if he should import it. He was informed
what it would be. He imported the iron. After
he got it into port, the officer of the port of New
York put another construction upon the act. The
iron was seized, and litigation ensued, which was
continued for a series of years between him and
the Government as to the construction of the law.
He finally succeeded in establishing his right, ac-
cording to the original construction of the law by
the Treasury Department upon which he had
acted. But the result was that he had lost his
business, and was broken down, and for several
years he has been a watchman in this city. He
is over seventy years of age. His case has been
reported favorably upon six different times at six
different sessions of Congress, and his bill has
always failed, as it is likely to fail now. It passed
this House, and failed in the Senate, and then
passed the Senate, and failed in the House, and
so it has been going on for years.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What does he
claim in this bill ?
Mr. SEYMOUR. His claim is a good aeal,
by way of damages, but the Senate have allowed
him in this bill two items only of his claim, one
of which was the estimate of expenses for the
storage of his goods during the period of the liti-
gation; and the other is the item by way of dam-
ages for the detention of the goods. The hill re-
fers it to the Secretary of the Treasury to liquidate
the amount, and pay him what shall be deemed
reasonable for the injuries which he sustained It
is supposed that it will amount to some $3,000 or
44,000—a mere pittance to a man who was doing
a good business, and was ruined by the action of
the Government.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If I understand
the subject, the person for whose benefit this bill
is reported, claimed to have imported into the
country, in 1829, a certain amount of iron. There
