1164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
was a difference of opinion between the importers
of that iron and the custom-house officer at New
York as to the amount of duty. There was a con-
troversy, and it was finally settled, as all such
cases are, m the courts, and that the construction
of the custom-house officer was not a correct one.
Now, this bill proposes to pay to a man who
failed in business the costs and damages which he
sustained in a litigation. There are thousands
who have failed in business without having any-
thing to do with litigation, and if we are going to
pay all those who, having controversies with the
Government, fail, why, sir, we shall have no end
to it.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I move that the bill betaken
up and put upon its passage; and if there is any
objection, I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. ORR. I understand that all the general
appropriation bills have been acted upon, and it
would refresh us very much to take a recess for
an hour, until ten o'clock, (Friday morning.)
The gentleman from New York will be more likely
then to have a quorum than now, and I hope the
House will give its unanimous consent to take a
recess until ten o'clock.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I would most willingly con-
sent, but I have struggled for the last twenty-four
hours to get the floor for this purpose, and this is
the only occasion I shall have to offer it.
No objection being made, the bill was then
taken up, and read a first and second time by its
title.
It was then ordered to a third reading; and it
was subsequently read a third time, and passed.
WILLIAM MINER.
Mr. EDGERTON. I offer the following reso-
lution, which I am instructed to report from the
Committee on Claims:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House pay to William
Miner, clerk of the circuit court of the United States for
the district of Ohio, the co*t of certified copies of the record
furnish'd by the order of tile House, in the case of the iegal
representatives of John H. Piatt, whose claim is now pend-
ing before this House.
The question was taken upon the adoption of
the resolution, and it was agreed to.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take from the Speak-
er's table a bill of the Senate for continuing in,
force an act of 1846, giving certain discretionary
powers to the land officers. •
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the gentleman from
■Florida yield to me for a moment? I desire to
make a report to the House.
Mr. PENNIMAN. I rise to a question of
order. There is no quorum in the House to pass
bills.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
The title of the bill was then read as follows:
Senate bill (No. 75) entitled " A bill to revive
' and continue in force for a limited time the pro-
' visions of the act relative to suspended entries of
' public lands."
Mr. KING, of New York. I object.
The bill was read through for information.
Mr. CABELL. I move a suspension of the
rules for the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. ORR. The engrossing clerks assure us
that they have just as much as they can possibly
complete by twelve o'clock, and if the bill be
passed 
Mr. CABELL. I will employ a clerk myself
to have it engrossed.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I call the gen-
tleman from South Carolina to order. This is a
bill of public importance.
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickjns, its Secretary,
notifying the House that that body had passed,
without amendment, the bill of the House (No.
270) " for the relief of Jacob Shade, jr.," and had
agretd to the amendment of the House to their
6th and 9th amendments to the bill of the House
(No. 333) " making appropriations for the current
' and contingent expenses of the Indian Depart-
' ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
'various Indian tribes for the year ending June
« 30, 1854 ]
The question was then put on the motion to
■uspend the rules, and on a division, there were—
ayes 60 
Mr. ORR. I would ask the gentleman from
Florida not to press his motion, if he does, we
will find ourselves without a quorum, and we can-
not then take a recess.
Mr. CABELL. I demand tellers on the ques-
tion.
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman yield for a mo-
tion that we take a recess?
Mr. CABELL. I yield for that purpose if,
when we again meet, I shall be entitled to the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House take a re-
cess until ten o'clock.
Mr. STANLY. I trust that I may be allowed
J to introduce a resolution to pay the clerk of the
j Committee on Ways and Means. Itneeds no en-
! grossing.
! The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot entertain
j the motion of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina.
Mr. ORR. I will yield to the gentleman for
the introduction of his resolution.
Mr. STANLY. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the House to the acting clerk on the Committee on Ways
and Means, the usual compensation allowed at the close of
the first session of the Thirty-seeond Congress, by resolu-
tion of said House of the 31st of August, 1850.
Mr. OLDS. I wish to move an amendment, j
Objection was made to the amendment as well
as the resolution and then j
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Orr, and it was agreed to.
i And the House thereupon took a recess until ten
, o'clock.
MORNING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at ten o'clock,
a. m.
SUSPENDED ENTRIES.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of a motion submitted by the
gentleman from Florida, for the suspension of the
rules that a bill to revive and continue in force, for
a limited time, the provisions of an act relative to
suspended entries of public lands, may be taken
up and put on its passage.
Mr. CABELL. It was suggested before the
House took a recess, that the bill could not be en-
grossed in time. It has been engrossed, and if
gentlemen will examine it, they will see that it is
one to which there can be no sort of objection.
On motion by Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, by
unanimous consent,
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the flies of the House of the petitions of citizens of Missis-
sippi, relative to the removal of the land office from Au-
gusta.
On motion by Mr. ORR, by unanimous consent,
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal froin
the files of the House of the papers in the case of Elizabeth
Branch.
On motion by Mr. CHANDLER, by unani-
mous consent,
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers in the case of Richard
W. Meade.
On motion by Mr: KUHNS, by unanimous
consent,
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers in the case of Margaret
Allen.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
make a personal explanation. 1 see that some re-
marks made in a moment of pleasantry between
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Briggs] and
myself, look grave on paper, and might be mis-
construed. So far as they refer to my colleague,
[Mr. Chandler,] I merely desire to say, that
they were not intended in any way to disparage
his conduct or his pereonal behavior, and so far
from any unfriendly relationsexisting between us,
as far as I am concerned, they are of the most
kindly character. I thought it proper to make
this explanation, because it is more than probable
that hereafter I shall never meet any member here
or elsewhere officially, and I desire to part with no
unfriendly feeling towards any of them.
Mr. CABELL. I ask the House to acton my
proposition.
Mr. KING, of New York. I withdraw my
opposition to the gentleman's bill.
Mr. CABELL. I withdraw my motion,then,
for the supension of the rules.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and then ordered to be read a third time; and
i it was, according to order, read a third time.
' Mr. CABELL. I demand the previous ques-
tion on its passage.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
j The bill was then passed.
ROTATION IN OFFICE.
< Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to oc-
cupy the time of the House for a few moments.
It is manifest to all that there is a very great exu-
berance of patriotism in the country at this time,
and for fear that there may be too great an accu-
mulation at any particular point, I propose to sub-
mit the following resolutions, by way of suggest-
ing a mode for its diffusion:
Resolved, That rotation in office, in the opinion of this
House, is one of the cardinal tenets of a Republican form
of Government, and ought never to be violated under any
pretense whatever, and should be practiced upon by all Ad-
ministrations, regardless of their parly names.
Resolved, That eight years, in the opinion of this House,
is the longest term any individual ought to be permitted to
remain in office whose appointment is conferred upon the
President of the United States and the heads of Depart-
ments, either by the Constitution or by the law.
Resolved, That in the opinion of this House, the appoint-
ment of persons to office should be made upon the basis of
representation from the several States in the Congress of
the United States; that is to say, the whole number of per-
j sons appointed to office should be divided by ihe whole
number of Representatives, giving to each Congressional
, district in the Union its fair ratio of offices under the Fed-
eral Government.
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this House, any Con-
gressional district in the Union is more than competent to
furnish its full quota of officers, upon the principle as laid
down in the foregoing resolutions, who would be honest,
capable, and faithful to the Constitution of the United States.
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this House, immediately
after all the offices shall be filled, upon the principle as laid
down in these resolutions, the President and Heads of De-
partments should divide the whole number of Congressional
districts into four equal divisions, or as nearly as may be
practicable, classifying them one, two, three, and four. The
officers belonging to the first district falling into the first
class shall be vacated at the expiration of eight years; those
falling into the second class shall be vacated at the expira-
tion of six years; those falling into the third class shall he
vacated at the expiration of four years ; those tailing into
the fourth class shall be vacated at the expiration of two
years, so that one fourth of the whole number of officers
thus appointed would be retiring from office every two
years, and a new set coming in to fill the vacancies thus
occasioned.
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this House, in the se-
lection of individuals to fill the offices under the Federal
Government, due regard should be had to the farmers and
mechanics of the country, so as to give tliem their propor-
tion of said offices.
Resolved, That, in the opinion of this House, the people,
the principles of the Constitution, the spirit of the times,
and justice, all demand at the hands of the Pre-identand
Heads of Departments, so soon as may be practicable, to
carry into full and fair effect the principles and doctrines
laid down in the foregoing resolutions.
Mr. DEAN. 1 object to the reception of those
resolutions.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Those are
good—excellent resolutions.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move a suspension of the
rules for their introduction.
Mr. TAYLOR. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, and there were—ayes 45 
Mr. JOHNSON. I would beg of the gentle-
man from New York to withdraw his objection.
These resolutions are the mere expression of opin-
ion.
Mr. DEAN. The gentleman's resolutions will
apnear on the Journal, and I object at this time to
their adoption.
ERRONEOUS LOCATIONS.
Mr. HENN. I move, with the unanimous con-
sent of the House, to take up Senate bill No. 399,
entitled " An act to authorize the correction of er-
roneous locations of military bounty land war-
rants by actual settlers on the public lands in cer-
tain cases."
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and ordered to be read a third time; and it
was, according to order, read the third time, and
RESERVED LANDS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. HOUSTON. I havenotasked the House
to take up a private bill this session; but I would
