1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1165
like now to have taken up and put on its passage
Senate bill No. 1-3, entitled "An act authorizing
the sale of certain reserved lands in Alabama."
The bill having been read a first and second
time, was ordered to a third reading, and having
been read the third time, it was subsequently
passed.
joseph corderey.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I send up a
bill to the Clerk's desk which I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to present. It is per-
haps the last ease I shall present to the House. It
is a resolution (No. 19 from the Senate) for the
relief of the heirs of Joseph Corderey. In regard
tn this bill I wish to state to the House that it has
been adjudicated by a commission, but rejected in
consequence of the fact that there is a stipulation
in the treaty that any one receiving a reservation
shall be the head of the family. This Indian,
whose name is Joseph Corderey, had his claim
reieeted in consequence of the fact that his wife
wns a white woman. They consequently decided
that he was not the head of an Indian family.
The effect of this construction is, that he will be
only allowed at the rate of the value of the land
unimproved in 1835. I ask that the bill may be
passed, as it is the last case of the kind I shall
ever present upon this floor.   i
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. What is
the value of the land?
Mr. JOHNSON. They have got the value of
the land, but they reject that. The bill passed
after a full discussion in the Senate, and we know
that there is no chance for amendment now. No
injustice will be done to the United States, and I
ask permission of the House to pass the bill. It
will take but a short time to pass it.
The bill having been read the first and second
time, it was ordered to a third reading, and having
been read the third time, it was passed.
maria taylor.
Mr. LANDRY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up Semite bill (No. 286) for
the relief of Maria Taylor. The bill explains
itself.
The bill having been read the first and second
time, was ordered to a third reading, and having
been read the third time, it was subsequently
passed.
duplicate land warrants.
Mr. ALLEN, of Massachusetts. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 301, entitled " An act to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to issue duplicate land
warrants in certain cases." The bill contains no
appropriation, but simply gives authority to issue
to a woman a duplicate land warrant in the room
of one that is lost. The bill is very short, and 1
ask that it be read for information.
Mr. DUNHAM. What the gentleman asks
can be done at the Department.
Mr. ALLEN. No, sir. They have refused
to grant a duplicate warrant.
Mr. DUNHAM. I object to the introduction
of the bill.
Mr. ALLEN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended for that purpose.
The question was taken, and there were 58 in
the affimative, noes not counted.
~ So the rules were not suspended, two thirds not
voting in the affirmative.
emilie hooe.
Mr. SIBLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce Senate bill No. 395,
for the relief of Emilie Hooe. If the report is read,
I am sure that there can be no objection made to
its passage.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object.
Mr. SIBLEY. I move to suspend the rules for
that purpose, and I demand tellers upon that mo-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Robbins and
Dean were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 41, noes not counted.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds not
voting in the affirmative.
Mr. DANIEL. I ask leave to introduce the
following resolution:
Retolved, That the President be requested to cause to be
transmitted to this House a copy of the report made by the
First Comptroller to the Secretary of the Treasury in the
case of Charles F. Sihhalii, in July, 1S51, and that the Clerk
of tins House, when the same shall have been received,
cause it to be printed with the Executive documents of the
present session of Congress.
Mr. DANIEL. It is a claim for two millions
and odd dollars. I want to get that report where
it will be accessible to members of the House.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
agreed to.
william a. christian.
Mr. CASK1E. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up Senate bill No. 162, for
the relief of William A. Christian. It is a most
meritorious claim. I will not say anything about
it. I will leave the explanation of it to the chair-
man of the Committee on Claims, who is pre-
pared with a unanimous report in its favor.
Mr. ALLEN, of Massachusetts. 1 object.
Mr. CASK1E. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. DANIEL. I believe it ought to pass. It
is to pay back money improperly paid by certain
officers under the orders of the Secretary of the
Treasury, when it was afterwards found that the
Secretary was wrong. By virtue of a certain law
which was passed he would not allow what they
had paid him. The committee recommend the
passage of the bill.
Mr. CASKIE. It is to pay back to a man :
money of his own from the Treasury. I move to i
suspend the rules. j
The question was taken, and there were—ayes
71, noes not counted.
Mr. HENDRICKS demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Molony and Penn
were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 51, noes not counted.
So the rules were not suspended.
widow of charles andrews.
Mr. REED. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives be directed to pay out of the contingent fund of the
House to the widow of Charles Andrews, late a member of
this House, a sum equal to the amount paid for funeral ex-
penses of members who have died during the present Con-
gress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that
resolution.
Mr. REED. I move a suspension of the
rules.
The question was taken, and there were—ayes
65, noes not counted.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds not
voting in the affirmative.
j. boyd.
Mr. PENN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up Senate bill No. 351, entitled
" An act for the relief of J. Boyd, of Louisiana."
Mr. ALLEN, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. PENN. I move to suspend the rules to
I enable the bill to be taken up.
[ The question was taken, and (two thirds not
voting in favor thereof) the rules were not sus-
pended.
james w. lowe.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take up Senate bill
(No. 119) " for the relief of James W. Lowe.'
It is decidedly the most meritorious claim that I
ever saw, and if the House will hear me for only
one moment, and if they do not agree with me,
then I will withdraw my request.
[Cries of" Order! "] ...
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object.
Mr. FULLER. I move to suspend the rules.
The question was put, and (two thirds not
voting in favor thereof) the rules were not sus-
! PeMr.dMcLANAHAN obtained the floor.
'I Mr. HART. I have not been assigned the
floor this session, though I have asked for it at
| \ least fifty times.
[Loud cries of "Order!" "Order! 1
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is not in order.
mary e. d. blaney.
Mr. McLANAHAN. i ask the unanimous
i consentof the House to take up from the Speaker s
table Senate bill (No. 359) " for the relief of Mary
E. D. Blaney, widow of the late Major George
Blaney." It is a bill of only four lines.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Mary E. D. Blaney, the
sum of $1,146 68, being for interest on money
belonging to her, and withheld by an erroneous
decision of the officers of the Government.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I object.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I move to suspend the
rules, and if the House will hear me for one mo-
ment 
[Loud shouts of "No!" " No !"and " Order!"]
Mr. McLANAHAN. Well, sir, I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. RoBBiNs,and
Johnson of Arkansas, were appointed.
The question was then put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 52; not two thirds of a quorum.
So the rules were not suspended.
edwin lord and francis bacon.
Mr. HART. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up Senate bill (No. 479) for the
relief of Edwin Lord and Francis Bacon.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania 1 object.
Mr. HART. I appeal to the gentleman to with-
draw his objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. HART. I move to suspend the rules to
enable that bill to be taken up; and upon that I
demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hall and
Dimmick were appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 48; not two thirds of a quorum.
So the rules were not suspended.
enrolled bills.
Mr. ROBIE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled the fol-
lowing bill; which thereupon received the signature
of the Speaker, viz: "An act making appropria-
' tions for the current and contingent expenses of
• the Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty
' stipulations with the various Indian tribes for the
• year ending June 30, 1854."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that a
message be sent to the Senate, informing that body
that the House has disposed of its business, and
is ready to adjourn.
[Shouts of" No!" "No!" and "Not yet!"
Mr. ORR. Have all the appropriation bills
been signed ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. No, sir. It ia
too soon to adopt that resolution.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw the motion for the
present.
military reserve in chicago.
Mr. MOLONY. I hold in my hand a little bill
which has unanimously passed the Committee on
Military Affairs with referencce to a lot of land
upon the military reserve at the city of Chicago,
Illinois. If the House will hear the bill read, I
feel confident that it will pass unanimously.
The Clerk read the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that
bill. , ,
Mr. MOLONY. I move that the rules be sus-
pended.
The question was then taken, and (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof) the rules were not sus-
pended.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to enable me to make a report
from the Committee on Military Affairs, that it
may be laid upon the table and printed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I have
twenty such reports. ....
Mr. MOLONY. I object. I shall object to
everything from this time forth.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move that the rules be
suspended to enable me to make the report.
The question was put, and (two thirds not voting
in favor thereof) the rules were not suspended.
enrolled bills.
Mr. ROBIE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions; which thereupon
severally received the signature of the Speaker:
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Walter Col ton; .
An act to authorize the correction of erroneous
locations of military bounty land warrants by
actual settlers on the public lands in certain btates;
And act to revive and continue in force for a
limited time the provisions of an act relative to
suspended entries of public lauds;
An act authorizing the sale of certain reserved
lands in the State of Alabama ;
