1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1167
granted, hut it treats the claim of the soldier for
services in war the same as it would property or
rights of any other kind. It provides that on the
death of the officer or soldier, his rights shall de-
scend to the benefit, first of the widow; second, his
child; third, mother; fourth, father; and fifth,
brothers and sisters, &e.
There is another section of the bill that provides
for pay of widows of pensioners of a certain class
for two years, from 1841 to 1843; and for which
Congress failed to provide; but it brings in no new
class. It seems to me all must and will admit
that the provisions of this bill are right and just.
Then why not pass it? We have the power, the
time,—and our constituents as well as our hearts
and consciences approve the act. Let us will and
act accordingly before this Congress adjourns, and
we shall have the entire satisfaction of feeling that
we have, each of us, contributed in some degree
to make thousands of men, women, and children
more happy and comfortable. If the House re-
fuses to act upon the bill it shall not be my fault.
Objection was made, and the bill was not intro-
duced.
stansbury's report.
Mr. GORMAN. I rise to a privileged motion.
I am instructed by the Committee on Printing to
report the following resolution:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of Stansbury's re-
port of the survey of the Salt Lake, submitted to the Senate,
be printed for the use of the House.
Mr. STANLY. That " Salt lake" sounds too
much like " Salt river." [Laughter.] I hope the
resolution will not be adopted.
Mr. ORR. I desire to know how much these
books will cost before 1 vote for the resolution.
Mr. GORMAN. The composition will cost
forty-four cents, the binding twelve and a half
cents, and the paper, you all know, is furnished
by the Government.
[Cries of " Question!" " Question !"]
Mr. GORMAN. I move the previous question
upon the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
adopted.
Mr. GORMAN. I move to reconsider the vote
last taken, by which the resolution was adopted,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion was
agreed to.
committee to wait upon the president.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I movethe follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed upon the part of
this House, to be joined by a committee upon the part of the
Senate, to wait upon the President of the United States and
notify him that, unless he may have further communica-
tion^ to make, the two Houses of Congress, having deposed
of the business before Uiem, are ready to close the present I
session by an adjournment. I
Mr. Speaker, before the question is put upon
the adoption of this resolution, I desire to state that
there is upon the Speaker's table the annual re- '
port of the Secretary of the Treasury in relation
to the banks of the country, which is made in
pursuance of the requirements of law, and 1 ask ,
that it may be taken up, laid upon the table, and j
ordered to be printed.
There was no objection, and the Speaker laid
before the House a communication from the Treas-
ury Department, giving an exhibitof thecondition
of the banks of the country.
Also, a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, transmitting exhibits showing the num-
ber of clerks employed in the several offices in that
Department, the sum paid to each during the year
1852, and the State or Territory of their residence
at the time of their appointment, as required by
the act of 26th August, 1842, and stating that they
had generally been usefully employed and efficient
in the discharge of their duties. Also, transmit-
ting a similar statement from the heads of the sev-
eral bureaus of that Department.
The communications were laid on the table and
ordered to be printed.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of Mr. Jones's resolution.
Mr. EVANS. I have a resolution which I de-
sire to offer before the resolution now pending is
adopted. As I am informed, it takes no extra
money from the Treasury, but merely insures to
a faithful officer of the House what he heretofore i
has had, I will say no more in relation to it, but
will send the resolution to the Cleik's desk, and
ask to have it read.
The SPEAKER. There is another resolution
already pending, which must be disposed of before
the gentleman from Maryland can offer his.
Mr. EVANS. The resolution of the gentleman
from Tennessee, as 1 understand, is to close the
business for the session. I desire to offer my
resolution before that is adopted.
Several Members. That resolution does not
close the business of the session.
Mr. EVANS. 1 desire to have my resolution
read, and 1 am sure there will be no objection to it.
It was read by the Clerk, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk be directed to pay out of the
contingent fund of the House, to James J. Randolph, a sal-
ary ot per annum, troin the commencement of the
prei-ent Congress, aud until otherwise ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. That
salary was raised at the last session oj Congress.
Mr. EVANS. This is only to pay him what
he has heretofore received.
Mr. HOWARD. I desire of the Speaker to
know what will be the effect of the resolution of
the gentleman from Tennessee? Will it preclude
the House from the transaction of any further
business ?
The SPEAKER, It will, in the opinion of the
Chair.
Mr. EVANS. Then I insist upon the vote
being taken upon my resolution now.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state in reply
to the gentleman from Maryland, that in his opin-
ion it is in the power of the House to close its
business at any time, and to inform the Senate
and the President of the fact; he therefore decides
that the resolution of the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Jones] is in order and takes precedence
of the resolution of the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Evans.]
Mr.STANLY. Supposethe House had passed
the resolution of the gentleman from Tennessee a
week ago ?
The SPEAKER. The House had that right, in
the opinion of the Chair, and no further business
could have been transacted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will refer the
Chair to the Journal of the 3d March, 1849, from
which it appears that some business was trans-
acted after the adoption of a resolution similar to
the one the gentleman from Tennessee has now
offered. The record is, that upon that occasion
there was business transacted amounting to several
pages of the Journal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is aware that
business has sometimes been transacted after the
passage of such a resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. We are not precluded from
the transaction until we receive a response from ]
the President. |
The question was then taken, and Mr. Jones's |
resolution was adopted; and the Speaker appointed ;
Messrs. Jones of Tennessee, Haven, and John- j
son of Arkansas as the committee upon the part
of the House.
Mr. EVANS. I now ask leave to offer my
resolution.
Mr. SKELTON. I object.
Mr. EVANS. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Upon that motion
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I will not take
up the time of the House at this late hour of the
session by a call of the yeas and nays. I with-
draw the resolution.
A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, notifying the House
that he did, on this day, approve and sign several
bills and joint resolutions. ,
enrolled bill.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled j
Bills, reported that the committee had examined 1
and found truly enrolled a bill of the following
title; which received the signature of the Speaker:
An act making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1854.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by the hands of M P.
Fillmore, his Private Secretary, informing the
House that he had signed the bill of the House
(No. 337) making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
fiscal year ending the 3Uth June, 1854.J
Mr. HART. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer a resolution.
Mr. EVANS. I offered a resolution and moved
to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood that
the gentleman withdrew it.
Mr. EVANS. 1 offered it, and it was objected
to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I objected to the
resolution. It was to make it a permanent office
of this House, independent of the appointing
power here.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Maryland to withdraw his reso-
lution.
Mr. EVANS. I moved to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. But the yeas and nays were
ordered upon that motion, and the gentleman
withdrew his resolution, and the gentleman from
New York was recognized.
Mr. HART. I ask leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resoleed, That five thousand eitra copies of the report
made on the subject of the reciprocal tr.ide with Hie Brit-
ish North American Colonies be printed for the useol this
House.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. 1 object.
Mr. HART. Then 1 move to suspend the
rules, to enable me to offer it.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to, two thirds of a quorum not voting in
favor thereof.
Mr. FICKLIN. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. This is private bill day. [Laughter.] I
move that the House resolve itself into a Commit-
tee of the Whole House upon the Private Calen-
dar; and upon that I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
Mr. FITCH. I rise to a privileged question.
I move that the House proceed to the business
upon the Speaker's table. I believe that is more
highly a question of privilege than that of the gen-
tleman from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Illinois takes precedence of the motion sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move that
the House do now adjourn. That motion takes
precedence of both the others, and upon that 1 ask
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON. 1 withdraw the motion.
Mr. HART. As there seems to be no disposi-
tion to do any more business, I move that the
House take a recess for five minutes.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I move to amend
by making it six minutes.
A Member. Yeas and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HART. I withdraw the motion.
The SPEAKER. As it is evidently too late for
legislation, will the House indulge the Chair in a
suggestion, that it will be well for the House to re-
main quiet until we learn what the other House de-
sire in regard to adjournment? The Chair hopes
that he will, at least, be excused for making the
suggestion.
Mr. BOWIE. Does not the constitutional term
of this Congress expire at twelve o'clock?
The SPEAKER. Itdoes, in the opinion of the
Chair.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I will simply
remark, in reply to the remarks of the gentleman
from Maryland, that as ten minutes is usually al-
lowed for variation of time, if there is any cere-
mony of respect due to the President of the United
States, I presume the House will waitten minutes.
Mr. PRICE. There is a Senate bill No. 340,
which 
[Cries of " Order!" " Order!" " No !" " No !"]
Mr. PRICE. Which involves only the amount
ofwenty d to be saot rllpaid to an old soldier who
paid that sum for traveling expenses in returning
from the Mexican war.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!" "I object!"]
Mr. PRICE. Then I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to take up that bill.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to, two thirds of a quorum not voting in
favor thereof; when
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers upon the
motion.
