THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D- C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 7, 1854.
New Series....No. 1.
Thisisthefirstnumberofthe Congressional Globe for the
second session of the Thirty-Third Congress. It will con-
tain all the Proceedings of Congress, except such speeches
as may be withheld by Members several days for revision,
which will be printed in the Appendix, with the Message
of the President of the United Slates and the Reports of
the Executive Departments. All the Laws that inay be
passed during the session will be published in the same
form, so that they may be bound up with the Congressional
Globe and Appendix.
Subscription price of the Congressional Globe and Ap-
pendix and the Laws for this session., (payable in advance.)
$3 00.
THIRTY-THIRD CONGRESS.
SECOND SESSION.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 4, 1854.
This being the first Monday of December, the
day set apart by the Constitution for the annual
meeting of Congress, the Senators assembled in
the Senate Chamber at twelve o'clock, m. The
following Senators were present: From the State
°f
Maine.—Hon. Hannibal Hamlin.
Vermont—Hon. Lawrence Bramerd and Hon.
Solomon Foot.
Massachusetts—Hon. Julius Rockwell * anil Hon.
Charles Sumner.
Rhode Island—Hon. Philip Allen and Hon.
Charles T. James.
Connecticut—Hon. Francis Gillette and Hon.
Isaac Toucey.
JYeiu York— Hon. Hamilton Fish anil Hon.
"William H. Seward.
Pennsylvania — Hon. Richard Brodhewl-and
Hon. James Cooper.
Delaware—Hon. James A, Bayard.
Virginia—Hon. R. M. T. Hunter and Hon.
James M. Mason.
South Carolina—Hon. Andrew P. Butler and
Hon. Josiah J. Evans.
Georgia—Hon. William C. Dawson.
Jilabmna—Hon. Clement C. Cky,jr.,and Hon.
Benjamin FUzpatrick.
Mississippi—Hon. Stephen Adarr^s and, Hon
Albert G. Brown.
Louisiana—Hon. John Slidell,
Missouri—Hon. Henry S. Qeyer.
Tennessee—Hon. James C. Jones.
Kentucky—¥lon. John B. Thompson-.
Ohio—lion. Salmon P. Chase and Hon. Ben
jamin F. Wade.
Indiana—Hon. Jesse D. Bright anil Hon. John
Pettit.
Illinois—Hon. James Shields.
Michigan—Hon. Lewis Cass and Hon. Charles
E. Stuart.
Wisconsin—Hon. Henry Dodge.
Iowa—Hon. Augustus C. Dodge and Hon.
George W. Jones.
California—Hon. John B. Weller.
At half past twelve o'clock, m., the Secretary
called the Senate to order.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The SECRETARY. With the permission of
the Senate, I will read a letter addressed to me by
the Hon. Mr. Atchison:
Platte City, November 11, 1854.
Dear Sir: It will not be in my power to r«m"h Wash-
ington before the second or third week in December. \ou
will please announce this fact to*the Senate at its meeting,
that they may proceed to the election of a presiding oflicei
Your obedient servant,
DAVfD Ti. ATCHISON.
Asbury Dickens, Esq., Sccn-etarxj of the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Secretary, X move that,
by general cqnsent, General Cass, of Michigan,
be requested to"act as Presidentyro tempore for to-
day.
The Secretary put the question on the motion,
and it was unanimously agreed to.
Mr. CASS (on taking the chair, to which he
was conducted by Mr. Honter) said: In assist-
*By Executive appointment io the place of Hon. Edw ard
Everett.
nig,gentlemen of the Senate, at your organization,
I hold this seat to-day, but I can hold it no longer,
as I do not feel competent to preside over the de-
liberations of the Senate.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. FOOT presented the credentials of the Hon.
Lawrence Bkaineuu, chosen by the Legislature
of Vermont, a Senator from that State for the
unexpired term of the Hon. William Upiiam,
deceased.
The credentials were read; and the oath pre-
scribed by law having been administered to Mr.
Bkainerd, he took his seat in the Senate.
RECONSIDERATION OP A VOTE.
Mr. I*ETTIT. I have a motion to make which
I wish to have entered on the Journal to-day. I
will not press it now, but I deem it of importance
to make it at the earliest hour. It is a motion to
reconsider a vote taken on the last business day
of tlie late session, on the passage of House bill
for the relief of Enoch S. More. I ask that the
motion be entered on the Journal foy future con-
sideration. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be so
entered.
NOTIFICATION OF ORGANIZATION.
Mr. BRODHEAD submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Ordered, That ihe Secretary inform the House of Kcp-
resentativi'.i !h.'U a quorum m' the Senate bus assembled,
and that ill.) Hon. f.i:\vis Cau lu-s been chosen President
ot the Senate pro tempore lor ihi-. day.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I offer another resolution:
Ordered, That the Hccrctiuy wait on the President of the
United states and mtbrm him that the Senate have chosen
the llon.huwts Cass Provident of the,'ienate yrotcmpw.
Mr. MASON. 1 do not know whether that is
according to usage—whether it is necessary to
inform the President of tlmt fact. The House of
Representatives always inform the President when
they have chosen a Speaker at every new Congress;
but i am not aware of any tistige of the Senate to
inform him that we have chosen a President pro
tempore in the absence of a Vice President. Unless
the honorable Senator who moves the resolution
knows such to be the custom, or has looked into
the subject, I should prefer not to adopt this
course.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have been informed that
such a resolution is usual; that it is proper, and
according to custom, that the President of the
United States should know who is the Presiding
Officer of this body. I should, properly, have
made the resolution read, "President of the Sen-
ate pro tempore for this day;" and if the Secretary
will add the words " for this day " to the resolu-
tion, it will be risjht. I so modify it.
The PRESIDENTpi-o tempore. I understand,
on inquiry of the Secretary, that this proceeding
has been usual under these circumstances. It has
been customary to announce to the President of
the United States the election of a temporary pre-
siding officer.
The resolution, aa modified, was agreed to.
ORGANIZATION OF THE TWO HOUSES.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
linoli'C'U That a committee of three be appointed by the
President pro tempore of the Somite, jointly with a com-
mittee to be appointed by the flou^e ot Representatives, to
w.ut on the President of the United States, and mtorm him
that a quorum of each IIou^o has assembled, and that
Congress is ready to receive any communication he may
be pleased to make.
Mr. Dodge, of Iowa, Mr. Dawson, and Mr.
Toucey were appointed the committee.
A message was subsequently received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their
Clerk:
Mr. President: I am directed to inform tho Senate that
a quotum of the IIouso of Representatives has assembled,
and that the House of Representatives aie readyto proceed
to business.
The House of Representatives haveadopted a resolution
for the appointment of a committee, jointly with the com-
mittee appointed on the part of the Senate, to wait on the
President of the United States, and iniorm lam that a quo-
rum of each House has assembled, and that Congress is
ready to receive any communication he m^y_be pleased to
make; and have appointed Mr. George W. Jones, Mr.
Solojion G. Haven, and Mr. Thomas JEl. Bayly the com-
mittee on the part of the House.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BRODHEAD gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill further to extend
the provisions of the bounty land law.
RESOLUTION SUBMITTED.
Mr. BRODHEAD submitted the following res-
olution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inquire into llio expediency of providing by law lor trie
better security of hie and property on board ot sea-going
steam and other vessels.
He gave notice that he should call up the res-
olution for action as soon as the committees should
be organised.
HOUR OF MEETING.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the daily hour of meeting of the Senate
be twelve o'clock, m., until otherwise ordered.
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee
appointed to wait upon the President of the United
States and advise him of the organization of the
two Houses of Congress, reported that they had
discharged the duty assigned to them, and were
informed by the President that he would immedi-
ately communicatee writing with thetwo Houses.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of Sidney Wei-
■ster, Eiq., bis Private Secretary; which iyas
read. [See Message in the Appendix.]
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the u<mal number of the Message and ac-
compauyinj* documents be punted for the use ot the Senate.
Ordered* That ten thousand copies oi the Message and
accompanyingdocumcntsMti addition to the usual number,
be printed for the use of the Senate.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 4, 1854.
At twelve o'clock the Speaker called the House
to order.
Prayer by the Rev. AV!!.iiA"i H. Milburn,
Chaplain of the House.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll for
the purpose of ascertaining if there was a quorum
present, when the following gentlemen answered,
to their names:
MAINE.
Mo^os Macdonald,
Samuel MayaU,
E. Wilder Farley,
Israel Washburn, jr.,
Thomas J. D. Fuller.
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
George W. Kim-edge,
Ilarry ilibbard.
VERMONT.
James Meaeham,
Andrew Tiacy,
Alvah Sabin.
MASSACHUSETTS.
Thomas T). Eliot,
Samuel L. Crocker,
Sriim.el li. Wnllcy,
William Appleton,
Charles W. Upiiau),
Nathaniel F. Hanks, jr.,
Tappan Wentvvouh,
Alexander Ds Witt,
Edward Dickinson,
John Z. Goodrich.
EHODE ISLAND.
Thomas Davis,
Benjamin B. Thurston.
CONNECTICUT.
James T. Fratt,
Colin M. IngersoII,
Nathan Belcher,
Origen 8. Seymour.
NEW YORK.
Hiram Walbrid??,
William M. Tweed,
John Wheeler,
William A. Walker,
Jared V. Peck,
William Muriav,
Tlieodoric It. Westbrook,
Isaac Teller,
Itusse.il f?agc,
Rufus W. Peckham,
George A. Simmons,
Kis-hop I'ei kins,
I'cter Rowe,
George W". Chase,
Orsamus B. Matteaon,
Hemv Bennett,
Daniel T. Jones,
Edwin 13. Morgan,
Andrew Oliver,
John J. Taylor,
George Hastings,
Davis Carpenter,
Benjamin Pringle,
Thomas T. Flagler,
Solomon G- Haven,
Reuben E. Penton.
NEW JEESEY.
Nathan T. Stratton, i
Charles Skelton,  
Samuel Lilly,
" George Vail,
Alex. C. M. Pennington.
PENNSYLVANIA.
Thomas E. Florence,
