1854.
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. It will be competent for the
House, by a vote, to postpone the consideration
of the bil! upon which the vote is founded. But
the more regular way would be to have the veto
message read, as it has never yet been read to the
House.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. It is the
same message that was read at the close of last
session.
The SPEAKER. It was not read then.
Mr. WENTWORTH. It certainly was read
from the Speaker's desk, although there was no
quorum present at the time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mistaken,
as the message has never been read from the desk.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Then I certainly will
make no objection to its being read.
The veto message of the last session (which has
heretofore been published in all the papers) upon
the bill making appropriations for the improve-
ment of harbors and rivers, was then read by the
Clerk.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move that (he mes-
sage be referred to the Committee on Commerce
and be printed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would inquire whether
the motion to postpone the further consideration
of this subject does not take precedence of the
motion made by the gentleman from Illinois?
The SPEAKER. The pending question is,
"Shall the bill pass, the President's objection to
the same notwithstanding?" A motion is made
that the consideration of the bill be postponed
until Wednesday next, and the Chair thinks it will
take precedence of the motion made by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. wentworth. i
Mr. WENTWORTH. If it is a question of
precedence merely, I have nothing to say.
The question was then taken on Mr. clino
man's motion; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—ayes 120, noes not counted.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I now m«ve that the
message be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and that it be printed.
The SPEAKER. The consideration of the
matter has already been postponed until Wednes-
day, and a motion to refer it is not in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I want the message
printed, so that we may have it before us when
we come to act upon it.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the House
to order the message to be printed, but the con-
sideration of it having been postponed, you not
only cannot consider the passage of the bill, but
cannot move to refer it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Then I simply move
that the message be printed.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 object.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it not competent for the
gentleman from Illinois to move that the message
be printed ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is in
order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I make that motion;
and I demand the previous question upon it.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. W ENTwomii; and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that ten thou-
sand extra copies be printed.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. H. I make the motion in order that it
may go to the Committee on Printing under the
rule.
The SPEAKER. The motion will go, as a
matter of course, to the Committee on Printing;
and it is so ordered.
resolutions.
On motion by Mr. OLDS, it was
Ordered, That leave be jrrameJ to withdraw from the
files of the House tiie petition and papers of Samuel i1.
Yeoman.
On motion by Mr. hibgard, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the petition and papers of £e!a Young,
for tho purpose of reference to one of the Departments.
On motion by Mr. BERNHISEL, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of ihe House the petition and papers of Dimick B.
Huntington, for the purpose of reference to one of the
Departments.
On motion by Mr. HARLAN, of-Indiana, it was
Ord'rvd, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the petition and papers of Colonel Ben-
jamin Sayre, for the purpose of refiireaee 10 one of the
Departments.
homestead bill.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. Speaker, I wish to give
notice that, when the House proceeds to the con-
sideration of the business on the Speaker's table,
and shall reach the bill commonly known as the
homestead bill, ! shall offer a substitute, embody-
ing the provisions of the original bill, with but
slight alterations, which 1 have prepared in lieu of
the one sent us from the Senate. 1 now ask that
it may be ordered to be printed for the information
of the House.
There was no objection; and Mr. dawson's
substitute was ordered to be printed.
territorial bills.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon, by unanimous consent,
introduced bills; which were severally read a first
and second time by their titles, as follows, and
referred as indicated:
A bilL making an appropriation for completing
the public buildings of Oregon Territory—Com-
mittee on Territories.
A bill for the construction of a military road in
Oregon Territory—Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
A bill regulating the location of bounty land
warrants in Oregon Territory—Committee on the
Public Lands. '
A bill to provide for the allowance of invalid
pensions to certain volunteers in the Indian wars
in Oregon Territory—Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. BERNHISEL, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Utah to continue
their session for a term not exceeding Pivty days instead of
forty days as heretofore provided; and that said committee
shall report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. BERNHISEL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution; which was read a
first and second time by its title, as follows, and
referred to the Committee on Territories:
Joint resolution for the relief of John L. Smith
and James McG-aw.
MINISTER TO FRANCE.
Mr. INGERSOLL asked unanimous consent
for leave to introduce the following resolution;
which was read for information:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to tho House, if not inconsistent
with tho public interest, any correspondence which may
have taken place with the French Government in reference
to the refusal to permit the Minister of the United States to
Spain to pa=.<i through the teriitory of France.
Mr. PECK. I object to the introduction of the
resolution.
PENSIONS.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I move that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union be discharged from the further considera-
tion of House bill (No. 540) granting; pensions
to all persons engaged in the war of 1812, and In-
dian wars prior thereto, and to their widows, with
a view to make it the special order of the day for
the third Monday of January next.
Mr. ORR. I object.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move to suspend
the rules for the purpose which I have indicated.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to suspend the rules.
president's message.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, the
joint committee appointed by the two Houses to
wait on the President of the United States, and to
inform him that a quorum of each House was as-
sembled, and ready to receive any communication
that he may please to make, have discharged that
duty, and the President has requested them to in-
form their respective Houses, that he would at
once communicate to them a message in writing.
BOUNTY AND PENSION LAWS.
Mr. READY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill; which was read a first and second
time by its title, as follows, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions:
A bill to extend the provisions of the bounty
land and pension laws of the United States.
resolutions.
The SPEAKER proceeded to call on mem-
bers by States for resolutions.
When the State of Connecticut was called—
Mr. INGERSOLL said: 1 wish to ask the
Chair whether 1 can submit the resolution for
which I asked the consent of the House just now,
aud have it acted upon ?
The SPEAKER. It must go over under the
rule, if objected to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I will not offjer it.
dutv on coals.
When the State of New York was called—
Mr. WALBIilDGE offered the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to bring in- a bill removing the present duty on
foreign coals so that the same shall be admitted duty free.
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I propose to
debate that resolution.
The SPEAKER. It must then go over under
the rule.
soldiers of the war OF 1812.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution pro-
viding for making the bill of the House (No. 56)
providing for extending the provisions of the
bounty land laws to the soldiers of the war of
► 1812, the special order for Tuesday, the 9th day
of January, and to continue as such from day to
day until disposed of.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. It is for the benefit of the
old soldiers of the war of 1812, I hope there will
be no objection.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to offer the resolution.
The question was taken, and (two thirds not
voting in the affirmative) the rules were not sus-
pended.
congress at ostend.
Mr. SOLLERS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States inform
this House, if not incompatible with the public interest,
what was Hie object or objects of the meeting or conference
of the American Ministers at Ostend, arid whether the said
meeiins or conference was in obcdicnce to instructions of
tft<> Secretary of State; what the said instructions were,
aud what was the result of the said meeting or conference.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. SOLLERS. 1 move to suspend the rules
to enable me to submit the resolution, and ask for
the yeas and nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYLY. The resolution is debatable, I *
believe.
The SPEA.KER. It is not even" before the
House. The question is upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules.
The question was taken upon Mr. sollers *s -
motion, and decided In the negative—yeas 73, nays
101; as follows:
i YEAS—Mos.siat. Ball, Bank?, Bennett, Bristow,- Camp-
1 bell, C.'irutbcrs, Chandler, Chase, Corvvin, Cox, Crocker,
Culloni, Do Wilt, Dick, Dickinson, Eastman, Thomas D.
Eliot, Etherulge, ttverhart, Farley, Flagler, Franklin, Good
rich, Goodwin. Giow, Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Haven,
Hiester, Hill, Howe, Hnnf, Korr, Knox, Lindley, McCul-
loch, MayaM, Middleswarth, Morgan, Mordecai Oliver,
P.ukor, iVck, Peekham, Pennington, Bishop Perkins,
Pnnglo, Purvear, Ready, David Ritchie, Holers, Russell,
Snhin, Sage,Sapp, Simmons, Skelton, Boilers, A'exander
II. Stephens, Andrew Stuart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel
G. Taylor, Teller, Tracy, Upbam, Wadf, Walbridge, Wal-
ley, Elhhu B. Was-hburne, Israel Washburn, Tap pan
Wentworth, Wheeler, Yates, and Zollieoffer—73.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Ashe,
David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Barksdale. Barry,
Belcher, Bliss, Bocoek, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges,
Caskie, Chastam, Chrisman, Clark, CJingman, Cobb, Col-
quitt, Cumming. John G. D.hjs, Dawson, Dowdeil, Dun-
bar, Eddy, Edmundson, J<hn M. Elliot, Ellison, English,
Faulkner, Florence, Fuller, Gamble, Goode, Green, Green'
wood, Hamilton, Andrew J. Harlan, Wile}' P. Harris, Hast-
ings, Il'-ndncks, Ilenn, Hibbard, Ililiyer, Houston, Tnger-
soli. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,George W. Jones, J. Glaticy
Jone^, Kittredge, Kurtz, Latham, Lewis, Lilly, Lindiley,
Macdonald, McDougall, McMuIlin, McQ.ueen, Macy, Max-
well, May, Smith Miller, Millson, Murray, Noble, Olds,
Andtew Oliver, Orr, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Pratt,
Reese, Riddle, Thomas Ritchey, Bobbins, Rowe, Seymour,
Shannon, Shower, Singleton, Wiliiam Smith, William 8.
Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
II. Stanton. HestorL. Stevens, Stratton, John J.Taylor,
Thurston, Trout, Vail, Vansant, Walker, Warren, John
Wentworth, Westbrook, Witte,and Hendnck B. Wright—
101. ' ^
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules weje not suspended.
