THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
ASNUAL MESSAGE OF THE PRESIPEMT OF
THE UNITED STATES.
A'message in writing was received from the
President of the United"States, by Sidney Web-
ster, his Private Secretary.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the message be now read?
[Cries of " Read!" " Read !"]
The Clerk then read the Message, which will
be found in the Appendix.
Mr. HOUSTON. I more that the message,
with the accompanying documents, be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and if it is competent for me, as I believe
it is, I will also move that twenty thousand extra
copies be printed. ;•
Mr. BOYCE. I beg to amend by substituting
thirty thousand for twenty thousand.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman from Alabama as including the mo-
tion to print with that to refer ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir; [ believe it is usual
to make the two motions jointly.
A Member. The motion must go to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
The SPEAKER'. It does not necessarily go to
that committee.
The message and accompanying documents
were then referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. Do I understand that the
motion to print has gone to the committee ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that it
is not necessary for it to go there.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 was aware that it was em-
necessary, and therefore made the two motions
together.
The SPEAKER. The Chair misunderstood
the gentleman.
Mr. LILLY. I would inquire what is the
usual number of extra copies ordered to be printed ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Previous to the last session
of Congress, fifteen thousand was the usual num-
ber, but at the last session twenty thousand copies
were ordered.
Mr. BOYCE. I move to amend the motion of
the gentleman from Alabama so as to make the
number thirty thousand.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the amend-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina will
not be adopted; and I move the previous question.
The previous question received a second, and
the mam question was ordered to be put; and
being put, Mr. Boyce's amendment was voted
dov/n. Under the further operation of the previ-
ous question, Mr. Houston's motion was agreed
to.
APPOINTMENT OF STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAVEN". I wish to know if any motion
has been made this morning, that the Chair ap-
point the standing committees?
The SPEAKER. No such motion has been
made.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I submit it now.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion by Mr. SOLLERS, the
House (at twenty minutes past three o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m. "
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 5, 1854.
Hon. James A. Peahce and Hon. Thomas G-.
Pratt, of Maryland, appeared in their seats this
morning.
The Secretary called the Senate to order.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I offer the following
resolution:
, Resolved, That the Senate do proceed forthwith to the
choice of a President pro tempore.
Mr. SEWARD. Before we proceed with this
election, I should like to have the views of Sena-
tors in regard to the effect of the appointment—
whether it is to be an absolute appointment ef a
President pro tempore, and what the tenure of
his office is to be. I wi.l state very freely my own
opinion in going into this election, and it is this:
that there can be but one person at the same time
holding the office of President pro tempore of the
Senate of the United States, and that that person
will hold his office untilit shall again constitution-
ally become vacant; so that in the case of a vacancy
occurring in the office of the President of the
United States, the person now to be chosen to fill
the office of President pro tempore of the Senate
would succeed to that high trust, and become the
Chief Executive Magistrate of the United States.
Mr. PETTIT. That is the way we understand
it.
Mr. SEWARD. Then it is so understood.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not consider that there is
any necessity for our determining what the effect
of our resolution to elect a Presiding Officer of the
Senate will be with regard to suppositive events
which may occur hereafter. This proposition is
simply that we elect a Presiding Officer. It is
probable I might agree with the Senator from New
York, that there cannot be two Presidents at one
time; but there is no need of our entering into
these questions. If we are disposed to elect, we
do it for the purpose of conducting the business
of the Senate; and I think we can leave such ques-
tions to the future as events may arise. ■ 
The resolution was agreed to.
The SECRETARY. Senators will please to
prepare their ballots.
Mr. WELLER. I ask whether the rule can
be suspended which requirea that the selection
shall be by ballot, and whether I cannot offer a
resolution at once declaring that a certain Sena-
tor shall be President pro tempore?
Mr. STUART and others. It can be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. WELLER. I ask unanimous consent to
offer a resolution declaring the Hon. Jesse D.
Bright President pro tempore of the Senate.
Several Senators. It requires unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. MASON. I think if the Secretary will
refer to the precedents, he will find that the Hon.
David R. Atchison was chosen President of the
Senate by a resolution; probably the resolution
was presented by unanimous consent.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. It has been very often
done.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Secretary, I must ask
for the vote by ballot. If necessary, I shall ob-
ject to the consideration of the resolution.
Several Senators. That is enough; we must
proceed to ballot.
The SECRETARY. The Senators will please
to prepare their ballots.
The Senators proceeded to ballot with the fol-
lowing result:
Hon. Jesse D. Bright received 24 votes.
Hon. Salmon P. Chase 6 "
Hon. William C. Dawson 2 "
Hon. Solomon Foot 2 "
Hon. George E. Badger ,1 "
Whole number of votes cast 35
Necessary to a choice 18
The SECRETARY. Twenty-four being a
majority of all the votes given, Mr. Bright is
elected President of the Senate pro tempore.
Mr. Jones, of Iowa, and Mr. Shields con-
ducted Mr. Bright to the chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, on taking the
chair, addressed the Senate as follows:
Senators: The result just announced devolves
upon me important responsibilities, and were it
not for my intimate acquaintance and knowledge
of those with whom I am to be associated in their
discharge, I should hesitate about accepting.
Nine years'service in this body, however, has
familiarized me somewhat with its rales and
usages, and particularly with that spirit of kind-
ness and forbearance uniformly observed and
practiced by one member toward another, which,
let me assure you, serves in no small degree to
lessen the embarrassment I should otherwise feel
in attempting to preside over your deliberations.
In accepting this trust, Senators, permit me to
say (that which I hope would have been taken for
granted had I remained silent) that whatever
ability I possess shall be employed in promoting
^ 5ub.lic interests by an impartial discharge of
the duties belonging to the appointment you have
just conferred. Less than this would bein6de!ity
to the Constitution and the country, and a be-
trayal of that confidence you have so generously
reposed in me. For this unsolicited manifesta-
tion of your friendship and regard, I offer you my
grateful acknowledgments.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa,"it was
Ordered, That the Secretary wait on Ihe President o<
the United States, and inform him tlmt the Senate have
chosen the Hon. Jesse D. Bkicuit President pro temj/ore.
On motion by Mr. JONESj of Iowa, it was also
Ordered, That the Secretary inform the House of Rep-
resentatives, that a quotum of the Senate lias assembled,
that the Hon. Jesse D. Bright has been etiosen President
of the Senate pro tempore, and that Uie Senate is ready to
proceed to business.
CORRESPONDENCE AVITH GENERAL WOOL.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved,, That the President of the United States be
requested, if not incompatible with the public interest, to
communicate to the Senate, copi-os or' all instructions and
coirespondence between the different departments of Uie
Government, and Major General Wool commanding the
Pacific division of the Army, in rtgard to his operations
on that coast.
CHAPLAIN'S TO CONGRESS.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
-- Resolved, That two chaplains to Congress, of different
denominations, be chosen, one by each of the two Houses,
to serve during the present session.
Mr. PETTIT. That is already provided for.
By looking at the Journal, the Senator will see
that last year a resolution of that kind was offered
here, to provide for chaplains for that session.
It went to the House, and, on the motion of a
member from Indiana, it was amended in the
House, so as to make it for the Congress, and
that amendment was concurred in here, and the
election was had "under that resolution.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 wish barely to state, that
I should have called this a concurrent resolution;
but since there is a question raised about it by the
honorable Senator, 1 shall not ask for its consid-
eration now. I am informed, however, that it
appears from the Journal that the state of the esse
is different from what the honorable Senator sup-
poses. We can look at it by to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution will lie
over for one dav, under the rules.
Mr. SEWARD subsequently said: I am in-
formed by the Clerk that the resolution was
limited to the last session; I therefore ask the
Senate to consider the resolution at this time.
Objection being made, the resolution lies over
one day.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SLIDELL. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That so much of the 35th rule of the Senate
as relates to the appointment of the standing committees
be suspended.
I offer this with a view of presenting, subse-
quently, a resolution that the standing committees,
which were in existence at the close of the last
session, be continued.
The resolution was agreed to.
_ Mr. SLIDELL. I now present this resolu-
tion:
jResolved, Thatthe several standing committee?, exist-
ing at the adjournment of the Senate on the 7th of August
last, be reappointed, with the exception of such vacancies
as may have l sen caused by ihe hict of any mf ilwr of
said committees having ceased to be a member of ihe Sen-
ate, and that the President pro tempore be authorized to fiil
such vacancies.
The resolution was agreed to.
KOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. WELLER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to extend, for a lim-
ited period, " An act to ascertain and settle private
land claims in the State of California."
Mr. BROWN gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to extend the benefits
of the bounty land laws of the United States to
Choctaws, and other Indiana, who have hereto-
fore served in the Army of the United States in
time of war.
Mr. PEARCE gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a joint resolution providing
for the appointment of two regents for the Smith-
sonian Institution.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa , gave notice of his in-
tention to ask leave to introduce billg of the fol-
lowing titles:
