<>
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
1 think that every chairman should, upon his own
responsibility, say to the , Senate whether he re-
quires a cleric or not; and upon his saying so I
shall always concede a clerk to the committee of
that Senator. As the Senator from Iowa has very
well expressed it, I know that, as regards some
business before the committee of which I am
chairman, I could not attend to it, without being
absent from the Senate Chamber nearly the whole
time; bat there are other committees, I know,
which do not require clerks, and therefore I can-
not conscientiously confound and make them
equal.
Mr. FOOT. I move an amendment to the reso-
lution, by inserting the word " standing" before
the word " committee," so as to exclude special
committees, many of which were authorized to
appoint clerks at the last session of Congress, but
which, during the present session, probably may
have no meetings.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I accept that modifica-
tion.
The PRESIDENT. Then the question is on
the amendment of the Senator from Mississippi
to strike out the words " and percentage."
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator who of-
fered the resolution will consent to put it in its
original shape, with the exception of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I will do so because
that Senator and another distinguished Senator on
my right have assured me that the law regulates
this matter, and that it is unnecessary to say
anything about compensation. I therefore modify
the resolution by striking out the words " and
percentage."
Mr.'EVANS. My recollection about the
matter, Mr. President, is that a committee was
appointed last year for the purpose of regulating
the salaries of "the officers of the Senate, and that
committee reported that twenty per cent, should
be added to their salaries. The salary of the
committee clerks was fixed at four dollars per
diem, and twenty per cent, added to it made four
dollars and eighty cents. When that proposition
wfts before the Senate, the Senator from Indiana
moved to increase their pay to five dollars a day,
and it was agreed to. The resolution of the Sen-
ate is that their pay shall be five dollars per diem,
and twenty per cent, additional, making it six
dollars. That is the law as it now stands. Such
is;my recollection.
Mr. BROWN. As the Senator from Iowa
has restored the resolution to its original shape, I,
of course, withdraw my amendment.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to know if the resolution
as it now stands is confined to standing com-
mittees?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. It is.
Mr. ADAMS. Very well.
Mr. CHASE. But that does not reach the
objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think, sir, I am
just as willing to pay for services rendered by any
individual to this Government, as any man in the
Senate; but if the fact be as stated by the Senator
from Ohio—and I believe it to be true—that a
clerk was paid for eight or nine months' service,
Without ever being present except at one meeting
of a committee, and this resolution is calculated
to continue that clerkship, I cannot in justice to
my convictions of duty, vote for it. Is it not
enough, Mr. President, that the chairman of one
of your committees shall come in here and say
that he wants a clerk? I will vote to give a clerk
to any committee, upon the say-so of its chair-
man.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. That is what we wish;
such is the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No, sir; this reso-
lution goes further than that, and says that all the
standing committees which employed clerks at the
last session shall be authorized to employ them
this session. The honorable gentleman who pre-
sides over our deliberations is the chairman of a
committee that has no use for a clerk, according
to the statement made by the Senator from Ohio,
and yet his committee is directed by this resolu-
tion to appoint a clerk.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Not directed, but au-
thorized.
jSlr. JONES, of Tennessee. That amounts to
a direction in this country, where there are so
many office-seekers. Every one of these clerk-
ships will be filled, and my friend from Iowa
knows they will be filled.
Is it not enough, I repeat, sir, that we should
allow a clerk when the chairman of an important
committee states that one is necessary, in order to
expedite the business of the committee? Take
your Committee on Finance, your Committee on
Pensions, your Committee on the Judiciary—
when the chairman of either of those committees
stands up in the Senate and says that his com-
mittee needs a clerk, there is not a Senator here
who would vote against allowing one. Is not that
sufficient ? Is it not little enough for them to come
to us and say they want additional assistance, and
let us vote it to them ? To vote that every com-
mittee may appoint a clerk, whether he be needed
or not, is further than I am willing to go.
1 do not know that the Committee on Military
Affairs, of which 1 am a member, will need a
clerk at this session, though we had one at the
last; but if we do need one, our chairman will come
here and ask for him, and you will all vote for
the proposition; but pass this resolution, author-
izing every committee to appoint a clerk, and
they will be apt to do it. This is a matter which
the Senate can dispose of as they please, but I
cannot vote for the resolution as it stands, although
I am perfectly willing to vote a clerk to every
committee whose chairman rises in the Senate,
and on his responsibility says his committee needs
a clerk. If he says he wants two, I will give him
two; but I will not give one wheft he is not needed.
Mr. HUNTER. I agree with what has just
been said in regard to this resolution. It seems
to me that it is unnecessary to allow every stand-
ing committee the privilege of appointing a clerk.
A clerk is not necessary for all the committees; and
it seems to me that it is but a proper precaution and
conservative cheek, to require the chairman of
each committee which needs a clerk to come in
and ask the Senate for one. I helieve there is no
case in which the Senate would refuse the request,
if the chairman should state that the appointment
of a clerk wa3 required by the committee, and
necessary for a proper discharge of their duties.
I think it would be far better to adopt that plan
than to adopt a resolution to give a clerk to every
standing committee. I know it would be a small
abuse, but still it would be an abuse in the Senate
of the United States—a body to which the coun-
try looks—and 1 think we had better correct it.
I cannot, therefore, vote for a resolution as broad
as the one now before the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. 1 agree with what has been
said by the Senator fronfVirginia; and, therefore,
I move that the resolution lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 19, noes not
counted.
BURLINGTON MARINE HOSPITAL.
Mr. FOOT submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to Inquire into the expediency of making an appro-
priation for the construction of a marine hospital at Bur-
lington, Vermont.
CINCINNATI MARINE HOSPITAL.
_ Mr. CHASE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the" Committee on Com meree be in
structed to inquire into the expediency of constructing a
marine hospital at Cincinnati, Ohio.
COMMITTEE ON THE PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolted, That the select committee on the subject of
the Pacific railroad, appointed at the last session, be con-
tinued during the present session, except where vacancies
have occurred by the retirement of any member, and that
the President of the Senate have power to flu such vacan-
cies.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I beg leave to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be authorized
to employ a clerk.
Mr. President, I have said nothing about the
compensation for the clerk, because it is fixed by
the resolution of the last session; and I say, as
chairman of the committee, it is quite necessary
the resolution should be adopted.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be author-
ized to employ a clfcrk, and pay said clerk the same per
diem that was "allowed to him at the last session.
Mr. BUTLER. I have a resolution to offer on
the part of the Committee on the Judiciary:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be au-
thonzed to appoint a clerk for the present session.
Mr. PETT1T. I move to emend the resolution
so as to give the same authority to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. WELLER. There are other committees
which I suppose are in want of clerks, and which
the Senate will award to them. The Committee
on Foreign Relations need one, and I therefore
move to amend the amendment by inserting that
committee. I hope my friend from Indiana will
accept it.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I move to insert the
Committee on Public Lands also.
Mr. JAMES. I make the same motion in
reference to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secretary
will read the resolution as it would stand if so
modified.
It was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committees on the Judiciary, Private
Land Claims, Foreign Relations, Public Lands, and Patents-
and the Patent Office, be severally authorized to appoint
cltrks fur the present session.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that we had
better take the question separately on each propo-
sition, or we shall certainly fall into the same diffi-
culty that we had in regard to the general resolu-
tion.
Mr. BUTLER. I think so too.
The PRESIDENT. The question will be first
on the resolution in regard to the Committee ou
the Judiciary.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. PETTIT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land Claims
be authorized to employ a clerk for the present session.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
authorized to employ a clerk for the present session.
Mr. JAMES. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office be authorized to employ a clerk for the present ses-
sion.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to know the neces-
sity which exists for the employment of a clerk
for that committee. 1 confess that 1 do not know
the extent of the duties of the committee; but,
judging from the number of reports which it made
at the last session, I should not suppose that it
needed a clerk. Unless, therefore, I can be assured
that there is a necessity for one, I cannot vote for
the resolution.
Mr. JAMES. I state to Senators that there is
an actual necessity for the employment of a clerk
by this committee. As chairman of the commit-
tee, it is presumed that I understand what its re-
quirements are, and I consider that we cannot do
its business without a clerk. For that reason I
have offered the resolution.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be author-
ized to employ a clerk for the present session.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be authorized
to employ a clerk for the present session.
Mr, DODGE, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public T.smde be al-
lowed to employ a clerk for the present session.
Mr. EVANS submitted the following resolu-
