14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
people of America. It was said to me that they
had deserved better treatment at the hands of the
United States, because in the days of the revolu-
tion they had loaned freely their power, their
money, and their influence to establish the liberty
of this country. They said they deserved, at
least, to have a man to represent us who was an
American-born citizen.
I know nothing personally against Mr. Bel-
mont, but I repeat the" people of the country
unanimously, or a vast majority of them, dis-
approve of the appointment of such men to such
high, places in the diplomacy of the nation. Sir, I
say to this House that neither Mr. Soule nor Mr.
Belmont, whatever be their talents or wealth, are
the proper persons to represent the people of Amer-
ica in foreign courts. I say it here in my place—I
have the right to say it as a representative called
upon yearly to vote the salaries of these men—
that proper men should be appointed to represent
us abroad. 1 am not prepared to say that no
citizen of foreign birth should be appointed.
But, sir, the object of these gentlemen who have
recently been at Ostend, whether their meeting
was authorized by the President of the United
Suites or not, ought to be made known to the
people of this country, and there is no more
appropriate mode of making it known, than by a
respectful call upon the President of the United
States to communicate this information, if not
incompatible with the public interests. If these
gentlemen were not authorized by the Govern-
ment to go to Ostend, then the Government is
not responsible for their action; they deserted
their posts to the injury of the Government, and
that is another objection to them.
Mr. Speaker, the fashion nowadays of ex-con-
suls, ex-ministers, and gentlemen in high official
positions, writing what are called "filibustering"
letters to foreign nations, and stirring up bad feel-
ing against the Government of the United States,
ia anything but kind, generous, or conservative of
the peace of the country. Sir, we have a Chief
Magistrate who is authorized to send ministers to
foreign countries, and so long as the ministers
thus appointed do their duty, under the instruc-
tions of the Executive, and uphold the honor, the
rights, the dignity, and the interests of the Re-
public of the United States abroad, they shall have
my aid and support. But when they step out of
their proper sphere to play the Red Republican,
to assail andattemptto revolutionize Governments
abroad, or to form " entangling alliances" with
foreign nations, I shall denounce them as a public
man and as a private citizen, as long as I have
the right to do so. I should not have said one
word upon this occasion if the resolution had been
permitted to take the usual course, and as I be-
lieve the subject has now been thoroughly dis-
cussed, I call for the previous question.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I would ask my
friend from Ohio, to allow me to say a word or
two before he demands the previousquestion. The
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Sollers,] to
whom I desire to reply, has spoken two or three
times.
Mr. TAYLOR. Will the gentleman renew the
demand for the previous question if I now with-
draw it for his accommodation ?
Mr. BAYLY. Certainly, I will do so.
Mr. TAYLOR. Then, sir, I withdraw the
demand.
Mr. BAYLY. Mr. Speaker, I should certainly
acquiesce in the suggestion of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Cllvgman,] and withdraw
my motion to commit the resolution, and allow it
to pass if I thought its passage was merely a harm-
less thing, as it seems to be taken for granted that
it is. But, sir, the passage of this resolution would
be setting a very dangerous precedent in this
House.
Now, let us see what it is:
lietoh-eii, That the President of the United Slates in-
form tlie House of Representatives, if not incompatible with
the public interest, what was the object or objects of the
meeting or conference of American minister^ at Ostend,
and whether sard meeting or conference was heid in obe-
dience to instructions from the Secretary of State; what
said instructions wyre, and what was tile result of the meet-
ing or conference.
Well, now, I undertake to say that except in an
extreme case, the House of Representatives ought
to make no such call as this. The President of
the United States, and the Senate in conjunction
with him, are by the Constitution charged with
the conduct of our foreign affairs. The framers
of the Constitution purposely withheld from us
any right to interfere with it except in the single
case where legislation is necessary to carry out a
treaty. That is the only case in which this House
has any right to interfere unless our object be, as
the grand inquest of the nation, to institute pro-
ceedings of impeachment for misconduct of our
foreign affairs. It would be a mischievous prece-
dent for this House to call upon the President of
the United States in reference to questions con-
nected with our foreign diplomacy, except where
legislation is neces.sary.
Now, suppose this resolution goes to the Presi-
dent, and he says the conference was held by his
direction; what does that amount to ? Was there
any harm in that? Was there any harm in re-
quiring that our ministers abroad should confer
with each other? As I said in the few remarks
which I submitted to the House prior to making
my motion, they are required to confer with each
other in writing, and why not in personal confer-
ence ? Besides that, these personal conferences are
not without precedent, as almost every gentleman
who has spoken has assumed. On several occa-
sions Mr. Gallatin, who was the favorite minister
of Mr. Jefferson, and enjoyed his confidence to a
larger extent than the others, was directed to visit
other foreign ministers and confer with them. I
had not anticipated this debate, and, therefore,
cannot, with entire readiness and confidence m
my accuracy, refer to a number of instances; but
my impression is very decided that Mr. Gallatin
was sent to St. Petersburgh when he was Minister
to London, to confer with the minister there in
respect to an important negotiation that was going
on. But if it be unusual, it is not improper.
But suppose the President replies that the con-
ference was not called by his authority; that the
ministers chose to go to Ostend to confer with
each other. Was there any harm in those minis-
ters doing it? In an emergency it was proper that
they should.
Then the resolution asks what were the Presi-
dent's instructions, and what the ministers went
to Ostend for? What does the House want with
that information ? What action are you to predi-
cate upon that information ifit is all communicated ?
It is merely to gratify a curiosity, and I undertake
to say, that the House of Representatives of the
United States ought not to be passing resolutions
merely to gratify a curiosity, especially in relation
to our foreign affairs, which are intrusted emphat-
ically to the President and Senate. If the Senate
of the United States think there has been any"of
this dangerous proceeding which some gentlemen
seem to suspect, why, that body will call for the
information to be communicated to them in secret,
and no damage will ensue.
But gentlemen say that if these ministers were
sent there by the President-, and if the informa-
tion called for by the resolution ought not to be
communicated, he will say in his reply that it
ought not to be communicated.
Mr. SOLLERS, (interrupting, and Mr. Bayly
yielding the floor by request.) The gentleman
from "Virginia, the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, tells us that in asking for this
information the House is calling for information
with reference to our diplomatic relations with
foreign Governments. I Have here the Journal of
the last session of the present Congress, by which
I find that on one fair bright morning—I recollect
it well—a resolution was passed calling for corre-
spondence relative to the rights of neutrals, and
instructions in relation to Cuba. And who do
you suppose offered that resolution ? Why, the
honorable member from Virginia himself!
Mr. BAYLY. Will the gentleman be kind
enough to hand me that resolution ?
Mr. SOLLERS. I will, sir.
Mr. BAYLY. Whilst thegenlleman is looking
for the resolution, let me say that in this case the
dilemma is perfect. These ministers were at
Ostend for the purpose of negotiation, or they
were not. If they merely met there to confer with
each other, then what does this House want to
know what was the object of that conference?
If they were there for the purpose of negotiation
or for consulting in reference to negotiation, then
it IS certain that that negotiation is still pending,
because the country knows nothing of its results.
And it is a constant and satisfactory answer,
even m the Senate, for the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs to say that a negotiation
is pending, as a reason for not making public the
information connected with it.
And the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Sol-
lers] thinks he has got me there, (Mr. Solleeis
having directed Mr. B.'s attention to the reference.)
Let us see whether the gentleman has got me
there. The first resolution to which he refers,
calls for " such public declarations as have been
made in regard to the right of neutrals," a subject
in respect to which we were then interested 
Mr. SOLLERS, (interrupting.) Well, then, go
to the Cuba matter.
Mr. BAYLY. I will go to that. I called for
all the correspondence in connection with Cuba;
and why did I do that ? Because this House, in
referring the President's message to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, had committed that subject
to us for investigation. Besides that there was a
resolution of this House referred to that commit-
tee directing us to inquire into this matter. And
I knew what I was after before I asked for inform-
ation. I knew that it was connected with a sub-
ject already before that committee by the order of
the House. And the gentleman supposes that a
resolution of that sort in reference to a corre-
spondence which had ended, for keeping which a
secret there was no longer any necessity, is au-
thority for calling for information in reference to
a meeting which either had connection with nego-
tiations or had not ? If that meeting had no con-
nection with negotiation, cui bono the information
sought? If it had, that negotiation is still pend-
ing, and it would be improper for this House to
call for such information. I would thank the gen-
tleman to look for another precedent.
Mr. SOLLERS. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will allow me, I would say that I think the
cases perfectly analogous. I believe, or have
very strong suspicion, that this resolution relates
to the same subject-matter as did the gentleman's
resolution in reference to Cuba.
Mr. BAYLY. That gentleman will further
remember, as far as that resolution of mine was
concerned, that the President of the United States
sent a message here in relation to the case of the
Black Warrior, and asked for our legislative
action. He asked also for provisional legislation
to meet the contingency of a failure of negotia-
tions. And when this House had committed to
the committee over which I had then the honor to
preside, the message asking for legislation refer-
ing to that particular subject, asking, too, for an
advance of the people's money as a contingent
appropriation in the event of no satisfactory ad-
justment,! felt it then entirely proper—nay, more
than proper—I felt it due to the committee and to
this House that before we responded to this
message of March last, we should have all the
information connected with the whole subject.
And the gentleman [Mr. Sollers] thinks that
such a resolution as that is a precedent for this
calling for information, as to whether these-foreign
ministers, whose appointment is given to the
Presiuent and Senate, met at a certain town in
Europe accidentally or under instructions, and
if they met under instructions, what were those
instructions, and what was the object of the con-
ference ?
Now, if the President's message was before this
House, calling upon us for a contingent appro-
priation of money, to meet the contingency o
the failure of a negotiation, then the gentleman's
resolution,asking for information as to the object
of that negotiation, and as to everything connected
with it, would have been entirely proper. 1 am
obliged to the gentleman for the illustration he has
furnished me.
But, sir, I cannot close my remarks, although
my friend from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] must
excuse me for saying so, without making some
irrelevant remarks in reply to those of my friend
of a similar character, fie says he did not ap-
prove of the appointment of Mr. Soule, and that
there is a great deal of dissatisfaction in his part
of the country with that appointment. Why,
sir, this resolution has nothing to do with Mr.
Soule's appointment. It has nothing to do with
Mr. Soule's conduct, either in his affairs of honor
at Madrid, or in his difficulty in getting a passage
through France. If the President have to answer
that resolution, I take it for granted that he will
say nothing whatever on that subject, because if
he should do so, it would be a very clear case of
