16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6.
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
authorized to employ a cterk until otherwise ordered by the
Senate.
MAIL STEAMER BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. The mail steamer appropri-
ation bill remained as unfinished business at the
close of the. last session, it lay over, and I
therefore suppose it will now be the first thing in
order. It went over on account of a disagreement
between the tVo Houses. The Senate made an
amendment to which the House disagreed. A
committee of conference was appointed, but they
could not agree upon a report. A motion was
then made by the honorable Senator from Mary-
land, (Mr. Pratt,] to recede from the Senate's
amendment. In the midst of the discussion upon
that question, the session terminated, and the bill
went over at that time. One of the members of
the committee of conference, the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] is absent, and
I therefore propose, by general consent, that the
consideration ot the bill be postponed until Mon-
day next. I think that by that time the Sen-
ator from Georgia will be here, and we can
take up the subject and dispose of it. I submit
the motion to postpone.
Mr. STUART. I should have no objection to
the motion made by the Senator from Virginia,
if the Chair should be of the opinion that what
the Senator states is the present condition of the
bill. My own opinion is, that from the condition
in which it was left, it is lost, and that it is not,
in any parliamentary sense, unfinished business
to be considered by us at the present session. If
the Chair is not clear upon the subject, the ques-
tion may be reserved for consideration. I have
thought upon it myself, and I havegiventhe con-
clusion at which I have arrived.
Mr. WELLER. I believe the question at the
time of the adjournment of the Senate, was upon
the motion to recede from the amendment which
had been made by the Senate. If that be the
pending question, and the Senat^ recede from the
amendment, the bill will become a law of the
land. If we accede to the bill in the terms in
which it passed the House of Representatives, it
becomes a law of the land. The pending question
at the adjournment was upon the motion to recede,
and upon that motion the Senator from New York
[Mr.SEWARn] hadthefloor. He had given notice
that he would speak at least four hours upon it,
and preferring my dinner to such a discussion, I
moved the adjournment. That is then the pend-
ing question, and the honorable Senator from
New York, in my opinion, is entitled to the floor
upon it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not think, in view of
a fact which I shall state, that it is material
whether the bill was left as unfinished business or
not at the last session. It proposes to make an
appropriation for the mail steamers. Theamount
proposed to be appropriated by it, I understand
has been paid from certain balances which were
remaining in the Treasury, of money which had
been appropriated to pay for the mail steamers.
The money which was proposed to be appropri-
ated by the bill had been earned by the company
undents contract, and by the failure of the bill at
the last session, it was supposed that they would
be prevented from obtaining the money. It has
turned out not to be so, because there were un-
expended balances in the Treasury—the ten per
centum which was retained when the vessels were
constructed, or something of that kind. 1 lelieve
that those balances were properly paid by the De-
partment, so that the company owning the mail
steamers have been paid theamount mentioned in
the bill. Hence, it is immaterial whether it is
considered as unfinished business or not.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the suggestion of the
honorable Senator from Virginia will be agreed
to, and that the question will be suffered to lie
over until Monday next. We can tnen inquire
into the matter.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it had better lie over
until Monday, and in the mean time we can look
into the question and see what are the facts.
Mr. STUART. I do not wish to discuss the
question to-day. I stated that I had no objection
to the motion of the Senator from Virginia,
saving, however, the question whether the bill
was before us. That question, I think, is lost
sight of.
The motion was agreed to.
DES MOINES AND ROCK RIVER RAPIDS.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Pursuant to previous
notice, I ask leave to introduce a bill to continue
the improvement of the Des Moines and Rock
river rapids, on the Upper Mississippi. I do not
wish its reference to any committee, but ask that
it may be read twice, and take its place upon the
Calendar. I also give notice to the Senate that T
shall call it up at an early day.
Leave was given to introduce the bill, and it
was read twice. It proposes to appropriate
$200,003 for the purpose mentioned.
■WISCONSIN SALT SPRING LANDS.
Mr. DODGE, of iowa. A bill passed the
Senate at the last session "relinquishing to the
State of Wisconsin the lands reserved for salt
springs therein." It passedthis.bodyon the 17th
of January. It was subsequently passed by the
House, with a slight amendment, and returned to
the Senate on the 4th of August, when, Senators
will recollect, no action could be had upon it. I
therefore ask the Senate to consider it now.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House; which was to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and insert:
" That in lieu of the twelve salt springs, with sis sec-
tions of land adjoining to eae.h, heretofore granted to the
State of Wisconsin for its use by the fourth clause of the
seventh section of the act entitled ' ail act to enable the
people of Wisconsin Territory to form a constitution and
State government, and for the admission of such State into
the Untoii,' approved August 6, 1846, there be, and is
hereby, granted to Wisconsin, to be selected by the Legis-
lature of the State out of any public land subject to private
entry, and to be sold in such manner as the Legislature
may direct, for the benefit and in aid of the university of
the State, and for no other purpose whatever, seventy-two
sections of land : Provided, That any selection of land
heretofore made under the act eniitled 'an act to extend
the time for selecting the land gtanted to Wisconsin for
saline puiposes,' approved May 4, 3852, and which shall
not have been sold by the United States, and not legally
claimed by preemption or otherwise, be granted and af-
firmed to the State for the use of the univeisity of the State
as part of the seventy-two sections hereby granted."
Mr. STUART. I will call the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on PublicLands [Mr.
Dodoe, of Iowa] to the fact that this appears to
be a substitute for the original bill, and one which
is placed upon a different footing. It will be rec-
ollected by that Senator that I asked the Senator
from Wisconsin, now absent, [Mr. Walker,] to
furnish to the committee the facts upon which the
original bill was founded. Those facts were never
received, except in a statement which was rather
imperfectly made by him. The substitute pre-
sents the act In a different character, and 1 only
wish to know if thechairman of the Committeeon
Public Lands is informed of the facts upon which
the amendment is based. I shall very cheerfully
vote for a bill to give to the State of Wisconsin
whatever other new States received under similar
laws. I should be very glad to hear from the
Senator the facts ir? reference to the substitute.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The fact is this: in the
usual grants made to iowa, and other States, there
was a given time within which the selection must
have been made. The State decided to apply the
land to a university, rather than to the common
school fund, which was the original provision;
and it may require the sanction of Congress.
Although the amendment of the House is a sub-
stitute, the difference is a very slight one in the
phraseology. If there be any objection to it, I
am willing to have it referred to the committee.
Mr. STUART. Not at all. The Senator is
aware that the practice has been to give the new
States the seventy-two sections of land for univer-
sity purposes.
Mr, DODGE, of Iowa. The grant is precisely
the same as to Iowa.
Mr. STUART. Have not the seventy-two
sections been given heretofore to Wisconsin for
that purpose ? Or is this intended to make up the
quantity ?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. No, sir; this is to
make up the quantity.
Mr. STUART. TheSenator is aware that the
salt spring donation is a different thing given to
all the new States. The seventy-two sections are
given for university purposes. Certainsalt spring
lands which were donated, were for different pur-
poses. It is in the power of the Legislature of
each State to apply the salt spring lands as they
choose, keeping within the objects of the donation.
In Michigan those lands have been applied to
common school purposes, and the seventy-two
sections have been applied to university purposes.
Now, if it is intended to apply the salt spring
lands to make up the deficiency which the State of
Wisconsin has found in selecting for university
purposes, instead of to the common school fund,
there can be no objection.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. That is it.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not doubt at all that we
wish to be laborious; but I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the joint rule of the two
Houses, under which the business of the first
session of Congress is resumed at the second ses-
sion. The twenty-first joint rule is as follows:
" After six days from the commencement of a second or
subsequent session of Congress, all bills, resolutions, or
reports, which originated in either House, and at the close
of the next preceding session remained undetermined in
either House, shall be resumed, and acted on in the same
manner as if an adjournment had not taken place."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that this bill can be taken up under
a resolution adopted at the last session, which will
be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
" Wednesday, August 2,1854.—Mr. Sudeil submitted
the following resolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to.
"Resolved, That all subjects before the Senate at the
close of the present session, including those before the
committees, shall be continued till next session, and shall
then be proceeded with in the same manner as if no ad-
journment of the Senate had taken place; and the papers
which have been referred to tlie committees, and may be
in their possession at the close of the session, shall be re-
turned informally (o the Secretary, and by him restored to
the committees appointed at the next session."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment of the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The joint resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, declaring the Seneca Indians entitled to
a pension and bounty lands in certain cases, was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of .Tohn Putnam was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
The bill allowing the further time of two years
to those holding lands by entries in the Virginia
military district in Ohio, which were made prior to
the 1st of January, 1852, to have the same sur-
veyed and patented, was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
EHOCH S. MORE.
Mr. PETT1T. On the first day of the session
I made a motion to reconsider the vote by which
the bill for the relief of Enoch S. More was passed
on the last business day of the late session. It
becomes necessary to reconsider it, for this reason
simply: It is a House bill, it passed the House,
came over here, and was properly passed by the
Senate; but, in the midst of the confusion attend-
ing the close of the session, I om informed by the
Secretary it was mislaid. It is now too late to
take it back to the House, as having been ther\,
passed, as it is also too late to present it to the
President; and it becomes necessary, as I con;
ceive, to reconsider the vote by which it was
passed, and then repass the bill, so that it may ga
to the House again, and, being passed now, be
sent to the President for his signature. It is a
small matter, and one which is unquestionably
right. Under the resolution which has just been
read, I take it there can be no doubt of the pro-
priety of this proceeding. I am aware there is a
rule which provides that a motion for a reconsid-
eration must be made within three days; but it
will be seen that there was no opportunity for
making this motion at an earlier period than 1 did
make it. The bill passed on the last business day
of the session. It will be recollected by all who
were present that it was resolved that the session
should be extended to Monday, but that no legis-
lative business should be done after four o'clock
on Friday. I hold the resolution in my hand, the
last clause of which is this:
" Fi-ovided, That no motion other than to adjourn, shall
be taken by ciiher House after the hour of four o'clock,
p. in., this day"—
that is, Friday, August the 4th. Now, no mo-
tion for a reconsideration could have been made
earlier. The resolution which has just been read
continues the unfinished business of the session
precisely as though there had been no adjourn-
