THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1854.
New Series No. 2.
merit; and, therefore, I suppose the motion can
be made. I suppose that no injury can arise from
not making the motion earlier, when it was not
possible to make it; I therefore ask that the mo-
tion may be agreed to, and that the bill may be
reconsidered, and again passed.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. PETTIT. I ask that the bill be now put
upon its passage.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill. It
declares that, whereas the rolls of Captain Abra-
ham Mattison's company of New York militia
show that Enoch S. More deserted in 1812; and
satisfactory evidence ' aving been filed in the Pen-
sion Office, that, instead of having deserted, he
was absent on furlough, and sick at the time; and
as, on an investigation of the evidence by the
Commissioner of Pensions, it was deemed suffi-
cient to grant him an invalid pension; therefore,
in order to enable him to get a bounty of land
under the act of September 28, 1850, and to cor-
rect the roll, it proposes to direct the Commis-
sioner of Pensions to correct the roll by erasing
the words which imply that More had deserted,
and insert "sick and absent on furlough;" and
also to vest in More all the rights he would have
had if he bad continued in the company accord-
ing to the terms of enlistment.
The bill was again passed.
RESOLUTIONS ON THE TABLE.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolutions
lying on the President's table. The first in order
was one directing the Committee on Commerce to
inquire into the expediency of providing by law
for the better security of life and property on board
of sea-going steam and other vessels.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That is a resolution which
I had the honor to submit a few days ago. X ask
that it may be passed over for the present.
The PRESIDENT. That course will be pur-
sued, if there be no objection.
There was no objection.
The next resolution was one submitted yester-
day by Mr. Seward, to provide for the election
of two chaplains, one by each House, for the
present session.
Mr. SEWARD. I learn that the Rev. Mr.
Slicer, who was, at the last session, one of the
chaplains of Congress, is detained from the city
by a distressing family affliction at home; utul as
he probably will feel an interest in this subject, I
ask that this matter may lie over for a few days.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution will be
passed over for the present. The next resolu-
tion in order on the table, is one submitted by the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] on the
15th of February, 1854, in these words:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be, and
they are hereby, instructed to jeport to the Senate, at as
early a day aaouecati reasonably be prepared, a bill making
appropriations tor the improvement of harbors and rivers.
Mr. STUART. It is hardly useful to consider
that resolution now; I therefore move that it be
ordered to lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
CONSTRUCTION OF A RULE.
/ Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, if there be
now no bill before the body, I wish to call the
attention of the Senate once more to the question
which 1 raised some time ago, that it may be un-
derstood. It is, of course, with no view to oppose
any bill before the Senate, that I raise this ques-
tion. The joint rule to which I called the attention
of the Senate, was that
" After six days from the commencement of a sneond or
subsequent session of Congress, ail biils, resoiutions or re-
ports, wliicli originated in eitliei House, ami at tlio close or
the next preced.ny session, remained undetermined ill
either House, slialfbe resumed and acted on in the same
manner as if an adjournment had not taken place."
When I brought this rale to the notice of the
Senate, it was answered, that at the last session
the Senate had superseded it, and the Secretary
read a resolution of the Senate which provided
that business might be resumed at the present ses-
sion, in the stage at which it was left by the
adjournment of Congress, as if there had been no
adjournment. On reflection, that seems to me not
to be a sufficient answer. I do not see what power
the Senate has to pass such a resolution, which
would control and reverse, or subvert a joint rule
of the two Houses. It seems to me that that rule
orresolution of the Senate, so far as it conflicts
with the twenty-first joint rule, is void; otherwise,
there can be no harmony of action between the two
Houses. 1 beg leave, sir, to call your attention
to it as a presiding officer, and a member of the
Senate of long experience, that it may have con-
sideration, if any such case hereafter may re-
quire it.
The PRESIDENT. I will look at the point.
Mr. STUART. Allow me to make a suggestion
in connection with this subject for the considera-
tion of the Chair. It strikes me that there is no
conflict between the provisions. The resolution
saves the business just as the joint rule does; but
the joint rule fixes the time at which the business
shall be taken up. They may, therefore, both
stand, but the jdint rule must control as to the
time when the business shall be taken up and con-
sidered. I think the Chair on reflection will come
to that conclusion.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will examine
and consider the subject.
Mr. STUART. As no Senator seems now to
have any new business to present for considera-
tion, I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 6, 18j4.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Wili.jam H. Milburn.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
AMERICAN MINISTERS AT OSTEND.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of the following resolution:
Resolved, That Die President of the United States inform
tilts House, if not incompatible with the public interest,
what was the object or objects of the meeting or confer-
ence of American ministers at Ostend, and whether the
said meeting or conlerence was held in obedience to in-
structions trom the Secretary of Btate; what the said
instructions were, and what was the result of said meeting
or conference.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I rise to a
privileged question. I gave notice yesterday that
1 should introduce a bill for the repeal or modifi-
cation of the naturalization laws. It is entered
on the record for repeal only, and 1 desire that
the proper correction should be made.
The SPEAKER. The words "or modifica-
tion" will be entered upon the Journal unless
objection be made. The Chair understands that
such is the character of the notice.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I rise to a question of
order. The Chair will recollect that, on my
motion, 1 believe, the consideration of the Presi-
dent's veto message was postponed until this
morning. I would respectfully inquire of the
Chair, whether that will be the first business in
order this morning?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes, the
House having ordered the main question to be put
upon the adoption of the resolution introduced by
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Soliers,]
which was last under discussion yesterday, that
that resolution must first be disposed of before the
consideration of the veto message can be taken
up. That will be the first business in order after
action is had on the resolution.
Mr. CLIiNGMAN. 1 suppose tho Chair is
right.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
Tho SPEAKER here presented a communi-
cation from the Treasurer of the United States,
transmitting, in pursuance of lav-', copies of his
accounts with the United States for the third and
fourth quarters of f lie year 1853, and the first quar-
ter of the year 1854, as adjusted by the officers of
the Treasury Department.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Navy, transmitting, in pursuance with require-
ment contained in " the act making appropriation
for the naval service for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1853," approved August 31, 1852, a
report of the number and names of the appoint-
ments to the Naval School which have been made,
and the district and State whence each one comes,
the number of vacancies existing at said school,
with the congressional district entitled to supply
them, &c. *
The former communication was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed; and the latter
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORT OP SECRETARY OP THE TREASURY.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The annual report
of the Secretary of the Treasury was presented
yesterday, and ordered to be printed; but there
was no order made for the printing of extra copies.
I now move that the same number of extra copies
of that document as were printed last session—
fifteen thousand, I believe—be printed for the use
of the House.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
CONFERENCE OF MINISTERS AT OSTEND.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the passage of the following resolution:
Jlesolvcd, That the President of the United States inform
this House, if not incompatible with the public interest,
what was the object or objccto of the meeting or conference
of tho American Ministers at Ostentl, and whether said
meetmgor conference was in obedience to instructions from
the Secretary of State; what the paid instructions were, and
what wua the result of said meeting or conference.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I move to lay the resolu*
tion upon the table, and upon that I demand the
yeas and nays. '
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 72, nays 90; as follows:
YE —Moflsra. Willis Allen, Thomas H. Bayly, Barry,
Belcher, Bh$", Breckinridge, Brides, Caskie, Chastain,
Ohrismun, Clark, Cobb, Cruige, Curtis, Dawson, Disney,
Diutn, Dunbar, Ellison, English, Faulknei, Florence, Ful-
ler, Goode, Green, Greenwood, Hamilton, Sampson W.
Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Hastings, Hendricks, Henn, Ilib-
baid, Hughes, Ingersoll, Johnson, George W. Jones, J.
Clancy Jonoe, Ivurtz, Lewis, Lmdsley, Macdonald, Mc-
Dougtiil, McUuecn, Macy, Maurice, Smith Milier, Olds,
Orr, Phelps, Phillips, Pratt, Richardson, lluidle, Thomas
Ritehey, Uoblnns, Howe, Ruflin, Sejmour, Shannon, Shaw,
Showpr, Smglftton, William Smith, George VV. Smyth,
Straub, John J. Taylor, Trout, Tweed, Walsh, Warren,
and Wiue—72.
NAYS—Messrs. David J. Bailey, Ball, Banks, Bennett,
Bristow,. Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chandler, Cor-
win, Cox, Crocker, Cullom, Thomas Davis, DeWitt, Dick,
Dickinson, Eastman, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Ether-
iuge, Jlverhart, Farley, Flagler, Franklin, Goodrich, Good-
win, Grow, Aaron Ilarlan, Harrison, Haven, Hiestur, Hill,
Iliilyer, Houston, Howe, Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, Kerr,
Knox, Letcher, Lmdlcy, McCulloch, Mace, Matteson,
MayalJ, Meaeham, Middleswarth, Millson, Morgan, Mur-
ray, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Peck, Peck-
bam, Pennington, John Perkins, Powell, Preston, Prmgle,
Xleatly, Reese, David Ritchie, Russell, Sabin, Sa^re, Sapp,.
Simmons, Skelton, William II. Smith, Sollen, Frederick
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Suatton, Andrew Stuart,
John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller, Thurston,
Tracy, Upham, Wado,Walley,Elliiiu 13. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, John Wentworth,Tappan Wentvvorth, Wheel-
er, and Zolhcoffer—90.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move that there
be a call of the House, as I want a full vote upon
this resolution, which I regard as mischievous.
[Cries of " No !" •' No!"]
Mr. BAYT.Y. Well, I will not insist upon it.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will it be in order now
to move to lay the resolution npon the table ?
The SPEAKER. It will not, as the House
has this moment refused to lay it upon the table.
Mr. SAGE. I hope we shall have an immedi-
ate vote upon the resolution.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will it be in order to move
to refer the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It will not, the previous
question having been ordersd to be now put.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will it be in order to
move to postpone its (Jorwitleration indefinitely ?
