1854.
THE^CONGRESSIONAL "GLOBE.
28
than common brightness, that promised a long
summer day of usefulness and well-rewarded ex-
ertion, the twilight of the grave came on, and
those who loved him—the aged parent whose pride
and stay he was—are left to sit within the shadow
of his eclipse.
To them, and to the constituency he so honor-
ably represented, ws can but offer the condolence
of sincere sympathy and regret. And while we
confidently resign our own will to that of the
Omniscient One, who giveth and also taketh away
in his good time, and for his own purposes, we
Can best express our own feelings in the simple
sentence—which should be engraved on the stone
that marks his quiet rest—He had no enemies.
To ourselves let us bring this striking lesson
Jiewa®. Ill this hour, set apart not only to honor,
but to contemplate, let us ponder on the uncer-
tainty of our time at best—the fieetness of our
time at most. Let us look onward at the work
We have laid out for our lives to do, and upward
.to that Power from whence cometh our strength
and length of days, wherein to do it. Let us
i'emember that our sight is not the same as His
.who made us. That when a task seems done to
to, to Him it is unfinished; and when most unfin-
ished to us, to Him it is already done. That the
thin thread of life wherewith we are to weave
the web of our day's work, is often stayed in the
hand at high noon, and knots and blemishes and
places overshot, together with the soiled spots
and marks of careful toil, remain as we have left
them until the time of the great showing. That
deeds, which are to us trivial, have great influ-
ences, and one moment treads too fast upon the
heels of the other, burdened with its own weight
of action, to spare anything to rectify or alter.
Yet while we are earnest, as these contemplations
should always make us, we can gain still another
lesson than that of our mortality, from the one
of our number, whose work has been so lately
finish«d. We may learn that by the cheerful and
conciliatory discharge of our own duties, we
encourage our fellow-laborers in theirs, " So that
we go not like the galley slave, scourged to his
dungeon, but sustained and cheered with an unfal-
tering trust, like one who wraps the drapery of
his couch about him, and lies him down to pleas-
ant dreams."
The public life of Mr. Ewing is known to us
all, as well as to those of his own State, whom it
most concerned. lie was twice a member of the
Legislature of Kentucky; twice elected to the
Congress of theUnited States, tliusdemonstrating
the belief of his people in his integrity, and their
confidence in his ability . Ills personal acquaint-
ance and deep veneration for Henry Clay—his
admiration of that great man's devotion U> his
friends, and steady pursuit of his own patriotic
duty, which led him so much to emulate and imi-
tate it, needs scarcely to be recalled to you.
His talents were brilliant; his education class-
ical; his social virtues enriched by travel and
humor, were eminently great; and withal, God
gave him a generous and noble heart. In many
a chosen circle his loss is mourned as irreparable.
And though his life has flitted across our-horizon
as bright and sudden as a shooting star, its track
is marked in our memory by the soft light of
affectionate recollection that only the midnight
cloud of death has power to obscure.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. The silence and
solemnity which prevail here now is an indication
not only that a mere man is dead, and that a
politician has passed away; not only that a mem-
ber of Congress has gone to his long home, but
it is an indication of something more than that.
It strikes me that every face here shows, m its
solemn expression, that a favorite is dead.
Though a party man, a warm party man, the
intercourse of Mr. Ewing with the members of
this and of the last Congress left an impression
that, in all his social relations, he was something
above a mere party man; for it may be truly said
of him that he was a universal favorite of this
House, having no enemy here, as has been said
by the gentleman from California.
Mr. Speaker, when a man dies after coming to
the maturity of old age, crowned with gray hairs,
having erected for himself in history, and in the
estimation of mankind, a monument commensu-
rate with his personal ambition; having accom-
plished all that he could desire; having filled the
measure of his country's expectation, and satisfied
the yearnings of an earnest patriotism; when a
man dies in that position, with all the world ready
to acknowledge his achieved excellences and his
established fame—the grief which surrounds his
bier is not entirely the grief of the heart. There is
a mixture of pleasure and pride in the lamentation
exhibited at such a spectacle—not the less honor-
ble because of the pleasurable emotions which
the memory of a great and eventful life should
inspire.
So it was when Kentucky was called upon
(nay, not only Kentucky, but the whole nation)
to look upon the lifeless body of Henry Clay.
Everybody looked for his death; he had fulfilled
the measure of his country's expectations. The
grief which surrounded his bier was not so much
the grief of the heart, as it was the breaking of the
collected volume of anation's intellectual sorrow,
connected with the swelling anthems of a nation's
pride. But when a. young man dies—a young man
who is not only ambitious, but who is full of those
lofty capacities which make ambition felt; full of
genius, learning, poesy, eloquence, and daring,
all crowned with a sort of intuitive magical saga-
city; full of hope for his friends and country, yet
unachieved, but blossoming;—when such a man
dies, before he has erected a monument to his
memory—a monument to stand against the shock
of ages—it is indeed sad. So it was with Ewing !
He fell before his sun "had climbed the meridi-
an,"—as has been beautifully said by the honor-
able gentleman from California, [Mr. Latham]—
cut down in his youth; just beginning to fill his
father's head with thebrightrealization ofthelong-
nourished wishes of his heart. Oh, sir, when a
man falls under these circumstances, the grief we
feel for him is the grief of the heart; and
" Lyeidas is dead—dead ere his prime j
Yocnu Lycidas."
His lofty hopes, his fond expectations,his hon-
est yearnings, his loftiest ambitions,dead ! dead!!
Sir, look upon him as a man merely—and we re-
member him but a few months ago, when, indeed,
he was an invalid—his occasionally coming into
this Hall, as it were, a mere loiterer—a mere word
of his convulsing this whole House with laughtftr
and merriment. Look upon him as a wit, and
you will inscribe upon his monument the epitaph
on one of our most ancient of wits—"Alas, poor
Yorick !"
Look upon him asagrave statesman,ascholar,
and a man of eloquence ! Take the few speeches
which he has left upon our records, and you will
find them marked with a beauty of phraseology,
a compactness of logic, and alucidnesa of investi-
gation which challenge comparison with the de-
bates of the best orators of this or the other end
of the Capitol, lie was a ripe scholar, a quick
thinker, and a close reasoner. Indeed, sir, he was
peculiarly capacitated for distinction and shining
honor, in this particular sphere.
Mr. Speaker, perhaps I have said enough. If
it w?re necessary to offer any excuse for making
these remarks I have a good one. Besides my
cordial relations with Mr. Ewing, I am myself a
native of the same village which gave him birth.
Hence it is my duty, as well as my mournful
pleasure, to make these sad and solemn remarks.
And I wish, sir, that I had it in my power to do
or say something by which I could aid in the
erection of a more substantial tribute to his mem-
ory than this mere outpouring of congressional
lamentation.
The question was taken, and the resolutions
were unanimously adopted.
Thereupon (at five minutes before one o'clock,
p. m.,) the House adjourned until Monday next,
at twelve, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 11, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
TheJournal of Thursday was read and approved.
The"Hon. Archibald Dixon, of Kentucky, the
Hon. David S. Reid, of North Carolina, the Hon.
Robert Toombs, of Georgia, the Hon. William
K. Sebastian, of Arkansas, and the Hon. Isaac
P. Walker, of Wisconsin, appeared in their
seats to-day.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. BADGER presented the credentials of the
Hon. DavidS. Reid,chosen by the Legislature of
North Carolina a Senator from that State for the
term of six years from the 4th of March, 1853.
The credentials were read, and the oath pre-
scribed by law having been administered to Mr.
Reid, he took his seat in the Senate.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. WELLEIJ presented the petition of George
W. Torrence, praying that the pension he now
receives may be made to commence from the time
of his disability; which was-referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of A.M. Winn, of California,
praying that he may be indemnified for certain
expenses incurred, and advances made to the indi-
gent sick and suffering at Sacramento City, prior
to the 13th October, 1849, under the authority of
General Riley, military governor of that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Green-
leaf R. Drake, praying a patent for a chain pump,
sickness having prevented him from complying
with the provision of law in the case; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Also, the petition of Thomas Given, for him-
self and the heirs-at-law of Robert Given; the
petition of Peletiah Littlefield, one of the heirs-at-
law of Noah M. Littlefield; the petition of Mary
Ann S. Darby, granddaughter and only surviving
heir-at-law of Samuel Darby; the petition of Sam-
uel Pope, one of the heirs-at-law and grandchild
of IsaacPope; thepatition of Lucius Q., C. Nason
and Sabrina Grant, only surviving children and
heirs-at-law of Nathaniel Nason; the petition of
Bracket Leavitt, for himself and the other heirs-
at-law of Nathaniel Leavitt; and the petition of
Joseph S. Bailey, in behalf of himself and the
heirs-at-law of John Bailey, praying to be allowed
commutation pay; which were referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented the memorial of Dr.
J. Winthrop Taylor, a surgeon in the United
States Navy, praying to be allowed the difference
of salary between that of passed assistant surgeon
and of surgeon while acting in the latter capacity;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, the petition of R. B. Forbes, on behalf of
the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Company
of Missouri, praying that the sale of the public
lands on the line of that railroad may be restricted
to actual settlers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the memorial of J. J.
McClellan, widow of Lieutenant Colonel John
McClellan, late of theUnited States Army, prat-
ing for a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions. '
Also, the petition of Jacob Dodson, a private in
Fremont's California battalion during the late war
with Mexico, praying to be allowed the same
bounty land ana allowances that were granted to
other volunteers in that war; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of Sarah Vincent, widow of
John Vincent, a soldier in the last war with Great
Britain, praying for a pension and bounty land;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of the heirs-at-law of Captain
William Underwood, a soldier of the revolution-
ary war, praying an increase of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PISH presented the petition of Henry
Ruggles, of Brooklyn, New York, praying that
the proper Department may be authorized to ex-
change waste land belonging to the Government at
Brooklyn for land of the petitioner, adjoining the
navy-yard, at that place; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the memorial of Mary Okill, praying re-
muneration for loss sustained by her father, James.
Jay. in consequence of advances made by him for
the United States Government in 1779; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. CASS presented documents in relation to
the rank of A. S. Taylor as an officer in the Ma-
rine Corps; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Ros-
well W. Hasltins, praying to be discharged from
a judgment in favor of the United States against
him as one of the bail of P. A. Barker, late col-
