24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GEOBE.
December 11,
lector of the customs at Buffalo Creek; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JAMES presented the petition of A. P.
Pearce, and twenty-three others, captains and
pilots of Rhode Island, and the petition of William
P. Lewis, and eighty-three other citizens of Rhode
Island, praying for an appropriation for the con-
struction of a breakwater at Grace's Point, Block
Island; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Also, the memorial of Joshua Shaw, of New
Jersey, praying to be allowed compensation for
the past and present use, by the Government of
the United States, of his invention of the percus-
sion cap, and lock for small-arms, and percussion
locks, and wafer primers to be applied in the firing
of cannon; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of Peter
Parker, secretary of legation of the United States in
China, (by his attorney, Harvey Lindsley,) pray-
ing that an appropriation be made to compensate
him for extra salary as acting charge d'affaires
at Canton, from January 27, to April 14, 1854, a
period of two months and eighteen days, amount-
ing to §433; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. STUART presented the petition of the
register of the land office, and receiver of public
moneys at Detroit, Michigan, praying to be al-
lowed the same rate of compensation under the
present land graduation bill, as was allowed to
them prior to the act of August 4,1854; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PETITION WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of Richard K.
Meade, deooased, on tno files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The FPJESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting a statement of the appropri-
ations applicable to the service of the War Depart-
ment during the fiscal year 1853-'54; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
State, showing the disbursements for the State
Department for the year ending June 30, 3854;
which was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
BOARD OF CLAIMS.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill to establish
a board of commissioners for the examination
and adjustment of private claims, reported it with-
out amendment; and it was ordered to be printed,
lie gave notice that in a fjw days after the bill
should be printed, he would call it up for the con-
sideration of the Senate.
FRENCH CONSUL AT SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States (if
not incompatible with the public interest) bo requested to
transmit to the Senate copies of all correspondence be-
tween the Secretary of Btate and the French Government,
in relation to the late difficulties between the Consul of the
latter Government at San Fiancisco and the Federal au-
thorities in the State of California.
LAKE COMMUNICATION.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution
for consideration; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed to
report to the Senate theirifojmixtion requiicd to be obtained
respecimg the deepening of the communication between
Lakps Huron and Superior by a piovwo in the act of
March 3, 3653, making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 185-1.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing: that the bill of the House, entitled
"An act making appropriations for the repair,
preservation, and completion of certain public
works heretofore commenced under the authority
of law," returned at the last session to the House
by the President of the United States, with his
objections thereto, had failed for want of the two
thirds vote required by the Constitution in such
cases.
FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. CHASE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to abolish the franking
privilege and to provide for the distribution of the
public documents.
RIVER AND HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. SHIELDS gave notice of his intention to
introduce bills of the following titles:
A bill to continue the improvement of the Illi-
nois river;
A bill to continue the improvement of the harbor
of Waukegan, in Illinois; and
A bill to continue the improvement of the harbor
of Chicago, in Illinois.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FOOT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
extend the statute of limitations in certain crimi-
nal cases; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. GEYER asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave, previous notice not having been
given, to introduce a bill "to provide for holding
an additional term of the circuit court of the
United States for the Missouri district, and for
the salary of the judge of said district;" which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. ADAMS, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
amend the "act to establish a uniform rule of
naturalization, and to repeal the acts heretofore
passed on that subject," approved April 24,1802;
which was read a nrst time.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I move that the
bill be read a second time with a view to refer-
ence, and upon that motion I ask the indulgence
of the Senate while I explain the provisions of the
bill, and give the reasons which nave induced me
to offer it. I am aware that this is not the usual
course of proceeding—yet it is in order, and as I
know myself liable to misconstruction, I only
ask that my remarks may go to the country witn
the introduction of the bill.
The bill proposes a change in our naturalization
laws to this extent, in lieu of five years the alien
must reside in the United States twenty-one years;
but the change is entirely prospective. All foreign-
ers who may be inhabitants of the United States
at the time of the passage of the law will be enti-
tled to naturalization according to the laws now in
force; those only who may come after that period
will be affected by it. I would deprive no man of
any privilege or immunity secured by the Consti-
: tution and laws of the country, nor would I im-
| pair or abridge any nrospective rights promised
by existing laws. But, sir, self-preservation is
said to be not only the highest duty of man to
hirrself and his Creator, but one above law. The
same rule applies with equal force to Govern-
ments. If this position be true, the inquiry arises,
is the country in danger from an excess of foreign
population either immediate or remote? In order
to give the country a view of the whole subject, I
here present a table showing the increase of popu-
lation for the last fifty years, the probable increase
! by the same ratio for the next century, as well as
| the amount of immigration to this country for a
| series of years:
Increase of Population in the United States for fifty years.
1^00  5,305.925
ItflO  7,239,814
  0,638^131
 12,£66,020
! 1840 17,069,453
| 1850 23,191,876
j Decennial increase per centum,
, From 1800 to 18)0 36.45
! From 1810 to 18*20 33.35
! From 1620to 1830 .'..33.26
From 1830 to 18-10   32.67
From 1840 to 1850   35.87
The population in theyesr 1800 being 5,305,925,
and in the year 1850,23,191,876, the increase has
been 4 37 per centum on the population of 1800,
calculating the same ratio of increase for the next
fifty years, our population in the vear 1900 would
be 101,349,498, andin theyear 1950 it would reach,
if the same increase is continued, 442,907,296.
.Arrivals of Foreigners in the United States.
From 1800 to 1810  70,000
From 1810 to 1820  114,000
From 1820 to 1830  135,986
From 1830 to 1840.    5*79,368
From 1840 to September 3D, 1850   1,677,330
Total to September 30 ? 1850   2,576,684
From September 30, 1850, } ^ 439 437
to January J, 185Si, S  '
From January 1, 1852, to ) ..372 725
January 1, 1853, $  J
From January 1, 1853, to ? f ...368 643
January 1, 1854, ) • >
From September, 1850, to ? j ng gQ5
January 1, 1854, >  J  
Total   . 3,757,489
Foreign paupers for 1850, 13,437.  
Thus you wiil see, that if we should preserve
this Union, this entire continent will be necessary
for the wants of our descendants one hundred
years hence, without the addition of foreigners.
I then ask every American, whether native-bom
or adopted, if it is not our duty to preserve this
fair heritage for the use of our children, and not
lavish it on those who had no share in either
achieving our independence, maintaining our free
institutions, or developing the resources of this
happy and prosperous country. True, sir, we
have a vast unoccupied territory, yet it is being
settled and populated with a rapidity which seems
almost fabulous. By ordinary increase of popu-
lation during the next fifty years, we shall have
no more room than will be necessary for the use
of the then inhabitants. But, sir, when we look
to the fact that, from 1800 to 1810, the arrivals of
foreigners in the United States were seventy
thousand, and now they are over four hundred
thousand per annum—estimate the constantly
augmenting number of immigrants with their prob-
able increase for a few years, and it becomes
alarming. If these were the only consequences
involved I should have felt it my duty to offer
the bill under consideration; but, sir, the polit-
ical destiny of this country is one of higher
moment; the true danger lies in the improper
use of the ballot-box. I ask Senators to cast
their eyes over this country and see the number of
foreigners, (who often march in procession to the
polls,) controlled frequently by a single mind,
selecting for us our most important officers. See
the riots and mobs in our cities—look at their pro-
test on your Journals against the passage of laws
to secure to our citizens the right of self-govern-
ment; then see them hang in effigy an American
Senator for having the honesty and independence
to mete out equal justice to all sections of this Con-
federacy; see the organization of a party known as
the German Progressive Republican party, whose
avowed object, among other things, is to abolish
the Sabbatn—that holy day of rest—a day cher-
ished, loved, and revered, not only by all true
Christians, but by the toiling, laboring millions
throughout chxisiendcm, and then tell me if you do
not see danger. If this be the case, as is apparent,
is it not the duty of every patriot and statesman to
lay aside personal and party considerations, and
apply the remedy, if there be one, legitimately
within our reach? When the present naturaliza-
tion law was passed, the annual immigration, as I
have shown, was about seven thousand—they
wereboldand enterprisingmen,dispersed through-
out the country, and soon became familiar with
our Government and laws, as they still do in the
South. This is not the case now in the North and
northwest—they cometo the northern States at the
rate of nearly half a million a year; they come in
communities of hundreds and thousands. Many
remain in your cities and become servants and
waiters; others, more enterprising, go to the west-
ern Statesand settle up neighborhoods and counties
—never learn our language, but retain their mother
tongue; they have but little intercourse with Amer-
icans, and are, consequently, many years in learn-
ing the genius and structure of our Government.
Many, I admit, come here with intelligence and
patriotism sufficient to have the elective franchise
reposed in them in even less time than is now re-
quired. So with regard to minors. Many young
men from eighteen to twenty-one would vote as in-
telligently and judiciously as others atfifty, but we
cannot discriminate. We mvst legislate for classes.
If we adopt this rule, we shall have but little dif-
ficulty in arriving at the conclusion, thattheterms
of this bill are sufficiently liberal for the safety of
the country. Some will be excluded too long-
many admitted tco soon. Men born, reared, and
