1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25
educated under the monarchical governments,
taught to believe in the divine right of sovereigns
to give law and to rule, cannot unlearn in a day
the education of their lives, and if this were
possible, an alien has much to learn of the char-
acter of this Government before he should ap-
proach the ballot-box. Our Government is a
complex one, of State and Federal .powers—all
power emanating from the people—a system of
government unlike that of others, complicated in
theory, yet in practice simple and harmonious,
securing to the high and the humble, the rich and
the poor, a perfect equality of lights, dispensing
its blessings without favor or partiality from the
Atlantic to the Pacific—blessings enjoyed by no
other people known in the history of the -world,
and which it is the highest duty of every states-
man to preserve unimpaired. Then, sir, if I am
right in the assumption that foreigners should
become acquainted with our institutions before
they are allowed a vote, and five years was the
proper time for that purpose in 1802, twenty-one
years is not too long a period now.
I have attempted to present a, brief view of the
subject without giving extreme cases, or intention-
ally exaggerating facts or consequences. I believe
public opinion demands the change proposed, and
■what Is more important, I believe the safety of the
best Government ever formed by human wisdom
requires it, I said in the commencement of my
remarks, that I knew myself liable to miscon-
struction ; that liability arises first from the success
in the late elections, of a new party in this coun-
try; and next from a disposition upon the part of
some people to attribute improper motives to all
others but themselves. Wow, sir, I say that I do
not belong to the " Know-Notbing"organization,
nor any other order of the kind. I do not now,
nor have I ever belonged to any secret society, or
association that had a secret, nor has that party
or its successes any influence on my course
upon this question, unless it is to the extent of
encouraging me to believe that this or some simi-
lar bill will pass at the present or next session of
Congress. In order to show my views on this
subject before the late elections, 1 will read from
some remarks I made on the homestead bill on the
19th of April last, when the Know-Nothings
had won but few, if any, _ battles, andwhenit
was believed to be an unimportant and short-
lived party. Upon the amendment offered by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] I said:
Jiut sir, the proposition of the Senator from Ohio Is,
that you shall not only tax one portion of the people tor the
benefit of another, but that you shall tux the native-horn
and adopted citizens of this country lor the benefit ol lor-
eifniers: that you t hall say, by this bill, to every man who
m.iy reside without the limits o{ the United Stales, if lie
will come liere, that your citizens shall lie taxed to the
value of one hundred and sixty acres, and a bounty of that
amount of land bestowed upon liira. 10 that 1 am op-
" I have no hostility against foreigners. My friend from
Iowa, the othei day, on a collateral is'-uo,. on a miration
wbich came before the Senate, remarked that I had aesertiu
him, and those who act with him, on this bi 1. feir, I am
not conscious that I have ever favored the bill, or the PrIi'
ciple of the bdl: therefore, t am not a deserter from it. 1
think, if we will cast our eyes around uh- we shall see that
the time has passed when it is necessary to holdout IikIucc-
jmentd to individuals to emigrate to tlui country. Mylricnd
from Iowa said he hoped the tune would never arrive when
the people of this country would cease to remember, with
sentiments of "ratitucle, tiic claims of the descendants of the
Lafayeitos and Monfgomerics, and others who anied our
fathers jn the devolution. I hope so too ; but times lmve
chanced. The time has ceased, in my bumble judgment,
when we should continue to hold out other and different in-
ducements to individuals to immigrate and bcc()nie einxen3
of this country than are afforded by the character of our no-
tations. I would not change the poHcyoftlusGoveriunuit,
and refuse to hold out inducements such as
tofore held out to foreigners. I desire to see tins country
continue to be a home and an asylum for the omesado
all nations. J desire, whenever a foreigner sets hit.foot
upon our soil, to have thrown oyer him the P^P'y <j£?«r
free institutions, to protect him m his person, Ins proper y,
in the purtuit of happiness, and an unbounded JV^ty ot
conscience; and with that, fiorn this day forth, I will stop.
To everv man who has come here under existing laws, i
would extend ail the rights which our present laws prorm&e
lum ; and to every man who comes to this country in the
future, with the rights I have indicated, I would cease to
^^Have you not seen, sir, within the last few months,
petitions presented here and laid upon your table, remon-
KatSg, in the name of foreigners, against the action o( this
body ? Not content with that, have you not learned
the public newspapers that a mob of foreigneis,iuuhu the
stvle of foreigners, assembled together, and hanged jn cflicy
an honorable member of this body ? What does that indi-
cate ? If the act indicates anything, or has any significance,
it is that, m the estimation of those men, tbe
referred to, the chairman of the Committee on Territories,
[Mr. Douglas,] ought to be hung by the neck until he is
dead; and for what, sir ? For doi ng his duty to the Con-
stitution, to his oath, and to his country, I ask Senators,
if they do not see indications in this of a combination in
retaining the notions of the olden country, which shows
that it is necessary, not that we should check it by legis-
lation—I do not propose that at the present time—but that
we should cease to hold out any further inducements.
What do we need of further immigration from other coun-
tries? Wc have a sufficient population to protcet ourselves
against all the woild. We have a sufficient population to
settle every portion of our country which it is necessary to
settle. For the purpose of a free and happy Government,
we have a sufficient population.,y
**********
" Sir, the time tias come, if combinations are formed, if
separate distinctions are kept up by those who think proper
to adopt this as their country, when we should at least cease
to tax our own citizens for their benefit. These circum-
stances may not weigh with others; with me they have
their influence."
**********
" Mr. President, I hope I will not be considered unkind
or unfriendly to foreigners, f showed n y regard for them
during the present region, when they were denounced in
this body for alleged mobs in the ISodmi affair. I was the
first Senator to furnish an apology for what seemed to be
(from the reports in the papers) a breach of the peace, and
that hospitality to the stranger for which our countrymen
are so justly distinguished. I thought, and then said, in
substance, that some allowance was to be made for those
who had participated in the meetings referred to ; that they
had suffered from the oppiessions of the Pope; that many
of them had come from a country whore the name of the
Pope's Nuncio was *.yiionymous with tyranny, the stake,
and martyrdom for conscience sake ; it was not, therefore,
strange, when they heard that name in this country of un-
bounded liberty, that they should have committed some
excesses in manifesting their dis.ippiobation of the pait he
was supposed to have taken in the oppressions of their
countrymen. I repeat, sir, that J am not opposed to for-
eigners, but have briefly &tated my opinions as to the true
futuro policy of this Government."
My remarks on the Bedim' resolutions were
made before I had ever heard the name of the
Know-Nothing party. Thus it will be seen that
my judgment on this subject was formed inde-
pendent of the order, or rather the circumstances
upon which I formed my opinions gave rise and
succe&s to that organization; and the principles
set forth in the remarks I have quoted are the
same that are contained in this, bill, except that
twenty-one years' residence is substituted for an
entire repeal. Reflection, and further examination
of the subject, has produced the change indicated
by the bill. When I learned the indignity offered
to Senator Dour.i.as by aGerman mob,"1 determined
to introduce this bill. Since 1 gave notice of my
intention to introduce it, I have been frequently
asked if I am a Know-Nothing. I have already
said that I am* not. How far I agree with the
persons composing this organization I cannot say,
as I do not know their principles. If they are in
favor of a repeal of the naturalization laws, as I
have understood they are, then 1 differ with them
as indicated by this bill. If they are in favor of
conferring office on native-born citizens in prefer-
ence to adopted, qualifications, moral character,
and fitness in all respects being equal, then I agree
with them to that extent. If they would vote at the
polls for a Protestant (all things being equal) in
preference to a Roman Catholic, I again agree with
them. But, sir, if they were to lequtre of me to vote
for an unworthy native, against a faithful patriot
and worthy foreigner or Catholic, I should difler
with them, and bestow my suffrage on the good in
preference to the bad man of whatever nativity or
religion; nor can I be placed in a position where I
would be required to vote against my friend for
my enemy. Of all the invaluable rights secured
to'us by our Constitution and laws, the one I ap-
preciate most highly, is the untrammeled liberty of
consciencc, that every man, woman, and child in
this broad land is entitled to, and should, worship
the Deity as to him or her may seem right and
proper, or withhold their adoration, beingrespon-
sible alone to the Author of their being. This is
a liberty above price, and for this many have laid
their heads upon the block, and were the gainers
thereby. Thus esteeming the privilege, I would
deprive no one of it, from the slave to the most
exalted in the Government, and it is because I en-
tertain these sentiments, because I wish to pre-
serve these inestimable privileges—to perpetuate
our thrice glorious institutions unimpaired, that I
desire to see this bill passed. I have been asked
if I am not a Know-Nothing, why I do not attack
these secret political organ izations > I answer, that
I have never condemned or approved the Masonic
fraternity, or Odd-Fellows, further than the ex-
ternal fruit they bore. I have seen the widow's tear
dried from her eye, and the orphan clothed, fed,
and educated by their charity. Such fruit I most
cordially approve. The Know-Nothings are a
new order; whether their organization is destined
for good or evil, time alone can determine with
certainty. If we knew their principles we could
judge more correctly; as it is, we must wait.
They have not been in existence long enough for
us to see their fruit matured. If, at the organiza-
tion of the next Congress, in the other end of the
Capitol, they should come to the rescue of the
friends of the Constitution, unite with the national
men in that body in dispelling the gloom that
now hangs over the country—save the Govern-
ment from the hands of the fanatics—such acts will
meet my decided approbation. Such water could
not flow from a polluted fountain; such fruit could
not grow on a tree which has no good in it; there-
fore 1 shall judge them as I judge others, by the
good or evil they do the country.
But I am told that the States have the right, and
do exercise it, of determining the qualifications of
voters. I am apprised of that; ana my answer is,
that the States having conferred on Congress the
power of passing uniform laws of naturalization
should, in all good faith to the General Govern-
ment, and each to the others, conform the qualifica-
tion of voters to the laws of naturalization. Many
of the States have done so, while others have not;
yet such a change in public opinion has been man-
ifested recently as to justify the belief that all, or
nearly all the States will conform to the principle
of this bill, or something approximating to it. I
am not tenacious about the time—twenty-one
years. 1 named this period because I thought it the
proper one; and, so far as I have heard an expres-
sion of opinion, it is the favorite, if the bill should
not pass this session, it is presented in a legisla-
tive form, and can be transferred to the people; if
they desire it, they can elect Representatives to
pass or reject the proposition. It is a precaution-
ary, or conservative political measure. If it suc-
ceeds, no inhabitant of the United States, at the
time of its passage—whether native-born or for-
eigner—can be injured by it, for it is as much for
the benefit of one class as the other. If it should
fail, but little injury will be likely to accrue to us
in our day. Much may to our children. Why
should there be an alarm ot this proposition ? No
man in the United States can complain that injus-
tice is done to him or his. If any person has more
solicitude for the welfare of the subjects of other
Governments than the citizens of this, he differs
from me.
The patriots of the Revolution, who framed the
Constitution, and who fought side by side with
the noble foreigners in that immortal struggle, be-
lieved some restriction on the rights of citizenship
to aliens necessary; and, therefore, conferred on
Congress the power of passing uniform naturali-
zation laws, and provided expressly that no other
than natural born citizens should hold the offices
of President and Vice President of the United
States. No hearts ever beat with livelier or
warmer sentiments of gratitude than theirs; yet
they loved their country and the institutions they
founded better than all other things. If I owned
more land than is necessary for my son, I might
divide the surplus with my poor neighbors; but
as I have not, I shall certainly leave what I have
to him, and let others take care of themselves. So
if we had more territory than our descendants
would probably require within a reasonable time,
this measure would not be important in the point
of view in which I am now tieating it. I have
taken a period which may be said to be too remote,
that "sufficient for the day is the evil thereof."
This is a Divine rule, and of course proper in its
place, but does not hold good in regard to laws
for the government of man, nor providing for the
rights and safety of our successors. Suppose our
ancestors had acted upon that motto, would the
Revolution which severed the ties that bound this
country to the Government of Great Britain have
taken place? If those patriots and immortal states-
men had only looked to the benefits accruing to
themselves, and not to their posterity, would the
short time they could have expected to enjoy the
blessings of liberty been an adequate compensa-
tion for the treasure that was spent, the sufferings
endured, and the blood that was shed to obtain
independence? No, sir; for the benefit of pos-
terity, the land was baptized with the purest blood
that ever was shed upon the altar of liberty. If
they had consulted the interests of themselves
