m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11>
alone, and the wishes of their friends in the Old
"World, liberty, rational liberty, as enjoyed by us
at this day, would never have been known. Then
if we neglect legislation proper and necessary for
the protection of those who shall come after us—
both as to country and laws—are we not recreant
to the high trust reposed in us? Mr. Jefferson
said;
" Civil government being the sole object of forming socie-
ties, administration must be conducted by common
eonsent. Every species of government has its specific
principles. Ours, perhaps, are more peculiar than those
of any other in the universe. It is a composition of the
freest principles of the English Constitution, with others
derived from natural light and natural reason. To these
nothing can iie more opposed than the maxims of absolute
monarchies. Ypt, from such, we are to expect the great-
est number of emigrants. They will bting with them the
principles of the Government? they leave, imbibed in their
early youth; or, it able to throw them off, it wiH be in
exchange for an unbounded licentiousness, passing, as is
usual, from one extreme to another. It would be a miracle
were they to stop precisely at the point of temperate, hi)
erty. These puncipi'ss, with their lan^uacre, they will
transmit to their children. In proportion to their numbers
they will share with us the legislation. Tney will infuse
it into their spirit, warp and bias its directions, and render
it a heterogeneous, incoherent, di&uaeted ma?s.
"I may appeal to exoerienee for a verification of these
conjectures. But, if they be not certain in event, are they
not possible, ate they not piobable ? Is it not &afer to wait
with patience, for the attainment of any decree of popula-
tion desired or expected? May not our Government be
more homogeneous, more peaceable, more durable ?"
When Mr. Jefferson thus wrote, we were a feeble
nation; now we are strong and powerful, and his
arguments have more force from the lights of ex-
perience. In 1800 the foreign arrivals were seven
thousand, now over four hundred thousand per
annum. Suppose we estimate the increase of im-
migration for the next fifty years in the ratio of
thepastfifty, and add their natural increase. Why,
sir, it would be worse than the locusts of Egypt.
We would have to give place to them as the abo-
r^ines have to us. We know that the character
of the immigrants has greatly changed. In 1802,
the date of the present law, they were a noble race.
Some of this class yet come, but we know that
many of the present arrivals are from jails and
houses of correction—in a word, the refuse of
Europe. In 1802 we had no foreign paupers; in
1850 we had thirteen thousand four hundred and
thirty-seven. This is conclusive evidence of the
difference in past immigrants. I suppose it is the
oppressions of European Governments, which is
pouring upon our shores such numbers of paupers.
Well, sir, I sympathize with the poor and unfor-
tunate m every country, but am native American
enough to prefer that the tyrannical Governments
which produce these paupers should take care of
them, and believing as I do, that the facility with
which they become citizens serves as a great stim-
ulant to immigration, I desire to see it changed.
But, sir, there is another point of view in which
I consider this an important question. If the
foreign vote shall at any time be strong enough to
have a controlling influence in our elections, it
will greatly impair the confidence of our people in
the stability of the Government. The basis of
our political edifice may be said to be the virtue
and intelligence of the people, and the strongest
ligatures that bind and hold it together are the
confidence and affections of the people. Destroy
them, and it crumbles and falls to the earth, and
buries in its ruins the liberties of the most favored
people in the world. I ask what is better calcu-
lated to destroy the confidence of the country in
our Government than admitting to the ballot-box
the immense number of uninformed foreigners
now crowdingour shores?
If the facts and figures I have here presented be
correct, if the condition of the country, past,
present, and prospective, does not require the en-
actment of such a law as I have proposed, I have
altogether mistaken the necessities of the country.
As no human being now in the United States can
possibly be injured by it, (except myself, politi-
cally,) I shall never regret the humble eiTort I
have made to preserve to my countrymen this, the
best country and the most perfect Government
enjoyed by man since sin entered the world.
If the bill is read again without objection, I shall
move its reference to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The bill was ordered to a second reading, read
a second time by unanimous consent, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
MAIL STEAMER APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. There is an appropriation
bill which 1 believe comes up this morning. I
refer to the bill which was laid over from the last
session " making appropriations for the transport
talionof the United States mail by ocean steamers
and otherwise, during the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1855." Its consideration was fixed
for to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Walker
in the chair.) That bill is now in order.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, when this
bill came up for consideration the other day, a
question of order was raised as to whether it fell,
in consequence of the adjournment of the two
Houses, at the close of the last session. I do not
think, sir, that it is very material how that ques-
tion may be decided, because I believe it quite
unnecessary to consider the bill at this time; and
hence, I rise for the purpose of moving its refer-
ence to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. HUNTER. It cannot be referred now.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am told that such a
motion is not now in order; but I think it is. The
bill is now before the Senate. The committee of
| conference reported that they could not agree. A
j motion was then made that the Senate recede from
| its amendment. That being the condition of the
j bill, I hold that a motion to refer it to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, is in
order; and in this opinion I hope to be sustained
by the judgment of the Chair.
Sir, it seems to me, for obvious reasons, that
this bill should be referred. It makes an appro-
priation to pay the contractors for the transporta-
tion of the mails in ocean steamers; and it also
contains a section giving the notice, mentioned in
j the act of 1852, providing for a discontinuance of
| the extra allowance to the New York and Liver-
! pool line. The section making the appropriation
has passed both Houses, and therefore it cannot
be amended; but still it is virtually within our
control, because the section giving the notice—a
portion of the same bill—has not yet been agreed
to by both Houses. I say the section making the
appropriation ought not to pass, because the
j money therein appropriated has been paid to the
contractors. It was paid out of unexpended
balances in theTreasury. Such is unquestionably
the fact. Then why make an appropriation of
money to pay the contractors, when they have
already been paid?
There is another reason why the reference
should be made. The question of*notice should
not be contained in an appropriation bill, it is
contrary to the rules of the Senate to include such
a matter. It should come up as a separate, inde-
pendent, and distinct proposition.
Mr. President, I never voted for the establish-
ment of these lines of mail steamers; I Was one
of those who resisted I he proposition to give an
additional allowance of a million of dollars to the
Collins line; but the proposition to give notice
for discontinuing their contract should be consid-
ered, and carefully considered, in connection with
the recommendations of the Postmaster General
on the subject. He informs us, in his annual re-
port now upon our tables, that the contractors
have faithfully performed the service, that they
are enterprising contractors, but still that the sums
paid to them are too high. He recommends that
the notice be given, and that the Government pur-
chase the mail steamers, or rather take them in
pursuance of a provision in their contract upon
j an appraisement. Sir, 1 will be very slow in
j agreeing to take these old steamers, already half
I worn out, at any price, repair them tor naval use,
i and then call them first-class war steamers. By
the time you have taken these steamers, paid
! $300,000, or $400,000, or $500,000 for each one,
j and expended a few hundred thousand dollars for
i new machinery, and to have the gingerbread work
! and top-hamperings taken off, so as to prepare
them for war steamers, what will you have ac-
complished? You will have got old mail steamers,
with side-wheels, for the Navy. I do not think
that this is very sound economy. It will cost us,
perhaps, two or three millions of dollars to pay
for all the steamers on all the lines. It may be
that the contractors, after having received the
cream of their contracts, wish to get clear of their
old steamers. A steamer depreciates ten per cent,
every year. These steamers have been five years
in service. It may be that, at the end of five
years more, when the contract terminates, the
vessels will be of no use, and will be worth noth-
ing; apd it may be that the contractors wish to
get clear of them at this time, by inducing the
Government to purchase them.
There are questions which suggest themselves
at this time and in connection with the proposition
now under consideration. They ought to be
very carefully considered. I do not pretend to
deliver any definite judgment in the premises, and
I do not v/ish to be considered as committed on
the question. I have made these suggestions for
the purpose of showing that this is a large question
which ought to be considered and deliberately
considered by one of the standing committees of
the Senate. Hence it is that I submit the motion
to refer the subject to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
| Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to enter into a discussion of the merits of
this bill. It is an important one—one affecting
the interests of the country as well as the interests
of the parties who are more immediately and di-
rectly affected by its provisions. The first ques-
tion submitted to the Senate is one of order. I
suppose those Senators who are friendly to the
continuance of the present steam mail arrange-
ment may insist, indeed the whole Senate will
require, that the Presiding Officer shall decide
that question, because it is material. It should
be decided, because I think it may involve the
whole controversy. But my purpose in rising
now is to mak^a suggestion to the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, [Mr. Hunter,] and
I shall be very glad if he will see fit to conform
to it.
The question involved in the bill is one which
is directly connected with the administration of
the Post Office Department, or at least to a certain
extent, so far as the revenues of. that Department
are concerned. All the Senators know that the
! chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
i Post Roads, [Mr.Rusk,] who is now absent, has
felt and taken a very lively interest in the subject.
Now, sir, if, while the question of order is pend-
ing, the Senate commit the bill to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads,. they override
the question of order, and undertake, before the
Presiding Officer decides whether the bill is before
the Senate, to take cognizance of it and refer it.
I think that is a good and ample reason why it
should not be referred until the Presiding Officer
has first decided whether it is before us or not.
The merits of the biil clearly ought noi to be dis-
cussed before we know whether it is before us,
and I do not mean to go into them. I only wish
to suggest, for the consideration of the Senator
who has called up the bill, that it should be post-
poned until the chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads shall be here—first,
because the personal interest which he has felt inthe
matter will, I think, justify it; and second, because
it is a matter connected directly with the Post
Office Department, and it is only courtesy and
only fairness that it should be postponed until the
arrival of the chairman of the Post Office Com-
mittee. I understand that that Senator is expected
to be here this week, and the postponement can
make a difference of but a very few days. I
therefore hope the Senator from Virginia will
consent to the postponement."1
Mr. HUNTER. So far as I am concerned, I
am willing to wait until the Senator from Texas
arrives; I am willing to wait this week in order
to give hirn a chance to be here; hut it is neces-
sary to decide the question of order. It seems to
me that it is entirely out of order to entertain a
motion to refer a bill which is now between the
two Houses, and has been committed to a com-
mittee of conference. It has already been before
a committee of conference, and is now before us
on the motion of the Senator from Maryland,
[Mr. Pratt,] to recede from our amendment.
This is the state of the bill: It passed the Senate
with an amendment. The House refused to con-
cur in that amendment. A committee of confer-
ence was appointed. That committee reported
that they could not agree, and then the motion
was made to recede. Now, sir, there is but one
of three things which we can do. We can either
recede,and thus pass the bill; or we may adhere,
and, if the House adhere to their disagreement,
thus defeat the bill; or we may ask for another
conference. But there is no means by which we
can take the bill from the possession of the joint
