1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
by ao officer of the Navy thereof, and the burning of said
town, and the destruction of the property of the residents
thereof; and whereas, although the indignities and offenses
to the Government and people of the United States, which
it is represented caused such courses to be pursued, may
preclude the Government of said foreign country, and any
.other loreign Government, from making any just complaint
on account of said transactions; yet, insomuch as it is of
high consequence to the States, and to the people of this
Confederacy, that no violation of the constitutional com-
pact, and especially that no usurpation of the power of
Congress to "declare war," by the Executive branch of
the Government, or any officer thereof, be allowed to pass
unnoticed by the grand inquest of the country; therefore,
bo it
Rcsolrcd by the House of Representatives of the United
States, Thataselect committee,to be composed of thirteen
members of this House, be forthwith appointed, to inquire
into and investigate as to the matters mentioned in the
preamble to this resolution, with plenary power to send for
persons and papers; and that said committee be instructed
specially to inquire whether the Constitution of the United
States hath beeu violated by anyoflicer of the Government
in any of said transactions, and if so, by what officer or
ofliceis, and the circumstances connected therewith ; and
that said committer do make report to this Iloueo as early
as practicable whether any, and if so, what further action
is necessary or proper by this House in the premises.
Mr. OLDS. X raise a question of order. That
resolution is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the resolution, in its present form, is not
in order.
Mr. OLDS. It has no reference to the Presi-
dent's message.
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair presumes that
the committee would have power to recommend
the reference of that portion of the message to a
special committee.
Mr. WHEELER. I withdraw that resolution,
and offer the following as an amendment:
Rcsolvei, That so much of said me^sn^e as relates to the
bombardment and burning of the town of San Juan de
Nicaragua, or Greytown, be referred to a select committee
of thirteen, and that said committee be instructed to repoit
the facts in relation iheieto, and that said committee have
power to send for peisons and papers.
Mr. MILLSON. I raise another point of order
upon that resolution. Is it competent to the Com-
mittee of the Whole to appoint a special com-
mittee ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not, but the resolu-
tions make no reference to any committee. They
only recommend to the House to refer different
portions of the message to certain committees.
Mr. MILLSON. I refer to the amendment of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Wueelku.]
That contemplates the appointment of a select
committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not aware
of any principle of order or rule of the House
that would prevent this committee from recom-
mending the reference of any part of the message
to a select committee. The Chair does not know
that it has been usual to do it, but certainly it is
not inconsistent with the object of the resolutions
offered by the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. PHILLIPS. All the resolutions are
merely recommendatory.
Mr. MILLSON. I thought the amendment of
the gentleman from New Yorlr provided for the
appointment of a select committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is in order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 desire to knowif there
is any reason why a select committee should he
raised to have this portion of the message referred
to it. I c is at least unusual. We have, I believe,
standing committees to whom every portion of
the message may be appropriately referred.
Mr. OLDS, (interrupting.) If the gentleman
will give way, I will raise another (question of
order.
Mr. RICHARDSON yielded the floor.
Mr. OLDS. My point of order is this: that
that portion of the President's message which the
gentleman from New York seeks to have referred
to a sclect committee is, by one of the resolutions
introduced by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] referred to the standing Committee on
Foreign Affairs,and, therefore, his motion should
be a motion to amend that resolution, and not an
independent resolution to refer the same portion
of the message to a select committee, which the
gentleman from Alabama seeks to refer to a stand-
in? committee. ,
Mr. WHEELER. I offered this as an amend-
ment, withdrawing my original resolution.
Tne CHAIRMAN. So the Chair understands
it, and cannot see that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Olds] is correct in his point of order. The
Chair, therefore, overrules the point, and decides
the amendment in order.
Mr. OLDS. Did the gentleman from New York
offer this as an amendment to the resolution offered
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,]
referring that portion of the President's message
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs?
Mr. WHEELER. Yes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York offers his proposition as an amendment, and
in that form the Chair proposes to put it to the
committee.
Mr. OLDS. If the original resolution and this
amendment pass, yoa will be referring the same
portion of the President's message to the standing
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and to the select
committee of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. That is a question of
consistency and propriety for the committee to
determine.
The question was put on the adoption of the
amendment.
Mr. WHEELER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Miixson
and Kerr were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 54, noes not counted.
So, a majority of a quorum not having voted in
the affirmative, the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That so much of the Prcsnli tit'a message as
relates to tlie improvement of rivers and harbois be reterred
to tbo Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WADE. I make that motion, Mr. Chair-
man, for this reason: The resolution, as offered
by the gentleman from Alabama, and aa now be-
fore the committee, does not embrace that part of
the President's message. It refers to specific
matters to go to the Committee on Commerce,
not including this; and I simply propose by my
resolution to have this portion of it referred in
like manner. *
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the resolutions
offered by Mr. Houston, and they were collect-
ively agreed to.
Mr. OLDS. I move that the committee do now
rise, and report, these resolutions to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose;and Mr. Rich-
ardson having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, the Chairman of the committee reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the state of
the Union generally, anil especially the annual
message of the President of the United States to
the two Houses of Congress, and had instructed
him to recommend to the House a series of reso-
lutions.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the previous question
on the adoption of those resolutions.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the resolutions were adopted.
OCEAN MAIL STEAMERS.
Mr. OLDS. During the last session of Con-
gress, a hill was reported from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
relative to mail steamers. There is now pending
a motion to reconsider the vote by which it was
so referred. I ask that that motion may be con-
sidered now, so that the bill may be referred back
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
The title of the bill was read, as follows:
House bill (No. 244) abolishing the present
ocean mail steam-service, and authorizing the Post-
master General to relet the same in accordance
with the usages and regulations appertaining to
the inland mail service; and for other purposes.
The question was taken, and the motion to
reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. OLDS. I now move to recommit the hill
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
HENRY S. SANDFORD.
Mr. INGEPJ30LL. I ask leave to report from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs Senate bill No.
430, being a bill for the relief of Henry S. Sand-
ford, and to move that the bill be put upon ita
passage. I think that a few words of explanation
will satisfy the House of the propriety of my
request.
The title of the bill was then read.
Mr. SKELTON objected.
Mr, INGERSOLL. I hope that the gentleman
from New Jersey will withdraw his objection. I
move that the bill be put upon its passage.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
upon a reconsideration.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I think the Chair is in
error. The bill was reported back at this session
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, with a
recommendation that it pass.
Mr. GROW. Must it notgo to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. It had been previously
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The Sl^EAKER pro tempore. If that ia the
situation of the bill, objection being raised, itcan-
not be put upon its passage now.
Mr. COBB. I move that we proceed to the
consideration of bills upon the Speaker's table,
with a view of referring them to their appropriate
committees.
Mr. SAPP moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution in regard to the special com-
mittee appointed at the last session upon the sub-
ject of the military supervision of civil works was
agreed to, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. COBB. Is it not m order to proceed to
business upon the Speaker's table ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It can only be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. What is the regular order
of business?
The SPEAKER. The call upon committees
for reports.
On motion by Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia,
the House then, at ten minutes before two o'clock,
adjourned till to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 12, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journalofyesterday was read and approved.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the second annual report of the Superin-
j tendent of Public Printing, showing the condition
of the public printing; which was ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
CAPTAIN THOMAS PORTER.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Founev, their Clerk,
announcing that they had passed a joint resolu-
tion for the relief of the children of Captain
Thomas Porter, deceased.
Mr. PETTI T. I ask the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of the joint resolution which has
just been received from the House. It will be seen
that it is simply to supply a deficiency in a bill of
last year.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution was read a first and second lime by unan-
imous consent, and considered a." in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to direct the proper
accounting officer to pay to the administrator of
Captain Thoma« Porter, deceased, out of the
money appropriated for the payment of invalid
pensions, the amount of pension due Captain
Porter at the time of his death, by virtue of the
act of Congress of August 5, 1854, whrch money
is to be distributed, by the administrator, to Cap-
tain Porter's children, in the same manner as
arrearages of pensions are distributed to the chil-
dren of deceased pensioners.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker of the House had
signed the following enrolled bills:
A bill relinquishing to the State of Wisconsin,
the lands reserved for salt springs therein; and
A bill for the relief of Enoch S. More.
