32
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 12, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the State Department, transmit-
ting the returns made to that Department by the
collectors of the customs of the number of seamen
registered at the several ports of entry during the
year ending the 30th September, 1854; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be^printed.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Also, the second annua! report of the Superin-
tendent of the Public Printing; which, on motion
by Mr. Robbins, was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
HENRY S. SANFORD.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I desire to call up the
motion to reconsider the vote referring Senate bill
(No. 430) " for the relief of Henry S. Sandford,
late charge d'affaires of theUnited States at Paris.
The bill was then read through by the clerk.
It provides for the payment to Mr. Sandford of the
sum of $6,223 82, being the amount of difference
between the salary received by him as secretary
oflegation at Paris, from the 14th day of May,
1853, and the 221 day of January, 1854, and the
salary of charge d 'affaires for the same period,
together with the usual outfit of a charge d'af-
faires, and for necessary clerk hire, the further
sum of $1,170 G3.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If the House will indulge
me for a moment, I will explain what I con-
ceive to be the necessity for action at this time in
this case. If the motion I have made prevail, I
will then move to put the bill upon its passage.
The bill comes from the Senate, having, as I
understand, passed that body unanimously. It
was accompanied with a report from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs of that body, recom-
mending its passage. The sum and substance of
the report is, that Mr. Sandford was appointed by
the last Administration as secretary of legation at
Paris; that he acted as charge d'affaires nearly a
whole year after the return of Mr. Rives to this
country. He was, as such charge d'affaires, put
to great expense, relying for indemnification upon
the usual custom of the Government in remuner-
ating officers of this kind. I do not know of a
case where this allowance has been refused, and
I do think that under the peculiar circumstances,
considering the condition m which Mr. Sandford
is placed, and considering, too, that it has been
the usual and uniform practice in such cases to
grant the relief asked for, that there should be no
hesitation upon the part of the House in passing
the bill. I hope that the bill will be passed, and,
if in order, I move the previous question upon the
passage of the bill.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is the motion of the gentle-
man from Connecticut to discharge the Committee
on Foreign Affairs from all further consideration
of the bill, for the purpose of bringing the bill
immediately before the House?
The SPEAKER. The motion is to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The bill was referred to
that committee at the last session of Congress. I
will state in this connection, that the Committee
on Foreign Affairs of the House have consented,
and indeed instructed me to make this motion.
The bill passed the Senate by unanimous consent,
I am informed.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hope the gentleman from
Connecticut will withdraw his demand for the
previous question. Ceitamly he should do so,
after having made a speech himself.
Mr. jNGERSOLL. I will do so, if the gen-
tleman will renew it.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will do so. Itisnotmy
purpose to discuss the merits of this bill. I rise
for an entirely different purpose. I desire to say
to the House that I am not willing to depart from
the general ru'e which ought to govern this House
in reference to all bills before it, which is that
they shall come up in their regular order, as they
ptand before this body. If the House now estab-
lish the precedent of departing: from that general
rule, by taking this bill out of the usual course,
by discharging from its consideration the com-
mittee to which it has been referred, and by now
putting it upon its passage, I ask them if they can
withhold the same courtesy in reference to all
other bills, which any member may desire to
take up and pass, out of its regular order ? Cer-
tainly they cannot, and I hope, for this reason,
that they will leave the bill with the committee to
be examined by them, and reported to the House
in the usual course of business.
And, in connection with this subject, I now give
notice to gentlemen upon both sides of the House
—without desiring to act discourteously to any
member—that while there are many bills, all
having the same right to demand the consideration
of the House that this bill has, and the same
ground upon which they shall be made an excep-
tion to the general rule, and be 'taken up out of
their order, T shall object to any such course. If
you grant this request, you cannot withhold alike
courtesy in reference to any other bill.
I therefore hope, that the House, at this early
period of its session, will adhere to the general
rule, in this respect, and not establish this objec-
tionable precedent. You will save time by so
doing. Without discussing the merits of this
particular bill, I must say, that the course pro-
posed to be pursued in reference to it, will lead to
a great consumption of valuable time. You will
save that time by letting all the bills take their
regular course under the rule.
In conformity to the pledge I made to the gentle-
man from Connecticut, I now move the previous
question upon the motion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. LETCHER. Will it be in order to move
to lay the motion upon the table?
Mr. SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I make the motion.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to, forty-five only voting in favor thereof.
The question recurring upon the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Edmundson
and Dover, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—fifty-eight in the affirmative; noes not counted.
So the motion was disagreed to, a majority of
a quorum not voting in favor thereof.
The SPEAKER. Reports are now in order
from the Committee of Elections.
REFERENCE OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. PECKHAM. I desire, at this time, to
make amotion to reconsider the resolutions adopted
yesterday by the House, by which the subjects
embraced in the President's message were referred
to the different committees. I did not myself in-
tend to participate in a discussion upon the mes-
sage. But I confess myself very much surprised
at the very early disposition of it, and its being
taken out of the Committee of the Whole when
but one person had been heard in regard to it.
There is one portion of the message in reference
to which I desire to make some remarks—not in
a general discussion—yet I am not prepared to
make them now. There are some facts which I
desire to possess myself of, before I wish to be
heard upon the matter. I therefore move to re-
consider the vote by which the reference was
made, and ask that the motion may stand for a
day or two.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from New York will be entered, and it is
competent for the House to allow the consideration
of it to pass over.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Consider it now.
The SPEAKER. 11 is competent for any mem-
ber to call it up at his pleasure.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
New York can discuss any point in the message,
when we are in Committee of the Whole again—
the message having been referred—just as well as
f the message were up for consideration. I do
not see that it is important, to accomplish his
object, that the vote by which the message was
referred, should be reconsidered.
Mr. PECKHAM. I believe, with the gentle-
man, that it can be done, but never so appropri-
ately as when the message is before the House
or the committee for consideration. Then, I pre-
sume, is the proper time for discussion. I have
no intention of making a general speech on the
subject. There, however, is a portion of the mes-
sage which, in some degree, ought to be debated,
and its positions called to the attention of this body
and the country. There certainly can be no great
desire, nor any important consideration which
requires the matter at once to be disposed of. I
see no reason why it should be; and I should be
obliged to the House if it would allow the motion
for reconsideration to stand for a day or two for
the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from New
York proposes to postpone consideration and action
on his motion for reconsideration to some future
day. If it be agreed to, it will be on the express
ground and for the specified purpose of enabling
him to submit a speech which he admits can as
appropriately and as competently be made on any
of the appropriation bills as on the reference of
the President's message.
Mr. PECKHAM. Not as appropriately.
Mr. HOUSTON. Just precisely the same lat-
itude of debate is allowed in the one case as in
the other. And, Mr. Speaker, this House will
indeed be presenting itself in a strange and re-
markable attitude to the country, if business is
delayed for debate at a short session, when it is
so important to make an early commencement.
We have no right to expect that we shall be, in
any way, very much profited by any debate which
may grow up on the President's message. It is
asking the House to do a great deal to withhold
this business from the committees of the body, and
to prevent early action at this short session, simply
for the purpose of hearing a gentleman make a
speech. I should bemuch pleased tohearthegen-
tleman from New York make a speech on the Pres-
ident's message, or any other subject which could
come before us for discussion; but I cannot, as a
member of this body, and desirous to advance the
public business, givea vote by which I will cause
a stand-still of the legislation for a week or two to
hear my friend from New York deliver his views
on particular points. I candoitfornogentleman,
and therefore I move that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
Mr. PECKHAM. Permit, Mr. Speaker, a
single remark by way of answer to the gentleman
from New York.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table is not debatable, as
the gentleman is aware.
The question was taken, and the motion to re-
consider was laid upon the table, there being, on
a division, ayes eighty-five, noes not counted.
JACOB M'LELLAN.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled a bill of the
following title; which received the Speaker's sig-
nature: A bill for the relief of Jacob McLellan.
PRESERVATION OF LIFE AND PROPERTY.
Mr. FULLER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report back Senate bill
No. 393, entitled " An act for the better preser-
vation of life and property from vessels ship-
wrecked on the coasts of the United States," with
a recommendation that it do pass.
The bill comprises but four sections, and is sim-
ple in its provisions. I may say for the informa-
tion of the House, that if it had been acted on at
the last session it would have been the means, in all
probability, of saving the lives of more than three
hundred persons who have since been destroyed
in the very locality where it is now proposed to
authorize and direct the Secretary to erect stations
and supply all the paraphernalia for the preser-
vation of human life. It is one of those cases
which demands immediate action, and I trust that
the bill may be now put upon its passage.
The bill was read hi exienso.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Was there consent
to take up the bill?
The SPEAKER. The bill has been regularly
reported from the Committee on Commeice, and
the question now is, shall it be read a third time?
Mr. LETCHER. 1 have not examined the
bill, but I think that it mokes an appropriation.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, I was about to
suggest that the bill had better be referred for
farther consideration to the Committee of the
Whole on the stato of the Union. The Iloute
'will see that this is only a part of a great model
