THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1854.
New Series....No. 3.
By stem, the effect of which is to increase the pub-
lic charge and multiply public offices. We are
at the beginning of a system, there is no doubt,
by which we are to establish posts all along the
sea-coast of the United States, and which will
prodigiously augment the public expenditures. St
is a subject which demands at our hands the
gravest consideration, for although the bill before
us is in itself of little importance, still we must
not lose sight of the obviously great and import-
ant results of the great system designed. There-
fore, if it be in order, for really I have not had
time to examine the bill carefully, I move that it
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. FULLER. The bill makes no appropria-
tion, and it is not therefore necessary that it
should receive its first consideration in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
If I had supposed, Mr. Speaker, that there
■would have arisen any serious objection to the
bill from my friend from Virginia, or others, I
should have prefaced my motion with a more de-
tailed exposition of the provisions of the measure.
I believe the bill has been carefully considered. It
has passed the Senate. It has the recommendation
of the Secretary of the Treasury; and it has also
the recommendation of an extensive memorial of
a humane society, and of different chambers of
commerce. Sir, it appeals to the good sense of
every person who takes an interest in the preser-
vation of human life.
It is well known to this House that the partic-
ular locality for which this bill makes provision,
is one of peculiar danger. And here I desire to call
the attention of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Smith} to the fact that this bill is not general in
its application; it only applies to particular locali-
ties—to the coasts of New Jersey and Long
Island, the coasts to which the emigrant ships are
drawn in entering the harbor of the great city of
New York. I call the attention of the gentleman
to the case of the New Era, which is of so recent
date that it must be fresh in the minds of every
member of the House.
There are erected upon that coast certain sta-
tions, and certain means supposed to be useful in
the preservation of human life—such as surf-boats,
mortars, ropes, and various other paraphernalia,
to aid in saving the lives of shipwrecked passen-
gers and mariners. Owing to the inefficiency of
these preparations, however, in the case of the
New Era, the melancholy spectacle was witnessed
by thousands of persons standing upon the shore,
of over three hundred persons perishing one by
one, without the possibility of being saved.
The compensation provided by this bill is only
$200. The distance of coast ia limited, nnd_ I do
not think upon a subject so exclusively within the
control of Congress as this is, the sum anpiopri-
ated should excite the fear or alarm, that any
extravagant system of expenditure is to be initiated.
Sir, it is a humane provision, and one which ad-
dresses itself peculiarly to the good sense of this
Home. It is one which requires immediate
action. The Secretary of the Treasury, in his
annual report, has called the attention of Congress,
and the country particularly,to the subject. And
really, sir, 1 do not know that 1 shall have another
opportunity of presenting tins measure to the
House during this short session, in which so
much business is crowded, if it is not disposed of
now. 1 appeal to gentlemen, therefore, to forego
their objections in this case. If the bill should be
found to b,e defective in any particular, the cor-
recting hand of reform can be applied in amend-
ment to it hereafter.
I say again, therefore, that I hope, in a ques-
tion of this importance, no particular scruples will
actuate the House in insisting upon the reference
of this bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of tiie Union, where it will sleep the sleep
that knows no waking.
Mr. SKELTON. I will not occupy the atten-
tion of the House for any length of time. I should
not have spoken at all upon the subject—though
it is one in which i take a very deep interest-—but
for the most extraordinary motion made by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith.] It is
known that if the motion to refer to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union prevail,
it will be killing the bill. Every member of the
House knows very well that we shall never be
able to reach it. Now, sir, I ask the House,
upon principles of economy, as well as of justice
and humanity, to pass this bill at once.
We havo already erected upon that coast a
number of stations, and life-boats, and other
articles have been purchased to aid in the pres-
ervation of life. The Secretary of the Treasury
has recently caused an appropriation of $20,000
to be expended upon that coast in stations, life-
boats, &c.; and there is no one there to take care
of them. We have, on the coasts of Long Island
and New Jersey, property to the amount of
§50,000, for the preservation of human life. No
one has charge of it, and it is going to decay.
The ropes, upon various occasions, have been
found to be rotten from exposure; and the boats
are going to decay for want of proper care.
Now, sir, this is not the first appropriation for
this object. Since 184S there have been appro-
priations annually made for the same object, and
they have been seconded by an association of
highly intelligent gentlemen in New York,—a life
saving society,—and thousands of lives have
already been saved by the means which have been
used upon our coast.
I will now call the attention of the House to the
fact that the loss of life upon the coasts of New
Jersey and Long Island is over one thousand
annually. Now, will any man in this House hesi-
tate to make the trifling appropriation which we
ask to save those lives? This bill, however,
merely enables the Secretary of the Treasury to
preserve the property which wc have already
accumulated upon these coasts; but, in addition to
the accomplishment of this object, it will also in-
crease the efficiency of the appropriations which
are annually made. The stations first established
there have been found not to be sufficient. As I
said before, over a thousand lives, not only of
foreign emigrants to our shores, but of our own
citizens, are lost annually upon these shores.
When the wind blows from the north, vessels are
blown upon the coast of New Jersey, and when
it blows from the south, they are blown upon that
of Long- Island. Now, I appeal to this House if
it would not be an act of justice as well as hu-
manity, for us to nmke this appropriation? We
are the protectors of the commerce of the country,
and it is our duty to protect the lives of those
who are wrecked upon our coast. Every vessel
which passes in ant! out of the narrow channel, at
the entranceof theNcw York harbor,ia liable to be
driven upon one or the otter of these coasts. Mr.
Speaker, the amount of property annually de-
stroyed—nay, sir, the customs, the revenue, that
would have been collected upon that property, are
sufficient, ten times over, to balance the amount
of expenditure involved in the means of protection.
So that I appeal to this House, not only upon the
principles of humanity and of justice, but upon
principles of economy, to pass this bill. It is a
matter of much importance that it should pass at
once, and that there should be somebody to take
care of this property, and to use the means which
wo have already furnished.
Some gentlemen may think that our people who
are living upon the coast, should take care of the
property and use their own means. So they have.
They have saved thousands of lives, and they will
save thousands more. But I appeal to this House
if it is fair that these men, living upon the coast,
for the most part poor fishermen, should be in-
volved in all the expense which they annually
incur for the preservation of human life ? Is it
right, is it proper, that we should impose this
duty upon them ? Is it unreasonable that a man
should be appointed at a cost of only $200 ? Gen-
tlemen must remember that the person who ia
appointed must incur much danger and much
hardship in the performance of his duty, and all
for the pitiful sum of §200.
But I will not detain the House longer. As I
have already said, I appeal to them upon the
principle of economy, as well as of justice and
humanity, to pass this bill, which will- in all
probability have the effect of saving the lives of a
thousand persons annually upon that dangerous
coast. The country, I say, demands that we
should give protection to these men, who are cast
upon our sea-coast, and I hope, sir, that this bill
will be put upon its passage, and carried through,
without delay.
Mr. CAMPEELL. Mr. Speaker, I acknowl-
edge the force of the appeal which has just been
made to the sympathies of the House by the
honorable member from New Jersey; but I should
like to know whether this bill will not come within
that class of improvements which the Executive
has already notified us he intends to veto.
Now, sir, I made an appeal in vain the other
day to the House to postpone its action on a very
important measure—the river and harbor bill,
under Executive veto—until we might learn the
opinions of the President upon the great constitu-
tional questions involved in all these bills, in order
that we might know and fully understand the
position upon which the President plants himself.
The honorable gentleman from New Jersey has
made an appeal to the House, and I am not pre-
pared to say that I can resist it; for I am satisfied
that some action is necessary for the preservation
of human life upon the sea-board. But, sir, there
is a class of politicians upon this floor who, whilst
they are deeply solicitous for the lives of foreign
emigrants landing upon our shores, seem to forget
that thousands and tens of thousands of the pre-
cious lives of hardy, native-born Americans are
annually destroyed upon the northern lakes, and
upon the great rivers of the interior. This wrong
is not because of the want of legislative action, but
because there is a power above legislation which
controls our action through the veto. There is a
class of members, too, who seem to disregard con-
stitutional principles, and appeal to the House in
behalf of appropriations for their particular local-
ities, and, at the same time, by their votes sustain
the Executive veto based upon the same principle
of their votes.
Sir, as a national man, as a Western man, as a
member representing, in part, that great suffering
interest in inland commerce, I appeal to the Rep-
resentatives of the nation to stand up, not merely
for the protection of the lives of foreign immi-
grants put in jeopardy pn the sea-board, but for
the protection of the lives and fortunes of the
native-born hardy boatman of the great inland
rivers, and of the weather-beaten sailors of our
northern lakes. We hear through the press and
by telegraph, almost daily, of disasters on those
waters and lakes, but this House turns a deaf ear,
and appeals are madeto the Executive in vain. I
desire to know why it is so, Mr. Speaker; for I
do not propose to discuss this bill or to oppose ita
passage. I want consistent and uniform action.
I want to know if the sea-coast is prepared to ex-
tend that to us which she so imploringly asks ?
if not, let us know it; for, in the forcible language
of the honorable member from Illinois, [Mr. Rich-
ardson,] who I do not now see in his seat, at the
close of the last session, if the great thoroughfares
of the interior are not to be regarded as objects
worthy of national consideration, then your little
localities on the coast of New Jersey and else-
where cannot be so regarded by us under the
Constitution. If the honorable gentleman will
point me to that provision in the Constitution
which authorizes even the appropriation of the
pittance of §200 for an object like this, I will point
him to the same provision as the authority upon
which we who advocate the improvement of the
rivers and harbors of the interior of all the sec-
tions of the Union rest our cause. The Consti-
tution was not made for the coast of New Jersey
alone, nor for the coast of New England, nor for
the coast of the South; it was made for the whole
country—for the protection of the interests of the
inland as well as of the exterior.
Mr. SKELTQN. Allow me one word.
