1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
bear in mind that I made no charge of robbery
or piracy against anybody in the world. 1 sim-
ply slated what is generally a true and admitted
proposition. These people who live down on
the Jersey coast where wrecks of vessels fre-
quently occur, have a very convenient way of
taking care of themselves. I do not suppose that
the people of New Jersey are any better than the
people of any other Suite. But let that pass. I
desire to call the attention of the House to the
provisions of this biil, and I will be obliged to
gentlemen while 1 am commenting: upon the bill if
they will not interrupt me.
" Jlnd he it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, -tiuthorized to appoint a
keeper at a compensation not oxoeodui^ $200 at each of
the stations to bo established undur the provisions of the first
section of this act."
Just look at this. The patronage of the Federal
Government is greatly increasing and must be
diminished, fs this the way the gentleman from
New Jersey, [Mr. Skelton,] who is a strict con-
structionist of the Constitution, proposes to carry
out so important a reioim? No, sirl He is
directly proposing to multiply ths number of Fed-
eral officers, by providing for an additional number
to be appointed at these stations.
li And a superintendent!"
"What shall these superintendents do?
" Who shall a'so have the powers and peiiorm the duty
of an inspector of the customs lor each of Urn coasts thprcm
mentioned, and to give t-aid keepers and .supwrinteruii'iit^
proper instructions leUuve to the duties to be required of
them."
Here is a nice fat office provided for these
superintendents, and, of course, they cannot have
less than an inspector's allowance. The duty of
the superintendent will be to travel from station
to station, and get his mileage. It will make a
very nice place for some of these worthy and
honorable gentlemen of New Jersey.
"Sue. 3. That no boar shall he purchased and located
at any point oth<>r lhan ou tho coasts ot Long Inland and
New Jersey, unless the same be placed in the immediate
care of an ofticer of the Government, or unless bond shall
be given by proper individuals, living in the neighborhood,
conditioned for tho care and preservation of thti same and
itd application to the uses intended."
Here is a provision that every boat purchased
for this service shall be placed in the charge of an
officer of the Government. It is impossible to
tell the number of officers that this law actually
covers. We have herea multiplication of officers
provided for by this section.
But, without dwelling upon this subject, let me
read the fourth section;
" That tho Secretary of thnTrrawury be, and he ia here,
by, authon'/.od to i^tabhsh bianmirf at such light house# as
in hia judgment lie shall deem best, and tlx* keepeis of
such lights *tial! tak« durgc ot such boats and apparatus
as may be put in their chmge respectively, an a puiiol'iheir
official duties."
We have a countless number of light-houses.
Discretion is given to the Secretary of the Treasury
to establish stations at these light-houses and to
provide keepers for them. The previous portions
of the bill provided that theie should be an
increase of stations, and this section of the bill,
under the construction that may be given to it,
allows a keeper fur each station, and a keeper
without duty, because it u made the duty of the
light-house keeper to take care of the boats. I
have no hesitation in saying, that under this bill
you would have hundreds of J'cderal officers
added to the number we now have. The question
now is, whether this bill shall be carefully con-
sidered in Committee of the Whole, or whether
it is to be put through in hot haste. 1 have called
the attention of the House to the provisions of
this bill. I have no interest in the world m this
question, and I have intended to cast no reflections
upon any one. Not intending to go into any
discussion as to the merits of the constituency
which the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
Skelton] represents, and having called the atten-
tion of the House to the provisions of the bill, I
am perfectly willing that the House should do as
it pleases with the bill, without feeling myself
any particular anxiety about its fate.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not purpose to tax
the attention of the House by any analysis of the
biil, or by any argument upon its merits; but as
gentlemen have thought proper to speak to this
bill, because their constituents were concerned, I
feel myself called upon by the same rule and with
the same impulse, to utter & few words in behalf
of the passage of the bill. The coast that is to be
guarded is the coast of New Jersey, but the
navigation that is to be defended is probably the
navigation of New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore,
and the world.
I agree with the honorable gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell,] that there should be something
done for the preservation of human life and valu-
able property upon the lakes, but 1 would not
pretermit a single exertion to save human life
and property upon the Atlantic coast—upon that
coaPt which has become in an especial manner a
Golgotha, full of dead men's bones, and which
demands the attention of legislation m behalf of
humanity. It is not because it is for one man, or
another man; for one country or another, that
legislation is required. We all remember the
beautiful quotation that the honorable gentleman
from New York [Mr. Smith] made at the last
session—find I regret that the honorable gentle-
man who succeeds him has not begun already to
fulfill the task which his predecessor began so
well to discharge, that of teaching us true oratory
and its true uses—a quotation which he made m
Latin, fromTerrence, but which! will freely render
into English: <f 1 am a man,and all that concerns
humanity interests rnc." Whether the human
bemgs whose lives are lost are from Germany,
Ireland, or any of our own States, is a matter of
no consequence. They are human beings, and
their safety demands the attention of the Govern-
ment under which the place of their peril is found;
and while Congress could have done much to save
their lives, their death, horrible as *It was—death
m its most hideous form—' i cries aloud against the
deep"—neglect by which they were left to perish.
The honorable gentleman from Vuginia [Mr.
Smith] alludes to something which he seems to
tlnnk is a fact, that persons residing upon the sea-
coast are very apt to help themselves to the mer-
chandise that is cast up there, and that they find
a compensation in the jetsam and flotsam of the
ocean. The jetsam and flotsam of the New Jer-
sey coast are human bodies, three hundred of
which were thrown or floated upon that coast in
the last wreck, if there is any last wreck in that
place of peiii. The people in that vicinity stop not
to pay themselves, but to afford help—to give
human waifs that burial which the dead demand
from the living. Three hundred of thorn required
that attention which only the living can give, and
which only the dead can receive.
Sir, it is wrong to the cause of humanity to im-
plicate the people of any part of our country in
charges, such as the honorable gentleman from
Virginia threw upon them, and especially wrong
to the people of New jersey. I have very little
connection with them now, but I know them all
along that coast, and although, mingled among
them, as with all other people, there are those
who disgrace humanity, yet these are only an
exception to the general rule. Those who live on
that sterile coast, derive from the sandy soil a
nourishment which you and I cannot live upon.
You, Mr. Speaker, who enjoy ihc rich products
of the deep soil of Kentucky; and I, who know
what our markets derive from that soil, can
scarcely tell what the barren sands of New Jersey
pioduce; yet these men live theie honestly, and
are every winter employed m extending to human-
ity that aid which Christianity makes, at once a
duty and a pleasure.
And we are told that they are to derive their re-
ward for the rescue of life, in the jetsam and flotsam
of the coast. Sir, after that assertion, we must
pass the bill, or we may be charged with pointing
the shoresmen of the country to a mode of com-
pensation not recognized by Jaw or humanity.
And the wretch who would leave the sufferer to
pillage, or would rob (he dying to compensate for
unavailing labors, may plead the want of action
of this House on the bill, and the argument that
delayed its passage.
We aiso are told that we are not to pass the bill,
because it places unlimited power in the hands of
the Secretary of the Treasury. An awful power
along that sandy coast! from Cape May to Barn-
egat, and from Barnegat to Sandy Hook, where
circumstances require it, to establish a house, or
wretched hovel, to hold the gun and the ball, and
to keep dry the powder which is to throw to the
wrecked ship the means which is to save the few
who can be saved of the thousands who fcrowd
and perish in the stifling places b^w^en her dec%.
A few hundred dollars a year! Two hundred dol-
lars a year! Fifty-six cents a day, sir, are to be
paid to these men who watch over the cause of
humanity. Scarcely a fee to a city surgeon for
setting a broken limb, or even a broken finger.
Two hundred dollars a year!
But then there is another man, we are told,
who is to be set over these men. An inspector of
customs is to be appointed to watch all along that
coast. Awful expenditure! It is well for us, in
the spirit of true economy, to place there an
inspector whose duty it shall be to see that the
goods cast upon that coast shall not be gathered
up from the wreck, and sent into market without
paying the duty which is imposed upon all other
goods. It is then a good law, in this view of the
case, without regard to the benefit to humanity.
But when humanity appeals to us, shall this
House hesitate a moment to bestow this power
upon the Secretary, at the loss of more than a
thousand lives a year—lives which would be saved
by the machinery and means called for by the
provisions of this bill?
Every man who knows that coast, and its his-
tory, knows perfectly well that if efficient ma-
chinery had been supplied, every soul of the three
hundred who were lost upon the New Era might
i have been saved. But the machinery was insuf-
ficient, and the help was incompetent. Those
who would assist were not men brought up to the
work, whose duty it was to save human life.
I do not stop to inquire who were on board that
ship. But we know they were poor Germans,
who spoke not our language, but they spoke a
language which reached the ears of the Jersey-
men. It went across the waves, and reached the
hearts of men who would have rushed to their aid,
even at the risk of life, if they had been provided
with the machinery and boats which this bill se-
cures, and probably would have saved threehun-
dred human beings. I do not stop to inquire of
the value of those lives, what they were worth,
soul and body—soul and body together are worth
something.
But it is said Jerseymen will come down here
and secure all these ofiices; that Jerseymen will
be employed at this salary—two hundred dollars
a year. Not of necessity, Mr. Speaker; not of
necessity. If the Secretary of the Treasury is so
disposed, he need not appoint Jerseymen who live
along the coast. He can find men who will take
the places without confining the patronage of the
Government to New Jersey, New York, or Dela-
ware. He might, sir, bestow his favor for once
in a way upon an F. F. Y.
I do not desire, Mr. Speaker, any inconsiderate
action by this House. This is the bill which was
laid over from the last session, and many people
thought it unnecessary to pass it at that session.
There will be no winter storms upon us, they said.
But there have been storms and wrecks, and six
or seven hundred lives have been lost, which might
have been saved.
I think, therefore, we ought to act upon it now;
and, if no one wants to speak, I will move the
previous question upon the bill.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
The main question being, shall the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union? it was put and decided in the neg-
ative.
The bill was then, according to order, read a
third time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put.
The main question being upon the passage of
the bill,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 126, nays 45; as follows:
YEAS—Messr*. Aiken, Ball, Belcher, Bennett, Benson,
Bliss, Budges, Bugs, Campbell, Carpenter, Camthers,
I Chamberlain, Chandler, Chase, Chnrchwell, Clark, Cling-
Faulkner. Fonton, Fiagler, Florence, Fuller, Giddmgs,
Goodwin, Green, Greenwood, Grow, Aaron ilarlan, Har-
rison Hastings, Baven, Jlenn, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Ilunt,
In^ersoll, Jolrnson,Daniel T Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kerr,
Kittcedge, Knox, Kurtz, Lane, Latham, McCulloch, Mac-
