43
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
tution itself, and an immense power, important to
individual happiness and welfare, and to the gen-
eral safety, ia deposited in it by constitutional
devolution—there it is, and there it must be)—I
ask whether it ia either wise, or just, or fair, or
liberal, while the compensation of every officer of
the Government, if we except the President of the
United States, has been increased to meet the
increase of expenditure, and the advancement of
the country and the growing official labors and
duties, that we should leave these most important
officers, these who must continue to exercise those
high functions, these who are established by the
Constitution itself, these for whom we can find no
substitute, if we would, and have not the power
to eject a substitute, if we could find one, ham-
pered in their private relations, with all the incon-
venience and embarrassments of a deficient sup- I
port, and have their minds distracted in the midst
of their judicial duties, by the difficulties of meet-
ing the pecuniary demands which devolve upon
them as head of families? Is it just, or safe, or
wise, as the spirit of adventure and speculation
advances, as the opening up of new countries
progresses, as the bringing forward of new and
large subjects of litigation increases upon us, to
leave them open, as needy and half paid men
must be open, to temptations,before which many
of the mighty have, in times past, fallen ? Is it
just to them? Is it safe to us ? Is it wise for the
country ? Sir, these questions can receive but one
answer. The additional amount of expenditure
from the Treasury I regard as nothing; it is but
as the drop from the bucket; but the advantageof
the measure to us, and to our country, is, in my
apprehension, so large that it scarcely admits of
exaggeration.
There is another feature in regard to this bill,
Mr. President, on which I wish to say a word.
I have not made its provisions prospective merely.
X have made it to commence with the present session
of Congress. I have made it so because I consider
it right that it should be so. No gentleman who
has come here this winter has failed to learn this
fact—that if a sense of justice towards members
of Congress requires that some addition should
be made to their compensation,such increase was
never more needed than it is now. I do not,
therefore, yield to what I consider a fastidious
modesty in professing that while I feel it is un-
just that other gentlemen should, serve for a to-
tally inadequate compensation, I nevertheless
think it right and just that I should serve for
such myself. I do not arrogate to myself any
superiority over my compeers here, but I have no
hesitation in saying that I deserve to have, and
that I need; better compensation than I.receive
under the existing law; and deserving it and
needing it, I do not hesitate to vote it to myself.
At the same time, Mr. President, in connection
with that, I would say that there is no gentleman
in this Chamber who would divest himself more
entirely of personal consideration than 1 would,
and no one v^ho would be less influenced by pe-
cuniary consideration than I would. No one, if
1 thought it desirable, would more cheerfully
surrender any such advantage than myself. But
I lay no stress upon that provision. I think it
right, and therefore I insert it; but 1 shall cheer-
fully yield to any opinion of the Senate that it
would be either wiser, or better, or more prudent,
or more modest, or more self-denying to give to
that portion of the bill a prospective operation.
Mr. President, there is another point upon
which I wish to submit a remark or two before I
take my seat. You will have observed that the
bill winch i have presented to the Senate contains
no reference to what is called the mileage of mem-
bers of Congress. We have often, sir, been
admonished, by a portion of our fellcw-citizens
%vho take an exceeding interest in our conducting
the affairs of the nation with prudence, propriety,
and justice, and who seem long since to have
embraced the opinion that the wisdom of the
nation rests with them—we have often been ad-
monished, in various ways—through the news-
paper press and otherwise—that we ought to
diminish the mileage which is allowed to mem-
bers of Congress. We have been told that great
abuses have crept into the mileage system, and we
have been invoked to abolish or reduce the ine-
quality which exists in the mileage given to the
different members of this and the other branch of
Congress. I have seen already, since I gave notice
of my intention to introduce this bill, a very kind
intimation that it would be well for me to seize the
present occasion to accomplish a reform in that
direction. Sir, I receive all these intimations with
great kindness; but I have never let my mind be
disturbed in theleast by them. I am opposed to any
proposed interference with the subject of mileage.
I maintain that the present system of mileage
is, upon the whole, just and right, and dictated by
a wise policy, though there may be individual
cases in which it cannot be said that it is just or
right, as there will be under all general laws, frame
them as you will. As a system it is founded upon
a wise and just principle, and makes a discrim-
ination which, is the main, is a proper and just
discrimination. For instance, there is my friend
from Texas, who is not now in his seat, and who
is at the head of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, [Mr.JRosic;} he receives in the
short session of Congress, a great deal more
money than I do. He has a sum allowed him for
mileage that is perhaps some eight or ten times as
large as is allowed to me; but supposing that I
had equal claims upon the country, and brought
as large an amount of weight and influence into
the deliberations of this body as my absent friend
does, and that we stood therefore precisely upon
an equality in all those respects which concern the
effective representation of our respective States, is
any injustice done by this inequality? There is
none, sir, in my opinion; and I have a very short
and simple method of testing that inquiry by ap-
plying it to myself. I would rather attend a ses-
sion of Congress in this city from the place in
which I reside, without any mileage, than to
attend a session of Congress in this city from the
State of Texas, or attend a session of Congress in
St. Louis, or Louisville, or Cincinnati, or Texas,
from my present home, with three times the mile-
age that is paid to my honorable friend from
Texas.
There is, in my opinion, an entire misappre-
hension in the public mind with regard to the
purpose for which Congress, in 1818, settled this
question of mileage. It was not with the view,
wholly or chiefly, of furnishing to members a sum
of money to cover their traveling expenses. It
was no such thing. The attempt had just been
made to give what was thought to be a more
adequate compensation, in the form of a salary,
to members of Congress. The public reprobation
of that measure had compelled its repeal. But, in
adjusting a new method of compensation, what
did Congress do? When all the conveniences and
all the facilities of traveling had increased, and
when all the expenses of traveling had been di-
minished, they increased the allowance for what
is called mileage. Why, sir; why?
Mr. President, on looking at the subject, it is
impossible to resist the conclusion that they
adopted it as a method by which some equality of
compensation, in the true sense of equality, might
be made to gentlemen who were called, in the ser-
vice of their country, to attend either House of
Congress. It was thought, and thought reason-
ably, and thought justly, that the sacrifice to a
gentleman who left his home to go to a distance
of twenty-five hundred or three thousand miles
to attend a session of Congress, was vaslly greater,
the- inconvenience to him was vastly greater, the
loss of his business, the disorder of his private
aft'airs, were vastly greater than in attendinga ses-
sion of Congress near to the place of his abode,
and the compensation was adjusted upon the
mileage, with a view to make, as far as possible, a
real equivalent for the supposed and real difference
which existed in the loss and the sacrifice neces-
sarily involved in such an attendance by persons
remote from the seat of Government.
I have, therefore, always been opposed to inter-
fering with the subject of mileage. I am opposed
to it now. If it were possible to equalize the sub-
ject of mileage by bringing those up who get too
iittle, it might commend itself as a wise and judi-
cious economy. But, in my opinion, it would be
both unwise and unjust to interfere in the manner
proposed with the mileage now allowed, and
which, considering it as a system, is founded upon
sound principles, and accomplishes, in the main,
the purposes of justice which the framers of the
system intended to accomplish.
But, sir, with regard to our per diem. All of
us feel that we fall greatly short of what we ought
to have. Why, sir, is the fact known to you, is
it known to the country, that, at this session of
Congress, every gentleman who lives within a
reasonable distance of the capital, will receive less
compensation for his attendance and services here
than nearly every one of the officers of the Senate;
greatly less than any of the clerks in the Secre-
tary's office; by no inconsiderable sum, compared
to the whole amount, less than the pay of the
messengers in the service of the Senate ? Can
that be right, or reasonable, or just ? Do we not
bring here equal claims upon our country with the
■messengers who are employed in our service? Is
not our time as valuable to us, and, when devoted
to the public, as valuable to the public? Can it be
reasonable, and just, and respectable, and honora-
ble, that the members of either House of Congress
should receive, during the session, less money for
their attendance than is paid to the messengers
who attend upon the committees, and who attend
at our doors, and prosecute the other duties of
their stations, and thus promote the convenience of
members in their private as well as in their public
relations ?
If you go into the executive department the
disproportion is still greater. Even a clerk of the
lowest grade receives a yearly compensation
greater than, at a short session of Congress, the
members of each House receive who live within a
reasonable distance—who do not live more than
five hundred miles from the capita!—and the addi-
tion which those who do live beyond that distance
receive in the shape of mileage is but a fair effort
to compensate them for the greater sacrifices which
they make and the greater inconveniences which
they endure than their brother members.
Sir, I think the provisions of this bill are founded
in reason and justice. It is free from the objec-
tions which I stated two years ago, to the measure
moved by my friend, then in this body, from the
State of Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood.} It leaves
all the principles of the present law untouched,
and simply makes what I deem a reasonable addi-
tion to the compensation of the judges of the Su-
preme Court, and of the members of both Houses
of Congress.
I have no doubt that the measure will commend
itself to the approval of the whole American peo-
ple; and I hope that it will receive the sanction of
the Senate and of the other House of Congress.
I will not, Mr. President, at this time, unless
some Senator desires it, move any reference of the
bill; but, with the approbation of the Senate, will
let it take its place upon the Calendar, and be
printed, so that the Senate may hereafter take it
up,'and make any disposition of it they think
proper. I therefore ask that that course may be
pursued. Let the bill take its place upon the Cal-
endar, and let it be printed.
The further consideration of the bill was post-
poned until to-morrow; and it was ordered to be
printed.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives for the relief of the
legal representatives of John Putnam, reported it
back without amendment.
NOTICES OF A BILL.
Mr. SHIELDS gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for the
establishment of a marine hospital at Galena,
Illinois.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, asked and obtained the
unanimous consent of the Senate to bring in a bill
for the relief of Julia Frances Peebles, and George
Washington Peebles, of Illinois; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred,
together with the memorial and papers of the par-
ties on the files of the Senate, to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, in pursuance of
previous notice, asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a bill granting to railroad companies three
years in which to pay the duties on iron imported
for railroad purposes; which was read twic'e by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that they had passed a bill making
appropriations for the payment of invalid and
