1854.
TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
the chartered colleges and universities in the
United States;
On the memorial of the president and faculty
of St. John's College* Maryland, asking for a
grant of a township of land to each college in the
United States;
On the memorials of the faculty of Franklin and
Marshall College of Lancaster, Pennsylvania; of
St. Xavier's College, in the State of Ohio; of the
citizens of New York,and of the faculty of Ro-
bert Free College, at Geneva, New York; of the
faculty of the Emory ard Henry College, Vir-
ginia; of Beloit College, Wisconsin; of the trus-
tees of La Grange College, in the State of Ala-
bama; of the faculty of Madison University, New
York; of Alleghenia College, Pennsylvania; of
Middleburg College, Vermont; of Wittenberg
College, Ohio; of Lewisburg University, Penn-
sylvania; of Miami University, Ohio; of the
University of Rochester, New York; and of Da-
vidson College, North Carolina, asking a grant of
a township of land for each of the chartered col-
leges and universities in the United States;
On the petition of the county court of Logan
county, Illinois, asking for a donation of land to
each State sufficient to endow a State industrial
university;
On the petition of citizens of Missouri, asking
for a grant of public lands for general educational
purposes;
On the memorial of Joseph Jones and others,
asking a grant of public lands to establish normal
schools in each State for the education of female
teachers;
On the memorial of the Legislature of Wiscon-
sin, in favor of granting lands for the education
of the deaf, dumb, blind, and insane;
On the petition of the citizens of Chicago for a
grant of public land in aid of the Seaman's Friend
Society;
On the petition and resolutions of the city of
Baltimore, praying Congress to grant public lands
to aid houses of refuge;
On the memorial of the Legislature of Louisiana
in relation to granting lands within that State for
railroad puipoaes; and
On the memorial of the Legislative Council of
New Mexico, in relation to land claims.
BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. DISNEY also, from the same committee,
reported, with a recommendation that it do pass,
a mil supplementary to the act, entitled "An act
granting bounty lands to certain officers and sol-
diers who have been engaged in the military ser-
vices of the United States," approved September
28, 3850; and also to the act approved March 22,
1852,<4 to make land warrants assignable, and for
other purposes."
The bill was lead a first and second time by its
title.
_ The SPEAKER. The question is, « Shall the
bill be read a third time?"
Mr. OUR. 1 have not seen that bill printed.
I cannot form any opinion on it myself—and I
suppose that most of the members are in the same
situation. I move that it referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DISNEY. I have no objection to the
reference suggested.
The question was taken; and Mr. Orr's mo-
tion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled a joint resolu-
tion and bill of the following titles; which received
the Speaker's signature:
A joint resolution for the relief of the children
of Captain Thomas Porter, deceased; and
An act for the relief of Isaac M. Sigler, of
Putnam county, Indiana.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. DISNEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported adversely cn the following memo-
rials and petitions; which were laid upon the table:
A petition from citizens of Cox and L.aramie
township5?, Cooper county, Missouri, asking for
a grant of a section of land for school purposes;
The memorial of Morgan L. Hewitt and sev-
en ty-one other citizens of Cleveland, Ohio, for aid
to a railroad to the mining regions of Lake Su-
perior;
The petitions of W illiam Milford and fifty-eight
other citizens; and of Samuel S. Mather and
seventy other citizens of Cleveland, Ohio, for aid
to same railroad;
The memorial of Edwin James, sr., and Ed-
win James, jr.,and others, praying indemnity for
losses sustained in consequence of the illegal sus-
pension and subsequent abrogation by the sur-
veyor general of their contracts for surveying
certain public lands in Illinois and Missouri; and
The memorial of citizens of Hancock county,
Ohio, asking for a grant of land to the Urbana,
Fmdlay, and Detroit Railroad Company.
LAND PATENTS.
Mr. DISNEY, from the same committee, re-
ported back Senate bill (No. 238) entitled "An
act to authorize the issue of patents to lands in
any State or Territory in certain cases," with an
amendment.
The amendment was read and adopted, as fol-
lows:
Add these word?, " if the same be found correct;1' so that
the section will read, as follows:
"That in ca^e of any claim to land in any State or Ter-
ritory which has heretofore been confirmed by law, and m
which no provision is made by the confirmatory statute for
the issue of patents, it shall anil may he lawful, where sur-
veys for the Jand have been, or may hereafter be made, to
inHie patents for iho claims so confirmed upon the nres-
entation to the Commissioner of the General Land Office of
plats of survey thereof duly approved by the suiveyor gen-
eral of any State or Terutory."
At Mr. Disney's request, the following letter,
from the Commissioner of the Land Office, was read
in explanation of the bill and amendment:
General L vrcn Office, ?
December 12, 1854. >
Sir: I have examined the provisions of " An act to au-
thorize the issue of patents to lands m any State or Terri-
tory m ceitam ca-jev," (rt. 238,) referred by you to this office,
and in relation thereto have Ihe honor to state that this bill
is designed to provide a more ready and convenient evi-
dent e of title than can be made undci cu-Mmg laws.
It is held, as you know, that patents can only issue in
ca«e^ where their issue is auihouzed by law.
The Supreme Court husruk'd that a title can be conveyed
as well by a law as by a patent; hence, where parties hold
under a law which does not authorize the issue of a patent,
it is diHieult to present a satisfactory foundation of title,
except by judicial proceedings. A patent is well understood
as being ■{•rimdjitdc evidence of title, and tins bill proposes
to place this convenient evidence in the pos-.es*ion of the
pai ties, instead of'that moie toriuous in n* chaiaeu r, though
equally certain, to wit: the law and certified pf at of survey.
Willi gieaue-peet, JulIN WILSON,
Commissioner.
IJrttl. I>. T. DisNly, Ckair*n Com. Public Lands.
{'.ft. You will perceive a slight amendment to the hill,
which J deem indispensably necessary to prevent patents
issuing on erroneous surveys.
The bill was (hen read a third time, and passed.
Mr. DISNEY yielded the iloor to
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the [louse resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man will allow me to ask for the withdrawal of
certain papers before we go into committee.
Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 withdraw my motion
for that purpose, if the gentleman will renew it.
ARCHIBALD R. S. HUNTER.
Mr. SMITH. I will renew it. I now ask
for leave to withdraw the petition and papers of
Archibald R. S. Hunter.
Mr. COBB. What is the object of the with-
drawal ?
Mr. SMITH. The request for withdrawal was
placed in my hands by the person concerned. I
do not know what he wants with the papers.
' The papers is the petition of Archibald R. S.
Hunter, praying remuneration for property de-
stroyed by the Tennessee volunteer troops, while
in the service of the United States in 183G.
Mr. COBB, i have no objection to the papers
being withdrawn, provided a copy is left upon the
files of the House.
Mr. SMITH. I do not know what the course
usually is—I merely want leave to withdraw the
papers.
The SPEAKER, ft is the usual custom to
have copies of papers withdrawn.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE INDIAN BILL.
Mr. SMITH. I now renew the motion that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Chandler in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill of the House (No. 555)
making appropriations for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes, for the year ending June 30,1856.
The first section of the bill was read by the
Clerk.
Mr. MACE obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. Ifthegentieman from Indiana
proposes to makeaspeech,! would suggest to him
that he allow the bill to be read through first, and
then his speech can come in as well as now.
Mr. MACE. I will state to the gentleman from
Alabama that I should certainly be disposed to
accommodate him, but as I shall probably not
speak for more than half an hour, I prefer to say
what I have to say now, and then the reading of
the bill may proceed.
Mr. HOUSTON. It would expedite the busi-
ness of the committee if he would allow the biil to
be read through now.
[Cries of " Go on !"]
Mr. MACE. I prefer to go on now. Mr.
Chairman, I propose to enter upon the discussion
of a subject, not for the purpose of inciting angry
debate in this Hall or inflaming the public mind,
| but in good faith, for the purpose of bringing the
, House and the country back to where we stood
! prior to the passage of the Kansas and Nebraska
i bill.
I gave notice several days ago of my intention
to introduce into the House a bill to prohibit
slavery in the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska,
which bill I intend to introduce as soon as oppor-
tunity offers. The bill which I have prepared has
no circumlocution about it. It contains no stump
speeches. It isa plain and concise bill, and covers
the whole ground. No mistake can result from
it. It is brief, and for the purpose of placing the
committee in possession of what it is, I will pro-
ceed to read it.
A bill to prohibit slavery in the Territories of Nebraska
and Kansas.
Be U cnacicd bu the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jim erica in Congress assembled,
That blavery and involuntary servitude, except for the
punishment of crime, whereof the parties shall have been
duly convicted, is forever prohibited m the Territories of
Nebraska and Kansas.
The bill is an exact transcript of the ordinance
of 17^7, and it is an exact transcript of the eighth
section of the act of the G^h of March, 1820, pre-
paratory to the admission of Missouri into the
Union as a State.
1 need not go into a discussion here to show
the purposes of the Kansas and Nebraska bill. I
need not travel over the whole ground which the
North and the South traveled over during the dis-
cussion at the last session of Congress. But
events have shown that the whole object of that
Kansas and Nebraska bill was to repeal the pro-
hibition of slavery north of 30° 30'.
1 know that much has been said in this Hall
and elsewhere, even during the present session of
Congress, about squatter sovereignty. Much has
been caid about the right of the people, and not
only the right, but the perfect, absolute right of
the people to make their own laws in the Terri-
tories of Kansas and Nebraska. I think that we
have progressed far enough in this matter for us
to come down to the true constitutional duty of
Congress in the organization of Territories. And
what is it?
It was claimed by General Cass, some years
ago, and promulgated through the country that
he had discovered the new doctrine of squatter
sovereignty. I ask if there is any more squatter
sovereignty in the organization of the Territories
of Kansas and Nebraska than there was in the
organization of Michigan, or Illinois,or Indiana?
There is not. It is no new discovery. It has
been acknowledged ever since the foundation of
our institutions, and the whole cry of squatter
sovereignty, of which we have heard so much
here and elsewhere, is nothing but a sheer, miser-
able humbug. Sir, what is the constitutional law
upon this subject* It is simply this: Prior to
the repeal of the Missouri compromise line, the
people had a right to go and settle that territory,
and form a constitution for its government. Jowa
was thus carved out of that territory, and under-
went that process. The prohibition existing at
