48
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18.
the time against slavery, of course no attempt
was made to carry it there. People went there
who were in favor of a constitution prohibiting
that institution, and the appointed time and the
only time when they had a right to speak upon
that subject was when they formed their State
constitution. Now, the only point involved in
this question from the beginning, is simply this:
that under the operation of the compromise act
of 1820, this country now included in Kansas
and Nebraska, stood in the same condition as
the Territory of Iowa before its admission into
the Union. There was no probability or possi-
bility that slavery would ever go there. Such a
thing could not be dreamed of.
But, under the operation of the Kansas and
Nebraska bill, which repealed that compromise,
slavery can exist and does now exist in the Terri-
tories of Kansas and Nebraska. Thus have you
opened the door to slavery, and it is said to be a
race between the North and the South, who shall
occupy that territory, and whether a constitution
shall be submitted to Congress—not recognizing
slavery, because that would not be necessary, but
prohibiting slavery; because I assert here that,
should the people of Kansas assemble together
and adopt a State constitution, and say not one
singleword about slavery, if the institution existed
there, it would continue to exist unless Congress
imposed the condition, that the Territory should
not be admitted unless the institution waa abol-
ished.
Then, Mr. Chairman, my understanding is this,
that the Legislature of the Territory of Kansas—
though its members are not elected yet—will not
be called upon to act upon the question of slavery
at all. There is no necessity that it should act
upon it, because if the law remains as it is, as a
matter of course, slavery must continue to exist
there, and will exist there, just as it existed in
Missouri and Louisiana, being a part of the same
purchase. But if the Legislature act at all upon
the question, they will pass a law, I suppose,
according to the doctrine of "squatter (sovereign-
ty," saying that slavery shall not exist there. I
will not discuss the question of the binding force
of such a law as that; but I will affirm, and that,
too, without fear of contradiction, that should the
Legislature of Kansas pass such a law. Congress
would have a perfect right to reject it, and the
whole subject would be presented to this Congress,
and it would open up the discussion here of that
troublesome and vexatious question.
My purpose is not only to relieve this Congress
from tne further discussion of the question, but I
have a higher purpose—I wish at once to relieve
the citizens of the Territory of ICansas from its
discussion.
Sir, had not that compromise of 1820 been re-
pealed—a compromise established by the wisdom
of the fathers of this Republic; had we proceeded
in accordance with the bills introduced before in
relation to this Territory, and organized a territo-
rial government, things would have gone on there
as they did in Iowa; m time a State constitution
would have been formed, and you would have had
no trouble and no excitement. But how stand
things now ? What is the action of last session
leading to ? What do we hear from Kansas in
reference to the recent election there > What do
we see there amongst the citizens of this Republic,
who ought to be a peaceful brotherhood ? Why,
if the reports are true—and, mark you,Idonot
vouch for their truth at all—attempts are being
made to place matters there upon such a footing
that the institution of slavery may be planted in
that Territory, and that Kansas may claim ad-
mission into the Union as a slave State. I do not
know anything as to the truth of the rumors
afloat, and far be it from me to do injustice to the
citizens of Missouri, or of any other portion of
this Confederacy; but, if the common rumor is
true, a systematic effort has been made by citizens
of the frontier of Missouri, aided by a distin-
guished citizen of that State, now there—at least,
he is not here—to shape the institutions of that
Territory, and establish slavery, by improper
means. Hundreds, ay, thousands of men have
been sent into Kansas from Missouri and else-
where, without the intention of making a perma-
nent home there at all, for the purpose of electing,
as Delegate upon this floor from that Territory, a
gentleman who is said to be, bona fide, & citizen of
the State of Missouri. What a state of things,
then, has the repeal of that compromise already
produced, and to what may it not lead ! Suppose
that, on the adoption of a constitution for Kansas,
a majority of the people of that Territory should
be found to be in favor of excluding the institu-
tion of slavery—one third, we will say, of the in-
habitants having taken their slave property there
for the purpose of moulding the institutions of the
Territory so that slavery may exist in it, and yet,
having been outnumbered, what then ? Why, as a
matter of course, they will have to take back their
property at great expense, trouble, and inconve-
nience, and make their location in a State where
the institution of slavery can and does exist. I
know that much was said in my State, and said
in the North generally, as to the effect of the Kan-
sas and Nebraska bill. The discussion in this
House, however,was conducted on the hypothesis,
and the very correct one, too, that the destruction
of that line'by the provisions of the Kansas and
Nebraska bill, would permit the southern man to
take his slaves into those Territories, and that he
would be protected in his property in them upon
the same principle that protection would be af-
forded to the northern man taking his horses there;
the doctrine, in other words, of non-intervention
on the part of the Congress of the United States.
But many different versions were given, in my
State, of the effect of the Kansas and Nebraska
bill by leading friends of that measure. Near the
close of the campaign a gentleman of the highest
distinction boldly took the ground that the Kansas
and JS ebraska bill was eminently a bill in favor of
freedom; that it not only secured freedom north
of the line of 3G° 30', but that it carried it south
of the line, and that there was territory south of
that line sufficient to make three States, each as
large as the State of New York, which was ded-
icated to the cause of freedom by the bill.
It is not my purpose, Mr. Chairman, to pursue
this line of discussion any further. It is my pur-
pose, if possible, to bring this Congress and the
country to the point where we were prior to the
passage of the Nebraska bill, or to its introduc-
tion. And here, let me remark, as I stated on a
former occasion, that for thirty-four years after
the passage of the Missouri compromise law there
never was a single request made—of any respect
as to numbers—from any portion of the United
States demanding at the hands of Congress the
abolition of that compromise.
We met here, last Congress, as a band of
brothers; the most perfect harmony prevailed
among us. We met here, and the session bid fair
to be a business session—to be a session which
would redound to the greatness and honor of the
country. Without consultation with any one—
so far as I know—without a single petition having
been presented, or request from any one, this bill
was introduced—come upon us like a clap of
thunder at noon-day, when no cloud obscures the
meridian sun; and we were called upon to pass
it, and thereby repeal the Missouri compromise
act. From necessity such a measure was calcu-
lated to distract and to divide us, not only here
but elsewhere. I have repeatedly had my feelings
wounded on this floor, as other gentlemen must
have had theirs, in consequence of the bad feeling
growing out of this question. It was worse at
home. It was worse in the congressional district
which I have the honor to represent. It was
worse in every district throughout the North and
West. I would not have opened my mouth in
respect to this measure at the present session of
Congress, if I thought that the North had in-
dorsed it. I am one of those old-fashioned repub-
licans who believe that the people are the sovereigns
in this nation. I do not believe that because I
hold a seat in the Congress of the United States,
I thereby become the master of my people; but I
regard myself as their servant, called upon to do
their business, and to carry out their will.
Sir, 1 am free to confess that at the time of the
introduction of the bill I had no conception of the
feeling of my people in regard to it. For they
had forgotten—or, if they had not forgotten, they
had never dreamed—that a proposition would
come up to repeal the Missouri compromise, as
was presented at the last session of this Congress.
But an effort was made—a strenuous effort—not
only during the last session of Congress, but since
its adjournment—in the region of country where
I live—to reverse this principle of Government.
The doctrine sought to be established now is this,
that we come up here as the masters of the peo-
ple, that we come here not bound to consult with
them at all, and that we may pass laws which we
know they will disapprove of, and then call upon
them, as legal subjects, to acquiesce in our acts
and cease their grumbling. 1 presume that every
other gentleman in this House was in the same
predicament that I was, in regard to this matter.
He did not know the wishes of the people of our
districts, in regard to it. All that he could do, was
to guess at it. We all made our guesses. The
people have passed upon the bill. Their verdict
is recorded, "so that he who runs may read."
And now, the question submitted is whether this
Congress, which passed that bill, will, by voting
for this measure which I have introduced, carry
out the will of their constituencies; or whether
they will adhere to the doctrine that it is the duty
of their constituents to submit in humble silence
to the action of their representatives.
I think I can assert, without fear of" contradic-
tion, that should every member on this floor vote
according to the determination of his constituents,
as expressed in the late elections, on this question,
the bill which I propose to introduce would pass
by a very decided majority, and by that means the
will of the people would be carried out. Is not that
right? Is it not our duty to do that? And, in addi-
tion , does not the highest public necessity demand
such action at our hands? If the action of Con-
gress at the last session on this Nebraska bill
were final, it would not be right or proper for me
to discuss it now. If this matter were to end with
the passage of that bill, it would certainly be
highly improper for me to occupy the time of the
committee in the discussion of it. But, how
stands the question—not only presently, but pros-
pectively ? Why, presently it is of the utmost im-
portance to undo what we have wrongly done,
for the purpose of restoring peace and quiet
throughout the land. Prospectively, how does it
stand ? Let it be remembered that 1 do not stand
here for the purpose of making a threat. I stand
here for the purpose of speaking cooly and dis-
passionately; ana I do speak so when I say to
this committee, and to the country, that, in my
humble judgment, Kansas never can come into
this Union as a slave State, and we may as well
settle that question now as hereafter. I have
never found in my intercourse with society or by
my reading that there was any existing desire to
abolish the Missouri compromise in any quarter.
Certain gentlemen, few in number, and not from
the South, were anxiously in favor of this bill
for objects which, in my opinion, it is not neces-
sary to refer to. The question was brought before
this House, and this House acted upon it. Our
southern friends, or a majority of them, voted for
it, upon the assurance that it would meet the
approval of the free States—that no one would
oppose it but the Abolitionists—that the National
Whigs were all in favor of the measure.
It may be said of me that I propose to make
war upon southern institutions, that I wish to get
up an abolition furor and excitement. I disclaim
such a charge at once. I make no war upon any
section of this Union: I have heard a good deal
said about national men, about national Democrats,
and national Whig3. Gentlemen may appropriate
any name they please. I claim, by my actions,
by my sentiments, by my associations and my
birth, to be a national man in the strictest sense of
the term. I like the kind of nationality which
they have at the South, and would to God we had
more of it at the North. I like it, because they
know their rights and can maintain them. They
espouse such measures as commend themselves to
their constituents, and which their constituents
desire, but they do not espouse them with that
easy good nature which we at the North are in
the habit of manifesting in similar circumstances.
You never find the South, where a President vetoes
a favorite measure of theirs, indorsing and sup-
porting that veto, and claiming that it is right,
but they act as men should act, and demand, with
a united front, and in tones of political thunder,
that their rights be respected. It is that sentiment
which I wish to infuse in the North, and it is a
sentiment which I know the South respect. We
go to work and pass a river and harbor bill, a
matter in which we of the West are vitally inter-
ested. We all make speeches and vote for it;
the President sets down, and in a very delib-
erate manner vetoes it, upon theground that it is
