THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1354.
New Series No. 4.
unconstitutional. It is unconstitutional to appro-
priate for Lake Michigan in my State, because
it is a broad lake, but it is perfectly constitutional
to make an appropriation at the mouth of Cape
Fear river, in North Carolina, because Cape Fear
river is a branch, and not a. river at all. When I
go home to my constituents, they call me to an
account, and ask me why this -appropriation was
not made ? And I answer, perhaps, did you not
see that I made a speech, and voted for it. Oh,
yes, we noticed all that, but why did it fail to
pass? It failed because the President vetoed it.
What next ? Oh, for Heaven's sake, do not dis-
cuss that question amongst the people, or it will
interrupt the harmony of the pvirty, so as to insure
our defeat in subsequent elections. At least, that
is the course things have taken in the Northwest,
and i say to the Northwest, and the non-slavehold-
ing States of this Union, that these discussions
will ever be presented here, and these exactions
will be continued from time to time, stirring up
angry discussion, and interrupting the harmony of
the country, until the North, East, and Weit stand
upon the same high, elevated, and dignified plat-
form occupied by southern men. Whenever we
infuse that feeling into the councils of our nation,
whenever it shall be understood that the people
will maintain their rights, and nail to the wall all
who betray them, then X suppose we will all be
national Democrats, or national Whigs.
I trust that the consideration of tins bill will
receive the patient attention of this House. The
question is one which deeply concerns the coun-
try, and the whole country. It is not a question
whether this or that man shall be President;
whether this or that man shall come back to Con-
gress; whether this or that man shall havea foreign
mission; butitis a question submitted to the calm
anddeliberateconsideration of the country, whether
a great wrong shall be repaired and justicebe done.
I do not know what success the bill may have. The
friends of it have no presidential patronage—they
have no bright promises to hold out in the future,
and they have no patronage in the way of (jfiice
to bestow. They simply present this bill to the
Congress of the United States, and ask them, for
the purpose of doing justice, to undo what was
wrongfully done at the last session. I state here
in my place—and 1 think perhaps I understand
the feel trigs of the people of the North and West ;
as well as any one—that if this matter is suffered
to rest, that agitation and excitement, disastrous
in its consequences, will follow, leading, perhaps, ,
to bloodshed and murder. When the finale does j
come—as soon it must, unless this hill passes—the 1
issue presented will not be one of acquiescence; but |
it will be, 44 are you in favor of the admission of j
Kansas as a slave State?" Under such circum- ■
stances that issue presents itself to tiie country, j
But the people know and understand that thirty- (
four years ago the pure men of this land, cairying i
out the principles of the ordinance of 3787, estab-
lished a compromise line—slavery to exist south j
of that line, and never to exist north of it. Th^y j
know, too, from the records of Congress, and thty j
know from sub?equtnt elections, that a Congiess ,j
was thrown together here, not upon the inane of ;j
that question, but upon higher and holier ones, ;
which Congress took it upon themselves, without J
being requested from any quarter whatever, to ^
destroy the action of the faclic-rs of the Republic, j;
This we of the North regard as a legislative fraud, t
We regard it as a wrongful net. We regard it as !
a measure uncalled for. And viewing it in that :j
light, I can state here, arid in conclusion I will I
state, that never, while I have a seat in the Con-
gress of the United States, will 1, as a Represents- lj
tive, vote for the admission of Kansas into this |
Union with the institution of slavery in its consti- j
tution, |
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. I desire to ask j
my friend from Indiana one or two questions. If :
1 understood him, he remarked that he recognized !
the soundness of the doctrine of popular sover-
fignty in its application to the Territones of the !j
United States, as an abstract proposition. In ,|
ether words, if I understood him, he said heji
subscribed to the doctrine, that the people in the
Territories should have the right to govern them-
selves in oil matters appertaining to their domestic
institutions. I ask the gentleman if that is so?
Mr. MACE. I desired to state this—and I
think I was very clear—that from the necessities
of the case, and under the Constitution of the
United States, the people of the Territories had
no right whatever to establish or reject slavery,
while a Territory, but that such right would only
accrue at the time they should meet for the pur-
pose of forming a State constitution; and even
after a constitution should be formed, it would be
in the power of the Congrees of the Unit* d States
to refuse to admit theScate, without a modification
of the provisions of the Constitution in reference
to the subject of slavery, or any other subject.
Mr. OLIVER. Did I understand the gentleman
to deny the soundness of the doctrine of the right
of the people of the Territories to govern them-
selves, as on abstract question?
Mr. MACE. They have no power under the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. OLIVER. Does the gentleman believe
they have the power under the laws of C ingress ?
Mr MACE. I do, and it is not conferred by
the Kansas and Nebraska bill.
I wish to make one remark. If it had been the
intention of the Congress of the United States to
confer the power which the gentleman speaks of,
but one simple section was needed in the Kansas
and Nebraska bill to accomplish such object, and
that section would have been to the effect, that the
people of the Territories should have the right to
assemble together, and adopt a form of Govern-
ment, elect their officers, and then ask to be ad-
mitted into the Union.
Mr. OLIVER. Do you subscribe to that doc-
trine ?
Mr. MACE. If Congress will adopt a bill of
that kind, I will vote for it.
Mr. OLIVER. If I have been fortunate enough
to understand the gentleman, I understand that
he would subscribe to the doctrine of the people's
right to govern themselves in the Territories, pro-
vided they were allowed to assemble themselves
together and vote in the aggregate. })ut, at the
same time, I understand the gentleman to be in-
volved in this very singular contradiction, that he
is opposed to the people of theTerritories govern-
ing themselves through agents and representa-
tives properly choeen. How can the gentleman
now extricate himself from that dilemma >
Mr. MACE. Mr. Chairman, 1 was discussing
the Kansas and Nebraska bill, the terms of that
bill, and its provision."; and I assumed that there
was no popular sovereignty in it. I assumed that
it was not intended to have any; and, rea-oning
from that, the Territorial Legislature cf Kmsas
could have no right to pass upon this question of
slavery; that it was not necessary thaf they should
do it; that slavery already existed there, and
would continue to exist, unless prohibited by the
Congress ofthe United States, or the constitution
of Kansas, when the should come into theUmon
Mr. OLIVER. Here is the conclusion to which
the gentleman comes: 13c is in favor of the doc-
trine of leaving the people of the T* rruories to
govern themselves, if they can assemble and vote,
in the aggregate, upon acts appertaining- to their
domestic institutions, including the election of
governor, judges, and all other officer.5, and vote
in the aggregate upon the subject of slavery; of
the relation of husband and wife, of parent and
children, of guardian and ward, of master and
slave. If they are allowed to vote for all of these
he is in favor of it. Then, if he subscribes to
that doctrine, what difference is there in prac-
tice, whether they govern themselves by lawfully
chosen agents and representatives, or otherwise?
Mr. MACE. I think I stated, through the
whole of my argument, that, notwithstanding the
Legislature of Kansas might pass any law, not-
withstanding they may meet together to adopt a
constitution, yet, under the Constitution of the
United States, Congress has perfect control over
their acts, from the necessity of the case.
Mr. OLIVER. Weil, I understand him, that
if the Kansas and Nebraska bill had conferred the
power upon the people of the Territories to govern
themselves on all subjects, including the election
of governor,judges,and all other officers, he would
have subscribed to the doctrine contained in the
bill. Then I ask him, and every member of this
House, how can they discriminate between the
people's governing themselves in the aggregate,
and the doing the same thing by lawfully elected
repi-esentatives? The people of my State govern
themselves in relation to all matters appertaining
to their domestic interests. But how do they do
it? Throughlawfuliychosenrepresematives. Do
the gentleman \s constituents, because they send
htm as their Representative here, thereby divest
themselves of the power and piivdege ot govern-
ing themselves? Have they confeired upon him
absolute power to say what is best for them, and
< reserved to themselves no check upon his action ?
i I take it, according to the gentleman's own po«a-
j tion, that he does recognize, to the fullest extent,
j the right of the people to govern themselves in the
I Territories, and that, too, in the most impractica-
i ble form. He goes further than any friend of the
j Nebraska-Kansas bill dared to go.
| Let me crave the attention of the committee to
what the gentleman has told us. If I remember
correctly, the gentleman placed his objection to
the bill at the last session upon a high and patri-
otic ground. He was opposed to the repeal of the
Missouri compromise because it broke a solemn
compact—n sacred covenant. His serenity was
dintuibed, and the pure patriotism which he says
now moves him was awakened in his bosom.
Not one word did you then hear from him m
regard to the subject of slavery. He at that time
disavowed any desire to agitate the country on
that point. He opposed the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise because it disturbed the peace
of the nation, and set fin example for the breaking
of compacts which would most certainly lead to
disastrous results. His object was the preserva-
tion of peace. He desired orcler, concord, and
brotherly love, to pervade the entire land. He
viewed the Kansas-Nebraska bill as an apple cf
discoid thrown into our midst to produce distrac-
tion, and to sow dissensions amongst the people.
This was the language held by my honorable
friend from Indiana at the last session. They
were the expressions of a warm and zealous heart,
which seemed to be moved by a holy patriotism
for the peace of the Union. He then frowned on
all agitation and dissension between the different
sections of the country.
How does the gentleman present himself before
the committee and the country this morning?
True, he comes with the profession of love for his
country and an earnest desire for i s peace, pros-
peiity, and continued welfare; but in his hand is
,i a miserable scrawl—and what for? For the pro-
!j hibition of slavery from Kansas and Nebraska for-
;j ever. This prohibition was the very thing which,
in 1820, caused strife and bad feeling between the
North and the South. And this proposition for
prohibition now comes from a professed friend of
the peace and rights ofall sections. Last session he
inveighed against the introducers of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, because, as he alleged, they intro-
duced discord into our midst. Now he revives
agitation, which has been calmed down, by his
prohibition of freemen, and his brothers, from
these Territories. Still he talks of peace—lovely
peace. 1 would to God that he now cherished the
sentiments which fell from his lips last session.
If he did, no such miserable prohibition as the
one proposed would have now been offered to
harass, annoy, and vex the proud people of our
southern States. This prohibition has heretofore
been the cause of their bitterness. But the South
is loyal to the Union. Thank Cod, she has ever
been, arid ever wiir be, loyal toit. The prohibi-
tion of 1820 weighed heavily on her, but she de-
nied her elf her rights and smothered her feelings.
She subdued the feelings of resentment which had
been aroused in her bosom. Why? For the
sake of the Union; and to prevent the spilling of
