1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
man: He told us last session that he was influenced
by 110 other consideration than that of patriotism
and a true solicitude for the welfare and interests
of the country. Let me invoke him, then, as an
American Representative, if he really values the
Union and equality of rights of these States, and
the peace of the country, to put himself in that
high position so creditable to him; to keep himself
under the influence of those lofty motives and to
cast far from him all that would be calculated to
disturb that peace and to destroy the harmony of
his fellow-citizens in the different sections of the
Confederacy. Should he determine to do that—as
is to be hoped by every friend of peace and order
that he will—he will at once permit this paper,
proposingthe eternal prohibition of slavery in Kan-
sas, to sink into that death from which there is to
be no waking forever, and leave the Territory, as it
now is, to be governed and controlled by the free-
men residing there, according to the provisions of
the Kansas and Nebraska bill, and under the laws
passed by the first local Legislature. When he
has done that, he will, in my judgment, have
acted the part of a faithful patriot, a true-hearted
American, a national Representative. But if he
persists in the course of prohib4tion, nothing but
strife and contention can be anticipated.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Chair-
man, when I came into the Hall a few moments
ago, the gentleman from Missouri, who has just
taken his seat, seemed to be expressing consider-
able surprise that an attempt should be made, or
even suggested, to restore the Missouri compro-
mise. 1 supposed that ft had been understood,
upon all sides, at the last session—alike by gentle-
men of all parties, and from every section of the
Union—that an attempt would be made to restore
the principle of the ordinance of J 787—of the Jef-
fersonian ordinance of 1764, whenever there should
be power to do it. Sir, let me say to the gentle-
man from Missouri that, he must not be surprised,
that he must not manifest any symptoms of disap-
pointment if he shall find that, at the proper time,
in the next Congress, earnest, sincere, and per-
sistent attempts are made to carry out the pledge
which was given to him, and to members gen-
erally, by those gentlemen who stood with me in
opposition to the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise last session, to restore that compromise; one
by which the quesnonof slaveiy was settled no far
as the Louisiana purchase was concerned thirty-
four years ago, and which had remained undis-
turbed for that length of time. A year ago,
however, it was distnbed and unsettled by the
gentleman and his friends; and now he comes in
here, and with beautiful coolness, complains that
thoBe who resisted that disturbance should give
him notice that they are determined to restore what
he and his friends so unnecessarily, without justi-
fication and without good cause, took from u.-?.
Let me say to him, and to gentlemen generally,
that the sentiment of the North is, in my judg-
ment, almost unanimously in favor of early, prac-
tical, and persevering efforts to restore the pro-
visions and principle** of the Missouri compromise
to the statute-book. And if he asks my authority
for saying so, f refer him to the recent elections
in the Noith and Northwest. And I havenodoubt
that, in the nest Congress, there will be a ma-
jority here who will be able to make effective the
will of the North in that regard, and the more so
in consideration of the recent exhibitions and
manifestations of the doctrine of popular sover-
eignty, as practically applied in the case of
Kansas.
Sir, we were told—and it was the great argument
last year by members in favor of the^ Nebraska j
bill—that it gave to the people residing in the Ter- j
ritories, to the people having an interest there, the 1
right and the power to exercise judgment in re-
gard to their own institutions. And, whatever
show of plausibility there was in the repeal or the
Missouri compromise, consisted in that argument.
All the strength and all the popularity it had in
the North was based on that ground, and none
other. We weretoid, too, by gentlemen that there
was no practical question involved; that slavery
would never go into Kansas or Nebraska—
never. We were told so by the honorable gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] in the
other branch of Congress. We were told so, too,
by the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Everett,] who is not now a member of the
National Legislature. We were told so by gentle-
men ail around—that this was not a practical ques-
tion. In the North, therefore, there was not,
perhaps, so much agitation and so deep excite-
ment m the reccnt elections as there would have
been if many of the citizens had not believed that
there was some truth m these statements, sugges-
tions, and opinions of gentlemen in both Houses
of Congress.
But what do we find now? We learn that in
the very first election that has taken place in
Kansas, that a large and overwhelming vote has
been given in favor of introducing slavery there.
That is the effect of the election. Such is the
meaning of the recent vote in Kansas. If that
was a result of the exercise of popular sovereignty,
let me say I do not so understand it. I have seen
in the newspapers, in letters published in the
newspapers—and which I believe contain the
truth—that a large number of people have gone
over from Missouri into Kansas, not with the
intention of residing there, but simply for the
purpose of voting, and then returning to the State
from which they had gone. That is the first
commentary which we have—the first practical
exposition—of the beautiful doctrine of'popular
sovereignty! These individuals, living in Mis-
souri, not in Kansas, and not intending to reside
there; I have heard and believe, have gone over
there in sufficient numbers to have controlled the
election in the Territory. I understand the gen-
tleman from Missouri himself [Mr. Ot.i\kr] to
have, in substance, admitted the truth of this
statement, for though he does not actually state
that such was the case, he justifies the fact of
these men going there on the ground that emigra-
tion societies were formed in the North to control
the political institutions of the Territory. If
emigiation societies have been formed for that
purpose, what justification does that give to the
citizens of Missouri to go there, not as emigrants,
but simply for the purpose of voting at the elec-
tion, and none other? Sir, nobody believes that
emigrants have gone from New England to Kansas
for such a purpose as that.
Mr. OLIVER. The gentleman from Maine
somewhat misrepresents tne. I did not concede,
nor did 1 intend to concede,directly oi indirectly,
that any people have gone from Missouri to Kan-
sas for the purpose of aiding in controlling the
election, who did not intend to reside there per-
manently.
Mr. WASHBURN. I ask the gentlemen from
Missouri whether or not, from information that
he has received, lie believes that many individuals
have gone from Missouri to Kansas to vote at the
election, who have since returned and now reside
in Missouri ?
Mr. OLIVER. I am not here to give credence
to vague newspaper reports, nor will I believe
them.
Mr. WASHBURN. Then I understand the
gentleman to say he does not believe the facts, as
I have supposed them to exist?
Mr. OLIVER. I have no evidence of the fact.
Mr. WASHBURN. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri whether or not he believes the report,
lie hasqualified his answer by saying that he has
no evidence of its truth. I do not understand
him as meaning to say that he does not believe it,
Mr. OLIVER. I have no evidence, and con-
sequenily do not believe it.
Mr. WASHBURN. And consequently he does
not believe it! He has no evidence of the fact,
and therefore he does not believe it! Let me ask
the gentleman whether or not he has a suspicion
[laughter] that it is true* 1 suspect, after all, Mr.
Chairman, that the gentleman from Missouri <ioes
not disagree very much with myself in this regard,
if I am to judge by the qualrfied manner m which
he has answered my question. I submit to the
House whether or not there can be much doubt in
the gentleman's mind, or in the mind of any gen-
tleman here, that individuals have gone from the
State of Missouri into the Territory of Kansas,
solely for the purpose of voting there, and for no
other reason? It has been so stated publicly; and
nobody has contradicted the statement. And it
was stated recently, as I have been informed, in
the paper published in the gentleman's own dis-
trict-—the Argus, 1 believe it is called—the organ
of General Atchison, that such movement was to
be made. I ask the gentleman whether he has
seen anything of that statement? I am informed
that such is the case. At any rate, some two thou-
sand seven hundred votes were given in the recent
election in Kansas—a number of votes implying
a population of some fifteen thousand. Does any-
body believe that Kansas contains a population of
fifteen thousand? Does anybody believe that it
contains ten thousand, or even half that number?
No man in the country believes such a thing. It
is evident, then, that a great many have gone and
voted there, who were not settlers or inhabitants.
It is evident and plain to my mind that many have
gone there from the neighboring Staie and voted
at the election. In fact, I thought that my friend
from Missouri admitted it when he undertook to
justify them for doing so, on the ground that emi-
gration societies had been formed in New England
for the purpose of sending settlers there.
It seems to me that there is great difference be-
tween going there, as so many men from Missouri
have gone, for the purpose solely of voting, and
going as the men from New York and New Eng-
land have gone, under the patronage of the emi-
gration society, or otherwise, for the purpose of
settling there. No man, i imagine, will assume,
or say that he believes that men have gone two or
three thousand miles, from New York or New
England to Kansas, solely for the purpose of
voting or taking part in thegovernment of theTer-
ritory. Not at alt! They have gone therefor the
purpose of taking up their residence there and be-
coming permanent and fixed settlers. And they,
under this doctrine of popular sovereignty, are
the parties who ought to exercise sovereignty, and
not find themselves controlled by individuals com-
ing in upon them fiom another State and exercis-
ing the elective franchise, having no political or
legal rights there, and thus breaking down their
influence, destroying their sovereignty. If there
was an emigration society in New England—as
there was—its object was not to send men to
Kansas simply to give their votes, but that they
mi^ht become settlers and have the right to exer-
cise their sovereignty by living on the soil. It is
unjust and wrong for men to go there, rot as
settlers, but simply for the purpose of defeating,
by their votes, the will of these men who are
really settleis, and who have gone there, whether
with or without the aid of emigration societies.
This state of facts which has transpired there
in tliiti last election will do more to nerve the
North in her pmpose of restoring the Missouri
compromise than anything else could have done;
because it will take from the friends of the Ne-
braska bill in the North the last and the only
argument which they had—namely, the argument
of popular sovereignty, and answer, finally, and
conclusively, the suggestion that slavery would
never go there. A oic the weakness of this argu-
ment and the folly of this suggestion are trans-
parent. .Voi/«,iti3 patent and legible to all men
that the very author of this movement—as he
claims himself to be, [General Atchison]—does
not believe in popular sovereignty at aU, inasmuch
as he would thus wrongfully and illegally out-
number and overpower the suffrages of those who
are the only sovereigns upon the Cas.s-Douglas
hypothesis.
Mr. OLIVER. I ask the gentleman from
Maiiif how c;ui he account for the fact that the
EVee-Soil candidate in Kansas only received two
hundred and forty-eight votes, while Mr. Whit-
field received nearly one thousand four hundred
votes ?
Mr. W ASHBURN. Perhaps I cannot answer
that question to the satisfaction of the gentleman.
I am not very well advised in reference to the rea-
sons operating upon those men who may be sup-
posed to be opposed to the extension of slavery
over the Territory of Kansas. I believe, however,
that the votes of the opponents of the reneal of the
Missouri compromise were divided between two
or three candidates, and that the aggregate num-
ber was very much larger than thpst stated by the
gentleman as given for one individual. I believe,
as it has been suggested to me, that a great many
honeot, quiet, modest men, Free-Soil men, who
went theie from the North, were prevented from
voting by the manner in which the election was
conducted, and by the fact that they were over-
awed and bullied by individuals not residing in
the Territory. I have heard that assigned as a
reason for the result. I do not know that it 'is
correct, but I give itasthe best information I have
in reply to the question of the gentleman from
Missouri. In reference to the great vote given for
