52
Trfij CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
December 14,
Me. Whitfield, I suppose it can be accounted for
■simply from the fact, that a large majority of the
Voters did ttbt tfetffn'g to Kansas, but across the
rivtr, in MiSs&uri. Thai is the best answer t can
give the gentleman.
I will not detain the committes by extended
remarks. I did not hear the speech of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Mace,] and buta portion
of that of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mi\
OiJvsu.J It seemed to me that it was <teeto the
opponents of ithe repeal of the Missouri com-
jiprdtnise 1.0'have it understood here, that it was not
HheSr ititention or purpose that that repeal should
iStSn'3 "sacred and untouched, but that upon the
earliest appropriate and practicable occasion, that
measures woi'ld be taken to restore to freedom
her just rights in the republic, and also to make
the distinction clearly and easily to be made
between those individuals who went to Kansas
from New England anil other portions of the
North and West, whether it was by the aid of
emigration societies or not, with the intention of
remaining there as permanent settlers, and those
citizens of Missouri, who went over there simply
for the purpose of exercising an illegal and un-
warrantable control over, and interference with,
their neighbors.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, obtained the
floor.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Does the gentleman from
Georgia desire to address the committee at this
time?
Mr. STEPHENS, Not this evening.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move, then, that the
committee rise.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had under consideration the
state ,o"f the Union generally, and particularly
House bill No. 55, being the Indian appropriation
biU, but had come to no conclusion thereon.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GEEEN, from the Commiiteeon Enrolled
Gills, reported as correctly enrolled " An act for
the better preservation of life and property in
vessels shipwrecked on the coasts of the United 1
States;" which thereupon received the signature !
of tlie Speaker. j
On motion by Mr. LETCHER, the House then !
adjourned, at ten minutes past three o'clock, till
to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 14, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Sliceu.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. N0RR1S. 1 undeistand that before my
arrival here this session, ! was appointed a mem-
ber of the Committee on Finance. I am a mem-
ber of two other committees, and liavc a good deal
to do on them. 1 therefore respectfully ask the
Senate to excuse me from serving on the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. Nonius was excused, and the vacancy was
ordered to be filled by the President.
Under a resolution passed by the Senate, at
an early day after its organization, the standing
committees were revived, and the President p o
tempore was authorized to fill the vacancies, in
accordance with that resolution the following
appointments have been made:
Committee on Finance—Mr. Toucey and Mr.
Stuart.
Committee on Claims—Mr. Brainlhd.
Committee on Roads and Canals—Mr. Walker.
Committee on the Dhtrict cf Columbia—Mr.
Brown.
Committee on Territories—Mr. Cooper.
Committee on the Pacific Railroad—Mr. Reid
and Mr. Foot.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting the report of the board of offi-
cers appointed to examine claims contracted in
California under Lieutenant Colonel Ft£mont, in
184T5 and 1847; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
ptinted.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of New York, recommend-
ing that an expedition be sent to the Polar sea,
fo'r the purpose of affording relief to Cwnmander
Kane, his officers and crew; which wtiS referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Par-
melia Slavin, praying to be allowed the pension
•te which her former husband, John Blue, was
festitled; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of the
register of the land office and receiver of public
moneys at Kaskaskia, Illinois, praying to be
allowed,the same per centum on the sales of the
public lands as was allowed previous to the act of
August 4, 1854; and asked its reference to the
Committee on Public Lands. This petition'was
presented after the passage of the bill—as found
below—reported by Mr. Stuart from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; and Mr. Stuart sug-
gesttd that there would be no necessity to refer
the petition to a committee, it was therefore
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SHIELDS also presented the petition of
Michael Hanley,praying an increase of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of the administrator tie bonis
non of William Brent, an officer in the war or
the Revolution, praying tobe'allowed the commu-
tation pay to which said Brent was entitled;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Charles
Reeder, praying compensation for services in
making experiments, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Navy, in relation to the explosion
of steam-boilers; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JAMES presented the memorial of Edward
Hatte, praying compensation for services ren-
dered the Patent Office in 1852; which was re-
feired to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Su-
sanna H. Burnham, for herself and in behalf of
the other heirs-at-law of Jeremiah Hill, an officer
in the Army of the Revolution, praying to be
allowed the commutation pay to which he was
entitled; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. EVANS presented the petition of Jane M.
Rudulph.of Charleston, South Carolina, widow
of Captain Thomas V. Rudulph, late a captain in
the United States Revenue Service, praying to be
allowed a pension; whieh was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the petition of
Frederick Zarracher, praying compensation for
expenses incurred, and losses sustained, in enter-
taining, by osdeivof the United States Marshal,
a posse of men, a large body of United States
marines, and others, called out to aid in the execu-
tion of the laws, during the Christiana riots in
Pennsylvania; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of H. R.
Rooker, for herself and others, children of Jabez
B. Rooker, praying compensation for the services
of her father, a clerk to the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings; which was referred to the Commit-
tee oo Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. CLAY, it was
Ordered. That Ann Timuiens have leave to withdraw
her petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That J. W. Nye, assignee of Peter Bargy and
Hugh Stevvait, have leave to withdraw his petition and
papers.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Oriei at, That the report of the Secretary of War, on
the claim of Daniel Nippes, on the files of the Senate, be
referred to liie Committee on Military Affairs,
On motion by Mr. FISH, it was
Ordered, That Duncan T,. Clinch have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers,
IMPROVEMENT OF HARBORS.
Mr. STUART gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill making appropriations'
for improving the harbors on Lakes Ontario,.Erie,;
St. Clair, Huron, Superior, and Michigan1,
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHIELDS, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bilF
to provide for the erection of a marine hospital at
Galena, in the State of Illinois; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to-
the Committee on Commerce.
SITES FOR CUSTOM-HOUSES.
Mr. CHASE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreedito:
Resolvrd, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to inform the Senate what tiles have been seleetPd and
purchased for custom-houses, and a marine hospital in
Ohio, under authority vested in him' frgtt&e set of Congress
passed at the last session ; and if no sites have- keen1 pur-
chased, the reasons which have prevented it.
HOSPITAL MONEY.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by ana.nim.ous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resoh-cd, That the Coirmittee on Commnrce be dfreeted:
to consider the expediency of abolishing-,- by law, the ex-
action of twenty cents from the monthly wages til. the sea-
men in the merchant st-rvice of ibe Ej wwed States, and of
boatmen in the western waters, constituting what is ealieil
hospital money, so that when sick or disabled' they may
enjoy their present piiviteges at lire marine hospitals with-
out the present tax.
CHEROKEE fREATIES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resofie That the Attorney General ofthe United States1
be required 10 examine Ihe iccorils of Ihe different hoards
of commissioners appointed under the seventeenth article
of the Cherokee treaty of l£35-"36, to adjudicate claims
arising under or provided form tile several articles of said
treaty, ami report to the Senate, as soon as practicable,
whether their decisions on reservations granted under the
treaties of 1817 and 1319 were in conformity to the terms
upon which they were granted, and what kind of removal
by the heads of families from said reservations was requi-
site to cause the right to revert to the United States ; also,,
whether anything remains to be done by Ihe United States
to coHiplv. in cood faith, with her obligations to the reservees
under said tieaties.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,an-
nouncing that they had passed the following joint
resolution and bills:
Joint resolution to modify or change theoriginal
plan of the custom-house at New Orleans;
Bill to change the name of the American-built
brig Como to that of Jehossee, and to grant her a
new register;  
Bill to repeal the act for the relief of the legal
representatives of Samuel Prioleau, deceased; and
Senate bill to authorize the issue of patents to
land in any S'ate or Territory in certain cases,
with an amendment, in which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested.
BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed o joint resolution for the relief of the
children of Captain Thomas Porter, deceased; a
bill for the relief of Isaac M. Sigler, of Putnam
county, Indiana; and a bill for the better preser-
vation of life and property from vessels ship-
wrecked on the coasts of the United States; which
were thereupon signed by the President pro tem-
pore.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
repeal an act for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Samuel Prioleau, deceased, was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
The bill to change the name of the American-
built brig Como to that of Jehossee, and to grant
her a new register, was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
COMPENSATION OF LAND OFFICERS.
Mr. STUART. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report "a bill to in-
crease the compensation of the registers of land
offices and receivers of the public moneys, under
the act entitled ' an act to graduate and reduce the
price of public lands to actual settlers and culti-
