54
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14.
fore been considered in the Senate. There was,
then, however, some objection to it, which I now
understand is removed.
- The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill.
It proposes to authorize the President to cause
negotiations to be entered into with the Chippewa
Indians, for the extinguishment of their title to all
the lands owned and claimed by them in the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota and State of Wisconsin. The
treaties are to contain the following provisions,
and such others as may be requisite and proper
to carry them into effect:
First. Granting to each head of a family in fee-
simple a reservation of eighty acres of land, to be
selected in the territory ceded, so soon as surveys
shall be completed, by those entitled, which res-
ervation shall be patented by the President of the
United States, and the patent shall expressly de-
clare that the lands shall not be alienated or leased
by the reservees, or their heirs and legal repre-
sentatives, until otherwise ordered by Congress,
and no change of location shall be made without
the assent of the President of the United States.
Second. The annuities to which the Indians are
entitled under existing treaties, with the consent
of the Indians, together with such as may be
allowed them for the cession or cessions under the
provisions of the act, shall be equally distributed
and paid them at their villages or settlements
within the limits of the ceded territory; but the
President shall be invested with power to cause
the annuities to be commuted, from time to time,
forsuch articles of goods,provisions, stock, cattle,
implements of agriculture, the clearing and fencing
of land, and the erection of buildings and other
improvements, as in his discretion will conduce
most to promote their comfort, civilization, and
permanent welfare.
Third. All the benefits and privileges granted
to the Indians shall be extended to and enjoyed by
the mixed bloods belonging to or connected with
the tribe, and who ahail permanently reside on the
ceded lands.
Fourth. The laws of the United States and the
Territory of Minnesota shall be extended over
the Chippewa territory whenever it may be ceded,
and the same shall cease to be " Indian country,"
except that the lands reserved to the Indians, or
other property owned by tham, shall be exempt
from taxation and execution, and the act passed
June 30, 1834, " to regulate trade and intercourse
with the Indian tribes," &c., shall be inoperative
over the ceded territory, except the twentieth sec-
tion, which prohibits the introduction and sale of
spirituous liquors to Indians.
Fifth. The President shall have power to pre-
scribe and enforce such rules and regulations, not
inconsistent with the provisions of the bill, as he
may deem necessary for the effectual execution of
the purposes of the act, which rules and regula-
tions shall be annually reported to Congress.
For the purpose of defraying the expenses of
the negotiations, the sum of $10,000 is proposed
to be appropriated.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading. It
was read a third time, and passed.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.'
Thursday, December 14, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE ARCTIC EXPEDITION.
Mr. WHEELER, on leave, introduced a me-
morial from the Chamber of Commerce of the city
of New York, praying Congress to take some
measures to rescue Dr. Kane and his associates
from the peril and danger to which they were ex-
posed in the expedition to the Polar seas, in which
they had embarked for the relief of Commodore
Franklin; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval AiFairs.
DUDLEY F. HOLT.
Mr. BANKS. The petition of Dudley F. Holt,
for a pension, was referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, and, under the rule adopted by
the committee, was reported upon adversely. I
understand that the committee are willing to give
a reexamination to the petition, and I ask the
unanimous consent of the House that it may be
again referred to that committee. I make this
request with the consent of the chairman of the
committee.
There being no objection,it was so ordered.
MILITARY CONTRIBUTION FUND.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, introduced the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of so extending the
provisions of the act of Congress of 3d March, 1849, legal-
izing the collection and expenditure of the military contri-
bution fund levied in Mexico, as to authorize the Secretary
of War to pay out of that fund thus appropriated, the same
rate of compensation to those employed m its settlement in
the civil bureaus, as to those already paid in the military.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
adopted.
THOMAS HURST.
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following bill; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs:
A bill for the relief of Thomas Hurst, a sergeant
in the marine corps.
LIGHT-HOUSE ON CAPE RACE.
Mr. CUTTING, by unanimous consent, intro"
duced the following joint resolution; which was
read a first and second, time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce:
Joint resolution authorizing the President of
the United States to adopt measures to procure
the erection of a first-class light-house on Cape
Race.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, in-
' forming the House that the Senate had passed a
bill of' the House (No. 325) " for the relief of
James S. Graham and Walter H. Finnall. Also,
that the Senate had passed bills of the following
titles:
An act for the relief of Israel Ketcham; and
An act for the relief of Isaac Swain.
In which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
MONUMENT TO GENERAL "WAYNE.
On motion by Mr. PECKHAM, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be discharged fiom the further consideration of the petition
of citizens ofFort Wayne, Indiana, asking money to assist
in the erection of a monument at that place, in commemo-
ration of the services of General Wayne, and that the same
be referred to the Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs.
AMOS KNAPP.
Oil motion by Mr. CARPENTER, it was"
Ordered, That Senate bill (No. 193) for the relief of
Amos Knapp be re-referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
INVALID PENSIONS.
On motion by Mr. FAULKNER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill of the
House to provide for the allowance of invalid pensions to
certain volunteers in the Indian wars m Oregon Territoiy,
and lhat the same be referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
TERMINATION OF DEBATE.
Mr. HOUSTON. If there are no reports from
committees to come in, I desire to move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of taking up
the general appropriation bills.
But before I make that motion, however, I wish
to say, as there are other appropriation bills ready
to be taken up for consideration, I will, if the
House indulge me, move to take them up as soon
as the one now under consideration shall have
been disposed of. I now move the usual resolu-
tion, to terminate debate upon the present bill in
one hour after the committee shall have again re-
sumed its consideration.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Upon that motion I ask
for tellers.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 call for the
yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KERR. Is it in order to amend the reso-
lution ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. KERR. I move, then, to amend by in-
serting three hours instead of one.
Mr. HOUSTON. If gentlemen all around will
agree to it, I am perfectly willing to make it two
hours, and will so modify my resolution.
Mr. KERR. That will do.
The modification of the resolution was accepted.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now with-
draw my call for the yeas and nays.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tion, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the motion
of Mr. Houston, it was put and agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Chandler in the chair.)
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee rose,
it had under consideration the Indian appropri-
ation bill, on which the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS. Mr. Chairman, in taking
the floor on this occasion, it was not my purpose,
nor is it my purpose now, to reopen or gointoa
discussion of the general merits of the Ilansas-
Nebraska bill which was passed at the last session
of Congress. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Mace] came forward on yesterday,and, in a very
formal manner, announced the determination, for
the future, of the opponents to that measure. Re-
peal is their policy. Prohibition of slavery is again
to be put upon Kansas and Nebraska. I con-
sidered the merits of the question as settled at the
last session. I consider them as settled now. Rev-
olution never goes backwards—always forward.
The argument in and out of Congress, and through-
out the Union, on the great movement made by
the National Legislature on this question, was then
conclusive, and, by the passage of that bill we
took a grand step in that progress which charac-
terizes this age. There never will be any back-
ward movement in this matter—at least in my
opinion. 1 have no apprehensions on that score;
and I repeat, that I do not rise for the purpose of
opening, or again canvassing, the merits of the
Nebraska-Kansas bill. But the gentleman from
Indiana gave utterance to some remarks to which
I deem some reply proper. He seemed to think
and argue that the late elections at the North con-
clusively showed that the public sentiment there,
by the late elections, had passed the sentence of
public condemnation on the bill referred to, and
demanded its immediate repeal. He spoke of that
as a fixed fact. The gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
WA5HBDKN,] who succeeded him in the discussion,
indulged in the same line of argument. Now, I
wish to state to these gentlemen, to this commit-
tee, and the country, that I draw no such inference
from the late elections. It is true that the results
were very astonishing to some, though not to me,
and took many men, in and out of power, by sur-
prise.
I ask the honorable gentleman from Indiana
how he reaches the conclusion that these elections
set the seal of the public condemnation upon the
friends of the great movement of the last session ?
I believe, Mr. Chairman, that there was no man
more zealous in his opposition to the bill then
passed, not even excepting the gentleman from
Indiana himself, than yourself, and you will par-
don me, sir, the illustration. Even you, sir, from
the city of brotherly love, are no longer returned to
the seat which you have filled with so much abil-
ity, and in which you have voted with me on
many questions of public policy—always except-
ing this particular measure. Now, I ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana whether that is a proof that
the people of Philadelphia agree with him and
with you, Mr. Chairman ? 1 mightargue, follow-
ing his line, that this, your defeat, was the seal of
reprobation on your course. But, sir, .the truth
is, your course on that bill, I take it, had but little
to do in your defeat one way or the other. Again,
Mr. Chairman, my honorable friend jfrom another
