1584.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
district in Pennsylvania, who sits to ray right,
'Mr. HtssTER,] with whom I had a conversation
at the last session just previous to the passage of
the bill, and who was quite as zealous in his op-
position as you or the gentleman from Indiana,
has also been defeated in the canvass for reelec-
tion. I do not recpllect the majority against him.
1 have not attempted the Ilerculaneum excavating
process of ascertaining the depths to which he has
been buried in this popular irruption—the majority
against him I do not know, but it was decided.
The gentleman from the first district of Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Florence,] who voted and ardently
supported the measure, has been rec'ected. I also
_see that the gentleman from the Berks district
[Mr. Jones] has been again returned. Another
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Packer,] and
an advocate of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, has been
returned. In fine, I find that some who have
voted for it and some who have voted against it
Slave been returned to Congress. Why, sir, in
Pennsylvania a gentleman ran for Governor who
was known to be opposed to the bill, and a gen-
tleman ran forOanalCornmissioneron the opposite
ticket, and was known to be in favor of the
measure. The opponent of the bii! was elected
by thirty-seven thousand majority, while its ad-
vocate was elected Canal Commissioner by, I
believe, one hundred thousand majority. Now,
what is to be legitimately inferred from this state
of things? Certainly, not that the people of
Pennsylvania had put their seal of reprobation
oil Nebraska. I should infer that the Nebraska
question had nothing cr very little to do with the
election—it was an element only in the canvass.
Now, when the gentleman wishes to appeal to the
results of an election as evidence of anything, he
must admit that the question claimed to lie decided
by it ought to be the sole, leading:,and paramount
question in the canvasa. If such be the case,
appeal can be made to the result. Out when
you find a Nebraska man elected Canal Commis-
sioner of Pennsylvania by one hundred thousand
majoiity, and an anti-Nebraska man elected
Governor by thirty-seven thousand majority,
it simply shows that this question could have
had very little to do with the results. How was
it in Massachusetts ? There is the honorable
gentleman from that State, [Mr. Goodrich,]
who was alluded to yesterday m connection with
the gentleman from Indiana, as associated with
those who sot up the ICansas and Nebraska Emi-
gration Society. There is another, |Mr, Eliot,]
who came here and took the lead in favor of the
repeal of the fugitive slave law; and the gentleman
who situ immediately in my rear, [Mr. Wau.ky,]
Who was distinguished in his opposition to the
bill—all were zealous in then- opposition to the
bill, all were candidates for reelection,and all were
left at home. All, sir, fell before the destroying
angel which came in the night, and they knew not
whence the blow came. It certainly did not come
from the quarter to which the gentleman from
Indiana alludes; for if the nnti-Nebrankaites struck
down such men as those to whom I have referred,
they did not back their friends as we do ours
down South.
Mr. Chairman, now let me turn to the State of
Illinois. I allude to her with pleasure, for 1 be-
lieve there was not a single northern State where
the principles of the Nebraska bill were so openly
and widely promulgated and considered, ami so
fairly represented and met as in that State. The
distinguished Senator who had charge of the bill
in the Senate, stood ill the front of the battle,
never giving ground, r.ever yielding nn inch, and
the distinguished and gallant gentleman upon this
floor, [Mr. Richardson,] who had charge of it
here, met the people of Illinois everywhere on its
merits. If there is n State nonii which may be
appealed to as one where there was .mything like
a contest on the question, it was Illinois. And
what was the result? There were but three men
from that State who voted for the Nebraska bill,
and now we have four Nebraska men from Illi-
nois. It seems Nebraska gained strength by dis-
cussion there. We had but three men before, and
now we have £ot four.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman tell me what the popular vote of Illi-
nois was upon the Nebraska question ?
Mr. STEPHENS. The only test of the pop-
ular vote in the entire State of Illinois that I know
upon that question, was upon the State treasurer,
and the Nebraska candidate carried it by a large
majority—three thousand majority, 1 have heard.
In Congress, Nebraska gained one member.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I must correct my friend
from Georgia in regard to the fact of the vote in
Illinois upon State treasurer. It is true that Mr.
Moore, the Nebraska man, was elected, I have
seen it stated, by about eighteen hundred majority.
But it should he stated, in connection with that
fact, that the man who ran against him—Mr.
Miller—was not known in the southern part of
the State as a candidate, and was not voted for at
all in that part of the State. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEPHENS. I suppose not.
Mr. WASHBURNE. And I will say further,
that if Mr. Miller had received his party vote in
that part of the State where he was not known as
a candidate, he would have been elected by some
five or six thousand majority.
Mr. STEPHENS. Well, sir, I do not think
the people of Illinois could have been exceedingly
offended and outraged by this measure, if they
did not take the trouble to have their candidates
in opposition known. And yet, the gentleman
from Illinois wants to have us believe that if they
could only have had their candidates known, they
would have been elected by five or six thousand
majority.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will state to the gen-
tleman that the candidate regularly nominated
declined, and the other candidate was brought out
only a short time before the election.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I can only say that
their candidate ran before the popular demonstra-
tion had got hold of him, [laughter,] and it only
shows that the first candidate saw the hand writ-
ing upon the wall, and was more prudent than the
last one. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. With the permission
of the gentleman from Georgia, I will make a sin-
gle correction. My colleague states that Mr.
Moore was elected treasurer of Illinois, because
his opponent was not known as a candidate in the
southern part of the State. Sir, the facts are
against my colleague. It is true that in some of
the southern counties he received but few votes;
but it is also true, that in all the counties he re-
ceived some, so that it was known that Mr. Miller
was a candidate in all the counties in the State.
While 1 am up, I want to state the reason why
the first candidate declined. Ho was nominated
ns the Republican, Fusion candidate, and was
brought out by that party. And 1 hesitate not here
to declare that if he had" continued in the field he
would have been beaten by more than ten thou-
sand votes. l)ut the candidate who was brought
out at last was indorsed by all th? leading Whigs
in the State, na n sound, radical Whig. He was
run by the Whigs and supported by the Fusion-
ista, winch accounts for lus receiving as heavy a
vote as he did.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then the interruption of
the gentleman on my left, [Mr. Washburne,] after
all, amounts to but very little. lie says Moore
was elected by eighteen hundred majority. That
is quite enough for my purpose.
Mr. WASH BURNE. How much was Mr.
Pierce's majority '
Mr. STEP] UiNS. It is not materia! to me
what Mr. Pierce's majority wan. The popular
vote in Illinois at the lecent election was in favor
of sustaining the principle of the Nebraska bill.
That is my point. I do not care whether the ma-
jority was eighteen hundred, or five thousand, or
eighteen thousand. I am willing to take it at
eighteen hundred. I heard that it was three thou-
sand. Thegentlemnn has heard thatit was eighteen
hundred; but the difference is immaterial. It is
given up that a majority was in favor of the prin-
ciple of the Nebraska bill. So much for the pop-
ular condemnation there.
Now, then, take the State of New York—for I
must be brief upon this point. There was but
onerandidate for Governor in that State whowas
openly and avowedly in favor of the repeal of the
Nebraska bill. I rnecm Mr. Clark. New York
gave but few votes upon this floor, for the bill. I
think it is generally conceded, that if there is any
State in the Union that is particularly unsound
on this question, as gentlemen speak, it is New
York. Yv'ell, sir, New York, with all its anti-
slavery organizations; with its Syracuse conven-
tion, where everything was done that could be
done to rally the freemen of the North, as it was
said; with its emigration society; with all this,
how many votes dul Mr. Clark get? Not more
than one third of the votes of the State. Clark
got one hundred and fifty-odd thousand votes;
Seymour got some three hundred less—one hun-
dred and fifty-odd thousand votes; and Ullman
and Bronson, together, received about the same
number, one hundred and fifty-odd thousand
more. So that, in the great State of New York,
where this question was made preeminently a test,
m the recent election, not one third of the votes
of the State were given for the anti-Nebraska
candidate. And yet the late election in New York
is held up as a popular demonstration in opposi-
tion to the principle of the Nebraska bill. Sir, no
such conclusion can be drawn; and thesamemay
be said in reference to the elections in Pennsylva-
nia, in New Jersey, in Michigan, in Indiana; so
far as furnishing any popular demonstration upon
this subject, they amount to nothing. No person
can draw any legitimate inference from them, iu
reference to this question. Some say it v/as the
Know-Nothings; some say it was the Temperance
men; and some say it was the anti-Nebraskaiies,
that caused the defeat.
Sir, 1 am not prepared to say what it was that
caused these, to some people, so strange results.
I am inclined to think that the man down in NoiUi
Carolina was about right when he said it waa
General Malcontent that caused it. Some wers
discontented because of the appointments of tho
President to office; some were discontented be-
cause it was improper to send such a man as Mr.
SoulG to Madrid; some were discontented be-
cause it was wrong to send such a man as Mr.
Belmont abroad; some were dissatisfied at the
appointment of Mr. Vroom; some at Mr. Dix;
some at the turning out of Bronson; some at the
organization of the Cabinet—some at one thins:
and some at another. Some said one thing and
some another. There was general discontent and.
dissatisfaction—whether rightfully or wrongfully
it is not my purpose now to discuss. But the
Administration had pursued such a course an to
make a large party of malcontents—men bent
upon breaking up things—this class, the North
Carolina man calls the "Ramshackles;" the des-
ignation is a good one. Yes, sir, it was General
Malcontent and the great party of the "Ram-
shackleo" that triumphed at the North at the
late elections, and not the anti-Nebraskaites.
[Laughter.]
But the gentleman 'rom Indiana referred to the
South. He said he wanted themembers from the
North to get on the same high stand that the Hep-
rcscntativcsof the South occupied. I suppose he
intended what he said in this connection as a com-
pliment to the South, inasmuch as he wanted
his people to occupy the same position; but, if I
comprehend what he said, I do not receive it as a
compliment. He said that southern members
upon this floor first ascertained the wishes and
then voted upon all questions as their constituents
wished—that they would stand by the inteiests
of their constituents and represent their wishes.
Sir, I ray to the gentleman that I think he is just
as much mistaken in this as he v/as in reference
to the popular elections of the North. I can
speak, however, only for myself. It is not true
thai, m my course as a member of this House, 5
look solely to what my constituents wish. The
first question that addresses itself to my mind is,
whether any measure presented here io right ? I
send no letters home to know what they think
there about it; I never have and never shall. I
consult my own judgment, and act accordingly.
If 1 think a measure is right, that it is proper,
that«it is just, I vote for it; and if I do not, I vote
against it. Upon the merits of every question I
am responsible to my constituents; and when i
go home to them, an intelligent and patriotic
people, if they do not approve my conduct, they
can send another in my place. Sir, I believe that
that is the general position of southern men.
But the gentleman says that when southern
men's measures are vetoed, they raise their voices
in tones of thunder until they carry them. Sir, I
do not believe there over was a southern measure
vetoed. I do not recollect one. The South has
never asked anything from your Government that
-called for a veto. There is the difference between
us. The South asks but few favors from you.
It is a class of gentlemen from the North who
ask aid from the Government. Why, we never
