1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
•which closes the mouths of freemen. That sort
of liberty he would have which says to freemen,
"You shall do as I please—it is a free country,it
is true; but I will nave my way, and you shall
not say a word. You shall not elect Whitfield,
or any man who would favor the introduction of
slavery." [Laughter.]
Nov/, sir, the gentleman [Mr. Mace] yesterday
notified the country, and notified the House that
Nebraska never should come in as a slave State.
This is plain and direct language. It presents the
issue fairly. It is bringing up that question which
lias been thrice settled by this country. And,
■without pretending to speak prophetically, 1 will
venture the opinion, that if Nebraska comes here
•with a slavery constitution, she will be admitted;
and the great body of these gentlemen who occupy
the position of the gentleman from Indiana, will
be at that time buried so deep under popular con-
demnation, that their voices against it will never
reach the Capitol. A great national principle is
involved in this question which the people of this
country are not a going to ignore. National men
will be sent from the North well as from the
South. Men will be sent to Congress who stand
upon principles, and w#l not " back and fill,"and
be on one principle for one week, one month, and
one moon, and upon another principle another
week, and month, and moon. The gentleman's •
principles do not set by him a twelve-month. And [
if he changes in the future as rapidly and radically I
as he has in the past, even he, if here, may yet I
vote for her admission as a slave State.
In some things I was surprised at the gentle- <
man's speech yesterday; for I recollected very j
well the remarks he made with reference to this
Nebraska bill before it passed,and the amendment
which he offered. I beg to call his attention and
the attention of the House to the report of his
remarks—made on the 22d of May, the Saturday
before it passed;
" Mr. Mack moved to insert in the first section ' tind the
Territorial LfRii-lature tliall have Ihj- p-nver lo admit or ex-
clude slavery at fttiv time by law.' lb' <uil lie offered the
amendment in K<««1 tViitli, uml for ttie purpose of testniR
the hincenty of members from ttm western ritates, and
more especially the sincerity of those of llie delegation
from Irclinnu, who were to vote m lavor of the bill.
" Mr. F.Ntn.isu. II the amendment be udopted, will my
COllc^2lie yive ttie lull Ins t-npp'Jrt?
"Mi. Mace. I will."
Mr. MACE. What reasons did 1 give?
Mr. STEPHENS. The only reasons he gave
arc those I have read. Tie said that he ouered
the amendment in good faith, for the purpose of
testing the sincerity of members, und more espe- i
cially the sincerity of the members of the dclega- j
tion from Indiana who voted in favor of the bill; ,
and he said that if it was adopted—that, is, lUthe !
Legislature should have the power to settle the j
question at any time, he would vote for the bill.
Now, he wants to deprive the Legislature, or the
people in convention, from ever being empowered ,
to settle, as they want to do, it (it nil. Perhaps ,
when the people do settle, ns they now have the ,
power to do it, he may yet sanction it, notwtth- j
standing they may adopt a slavery constitution, j
Mr. MACE. Did the gentleman vote for my
amendment?
Mr. STEPHENS. I did not, and for the
reason given, that by the bill we had given the
people all the power that, we could under the Con-
etitution. We could not grant, more, and they j
could not exercise more if we had granted it. ,
We had done, all we could on our part, and we j
could not give them more. The government of j
the Territories, in my opinion, devolved upon
Congress, in the first instance. It was our duty
to govern them, or provide governments for them. :
I stated then to the country, and now state, that
I believe it was right and just for us to uirn over
our powers to the people, ail the powers at least
that they can exercise under the Constitution. fc>o
farad my vote was concerned, I £ave the people yll
the power that they could exercise under the Con-
stitution. "We could not give them more, and why
should the gentleman have asked to give them
more ^
The o-entleman from Indiana said that he would
vote in good faith to give the people of these Terri-
tories power to admit slavery; but now he comes
forward and-wants todeprive them of the power of
passing any law by which slavery may be tolerated.
1 did not know then whether Kansas would be ti
slave State or not, I do not know now whether it
will be or not, but this does not make the slightest
difference in my vote. Men may indulge in what-
ever speculations they please. If Kansas should
come here with a constitution excluding slavery,
and ask admission into the Union as a State,
while I am a member upon this floor, I should
vote for her admission. At least that feature in
her constitution will not cause me to vote against
heradmission. lvoted for the admission of iowa,
apd I have voted for the admission of eveiy
northern State, since I have occupied a seat upon
this floor, when I have been in my place. 1 was
not here when California was admitted, but I
defended her admission.
I want gentlemen from the North, and the gen-
tleman from Indiana, to understand the South, or
at least the position of someof her Representatives.
We stand upon principle. We do not advocate
a measure to-day, because it votes money into the
pockets of our constituents, or because it is
favored by them or advances their interests, and
then to-moirow array ourselves in opposition to
it, because we think a different result follows from [
its operation, but we stand, particularly on this !
question, upon the fixed and immutable principles ;
upon which the Constitution itself rests. In the j
beginning, in the middle of our history, and up j
to'this time, there we have always stood. The :
South, in 1820, maintained the principle that a !
State has the right to come into the Union with j
such institutions as she, republican in their char- j
acter, might adopt. Missouri was denied admis- ;
sion, amfthe South did reluctantly consent that |
• slavery should be excluded north of ,')GO 30', pro- j
vided Missouri should come in as she pleased.
But Missouri was again denied admission—she 1
did not come in under this net of 1820. I will not,
however, go over this ground again now. The
North would not adhere to the principles of the
act of J82U. When the strife of 1850 became in-
tolerable, when the ship of State seemed about to
go down, and when southern men werestill stand-
ing on deck with (lag staff in their hands appeal-
ing to northern patriots to come to the rescue, !
and stand upon the old platform, occupied by j
them when the Missouri question arose—that is,
the State-rights doctrine of letting each Statesettle
this matter for itself—whether in accordance with ;
the wishes of the North or South—it was then
that this principle, incorpoiatcd in tlie Nebraska
bill, was fust established. This principle now fol- 1
lows the American (lag wherever it floats, whether
in California, Utah, New Mexico, or southern
Texas. The same stars and stripes, with the
same principles inscribed upon their broad folds,
now wave far up in Kansas and Nebraska ! Let
them go, knit together,one and inseparable, over I
every foot of American soil. This, sir, is my j
wish, and this, sir, 1 think, will be the result; j
I therefoie say to the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Washburn,] that he will not live to see the 1
day, in my opinion, when this great movement, |
this revolution in American politics, will ever roll j
backwards. Us courso will rather be onward.
There are some other topics lo which I wish to
allude.
Why is it that gentlemen object so much to the
introduction of slavery into Kansas, if the people
of that Territory desire it to go there? When 1
made a speech at the last session upon this sub-
ject, I stated that 1 would vote for the principle of
allowing the people of any section of the country
to come into the Union and form institutions as
they please. This I said when I knew there might
be twice as many people there from the North as
from the South, and the chances of emigration i
knew would greatly preponderate in favor of the
North. 1 am willing, now, to abide by that prin-
I ciple. I have no desire to deprive the people of
any State or Territoiy in our common country of
the right of adopting such institutions for their
government, when they become States, as they
please. It is anti-American, and entirely at war
with the spirit of the age, about which we hear
so much. 1 ask why the people of any section of
the country should be prevented from adopting
the institutions of the South, if they wish them r
Socially, morally, and politically, or in any
aspect of the question, is there any reason for
depriving them of such right? Is it for the snke
of humanity that gentlemen ore not willing for
the people of Kansas to assign the African the
same condition there that he occupies in the
South, if they think it best to do so? Are gen-
tlemen willing to degrade their own race by
not permitting them to vote upon matters re-
lating to their own government, while they are
endeavoring to elevate the negro to the-standard
of the white man? You may degrade the white
man, but you cannot raise the negro to the level
you purpose. It is impossible. You have to
reverse a law of nature first. Men may indulge
in philanthropic speculations ns much as they
please, but here is the great immutable law of
nature, and they cannot avoid it. I am not here
to argue whether decrees of the Most High are
right, wise, and just. Thereisa difference, a vast
difference, established by the Creator between the
different races of men. For myself, I believe that
He who made us all is just, and that He made the
white mail as He made him, and thatjrle made the
negro as He made him—for wise und just pur-
poses. Some vessels are made for honor and
some for dishonor; one star differeth from another
star in magnitude as well as in brilliancy. I be-
lieve, too, that the system of government, as
adopted by the South, defining the status or rela-
tion of these two races, is the best for both of
them; and I am prepared to argue that question
with the gentleman, here or anywhere. Take the
negroes in Indiana, take thein in the North gen-
erally, and compare their condition with those of
the South. Take them in Africa; take them any-
where on the face of the habitableglobe; and then
take them in the southern States, and the negro
population of the South are better off, better fed,
better clothed, better provided for, enjoy more
happiness, and a higher civilization, than the same
race has ever enjoyed anywhere else on the face
of the world. Could Howard,the philanthropist,
who has left an undying fame for his deeds of
humanity, have taken the same number of Africans
from their native country and raised them from
their barbarous condition to that of the slaves of
the South, he would have added much to that
stature of immortality which, in his day,he erected
to himself. It would have greatly added to that
reputation, which now sanctifies his memory in
the heaits and affections of mankind.
Look at the three millions of" Africans as you
; find them in the South; and where is the man so
| cold-hencted, and cold-blooded, as would wish to
ijiut them in the condition that their forefathers
i weie, or their kindred now are in Africa? What
I has done so much for these people but that which
I is so much denounced by inconsiderate fanatics;
men and women, too, who find fault with what
they know nothing about?
Again: take our negroes, and compare their
condition with that of the free negroes of the
North. I have the result of the Census returnn
before me, and from that it appeals that the in-
crease of the free people of color in the United
States, from 1840 to IBM, was only ten and ninety-
five hundredths per centum. Tiiis shows that
their condition cannot be very good, or desirable;
and to this increase is to be added, too, the fugi-
tive slaves, and those who have been emancipated.
With all these sources of increase, that increase
has only been ten and ninety-five hundredths per
centum.
Now, how is it with the slaves—the down-trod-
den, the abused, the half-starved slaves? Their
increase, duiing the same peiiod, was twenty-
eight and fifty-eight hundredths. Is there any
such result to be presented at the North, where
they are free and left to themselves? How can
your missionaries in philanthropy and crusaders
in benevolence account for this?
But some people say that slavery is a curse to
the white mun. They abandon the idea that it is
a curse to the negro. They say it weakens, im-
poverishes, and demoralizes a State. Let us see.
They say there can be no high social, moral, or
materia! development under the institution of sla-
very. 1 have before me some statistics on thi?
point—statistics relating to material development.
But, before alluding to them, 1 will say upon the
subject of morals, that I saw a table of crimes
made out in the Census Office for 1850. From
those statistics it appeared—I speak from mem-
ory; I have not the paper before me—that the
number of convictions for crimes of every grade,
in Massachusetts, the land of " steady habits,"
and where we hear so much of the immoral effects
of slavery, with a population under one million,
was several thousand; while in the State of Geor-
gia, with a population not so great, the similar
