1854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
another committee that occupies my time to such
ail extent that it Is impossible for me to give at-
tention to tire duties of the Committee of Claims.
1 therefore hope the House will excuse me from
further service on that committee.
Many Members. "No," "no."
A Member. What other committee are you
on?
Mr. LETCHER. The special committee on
the Colt patent case.
Several Members. We cannot excuse you.
Mr. LETCHER. It is utterly impossible for
•me to attend to the duties of both committees, and
1 think it only right, as there are gf ntlemen in the
House who are upon no committees, that the
Committee of Claims should be full. The special
committee on which I am now engaged, meets
almost every day, and I must necessarily be ab-
sent from it, or from the Committee of Claims.
Under these circumstances, it seems to me that it !
would be unreasonable for the House to decline to
excuse me, especially as there are eight or nine
gentlemen here who aie upon no committees.
Mr. HAVEN. I shall regret very much to
loss the services of our friend from Virginia on
the Committee of Claims, but under the circum-
stances, I think the House had better excuse him. ]
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 can only say that if the ]
opinion of the Committee of Claims has any
weight with the House, the gentleman will not be
excused. As chairman of the committee, I should
dislike very much to lose the gentleman. I con-
sider him—and i believe the committee do also—
one of the most important members of the com-
mittee.
Mr. FLORENCE. We all know he is that.
Mr. LETCHER. However much I shall re-
gret to part with the Committee of Claims, it is
perfectly certain that we must part, or that I must
give lip my position on the spcctal committee.
The question was then taken; and Mr. Letcher
was excused from further service on the Commit-
tee of Claims.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of private bills on
the Speaker's table.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to mnive h report fi om
that committee, which the rules require me to
make.
The SPEAKER. Is it a bill?
Mr. HOWS TON. It is.
The bill wao then read a first and second time
by its title, as follows, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed:
A bill making appropriation for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of tho Government for the
year ending 30th June, 185G.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. EDDY, by unanimous consent, introduced
sundry bills; which were read a first and second
time by their respective titles, and referred as indi-
cated below, viz:
A bill for the relief of John L. Bowes, an agent
in charge of property of the United States at
Michigan City, in the State of Indiana. Referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill making appropriation for continuing the
piers, and constructing a breakwater at Michigan
City, in the State of Indiana, and to otherwise
improve the harbor at said city. Referred to the
Committee on (Commerce.
And a bill for the relief of Stephen Bunnel, of
the State of Indiana. Referied to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. EDGERTON. i rise to what 1 believe to
be a question of privilege. I see that I am re-
corded on the Journal as having given notice of
my intention to introduce an amendment to the
homestead bill. That amendment has been printed
with my name attached to it as its author. My
attention has been called to it, and t wish to state
to the House that it is an error on the part of the
Clerk. The amendment is proposed by Mr.
Etkeridge, of Tennessee, and 1 am opposed to it.
Mr. McMULLiN. I call for the regular order
of business. This being private bill day, I trust
the House will proceed to the consideration of
private business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair repeats that the
business first in order is the consideration of the
private bills upon the table.
Mr. PULLER. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia permit me to report back a joint resolution
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce ?
Mr. WALSH. I object, and insist on the
regular order of business.
PRIVATE BILLS BETSEY NASH.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the private business upon the Speaker's table, ,
the first bill in order being House bill (No. 380)
" for the relief of Betsey Nash," returned from
the Senate with an amendment.
The amendments of the Senate propose to add
two sections to the bill, providing for the payment
of §3,000 to the wido%v of James C. Eatchelder,
who was killed at Boston on the 2Gth May, 1854,
while assisting the United States marshal for the
district of Massachusetts in executing a law of
Congress.
Mr. McMULLiN. That is a question which
I confess I do not very well understand, and 1
should be glad if some friend of the amendments
would explain them to the House.
The SPEAKER. The bill and amendments,
involving an appropriation, must, under our rules,
be committed, unless by the unanimous consent of
the Uon^e they 'ie considered now. *
Mr. WAS11EURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move then that the bill
and the amendments be referred to the Committee
on Militery Affairs.
Mr. McMULLiN. It occurs to me that this
bill ought to be referred to the Committee of the
Whole House. 1 make the motion that it be so
referred.
Mr. FLORENCE. It is too late to make the
motion. The Kill has been already referred.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
too late, and that the gentleman from Virginia has
a right to make the motion.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire a word for information,
which may control the question in the House.
What is the condition of the bill? is it on its re-
turn from the Senate now?
The SPEAKER. It is on its return from the
Senate, with an amendment involving an appro-
priation.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I hope it will go to a
Committee of the Whole House.
The-question was taken on Mr. McMulux's
motion; and it was agreed to.
So the bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House.
THOMAS ELLIS.
The SPEAKER. House hill (No. 381) for the
relief uf Tliomaa Ellis has been returned fiom the
Senate with an amendment. The amendment
proposes to strike out, in lines six and seven, the
word " Illinois," and insert in lieu thereof, the
word " Missouri," so that the sentence will lead,
" to Thomas Ellis, of Platte county, in the State
of Missouri."
The question was put; and the Senate amend-
ment was agreed to.
SENATE BILLS.
The following bills of the Senate were read a
first and second time by their titles, anil respect-
ively referred to the Committee of Claims:
JN 0. 484. Act for the relief of Gad Humphreys;
No. 4(14. Act for the relief of Israel Ketchum;
No. 4--'4. Act for the relief of Isaac Swain.
REPRESENTATIVES OF GEORGE FISHER.
Senate bill (501) supplemental to an act therein
mentioned.
Mr. SINGLETON. This is a bill which con-
cerns paities in Mississippi. It is simply for the
purpose of carrying out the objects of a bill passed
at a previous session. I should like very much to
have the bill put nnon its passage.
Seveial Members. Let the bill be read.
The Cleric read the bill.
It directs that it shall be the duty of the Second
Auditor of the Treasury—uuder the provisions of
the act of Congress for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of George Fisher, deceased, approved
April 12,1848—to reexamine the said case, and to
! allow the claimants the benefit of the testimony
I heretofore marked " rejected" for the want of au-
1 thentication, provided that such testimony be now
legally authenticated by the executive of Alabama,
and adjudged to be made ill strict accordance with
the act referred to, and to which this act is sup-
plementary.
Mr McMULLiN. I hope the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Singleton] will not ask to have
this bill put upon its passage now. It strikes me
thatitshould bereferred to acommittee. For the
purpose of saving time, I shall insist upon the
regular order of business. -
Mr. SINGLETON. The bill does not con-
template the appropriation of a single cent. It is
merely to regulate a matter between the Auditor
and the representatives there spoken of, and to
allow the Auditortoadmitcertain testimony which
was before rejected on account of want of form-
ality in the record. This want of formality has
been supplied, and the only object of this bill now
is to permit this excluded testimony to be given
before the Auditor. The Auditor has an impression
that he cannot reopen the case, unless authorized
to do so by the passage of a supplemental act. It
has been passed by the Senate without any objec-
tion, and I hope the House will now pass it.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
having been read a third time, was passed.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the House
do now resolve itself into a Committee of the
VV hole House on the Private Calendar.
j The question was put; and the motion was
| agteed to.
; The House accordingly resolved itself into a
I Committee of the Whole IIouss on the Private
Calendar, (Mr. McMullim in the chair.)
SAMUEL COLT.
The CHAIRMAN. The business first in order
before the committee is the consideration of House
bill No. 59, being a bill for the relief of Samuel
Colt.
Mr. EDGERTON. I trust that that bill will
be passed over informally. I understand that
! the investigating committee is not ready to report
I on the case vet.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Can the commit-
; tee pass it by simply by a majority vote? 1
^ think we can dispose of it, now that it is up.
; TheCIIAIRMAN. According to the impres-
j sion of the Chair, it has been the practice hereto-
1 fore to pass by informally this bill, as well as
I others.
j Mr. JONES. Yes; but it was by unanimous
i consent.
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair fell into an
j error; it. is understood that the practire has been
I to pass bills by by unanimous consent.
I Sir. EDGERTON. I would state to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee that this bill has been
passed over several times by a majority vote.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the Chair under-
stand the gentleman from Tennessee as objecting
to the bill being passed by informally?
I Mr. JONES. Yes, sir; I think it better to have
! it d sposed of at once.
' Mr. EDGERTON. I make the motion that the
j bill be passed hy informally; and I ask that the
' question be taken. I would state that the House
j have twii-e decided, by a vote, that this bill shall
j be passed by informally. Once the gentleman
j from Massachusetts. [Mr. Wallet,] in the chair
I decided that it could not be passed by without
j unanimous consent, but the House overruled his
decision. Again, when I was in the chair, I
made a similar decision, but the House overruled
it, I now make the motion that the bill be passed
by informally, and I call for a vote of the com-
mittee upon that question.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no dispo-
sition to raise the question. If the majority of the
ronimittee are disposed to pass this caseby inform-
ally, I have no objection. I shall vote against
doing so, and I think we had better dispose Of the
case to day.
The CHAIRMAN. Not being well acquainted
with what have been the decisions heretofore, the
Chair i3 disposed to entertain the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Edgerton-.] The
question before the committee, therefore, is, shall
the bill be passed by informally for the present?
Mr. EDGERTON demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Kerr and Boyce were
appointed.
