m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
•The question was taken, and there were—ayes
82, noes 43.
Bo the bill was passed by informally.
ferdinand clarxc.
House bill (No. 103) for the relief of Ferdinand
Clark.
•The biil and report were then read by the Clerk.
. The bdl in this case provides that the duties
imposed by the act of June 30,1834, entitled "An
act concerning tonnage upon Spanish vessels," on
the Spanish brig Conde de Villanueva, Captain
Carlos de Agao, and paU to the collector of the
port of Charleston, in South Carolina, previous
to the clearance of the vessel from that port for
Cuba, on the 11th of September, 1835, with a
cargo of rice and lard, shall be refunded to Ferdi-
nand Clark, the owner of the brig, she having been
wrecked on the coast of Florida, on the 17th of
the same month, and lost, with the greater portion
of her cargo.
Prom the report in this case it appears that the
petitioner is a citizen of the United States, and a
resident merchant at Havana; that he was the
owner of the Spanish brig Conde de Villanueva,
of which Captain Carlos de Agao was commander;
that ihe said brig, l.iden with a c,jrgo of rice and
lard, (part of which was also the property of the
petitioner,) cleared from Charleston, in the State of
South Carolina, for Havana, in the Island of
Cuba, on the 11th of September, 1835, having
paid to the collector of the port of Charleston the
sum of one thousand nine hundred and fifty-one
dollars and forty-three cents,* ($1,951 43,) as ton-
nage duty, conformably to the act of Congress of
the 30th of June, 1834, entitled, " An act concern-
ing tonnage duty on Spanish vessels;" that the
said brig sailed from Charleston on the 13th of
September, 1835, and that on the 17th of the same
month she was wrecked on the coast of Florida,
and that the vessel and cargo were totally lost,
with the exception only of a portion of the lard.
It also appears that, in consequence of that dis-
aster, the petitioner, through his agents, Messrs.
Crocker & Co., merchants, of Charleston, and
consignees of the said brig, applied to the collector
of<$he port of Charleston for relief, and that, at his
suggestion, they subsequently addressed them-
selves to the Secretary of die Treasury, requesting
that the duties thus paid might be refunded; but
that they were given to understand by the Secre-
tary that he had no authority to interpose in their
behalf, and that relief in such cases could only be
afforded by the action of Congress. The peti-
tioner, accordingly, now applies to Congress for
that redress which the Treasury Department is
unable to afford.
Mr. FULLER. Mr. Chairman, while the re-
port of the committee was being read at the Clerk's
desk, so much noise prevailed in the Hall that 1
presume but a small portion of the members, for
whose benefit it was read, heard it. Having re-
ported the bill, it is perhaps my duty as well to
the House and the claimant, to make a brief state-
ment of the reasons set forth by the committee
why it should pass.
The equity of the case grows out of the ton-
nage duty levied by the Spanish Government on
American vessels carrying American cargoes to
the Islands of Cuba and Porto Rico. The Span-
ish Government levied a heavy discriminating ton-
nage duty, the object of which was to throw the*
carrying trade of American produce from the
American into Spanish bottoms. In 1831 or
1832, our Government levied a countervailing ton-
nage duty on Spanish vessels leaving American
ports. The claim \nt here shipped a cargo of
American produce from Charleston, on board of a !
Spanish vessel. Before he got his clearance he '
paid the collector of that port §1,900 tonnage duty. 1
The vessel proceeded on her voyage, but had gone 1
only a short distance when she was wrecked on !
the coast, and her cargo lost. Now, the question |
arises, whether our Government, in protecting
ourcommerce by means of countervailing tonnage
duty, will add to the injury of its own citizens by i
exacting tonnage duty which was intended to be
paid when the vessel had arrived at a Spanish port?
It is just one of these cases, in the judgment of j
the committee, and mine also, where the strongest I
equitable considerations apply against our Govern- !
ment for the refunding of the tonnage duty. j
This is the case, in short. A very voluminous !
report was made on it sometime ago, which the i
Committee on Commerce has adopted. It is the
report which has just been read. I see no in-
jjry to result from the passage of the bill. And
it strikes me that if a case can arise where the
sovereign power ought to refund the money, as
well from equitable considerations as on grounds
of policy, this is that. one. _ With this statement
I leave the matter with the committee.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
adolphus meir and company.
House bill for the relief of Adolphus Meir &
Co., of St. Louis.
The bill, which was read, provides that there
shall be refunded to Adolphus Meir & Co., of
St. Louis, or to their attorney at New Orleans,
the duties paid by them on seventeen packages of
hardware, amounting to §1,075 30, being part of
an invoice imported by Adolphus Meir & Co., of
St. Louis, through the medium ofC.T. Buddecke
& Co., of New Orleans, from Liverpool, in the
American ship W. V. Kent, which packages of
hardware were entered at New Orltans under
warehouse and transportation bond, and sent from
the ship direct to the steamboat Marshal Ney,
bound to St. Louis, Missouri; and which steam-
boat on the evening of October 8, 1849, the time
fixed for her departure, took fire and was burned,
together with the merchandise aforesaid) provided
the said Adolphus Meir & Co. shall, within four
months after the approval of this act, furnish to
the Secretary of the Treasury satisfactory proof of
the total destruction of said hardware
. On motion by Mr. FULLER, the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
wilson and brothers, op st. louis.
House bill for the relief of Wilson & Brothers,
of St. Louis, in the State of Missouri.
The bill, which was read in cxtenso, provides
for the refunding to Wilson & Brothers, of St.
Louis, §549 90 for duties paid on five packages of
merchandise transhipped and destroyed in like
manner with those referred to in the previous case:
provided, that proof be furnished the Secretary of
the Treasury that the merchandise was duly de-
livered and totally destroyed, and that Wilson &
Brothers are the parties in interest, and authorized
to receive the return duties. *
Mr. FULLER. I move that the bill be laid
aside, to be reported to the House, with tSfe rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Chairman, though the
amount proposed to be appropriated from the
Treasury is small, still the precedent to be es'ab-
lished is a bad one. If we are to refund duties
paid on goods which have been destroyed by fire
after importation into the country, and previous
to the sale to consumers, we must refund all du-
ties on goods, whether destroyed by fire or other-
wise, previous to their being sold to consumers.
Why should not the consumer be paid his loss,
as well as the importer. The bill sets a bad pre-
cedent. If we are to have revenue laws, they
should be uniformly enforced. There should be
no individual exceptions. If we make exceptions
now, we shall hereafter be flooded with similar
claims for the refunding of duties. When we
have a tariff, let the duties assessed at the custom-
house be collected. When that system of col-
lecting taxes ceases, then this legislation will cease
with it. I see no reason for making this pro-
posed exception to the general rule.
Mr. FULLER. I apprehend that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has not carefully noted
the principles on which the reporting of the bill
is based. The order for the goods emanated from
the city of St. Louis. Goods imporled to that
place, as the gentleman is well aware, have to be
transhipped at New Orleans; from the vessel in
which they were brought across the Atlantic they
are transferred to a boat capable of navigating the
Mississippi river. Duties on goods imported and
destined for St. Louis, are computed and settled
at New Orleans by thecollector.and are put under
what are called " transportation bonds." In this
case the packages were placed unbroken on board
a steamboat which took fire on leaving New Or-
leans, and, with the merchandise, was consumed.
I see no reason why these goodsshould pay duties
while on the steamboat any more than they should
had the vessel in which they were brought to New
Orleans been sunk in the ocean. They did not
! arrive at the point of their final destinaiion; they
| were in progress of importation. The duties had
i only been computed or ascertained at New Or-
j leans to prevent frauds being committed upon the
i revenue by the goods being landed, and entering
j into consumption at intermediate points.
[ This, therefore, does not come within the class
I of cases where the goods have been landed at their
final destination, the packages brokeq, and the
goods scattered over the country before being de-
stroyed by the casualty of fire. The uniform
practice of the Government has been to remit
duties in such cases. It is now settled by a gen-
eral law which has since been passed, that where
goods are destroyed in unbroken packages, while
; being transported from one port to another, the.
> duties shall be refunded.
Mr. GROW. Since the statement of the gen-
tleman from Maine, I will say that I had not
exactly understood the nature of the case from the
reading of the report. It seems from the state-
ment of the gentleman, that this would not furnish
i a precedent to cover all cases where goods are
j -destroyed by fire, and where the duties have been
' paid. I have, therefore, no objection to the pas-
sage of this bill.
I Mr. FULLER,. I ask, then, for the vote upon
! the motion, that the bill be laid aside to be re-
! ported to the House, with a recommendation that
; it do pass.
| The question was put; and the bill was accord-
[ ingly laid aside.
i moore and iiascall.
I House bill for the relief of Hiram Moore and
i John Ha"cai! coming up next in order,
! Mr. TRACY said: This bill is one that I re-
[ ported from theCommitteeon Patents. I had been
' under the impression that it was disposed of at
! the last session until this morning. I wbh absent
! from my seat a considerable portion of the latter
I part of the session, on account of ill health, and
; could not attend to it myself. I am not prepared
to take it up this morning; and I move, therefore,
| that it be passed over for the present.
; The motion was agreed to.
j thomas s. j.johnson.
House bill for the relief of Thomas S. J. John-
son, of the Territory of New Mexico, coming up
next in order, was read inextenso by the Clerk.
Mr. REA DY. Since that bill was reported by
the Committee of Claims, an important coramu-
| nication has been received from the Treasury De-
' partment, which makes it desirable that the bill
I should, again go before the committee which re-
j ported it. I ask, therefore, that that disposition
1 may be made of it.
| The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman move
; that the bill be recommitted?
| Mr. READY. Not exactly that; I move that
1 it be laid aside to be reported to the House, with
the recommendation that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill accord-
ingly laid aside.
charles a. kellett.
Senate bill for the relief of Charles A. Kellett
coming up next in order, was read in (xtenso.
It provides for refunding the duties which were
paid upon a Chinese junk, brought some years
ago into New York by the petitioner.
The report states that the junk was brought to
this country to aid the purposes of science by ex-
hibiting it as a curiosity, and1 that the cost of
importation was much greater than the amount
received from exhibition.
Mr. LETCHER. It seems that that gentleman
embarked in a humbug speculation which did not
pay. I move that the bill be laid aside to be re-
ported to the House, with the recommendation that
it do not pass.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill accord-
ingly laid aside.
general baron de icalb.
House bill for the relief of the children and
heirs of Major General Daron de Kalb, coming up
next in order, was read through by the Clerk.
It directs the payment of $90,513 61, including
interest from the year 1810, to the children and
heirs of Baron de Kalb, in consideration of the
services of the late General rle Kalb in the war of
the Revolution.
