1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
the service of the United States in tlie war of the Revolu-
tion, and ivho, at the action of Camden on tile lOtti of Au-
gust, 1780, when leading on the troops of the Maryland and
Delaware lines, and 'animating them by his example to
deeds of valor, '* lost his life; and the said representatives
having presented to Congress a claim for his services,"
&e., Sec.
Such is the noble tenor of our legislative resolve.
I had wished tpat, the argument of this claim
should be left to the honorable gentleman [Mr.
Corwin] who reported the bill, and whose careful
and elaborate report must meet the approbation of
every member Who gives it a candid considera-
tion; and to the other gentleman, [Mr. Peckham,]
a member of the same committee, who has given
much attention to the subject. Although these
gentlemen differ in the results, by the figures which
they have presented, yet their arguments ought to
carry our conclusions to support the claim which
they have both so strongly advocated. It stands,
as it was stated by the honorable gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Peckham,] upon two grounds.
It is a claim made by the representatives of Daron
de Kalb, who are descended from his own loins,
and who reside in France, poor, and destitute, for
the arrears of pay and emoluments due him under
the engagement by which he entered into the
American service in our revolutionary struggle—
the pay to be computed exactly in dollars and
cents for the period of time in which he served,
and emoluments to be ascertained upon the same
principle.
The second ground upon which the claim is
based, is an act of Congress which gave seven
years' half-pay to the widows and children of
those who fell in our revolutionary struggle.
Sixty years have passed since that glorious, gal-
lant German, laid down his life in our cause. 1
have stood upon the spot where he fell; and 1 have
felt all my patriotic enthusiasm kindled by the
side of his grave. The people of Camden, and
its neighborhood, as hospitable, patriotic, and
generous as any of the gallant State of Carolina,
erected a beautiful monument over his remains m
the church-yard there. The people of South Car-
olina, in common with the people of Maryland,
and of the whole country, venerate hia memory,
I have spoken with old men upon the battle field of
hia fame, who were full of interesting traditions
connected with him, and his service there, and
who were able to give me a vivid and most grati-
fying picture of what they were. There are
authentic memorials in the archives of our State,
made up of letters from some of the gallant sons of
Maryland, who accompanied Daron de Kalb,ar.d
which state that, after he hat! received eleven mor-
tal wounds from British bayonets and sabres, wlfen
engaged in the very front of the fight, and while
he was slowly dying, that hedevoted the last mo-
ments of his life in dictating a letter, testifying to
the gallantry of our heroic troops, and recommend-
ing their example to the imitation and emulation
of their countrymen. Thelast moments of his life
were not passed in thoughts of his wife and chil-
dren, far away. No, sir; his mind did notgoacross
to Prance to occupy itself in the tenderrecollections
and associations that would engage the mind of
one leas patriotic, leas stern, and less devoted to
the great cause of out" liberties; but he spent the
last moments of his life in dwelling with delight
upon the conduct of our soldiers, in describing
how the field was fought, how the troops wtye
•The high regard entertained by the whole American ,
people for his gallant conduct and distinguished services is !
strongly evinced m the following resolution, adopted by I
Congress on the l-llli of October, 1780, to wit :
Resolved, Thata monument be erected to the memory of
the late Major General Baron de Kalb, in the city or An-
napolis, m the State of Maryland, with the following in-
scription :
Sacred to the memorv of the
BARON DE KALI!,
Knight of the royal order of military merit,
Brigadier of the armies of France,
And Major General in the service of the United States of
America,
ilaviii^ served with honor and reputation for three years,
He gave a last and glorious proof of ins attachment to tile
liberties oS mankind and the causc of America,
In the action near Camden, ill tile State ofSoudi Carolina,
On the ltith of August, 1780;
Where, leading on the troops ofthe Maryland and Delaware
lines, against superior numbers,
and animating them by Ins example to deeds of valor,
He waspieiced with many wounds, ami,
On the 19th f illowiug, expired, in the 43th year of his age.
The Congress of the United States of America,
In gratitude to his zeal, service-*, and merit,
Have erected this moil ument.
arranged, and which of them most distinguished
themselves, and how even the British had bosne
their testimony to the bravery of his troops. His
aid-de-camp, l)e Buysson, in whose arms he ex-
pired, received these declarations, and asserted
that they were thelast thoughts of the dyinghero.
Such was the end of the gallant De Kalb.
The children in whose veins the blood of that
noble patriot now runs, are asking the price of
that precious blood shed on that battle-field. I
confess it has always surprised me, looking to the
great rank of this man, and to the fact that he
was a brigadier general in the armies of France
when he came to our country, that he came in
the same ship with General Lafayette, and ob-
tained a commission from Congress on the same
day, that he was acknowledged to be of equal
rank with Lafayette during the whole period of
his revolutionary service, that he laid down his
life at the battle of Camden, while Lafayette sur-
vived to the end of our struggle, and lived to enjoy
not only thegratitudeand veneration of our people,
but had a liberal bounty bestowed upon him, how
the distinction made between these two illustrious
officers can be possibly justified. General Lafay-
ette, with the approbation of the whole country,
received thirty thousand acres of public land, ay,
more, and ^224,000 in money besides, while the
claim of De Kalb, of equal merit and rank, with
the only difference that he sacrificed his life in
fighting our battles for freedom, now presented
for $70,000, according to the estimate of the hon-
orable gentleman from New York, is to be con-
sidered here as exorbitant. 1 trust by every
association dear and common to us all, and by our
recollections of such distinguished services as
were rendered by thi3 illustrious foreigner, that
this American Congress will acknowledge the
justice of the claim now presented by his heirs
dwelling upon the soil of France, to its fullest ex-
tent, and it' this be done at this period of our his-
tory, it may prove instructive to our countrymen.
The delay that has ensued in the settlement of
the claim, is due to the fact that Baron de Kalb,
being put in command of the troops of the Mary-
land and Delaware lines for the defense of the
Carolinas, had committed to his charge the sum
of about $226,000 Continental money, and greatly
depreciated, for the purpose of defraying the ex-
penses of the tioops, of which he gave no account
whatever, and therefore the accounting officers of
the Government never could settle this claim. He
stands charged with this sum of money upon the
books of the Treasury. The evidence is very clear
that the Baron did notuSethe money himself, but
he had no opportunity of showing this. His
whole time was devoted to marching his troops
with extraordinary expedition to the South.
Every moment of his time was occupied in pre-
paring them for a severe conflict. His papers at
the time of his death, all his effects, everything
which he liad about him, or there possessed, were
seized by the enemy, (along with his body,) and
were never retrieved; and to this hour there is no
knowledge on the part of any one, after a most
diligent and careful search, as to what became of
those papers. The presumption is, that they fell
into the hands of the soldiers, to whom they were
of no value, and were scattered abroad over the
sands of the Carolinas. Nobody knows how
that is, but it was ascertained by the sense of jus-
tice of an early Congress—and that has been
more than once repeated—that fto explanation of
those accounts ought to be demanded, as, under
the circumstances of the case, none could be ren-
dered. The misfortunes of war, and the cruel
adversity of his situation, placed it entirely out of
the power of himself or his friends, or of those
who were around him, to make the exhibition of
any accounts.
That was the difficulty, and that was the way
in which a former Congress answered it, and that
is the way in which subsequent Congresses have
continued to answer it. Now, sir, we propose to
demand no account of his disbursements for the
Government, butto settle with his heirs as though
no charge remained upon the books of the Depart-
ment against him. Is it not just ? Is there a gen-]
tleman who hears me who (foes not at once assent
that, under the circumstances, they ought to be
relieved from that unjust charge? Whateverthat
sum was it was quite insignificant; certainly so J
compared with the nature of this claim, which is
one of the most commanding interest. Nay, sir, j
it is a majestic claim, before which such an ob-
struction sinks into utter insignificance. I think
if there ever was a just claim presented here, and
which appealed to us, upon every possible ground,
to pass it, to the full measure recommended by the
committee, or, perhaps, to that substituted by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Peckham,] this
is that claim. I would, therefore, vote in favor of
the amount presented by either of the gentlemen;
but, as the gentleman from New York seems to
have more carefully, since the report was made.by
the honorable gentleman from Ohio, considered
the difference of the account, I shall vote in favor
of the amount moved by him.
In doing so, I am authorized to say for those
here who represent the blood of the Baron de
Kalb in the prosecution of this claim, that that
sum will be accepted—nay, sir, anything will be
accepted by them in this time of their necessity.
If the House see fit to drive a hard bargain with
these children of that great hero and patriot for the
price of his life's blood, they will take anything
they can get, and release the United States forever
from any further demands.
Mr. PECKHAM. I move to amend, by sub-
stituting for the amount stated in the bill, the sum
of $(16,099 76.
Mr. LETCHER. I insist upon the amend-
ment which I offered, which is to insert the sum
of §27,433 61.
Mr. M1LLSON. There is no class of claims
which appeals more strongly to the feelings of our
people than those founded upon revolutionary
services, or revolutionary sacrifices. The effect
produced by the eloquent remarks of the two gen-
tlemen who have just taken their seats, well attest
this truth.
Some years ago, sir, I sewed upon the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, and it became
my duty then to make some examination of the
case now before the committee. 1 confess that I
do not retain a very vivid recollection of the result
of that examination, and with a view to refresh
my memory, I desire to ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Peckham] one or two questions.
And first, I will ask him if this bill, now before
the House is not founded upon a resolution of
! Congress, adopted in the year 1780, extending a
| resolution adopted by Congress in 1778, granting
I seven years' half-pay to the widows and children
' of those officers who died while in the service of
the country ?
Mr. PECKHAM. It is.
Mr. MILLSON. Then I will ask another ques-
tion, and that is whether the resolution under
which this bill is framed does not distinctly pro-
vide that no one shall have the benefit of the seven
years' half-pay, but those officers who were resi-
dents of some particular State of the Union, and
who had taken the oath of allegience to the United
States ?
Mr. PECKHAM. No, sir. The gentleman is
commingling the provision made for officers them-
selves with that made for the relief of the widow
and children. The provision made for the relief
of the officers themselves, applies, as the gentleman
says, but not so, however, in regard to the provis-
ion for the relief of widows and children. On
the contrary, it has been expressly resolved by
Congress, that it did apply to others than citizens
of the United Slates. And so the papers show.
Mr. MlJULSON. Mr. Chairman, if I am
right m supposing that the original resolution of
1778 restricted its benefits to those officers who
were residents of some of the States, and who
had taken an oath of allegiance to the United
States, their I am sure I am right in the conclusion,
that the act of 1780 did not extend it to any class
of officers who were not embraced in the act of
1778.
Until the gentleman made the statement which
he has just pronounced, I had no very definite
idea of the ground upon which this claim rested;
but his reply to my inquiry brings to my mind
the result of examinations frequently made by
me, when I served upon the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims. !t was solemnly decided by
Congress that the act of 1760 was not intended to
apply to any other class of cases than those pro-
vided for by the act of 1778, granting seven years'
half-pay.
Mr. PECKHAM. Congress passed the fol-
lowing resolution, August, 1785;
" Resolved, That the Paymaster General be, and lie is
