64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15.
hereby, directed to settle with the widows and orphans of
officers who did not belong to any of the Umted States,
entitled to seven gears' half-pay, under the resolution of
August 24,1780,and to isaue to them certificates therelor."
That covers this case precisely.
Mr. MILLSOiY. I speak from no very recent
examination, and the gentleman will correct me
if I am in error. The act of 1778 grants seven
years' half-pay to the widows and children of ail
those military officers commissioned by Congress
who shall serve to the end of the war. The act
of 1780 grants the same bounty to the widows and
children of those officers who might die in the
service, and in that way be prevented from serv-
ing to the end of the war. Now, sir, the ques-
tion whether the act of 1780 was intended to em-
brace any other description of persons than that
provided for by the resolution of 1778 was pre-
sented to the notice of Congress about twenty
years ago; and this House then deemed it of suf-
ficient importance to refer it to the consideration
of the Judiciary Committee. That committee in
the case of the heirs of Captain Shubrick, of South
Carolina, reported, through a very distinguished
jurist of the State of New York, [Mr. Barnard]
—whose report I remember that I had occasion to
embody in one of my own—that the act of 1780
was not intended to apply to any other class of
cases than that embraced in the act of 1778.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not make these re-
marks for the purpose of expressing any settled
opinion as to the merits of this claim. If it be
founded in justice, it is one which should be in-
stantly allowed. lfis one which it would be a
reproach to this Government not to have allowed
long a«o. But when we recollect that in allowing
a claim of this character more than sixty years
after its presentation, we put a stigma on the rep-
utation of the United States Government—astigma
which we must be content to bear, if we are prop-
erly subject to the reproach—we should, at least,
take paii)3 to satisfy ourselves before passing the
bill, that our country has, indeed, so long, and so
cruelly delayed justice to the heirs of this gallant
hero of our Revolution.
Not desiring to extend my remarks farther at
this time, and trusting that it is the sense of the
committee that this case should be proceeded with
cautiously, and be thoroughly examined; and re-
minding gentlemen that if the committee now rise,
it will be the first subject for consideration when
we next resolve ourselves into a Committee of
the Whole on the Private Calendar, and that no
injury can happen because of the delay, I move
that the committee do now tise.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the committee
refused to rise.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman,my purpose
in moving- that the committee do now rise, cer-
tainly was not to defeat the ultimate passage of
this claim, if it should be ascertained to be well
founded. Nobody would be more ready to vote
for it than I would, if 1 could be satisfied that it
was entirely right, t wished to give an opportu-
nity to ihe committee to examine the claim-
important not merely in amount and principle,
but as it involves, in some degree, the character
and reputation of our countiy for justice. But
since the committee has thought proper to remain
iii session, ! desire to submit one or two other
remarks in connection with this subject. 1 will
ask the gentleman from New York—for really 1
do not feel myself sufficiently informed of matters
to vole understandings—whether any portion of
the relief extended by this bill has reference to the
settlement of the accounts between Baron de
ICnlh and the United States?
Mr. TECKHAM. None, sir.
Mr. AilLLSON. Or i.J it altogether the pay-
ment of the seven years' half-p^iy 1
Mr. PECKHAM. No. It includes the balance
for services—the pay and emoluments, after de-
ducting the amount ticeived by Baron de Kalb.
Mr. LETCIIER. Seven years' half-pay, and
flR,000 pay and emoluments.
Mr. PECKHAM. No, sir; only a little less
than $15,000 1
Mr. LETCHER. You have got it £18,000 on !
the paper Eleven years' half-pay, $7,COO; and
pay and emoluments fur three years and twenty
days, §18,000, ' |
Mr. PJSCKHA.M. The gentleman insists upon 1
being mistaken. The records of the Department
show that it is$18,000, less $3,637 29. The paper
to which the gentleman refers is that of the attor-
ney, not mine.
Mr. MILLSON". Remembering, Mr. Chair-
man, that some years ago I had given this claim
some slight examination, and that I had seen one
or two previous reports on it, I took occasion,
during the dialogue between my colleague and the
gentleman from New York, to send to the House
library for the volume containing them. One of
the3e reports I will send up to the clerk's desk to
be read to the Committee.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The Committee on Pensions and Revolutionary Claims, to
whom was referred, on the 4th of December, 1820, the
petition of Elic, Baron of Kalb, knight of the royal order
of military merit, and Maria A mi a Carolina, of Kalb,
widow Geymuller, have had the same under consider-
ation, and report thereon:
That, on the 10th of December, 1819, the petition of the
said petitioners was referred to the Committee on Pensions
and Revolutionary Claims; that, on the 7th of February
following, that committee made report thereon. [See No.
517, page 702.J
This petition being again referred to the Committee on
Pensions and Revolutionary Claims, the committee have
had recourse to the Treasury Department for information
relating to the accounts of the Baron de Kalb, and, by a re-
port from that Department, it appears that'4 the only inform-
ation on the subject of lug accounts during the revolutionary
war is to be found in one of the ledgers of the late office ot
commissioner of army accounts, preserved from the fire
which destroyed the public buildings. A copy of his ac-
counts is extracted therefrom and inclosed. There docsnot
appear, as far as the evidence in this office affords mfoim-
auon, that any final settlement was made of the accounts
ot the Baron de Kalb ; and, at tin.-* period, when the rr coid-<
have so generally been destroyed, u would be impracticable
to make one with accuracy." By the account alluded to
it appears that there is a balance standing to the debit of
the Baron de Kalb, amounting to $231,100 70.
The committee further report that the petitioners appear
to claim the payment ot any arrears of pay which may be
due to their late lather. On this# subject the committee ob-
serve that the large balance appearing on the books of the
Treasury, and standing debited m the account of the late
Baron de Kalb, goes to preclude the expectation of any ar-
rears of pay beimj due to the Baron de Kalb.
The petitioners appear to claim live years' pay as being
due to their late fa'her, the liaron de Kalb. On Ups subject
the committee observe that, on the 15th of May, 1778, Con-
gress unanimously resolved "thatall military officers com-
missioned by Congress, who now are, or hereafter may be,
in the service of the United States, and shall continue
therein during the war, and not hold any office of profit
under these States, or any of them, shall, after the conclu-
sion of the war, be entitled to receive, annually, for the term
of seven yeais, if they live so long, one half of the present
pay of such officers: Provided, That no general officer of
the cavalrj, arhlleiy, or infantry, shall be entitled to receive
more than the one half part of the pay of a colonel of such
corps-, respectively: Jlnd provided, That this resolution
shall not extend to any officer in the service of the United
States, unless he shall have taken the oath ot alb giance to,
and shall actually reside wabin, some one of the United
States." The resolution alluded to appears to be expres>lv
intended for tho«e oflicers only who, being in the service of
the United States, did actually reside within some one of
the United State?, and did continue in the service of the
United States during the war; and to the exclu.-ioa of all
other officers who, although beingin the service of the Unt-
t'd States, did not actually leside within some one of the
United States, or who did not continue in the srrviee of the
United Stati s> during the war. The Baron de Kalb, in the
ie--olution of Confess of the l'lth of October, 17C5U, i< stated
to be a brigadier in the armies of Prance. The family of
the Baron de Kalb is believed to have resided, and con-
tinued to reside, m France. Hence it is inferred that France
was the place of ms residence ; and, therefore, that he is
included wit'.m the proviso of that resolution. The reso-
lution ot Congiess ot the 15th of May, 1778, contains not
any provision for the widows or orphans of olheers who
had died, or thereafter might die, m the seiviec of the Uni-
ted States On the 16th of August, li60, the Baron de
Kalb, major general in the service of the United States, m
the action near Camden, m South Catohna, leading on the
troops of the Maryland and Delaware lines against supe-
rior numbers, and gloriously contending on behalf of the
r-ghts of mankind, \va« mortally wounded, and died on the
19ih of thatmonth. On the 24th of August,, 17«0, Cougres<<
re-olved '-that the reeo'ution ot the 15th of May, 1778,
granting half-pay for seven years to the officers who should
con inue in service to the end of the war, be extended to
the widows of those officers who have died, or shall hero-
aft( r die, m the service, to commence from the time of such
officer's death, and continue for the term of seven years;
or, it there be 'no widow, or m case el her death or intei-
marnage. the said half-pay be given to the oiphan children
of the officer dying as aforesaid, if he shall have leu any;
and that it be recommended to the Legislatures of the re-
spective States to winch such officers belong, to make pro-
vision for paying the same on account of the United States."
That resolution of the 24th of August, 1780, is explana-
tory of the resolution of loth of May, 1773, and manifesting
thdt that resolution was limited and confined to officers who
did actually reside in some one of the United States, and ■
not otherwise ; arid recommending to the &<v«rral States,
respectively, to make provision accordingly for the widows
or orphans of officers who did reside within some one of
the United States, respectively. On these resolutions of
Congress it doss not appear that the heirs of ihe Baron de
Kalb can bottom any claim for live years' pay, as men-
tioned in their petition. By a resolution of Congress of the
21st of October, 1780, half-pay for life was granted to oflic rs
in the service of the United States, alluded to in that reso-
lution. That resolution does not include, tlx- case of^the
heirs of the Baron de Kalb. On the 25th of Januaiy, I7t>4,
Congress resolved " tiiat half-pay cannot be allowed to any
officer, or to any class or denomination of officer-, to whom
it has not been heretofore expressly promised," The reso-
lutions of Congress of the 21st of October, 1780, ofthe22d
of March, 1733, and of the 8th of March, allowing
half-pay lor life, or commutation thereof for five year.-' full
pay, do not include thiscase of the petitioners. Their claim
for five years' pay does not apppear to be included in, or
provided for, by any act or resolution of Congress.
This committee do further report th u evidence has not
been adduced to prove that any arrears of pay are due to
the Baron de Kalb, and that, therefore, his heirs, the peti-
tioners, have not any just claim against the United States
for any arrears of pay said to be du« t<> fieir !at<J fither, the
Raron de Kalb; that the claim of ihe heirs of the Baion de
Kalb to the full pay of five years, on; ceount of the services
of the Baron to the United States is not bottomed on any
act or resolution of Congress^ and i^, therefore, inadmissi-
ble, and ought not to be allowed. By the report from the
Department of the Treasury alluded to, it appears that, on
reference to the register of officeis of the revolutionary
army returned as entitled to land, the name of the Baron
de Kalb is entitled to land, for which application is to be
made to the Department of War.
This committee, after consideration of (his case of the
petitioners, and taking into view the circumstances attend-
ing it, are of opinion that if does not appear that any arrears
of pay are due to the late Baron de Kalb, as intimated by
the petitioners in their petitron ; that itdo«-s not appear that
jhe petitioners, heirs of the Baron de Kalb, have any just
claim against the United States for five years'pay in conse-
quence of services by him performed to the United States j
and, therefore, submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the prayer of the petitioners, so far a« re-
lates to their claim of any arrears of pay supposed to be due
to their late father, the Baron de Kulh, and so far as relates
to their claim of pay for five yean* in consequence of ser
vices of their late father, the Baron de Kalb, to the United
States, be not granted; and that the petitioners have leave
to withdiaw so much of their said petition as relates jo
their claim for land as heirs of the Baron de Kalb. so that
they may apply to the Department of War for the same.
It appears from this report that the committee
reported adversely upon both branches of the
claim; first, that there were no arrears due, and
again, that the claimants were not entitled to seven
years'half-payunder the resolutions of Congress.
In making their report, they put it distinctly upon
the ground that the resolution of Congress grant-
ing seven years'half-pay applied altogether and
exclusively to those officers who were residents
of some one of the States of the Confederacy, or
had taken the oath of allegiance to the United
States, and there was a previous report in which
the claim was denied upon the same ground.
Here, then, are two reports made at an early
period of the Government, rejecting the claim,
and there is one report, made by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Coiiwin,} allowing it,and in this
state of things, we are left, in a condition of inde-
cision and uncertainty as to whether the claim
ought to be allowed or not. Until the gentleman
can answer the objections stated in that report, it
would seem to me at least prudent to delay the
final adjudication of the claim.
^ But I have another objection to so much of the
bill as provides for the allowance of interest upon
this demand. I believe I have never voted for the
payment of interest except where the payment of
interest was a matter of contract. This is a rule
with all Governments, and when gentlemen come
to consider narrowly the ground upon which that
rule is founded, they will, I think, see that it is a
sensible one, and one which ought rarely, if ever
to be departed from. Interest is never due, ex-
cept where it is agreed to be paid, or where it is
imposed by way of penalty for the improper with-
hold! g of the debt, and no gentleman can tell rne
any other ground for the claim of interest.
So far as the first ground is concerned, there is
no pretense that there was a contract between the
Government of the United States and Baron de
Kalb to pay interest upon this claim. The claim
for interest cannot rest upon that. It can, there-
fore, only be sustained on the remaining ground,
and that is that it is by way of penalty for the im-
proper withholding of the money by the debtor
from the creditor. Bat upon sovereigns no pen-
alty can be imposed, and no Government has ever
agreed to pay interest by way of penalty, because
no Government can admit that it has been wrong-
fully withholding money from the party to whom
it is due. There is no superior who can adjudi-
cate the default of the Government. The Gov-
ernment is superior to every other authority, and
to agree to pay interest by way of penalty is to
acknowledge, what Government can never ac-
knowledge, that it was wrong in withholding the
amount. Where the Government ascertains a
