THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1854.
New Series....No. 5.
debt to be due, it pays it. Where it ascertains a
debt not to be due, it refuses to pay it. In its
sovereign capacity it is right when it determines
that the debt is due, in its sovereign capacity it is
right when it determines that the debt is not due.
No appeal can lie from its decision, and it is
always to be presumed that the Government is
right, because being the highest tribunal, from
which no appeal can lie, no one can say that Gov-
ernment is wrong. These are the principles
which have been received among all nations, and
which have determined all to deny the paymiSit
of interest for the mere forbearance of the debt.
Interest cannot, then, be paid by way of penalty.
But, can it be demanded upon the ground of the
loss to which the creditor has been subjected?
Why, sir, interest is never allowed upon that
ground—never. Let amanmake aloan toa friend
without interest, and let him prove ever so clearly
that the non-payment of his debt at the stipulated
time has subjected him to loss, he is without
remedy. If he bring suit for the recovery of the
debt, he can get only the debt; and though he may
prove that the non-payment of the debt has occa-
sioned extensive disasters, he can claim nothing
but the debt. That is the law amongst individ-
uals. Let a man make a loan bearing interest at
three per cent., payable at a stimulated time, and
the money is not paid at that time; he can recover-
only three per cent, interest, and when hegets the
money, hegetsit withonly three percent. interest.
By reason of the failure to pay the money lie may
have been subjected to losses from inability to
enter into speculations as he might otherwise have
done, but still he is without remedy. Where is
this principle to stop when the claim for interest
proceeds upon the ground that the failure or default
of the agent of the Government has subjected the
claimant to loss ? Sir, will you apply this prin-
ciple to your courts of justice? If a claimant
should prove to the satisfaction of Congress that,
by reason of the repeated continuance of his case
by some judge of one of the court3 of the United
States, he has been delayed in the recovery of a
debt that is due him, is the Government of the
United States responsible to him for the interest he
may havelost by reason of the default of the judge
who has, it may be improperly, continued the case
from time to time? Most unquestionably not.
And yet thejudgeis as much theagentof the Uni-
ted States as Congress.
Again, sir, the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Kerr] suggested that the Government ought
not to prescribe for itself a different rule from that
which is usual amongst individuals. Sir, the
Government does not prescribe any other role
than that which is common among individuals.
So far from it, all the advantage is ori the aide of
the individual claimant, and all the disadvantage
on the side of the Government. If this claim of
the heirs of Baron de Kalb had been preferred
against a private citizen, the claimant would have
been deprived not only of the interest but of the
principal, upon the very first adjudication of the
case, when in 1830 it was decided adversely to the
claim, and the heir of Baron de Kalb would have
been forever barred. But, sir, because he claims
this amount from the Government of the United
States, there is no bar to his appeals. He may
come, notwithstanding one hundred refusals, and
still claim the amount of the debt that he supposes
has been withheld from him. Sir, is not the priv-
ilege of being allowed to make repeated demands—
of never being foreclosed by any refusal from the
assertion of his claim—more than a full compen-
sation for the absence of the right to demand
interest?
It strikes me, that without saying anything
further in reference to the merits of the claim itself,
the allowance of so large an amount of-interest
rests on foundations which Governments have
heretofore never recognized nor allowed, and which
never should be allowed.
1 desire, Mr. Chairman, that the House shall
have an opportunity of considering the subject ma-
turely, 1 do not know that, on full examination of
this claim, I should be myself opposed to it. I
should be most willing to be convinced that it is
founded in justice. And if I were convinced of that,
I would not be restrained by the apprehension that
the Government would subject itself to reproach
for its long delay in satisfymgthe claim. 1 would
not, I say, be restrained by such an apprehension
from yielding my ready and cheerful support to
the bill. But, sir, in the uncertainty which I feel
as to its merits, I shall be constrained, in the pres-
ent state of the case, to vote against the bill, if I
am compelled to vote without the further inform-
ation which I might have the opportunity of
acquiring.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Is it in order, Mr. Chair-
man, to move to amend the bill at this stage?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order now to
move to amend, as there is an amendment pending
to an amendment.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Well, would it be in order
for the gentleman from New York [Mr. Peckham]
to accept of an amendment suggested ?
The CHAIRMAN. It would, in the way of a
modification.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Then I suggest to the gentle-
man from New York to strike out the latter por-
tion of the bill, which places the payment of the
|06,000 on account of the principal and interest
due, and to substitute therefor these words: " for
the services rendered, and the sacrifices made, by
Baron de ICalb during the revolutionary war."
In this manner we can get rid of all the objections
that have been made here.
Mr. l'UCKIIAM. ( have just.drawn, and was
about to submit, such an amendment. It then will
make the bill read, '• $(ifi,97f> for the services and
sacrifices of the late Baron de Kalb in the war of
the Revolution, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. Is an amend-
ment in order now ?
The CHAIRMAN. Not now.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. I'ix'kiiam,j if it be
placed on that, ground, that §100,000 be substituted
instead of £,(ifi,97:>.
A Member. Make it $67,000.
[Cries of " Question !" " Question !"]
Mr. SIMMONS obtained the floor.
Mr. LETCH KR. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Simmons] give way to a motion
that the committee do now rise?
Mr. SIMMONS yielded the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. Then 1 make that motion.
The question was taken, and the motion was not
agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. It seems to me, Mr. Chair-
man, that there is a determination manifested
here by the majority of the committee to deprive
the minority ot the opportunity of examining the
1 merits of this case. I rise only to protest against
i such a precedent being set in this House. Gen-
I tlemen will find in the end that there is nothing
j gained by it. It is a game at which two can play,
I [laughter,] and in the course of a series of years
i it will always be found that it comes about right.
1 Now, sir, I am perfectly willing to vote a fair
and liberal compensation to the heirs of Baron de
Kalb, whether it be on the ground of sympathy
to the needy heirs, or whether it be as a glorifica-
tion of one of our revolutionary officers. But I am
not willing to vote blindfolded. 1 wish to see a
little us to whether this claim is right. The Baron
de Kalb case has been compared to that of the
Marquis de Lafayette. But this comparison, sir,
is only to help out an argument sustained here.
The comparison does not hold entirely good.
Why, sir, Lafayette was a sort of moral repre-
sentative of this great free Republic—a patent one
for the world. He went to Europe, and there, by
the influence which he exercised, he and his asso-
ciates were the occasion of starting the establish-
ment of the same principles, and putting them in
operation in Prance. And for this he suffered
imprisonment in the dungeons of Olmutz. As the
representativeof such principles,he became known
throughout the world. He became a public man.
His private means were entirely inadequate to his
expenses. And, sir, that was the argument used
for the appropriation made to him by Congress.
I well recollect that argument being used by Mr.
Clay himself, when speaking in favor of granting •
to Lafayette $200,000. The very countenance of
Lafayette—whom I well recollect in America—
inspired a sort of feeling, so that no man could
restrain himself from being liberal and generous
toward him, not only while he was here, but
when he was abroad. He went abroad, and
morally represented the principles of this Govern-
ment. And, sir, he did forty times as much good
for republicanism after he left this country, and
before the appropriation was made to him, than
he had done while he was here. So, too, General
Washington has done forty times as much good
for liberty since his death as he had done in his
lifetime. Just as St. Paul has converted a thou-
sand times more unbelievers since his death than
he did during his lifetime. [Laughter.]
It is somewhat important, sir, that when we go
to vote money we should doit from a pure motive,
so that it may produce its effect. X have no ob-
jection to vote for granting money in a proper
cause, for revolutionary officers or for their heirs.
But what significance is to be given to your ex-
pression m this act? None at all, beyond the
mere payment of the sum; and therefore it is
proper that the amount should be inquired into,
and that we should see how much is to be paid.
I would not go into dollars and cents, to be sure,
on small matters in making up the account between
the Government and Baron de Kalb, and seeing
what part of the $200,000 given to him remained
in his hands. But I would look into it a little, so
as to have everything fair instead of being ready
to swallow an amendment which goes to put the
whole billon glorification instead of a debt. Why,
sir, what have the heirs of Kosciusko been paid?
Did not General St. Clair die of absolute starva-
tion on the mountains of Pennsylvania ? And
what has been paid lus heirs ? If we are going
to start on this principle of glorification alone,
is it not proper that we should look a little, and
see how many more similar cases there are? be-
cause if we are to extend the same rule to the
heirs of all revolutionary officers, we shall have
to make an assignment; and the amount should
be divided equally among all, instead of giving the
preference to any.
Mr. PECKHAM. Will my colleague allow
me to state that this report was presented on the
7th of February last, and has been before the
House ever since.
Mr. SIMMONS. That may be, but I have not
had an opportunity to examine it. [Laughter.]
However, as it is, 1 do not intend to decline
voting something for the heirs of Baron de Kalb,
but I will vote the smallest sum; and if there be
a still smaller sum proposed I will vote for that,
unless the House get an opportunity to examine
the matter.
Mr. KEITT. It then seems that the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Simmons] is willing
to vote a small amount, whether be,is satisfied
of the correctness of the claim or not. He says
he does not understand this claim. If you will
report a smaller amount,.why the gentleman is
ready to vote for it. The unavoidable inference
from this remark of the gentleman is, then, that he
is willing to fling away the public money without
any jast claim whatever, provided it is a small
amount.
Mr. SIMMONS. The gentleman has misun-
derstood me. The report shows, that there is
something due as a debt, but the amount to be
liquidated is placed upon different grounds. I
wish to have one distinct amount, as clear as
one of Mr. Calhoun's metaphysical speeches.
[Laughter.]
Mr. KEITT. The gentleman would vote for
the bill now, provided that the amount was re-
duced. As to the gentleman's metaphysical
abstractions, I have nothing to say. I mean to
say here, that I have no comparison to make
between a man who voluntarily left his own home,
and exposed himself to the perils of a conflict in
