1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
by an overwhelming majority, the opponents of
the bill not being able to command a call for the
yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the bill will be considered as in Committee of the
■Whole.
Mr. CLAY. I -will suggest that the Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Evans] objected to its
consideration.
Mr. BADGER. I hope my friend from South
Carolina will not persist in the objection.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has heard no
objection to its consideration now.
Mr. EVANS. The only objection that I had
Was, that the bill establishes the principle of
allowing interest upon claims from a very remote
period. It may establish a new principle.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator still
object?
Mr. EVANS. No, sir. I waive it.
Mr. HUNTER. I do, if that is the case. It
ought to be examined by a committee, if it estab-
lishes a new principle.
Mr. BADGER. If my friend will allow me to
wake a statement, I thir.k he will not object.
The case is this: Baron de Kalb, a Major Gen-
eral in our revolutionary army, marched a body
of troops from Maryland and Delaware, if I recol-
lect aright, for the purpose of assisting, in the
South, against the army under the command of
Lord Cornwallis. As we all know, he led those
troops to the South, and arrived in time to take
part in the unfortunate battle of Camden, in
which he lost his life, under circumstances most
glorious for himself, and appealing in the strongest
manner to every feeling that can influence an
American bosom. There was a certain amount
due to Baron de Kalb at the time of his death, for
his pay and emoluments as Major General in the
service of the United States. The amount thus
due to him for his pay and emoluments has never
been paid. The payment has been obstructed by
this fact: there was put in the possession of the
Baron, when he moved his troops to the South,
or was about moving them to the South, the sum
of $920,000, or thereabouts, in Continental money,
to enable him to defray the expenses of moving
his command to the scene of action. They
arrived there. The battle ensued. He fell in that
battle, gallantly leading and encouraging his troops
to endeavor to prevent the loss of that day. He
fell covered with wounds. All his papers fell into
the possession of the enemy; and the consequcnce
was, that he stood charged upon the books of the
Government with $220,000 in Continental money.
Of course the executive officers of the Govern-
ment had no power to do anything else than re-
quire a presentment of vouchers in order to cancel
the amount; but every man sees that nothing could
be more absurd than to suppose it was possible
that he could settle that account, or that that
money (how much depreciated 1 know not) could
have been otherwise than exhausted in the neces-
sary expanses of the troops. He lay in a bloody
grave, fie could produce no vouchers. Hia
papers were in the possession of the enemy. His
friends, therefore, could produce none. That
obstacle, therefore, remained to the payment of
any part of what was due him until Congress
passed an act directing that the amount should be
credited, and that it should be taken for granted
that that honorable and gallant man had not with-
held from its proper purposes the money that was
deposited with him to enable him to move his
forces to the scene of action. ,
About the year 1819, the descendants of Baron
de ICalb, living in France, poor and destitute, first
applied to Congress for the payment of the amount
due to their ancestor for his pay and emoluments.
This bill, as it stands, gives to them the amount
so due, with interest from the year 1819, when
the claim was preferred. The payment was then
due and then withheld, then known to be due, ;
and would have been settled and paid at the
Treasury, but for the formal obstacle which I have
mentioned; and every man of intelligence and j
generous spirit must see that it ought not to be
allowed to stand in the way of a settlement for
an instant. The proposal of the bill is to give
that amount with interest from the time when the
claim was preferred.
Now, sir, I think that this stands as an excep-
tion to any case that may be presented. Some
gentlemen m the House having objection to what
was called the allowance of interest, the phraseol-
ogy of the bill was altered, so that no precedent
can be established by it, and it makes this accu-
mulated sum be paid to his heirs as a testimonial
of Congress to the honorable and gallant services
of Baron de Kalb. If the bill be read, it will be
seen that the claim is placed upon that footing,
although the sum is produced by adding the in-
terest to the principal from 1819, when the claim
was preferred. I think, sir, when the bill is read,
that my friend from Virginia will allow his geu-
erous heart to speak, and will say at once that the
bill should pass.
Mr. CLAYTON. I did not know, Mr. Presi-
dent, that there was such a bill before the Senate,
until the moment it was called up; but I feel that
I should not truly represent the State which I do
represent on this floor, if I were to remain entirely
silent while such a measure as this is on its pas-
sage. The Baron de Kalb was the man who, on
the ever-memorable lGth of August, 1780, led the
regiment of my native State, and the brigade of
the Marylanders,in the disastrous and fatal battle
of Camden. I have heard the few surviving offi-
cers of that regiment speak of the Baron de Kalb
in terms which it is unnecessary for me now to
repeat, because his virtues have been proclaimed
in every history of that period, since that day.
But, sir, the circumstances under which he fell
ought not at this moment be forgotten. He was
in the council of war which was held on the even-
ing preceding that battle. He remonstrated against
the determination of General Gates to go into
action on the next day, to attempt to beat up the
quarters of Cornwallis, predicted the fatal conse-
quences of it, and for his counsel was denounced
in such terms as no gallant spirit like his could
bear and live. He resolved, after the insults that
were bestowed upon him, that it would be better
for him to die in the battle next day than to sur-
vive the dishonor of such charges as were then
made against him. He led the Delawarians and
Marylanders into the battle, and into the front of
it; and the regiment of my State, which went into
that battle eight hundred muskets strong, came
out at night with only one hundred and ninety-
six. That battle, the bloodiest, perhaps, that ever
was fought, during the revolutionary war, annihi-
lated the Delaware regiment, and it never stood
upon the rolls of the Army as a regiment after-
wards. Forever after that, it was called Kirk-
wood's companies, or tvirkwood's battalion.
The Baron de Kalb, sir, fell at the head of a
bloody charge, leading that very regiment into
action. He was wounded first in the head as I have
heard from Jaquette, who was surviving adjutant
of the regiment. His horse was killed under him,
and Jaquette told me, with his own scarf he bound
up the bloody wound and insisted upon De Kalb
retiring from the field. He refused, still labor-
ing under the feelings of the preceding night.
Jaquette had killed a British officer of dragoons,
and seized the horse. De Kalb mounted it, rode
into the action again, and was soon fatally
wounded. There was a bloody battle, sir, over
his bleeding body m which the troops of my State
suffered most severely, as also did the Maryland-
ers, who fought in that battle. He was taken by
the enemy while yet breathing; he died, I think,
the next day; and the last words he uttered were
that he was proud to have had his death-wound
inflicted on him fighting at the head of such brave
men.
Sir, I do not think it necessary—it would bean
idle waste of time—for me to recount the history
of this gallant man. Now, at this late day, when
some measure of compensation is proposed for
his services, I hope most anxiously that it will
not be objected to by my friend from Virginia.
Sir, the Virginians suffered in that bloody battle,
as weli as the men of Delaware and of Maryland;
the Virginians have derived the benefits of the
exertions, arid labors, and services of Baron de
Kalb, as well as the people of my State; and I hope
that at this day my friend from Virginia, and all
the members of the Senate, will agree that this
measure may be taken up and passed without
delay. It is a measure of justice, but of tardy
justice at last,
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I yielded
the floor at the instance of the Senator from North
Carolina, to permit several bills to be referred,
and not for the purpose of allowing a discussion
to go on on this bill, for 1 had taken the floor and
asked the Senate to considerone equally important.
This bill has been here for the last thirty or forty
years. If what my friends from North Carolina
and Delaware say be true, then it will not take
long for the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
to examine it, and there will then be but little
objection to the passage of the bill. The mes-
sage which we received from the President the
other day ought to be an admonition to us to be
careful how we pass upon these ancient claims.
Claims of sixty-odd years of age ought not to be
allowed upon mere statements. There ought to
be the clearest kind of proof. I have no doubt
that my friends earnestly believe that all they say
is true. Ptobably it is; but we ought (53 proceed
upon a claim involving over $60,000 with some
degree of caution, and,should not, at any rate,
dispense with the examination of a committee.
How many members of this'body have examined
the report upon the subject ? The bill only came
here this morning from the House of Representa-
tives, and I think it ought to be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made to
the consideration of the bill, the question will be
on the motion to refer it to the Committee oil
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I agree en-
tirely with what the Senator from Pennsylvania
has said. The better the claim, the less danger to
be apprehended from the examination of that
claim by the proper committee. It is now early in
the session, and the bill certainly will be reported
time euough to allow us to act upon it; and I think,
sir, we ought not to legislate thus hastily. I will
only say, in reply to the appeals which my friends
have made to me, that I have learned this morn-
ing from a friend of mine in the House of Repre-
sentatives, that there was a mistake of $24,000 in
this bill. Under these circumstances, 1 think it
but safe and right, that it should be examined by
the appropriate committee.
Mr. BA DGER. 1 have no desire in the world,
sir, to press the bill now if it meets the opposition
of any gentleman on the floor. I have no doubt
that the bill is all right with the exception that the
amount is too small. 1 am perfectly willing that
it should be referred.
Mr. CLAYTON. After the statement which
has been made by the gentleman from Virginia, I
should desire the reference of the bill. It is the
first time I ever heard such an intimation, and I
think it will be found that it is an entire mistake;
but after that statement, I think the bill ought to
be referred, for the purpose of correcting the error,
if any there be.
The motion to refer the bill was agreed to.
DEPARTMENT OP LAW.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I now renew my motion
to take up the bill to provide for the establishment
of a board of claims.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask the Senator from Penn-
sylvania to give way for a short time, with a view
of allowing the special order of the day to be taken
up, as I desire to leave the Senate Chamber at an
early hour, on account of the state of my health.
If the bill, which is the special order, should lead
to any protracted debate, I will consent to its post-
ponement; but it is an important bill, and if it
meets the approbation of the Senate, I should like
to have it passed now, that it may go to the other
House.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I withdraw my motion
for the present.
Mr. ADAMS. Then I move to take up th 
bill to which I have referred.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill "to
establish a department of law, to prescribe certain
duties of the Auditors and Comptrollers of the
Treasury, and for other purposes," was accord-
ingly read a second time, and considered as ill
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ADAMS. I have various amendments to
propose to this bill, the first of which is to strike
out the third section,'which authorizes the appoint-
ment of an assistant attorney general. On inves-
tigation and consultation with the Attorney Gen-
eral, I find that he is now of opinion that such an
officer is not necessary. That opinion concurs
with my own judgment; and, in fact, I think that
all laws authorizing assistant secretaries in any of
the Departments ought to be repealed, and I should
offer an amendment to this bill for that purpose,
