1%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
ings should be public, because that is the great
check and safeguard, after all. If the Senator will
agree to this, the other provisions of his bill seem
to me to be very good, and I shall sustain them
cheerfully.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I do not
see that there is any real difference between my
friend from Virginia and myself, though there
may be some in name. He prefers a tribunal to
be called a court; I prefer a tribunal of three gen-
tlemen, to be called a board of commissioners.
We agree that their decisions should not be final
and conclusive. We agree, also, that their de-
cisions should be made public, but my friend from
Virginia says he does not see a provision of that
kind in the bill. Why, sir, he will perceive a
requirement in the bill that they shall deliver their
opinions, whether for or against the applicant, and
that those opinions shall come up for consideration
here. How can they come up for consideration
here unless they be printed and laid on our desks ?
Is not that publicity ?
Mr. WELLER. But the difficulty is as to the
proceedings of the board before rendering a de-
cision.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I take it for granted that
under this bill those proceedings would be open.
Mr. HUNTER. Why not require it in the
bill? Why not make that obligatory ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I can make it obligatory,
if that be necessary; but I take it for granted that,
under the bill, as it now stands, the proceedings
would be public.
Now, a few words as to the Government's being
represented by an attorney specially appointed for
the purpose, I drew up a section making that
provision, and I had intended to offer it m lieu of
the one requiring the Solicitor of the Treasury to
attend to cases before the board, but on reflection
I concluded not to offer it, for reasons which I
ehall proceed to state. The Government is to be
represented by these three commissioners. Their
decisions are to come before ua. They are to be
examining magistrates for us. Then, why in-
cumber the record, which is to come up before us
for final adjudication, with the opinions and doings
of an attorney specially appointed? How much
could he aid these gentlemen? They will have
power, under the bill, to take testimony, and to use
the district attorneys throughout the United States
for that purpose. 1 have thought, therefore, that
the proceedings before the board would not be
oral, but that the cases would be submitted on
written or printed arguments, for or against the
claims; and that, if an argument was to be made
against a claim, as it would have ultimately to be
either for or against it, by the board itself, the
board could represent sufficiently the Government
of the United States. If, however, the judgment
of the Senate should be against me on this point,
I have a section already prepared which I can
submit in lieu of tiie one authorizing a csll upon
the Solicitor of the Treasury.
Now, sir, I see no substantial difference between
the honorable Senator from Virginia and myself
on this subject. I did not say, that some years
ago he proposed a board such as he supposes I
attributed to him; but 1 did understand him,some
years ago, to have a plan for the reference of pri-
vate claims to the district courts throughout the
United States.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am informed I am
in error on that point. Be it so. There is, at any 1
rate, now no substantial difference between the [
views of the honorable Senator from Virginia, and j
my own. I hope the Senate will permit me to !
suggest such amendments as I have to offer to the
details of the bill; and then, if such be the desire I
of the Senate, it can lie over until to-morrow for ;
further consideration. |
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I am happy i
to hear from the honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, who introduced this bill, that he is quite
willing to incorporate into the bill the provision '
suggested by the Senator from Virginia, which
relates to the public decision and determination of j
questions, and the recording of proceedings as in J
courts, I supposed there would be no difference j
at all from the views of the Senator from Virginia j
on that subject; and I, for one, should be gratified I
if the Senator from Pennsylvania would yield to '
the gentleman from Virginia in that regard. I ex- j
press this wish because 1 am myself a warm friend j]
of this proposition, or something like it. I do
earnestly hope this measure or something like it,
attaining the great object which the Senator from
Pennsylvania has in view, may be passed, and
passed during this session.
Why, sir, we have presented to us at this time
by the President of the United States, a paper
which is now on the table, or in the hands of one
of the committees of this body, returning for con-
sideration to Congress a bill passed at the last
session, appropriating some $7,000 of the public
money, which, it appears, after careful examina-
tion by the First Comptroller of the Treasury,
was actually paid some thirty or forty, or perhaps
more, years ago. I have no doubt, sir, from my
past knowledge of the history of this body, that
we have very often paid claims which were paid
before. I can point to one which X myself for-
merly opposed on this floor, on the very ground
that the claim had been paid before it was then
presented here; but I found after I left Congress,
that the bill was passed, and the man paid twice,
if not three times, for his services.
This body, I think we are nearly all agreed, is
utterly unfit for the consideration of these claims.
1 desire to express my perfect concurrence in the
suggestions of the two honorable gentlemen who
preceded me. Let us have some measure of
relief, something for the protection of the Govern-
ment, as well as something also for the protection
of honest claimants.
Sir, in regard to the point of difference between
the two gentlemen who have addressed you in
relation to a solicitor or attorney to represent the
interests of the United States before this board, I
entirely concur with the Senator from Virginia.
There ought to be an otlicer before that board
representing this Government. My friend from
Pennsylvania thinks that the commissioners them-
selves will be agents of the Government. Sir, I
do not wish them to stand in that relation to the
Government. 1 wish them to he impartial arbiters
and judges between the United States and the
individual claimant, feeling themselves as much
bound to look to the interest of the claimant as to
the interest of the Government. I do not wish,
therefore, to make it their particular business to
hunt up testimony, or see that the interests of the
country are protected; except when the testimony
is brought before them, 1 wish them, then, to act
as other judges do under the same circumstances,
and decide impartially.
But, sir, the want of an officer of this kind has
been productive of great mischief in former times,
let ;::i tell my friend from Pennsylvania. In the
year JSi;), the President of the United States,
when Congress was about to establish the board
which afterwards settled the Mexican claims, in
his annual message, earnestly asked Congress to
appoint an attorney to represent the Government
before that board, predicting at the time, as he
did, some of the very evils which afterwards oc-
curred. Congress neglected the recommendations,
and you, sir, know what has been the result. I
do not believe that the claims awarded by that
board, which have been deemed fraudulent, would
ever have been allowed if there had been a faithful
officer of the Government, such as President Tay-
lor recommended should be appointed at that time
for the Government. 1 say, therefore, that 1 eon-
I cur with the gentleman from Virginia in that; and
1 do hope my friend from Pennsylvania will in-
dulge us with a change m that regard, and intro-
duce the section which he says he has prepared,
to provide for the appointment of that officer.
There « another thing in this bill to which I
wish to call the attention of my friend from Penn-
sylvania, and which I wish him to correct. These
commissioners ought to be independent. If they
are not judges nominally, they are so in fact, and
ought to have that best of all qualities pertaining
to a judge—perfect independence. I think it was
in the convention of Virginia that John Marshall
said, that of all the evils that could be inflicted
upon a sinning people by an angry Heaven, a de-
pendent judiciary was the worst. Thisis acourt;
call it what you please. I wish it to be substan-
tially a court. I do not care for the name, whether
you term them commissioners or judges; but I
wish them to be independent. Now, my friend
has provided in the bill that these commissioners
shall be appointed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, and " shall
hold their ofiice until the time appointed for the
expiration of this act, unless sooner removed by
the President." I trust the words, " unless sooner
removed by the President," will be stricken from
the bill. I do not wish these commissioners to
sit in this high tribunal, liable, at any moment,
to be dismissed by the President or anybody else.
I do not wish the President himself, whoever he
may be, to be liable, as he will be, constantly, to
the imputation of controlling and governing the
decisions of this tribunal. For the sake of the
President, for the sake of the character of the
tribunal, for the sake of perfect justice, I ask that-
the tribunal may be in fact perfectly independent.
i have not looked very carefully into the bill;
but I desire, sir, to thank my friend from Penn-
sylvania, as I do most sincerely, for introducing
the subject at this early stage of the session , and
I beg that he will press it de die in diem until the
Senate shall have decided upon it. I have, in the
haste of the moment, made these suggestions. I
hope that he will concur with me in them, and
that we shall pass this measure, or something
like it.
Mr. PETTIT. Mr. President, I rise to ex-
press my conviction that something ought to be
done to relieve the two Houses of Congress from
the burden and uncertainty that necessarily fol-
low the investigation by them of private claims;
but while I express my conviction that something
ought to be done, my judgment is equally clear
that nothing short of referring the whole matter
to the judicial tribunals of the country will answer
that desirable object.
The Senator from Pennsylvania may possibly
have got into his recollection indistinctly a meas-
ure that I proposed while a member of the other
House, when, if my memory serves me, he .was
also a member. A member of that House, from
Connecticut, [Mr. John A. Rockwell,] at that
time had this subject as a darling object for two
or three sessions of Congress. I believe his
measure was very much like the present bill.
His idea was the organization of a board of com-
missioners consisting of three members, with
some fixed salary, to sit here at the seat of Gov-
ernment, to examine, investigate, and finally re-
port to Congress, for their action, all claims upon
the Government. I considered then,a3'I thought,
that subject fully, and I believe I considered it
with relerence to the nature and organization of
our institutions, the propriety of enforcing these
claims, and the propriety of surrendering that
mere bauble, or pretense, that the sovereign can-
not be sued; and I moved a substitute for his
whole bill. My proposition was that he who had
either a legal or an equitable claim against the
Government, which could be enforced in the
courts of the country as between individuals,
arising whether at common law or under statute
law, should be at liberty to resort to the district
courts of the Union in the States where the claim
originated, whether in the nature of a tort or in
the nature of a contract; that he should take the
same proceedings as if the claim were against
an individual; that he should file a bill in equity
it it were such a case as required the considera-
tion of a court of equity, or the equity side of a
court, or that he should file his declaration, either
in contract or in tort, as the case might require,
against the United States; that process should
be issued; that it should be served, one copy
upon the Attorney G|geral of the United States
here, and another copy upon the district attorney
of the United States for the district in which
the suit was brought; that those two officers
should immediaflly consult together by corre-
spondence; that the Attorney General, or Solicitor
of the Treasury, should advise the local district
attorney how to defend the case; that copies of
the declaration, or bill,should be forwarded here;
that there should be a perfect concert between the
authorities here and the proper district attorney;
that all the evidences in the Departments in this
city, which could be furnished, should be fur-
nished, under the seal of the respective Depart-
ments, to the district attorney; thattheissuoshould
be made up, at the appropriate term of the court,
precisely as between individuals; and that the case,
if proper for a jury , should be submitted to a jury,
under the instruction, eye, and inspection of the
judge; that the same rules of evidence, either in
law or in equity, which obtain and are enforced in
the courts between individuals, should obtain and
be enforced between the individual plaintiff or
