1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
complainant and the whole Union. This, sir,
was the outline of the system which I proposed.
My plan further provided that the decision of the
court was to be precisely as final as if the case
were between individuals; that an appeal, or a writ
of error, should lie, under the same rules and reg-
ulations, as in private cases from the district to the
circuit court, and thence to the Supreme Court;
and that, in ail respects, the cases should be tried
precisely as though they were between individuals.
That proposition was "so guarded that no bill or
declaration could be framed upon any suppositi-
tious, possible, political right, such as meritorious
services in such cases as those where you present
medals and swords, and matters of that sort. All
these cases would continue to come here as now;
and such cases only were to be presented to the
courts, on behalf of an individual claimant against
the whole people of the Union, as an individual
could present, either m a court of law or equity,
against any other person. Provision was made
that judgment should be rendered; that an appeal
or writ of error could betaken; bills of exceptions
filed, and the whole practice gone through with as
if it were a private case; and, finally, that it should
end in the Supreme Court here, if the amount in
controversy justified it, as under the provisions of
the law in regard to individuals.
Now, sir, I have great respect for the Senator
from Pennsylvania, and for his opinionsgenerally;
but when he expresses a doubt as to our right to
waive what he seems to call sovereignty, and
allow ourselves, or allow the whole Union, to be
sued, I cannot say that I have any great respect
for that particular opinion. In the first place, it
may well be doubted, and that Senator would be
among the first to question whether there is any
sovereignty vested here. He might be inclined to
suppose that the United States have no sover-
eignty. In that opinion, however, I am not a State-
rights man enough to agree. 1 hold that there is a
limited sovereignty vested here, and for the high-
est and most important purposes that sovereignty
is vested anywhere—that there is as much sover-
eignty vested in the General Government for the
purpose of declaring war and making peace, as
there is in the Emperor Nicholas, or any other
Power of the earth. Sovereignty is vested for cer-
tain purposes, and, to a certain extent, in the Gen-
eral Government.
But, sir, whence arose this old maxim, that the
sovereign cannot be sued? It arose in England,
and under the idea, in the first place, that the sov-
ereign was too dignified to be called by process—
whether subpena, attachment, letter, missive, or
anything else—into his own courts; and in the
next place it was based upon the broader general
principle, though not always true in practice, that
the sovereign is not only always able, but always
willing to do justice to his subjects; that he will
receive the petition of right, or mvmlruns droit,
that he will promptly answer the grievances and
wrongs of his subjects. Modem experience in
England, however, has shown that to be falla-
cious, and, in the multiplicity of business, thou-
sands and hundreds of thousands of cases arise
against the Crown when it is utterly impossible
for the sovereign in modern times to receive m per-
son the monstrans droit of his subject, lie has been
compelled, therefore, to establish commissions
and courts, and to open the old and constitution-
allyestabhshed common-layqui t. to suits against
the Crown. True, the proSfsa is not served on
the It'.ng in person. The sheriff does not go to
the King, and tap him on the shoulder and take him
into court; but the law provides that the suit shall
be against the Crown; and it provides further
what officer shall attend to it, who shall be notified
or served with process of it, and how they shall
attend to it in the name of the Crown and oil its
behalf; and, if judgment be rendered against the
Crown, that the sum shall be paid from the treas-
ury. . .
Sir, to establish this board of commissioners,
and to say that they are only to act as your
respective committees act here—report what, in
their judgment, we ought to do—-is, to my mind,
creating labor, and making "confusion worse
confounded;" or, at least, it will be no more than
doing what a clerk of a committee might do-
write out a report. If you see fit to take it, you
will take it as it is—good, bad, or indifferent—
without considering it. If you are to go into the
whole question again, refer it to your committee,
and have that committee not only read a long,
and, perhaps, verbose report, but investigate all
the documents, and all the papers upon which the
commission has acted, in order to confirm or dis-
sent from, to amend, change, or alter their report,
nothing will be gained. I will not say, sir, that
you open the door to fraud, to peculation, to spec-
ulation, to advantage, to favoritism. I will charge
no such thing upon my countrymen. I should
hope the reverse.
But, sir, ill reference of these claims to a court,
you have no trouble at all in waiving what is called
an attribute of sovereignty, and allowing your-
selves to be sued. How many times have you done
it already in special cases? How many times do
the different States do it? All the States of the
Union have, more or less, allowed themselves to
be sued in special cases. The United States have
done so. When Congress refer a question to the
head of one of the Departments, or to an inferior
officer, as an auditor or comptroller, and say he
shall settle the accounts upon principles of equity
and justice, what do they do but allow themselves
to be sued, and constitute the officer to whom the
subject is so referred a tribunal, ajudge,from whose
decision their is no appeal whatever, but whose
determination is final? And this is a decision
without publicity, while by my plan such matters
would be determined in thecourtsof the Union,
which are open to the public gaze.
Now, 1 ask why it is, upon the principles of
justice and reason, that we refuse to allow a citi-
zen to sue his Government for redress, and yet
provide by law, that if one hundred persons, or
five hundred persons, or five thousand persons, as
members of a corporation, or as individuals, owe
a debt to one individual, that one individual may
sue, by some technical name, the whole five hun-
dred or five thousand ? You say, in short, that if
a part of the people of the United States owe a
debt to another part of the people of the United
States, the part so holding the claim may go into
thecourts which you have established, and, by the
known, recognized, sifted,and pure principles of
law, may establish their claim against that other
part of the people of the United States. Why,
then, is it, I ask you—upon what principle is it,
that you say, that if all the people of the United
States, consisting of twenty-five millions, owe a
debt to an individual, the individual shall not
have the right to sue all ? I confess I cannot see
the distinction; I cannot perceive the justice of
this discrimination.
I know it is a common remark, that the United
States would always be worsted, if my plan were
pursued; that the claimant would always have
the sympathy of the jury and the leaning of the
court, and be in a position, by corruption, to pro-
duce a yielding on the part of the district attorney;
or persons are afraid that something will favor the
claimant, and operaie against the interests and
rights of the United States. I believe no such
thing. In the first place, you have a judge of
your own creation, your own creature,one whom
yourselves have made, one whom the sovereign of
the country has selected. In the next place, you
yourselves select your jury, who are the tax-
payers of the country, the men upon whom the
burden,if butden there be, is to fall,and therefore
they have a direct interest in scrutinizing well the
claim, and guarding it against an exorbitant
amount. You have, further, the making of the
| laws, and the devising of the rules of evidence,
and throwing around your courts all the protection
that you can possibly desire.
j With your tribunals thus constituted, why can
: you not allow the plain right of one who has
I suffered for the whole people, who has either con-
! tributed his money or his labor voluntarily upon
contract, or whose pioperty has been taken from
i him in war per force of the rights of nations in
I war? Why is it thjt, if an individual had taken
I his property thus, or had acquired his labor or
: his money without reward upon contract, you
j open your courts, so that he may sue for it; but
j if the whole people take it, you set up the ideal
I mockery that the sovereign cannot be sued, and
] that the claimant must wait the tardy process of
your reluctant, and, as a general thing, niggard
j justice ? Sir, if either party has to suffer, I would
j rather that the whole should suffer; I would rather
! that the matter were in the hands of liberal juries,
1 and of just judges to administer the law between
1 the one and the many fairly, but liberally. I
would rather that the Treasury suffered than that
the thousand honest claimants against this Gov-
ernment go unrequited and unanswered.
I am well aware, sir, that in some instances too
liberal a hand has been opened to claimants against
the Government. We are satisfied that at the last
session we made an appropriation of a very con-
siderable sum of money through mistake, when
we ought not to have appropriated it, but the
money is saved to the Treasury and is not lost.
While one has got this advantage, or might have
had it, how many claimants are there here who
have suffered from the days of the Revolution,
and even anterior to them since first that struggle
commenced. Sir, you had a case of that kind
here this morning, and I was desirous that that
bill should have passed at once. I entertained no
doubt of its justice, its honesty, and its propriety.
The descendants of the gallant foreigners who
came here to aid us in our struggles, not only gave
us their labor and their toil, and poured out their
hearts' blood like water upon our soil, but have
waited your tardy justice on the action of Con-
gress to remunerate them for pay and commuta-
tion, and still I find there is objection here. But
my sympathies are not altogether for the foreigner,
nor for his descendants. I would do justice alike
to all who have claims upon my Government.
The time never shall come, while I speak for the
American people, or for any portion of them,
howsoever long or howsoever short that period
may be, that I shall fail for a moment to do that
between the claimant and my Government which
I would acknowledge to be right between that
claimant and myself, whetherhe be a foreign-born,
the descendant of a foreigner, or a native-born
citizen.
Sir, I repeat, I am satisfied that no amendment
, of the present practice can be efficiently adopted
| without opening the courts of the country to litiga-
tion between individuals on the one hand, and the
musses of the country, the whole people of the
United States, on the other, under the same rules
and the same regulations of law, and to the same
extent, as between single individuals. Pear not,
sir, that the jury will run astray under the eye of
an able, enlightened, firm, and pure judge, instruct-
ing them from the bench what is the law and what
are the rights of the parties. I would have evi-
dence, oral and written, taken precisely in the same
way as between individuals. Thus I would treat
all that class of cases, therefore, which present
themselves either in a legal or an equitable view.
I do not speakofthat broad, undefined,unlimited,
and illimitable equity, which pervades the com-
munity when they speak of equity; but I refer to
that class of cases known to chancellors and to
equity courts as contradistinguished from those
that may be enforced by the rules of the common
law. Let all those of adifferent kind, forextraor-
dinary gallant services, or accidental or casual
patriotic exertions, be presented here, where they
ought to be presented and rewarded with a munifi-
cent hand; but let all those which are of a nature
which might be enforced in our courts of record,
if they existed between individuals, be referred to
the courts, there to be dealt with, there to be pros-
ecuted, there to be terminated, precisely as though
they were between individuals. Do it; I see no
objection. Do it; there can be no wrong, and
speedy and ample justice will be awarded to all.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This, I apprehend,
is one of the most important measures in the his-
tory of the country. I am exceedingly anxious
myself to vote for any bill that will remedy the
evils which now exist. If I can do no better, I
will vote for the bill which is before us; but it
does seem to me that there are serious objections
to it. I think that the Senator from Virginia, the
Senator from Pennsylvania, the Senator from
Indiana, and the Senator from Delaware, are all
equally anxious for the passage of some bill that
will remedy the evils under which we labor. It
occurs to me, Mr. President, that we can save a
great deal of time, and accomplish a larger amount
of good to the public, if we can get_ those gentle-
men of conflicting views, all having the same
object in view, together, to make a bill that may
be acceptable to all. 1 therefore rise for the pur-
pose of making the motion, that this bill be
referred to a select committee of five members of
the Senate, the chairman of which will, of course,
ba the Senator from Pennsylvania, and I doubt
not that the President will select those gentlemen
