74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
who are most conversant with the matter. I am
clearly of the opinion that they will be able to
bring us in a bill in a few days that will save a
great deal of time and unnecessary debate, and
accomplish a great deal of good. I have conferred
with the friends of the bill, and I think they con-
cur in that opinion. I am perfectly willing that
the chairman of the Committee on Claims [Mr.
Brodhead] should make the motion himself. I
hafe made it, desiring him to be the chairman. I
repeat, I believe it will result in a saving of time,
and in theaccomplishment of a great deal of good.
Mr. DAWSON. This is an important bill. I
have no objection to the reference, but I can see
no necessity for it. The bill is familiar to every
Senator. I have voted, I think, for several suc-
cessive sessions, for a bill reported by my friend
from Virginia. There are but very few questions
involved in this bill. The first is, will we change
the present practice of the Government in relation
to the decision of claims? The Senate has uni-
formly decided, according to my recollection, that
it ought to be done. The next question is, what
plan is most practicable, and will be most useful
to the country ? Some say, a bench of judges.
That is my opinion. Others, and I think a ma-
jority, say a board of commissioners. Well, this
bill proposes to establish a board of commission-
ers—to do what, sir? To decide upon all claims
which are not already provided for by the exist-
ing laws of the land. If the accounting officer, or
the officers appointed under those respective laws,
shall have the right to decide upon claims, and if
the laws do not cover a claim, and justify the offi-
cer in deciding favorably upon it, what is the
claimant to have a right to do? To present his
petition to Congress, or during the recess of Con-
gress, to the Secretary of the Senate, or to the
Clerk of the House of Representatives, and have
it from Congress, or from the Secretary, or from
the Cleric, referred to the bonrd of commissioners
—for what? To give it a judicial examination; to
give the claimant, and the General Government
against whom he claims, the right of introducing
testimony for and against the claim; to have those
commissioners, under an oath taken, decide upon
the merits of the claim, and upon the obligation
of the Government to pay it; and then to have the
principles upon which it shall have been allowed
or rejected, communicated to Congress for con-
firmation or rejection. Can there be anything
fairer and clearer than this?
Now, sir, why refer the bill? Is it upon the
principle that you will not have a hoard of com-
missioners? If so, move to strike that out, and
insert judges. If you are satisfied with commis-
sioners, where is thedifficulty ? The whole argu-
ment pioceeds from the idea that the machinery
adopted in the bill will not be equal to the necessity
that exists. That is a mistake. The bill provides
that the district judges of the United States, when-
ever called upon by the Government of the United
States, or by the claimant--shall do what? Take
the testimony of witnesses; and why have they
to take testimony ? To protect the Government
against unjust modes of obtaining testimony.
Can there be anything more just or fair for all
parties than that? That is the whole bill. There
is to be no final adjudication on the part of the
commissioners. The final adjudication is to be
on the part of Congress.
This is the bill of my friend from Pennsylvania.
Why not agree to it ? It is said it is not complete.
What bill, sir, on the introduction of any new
proceeding of this kind, will ever satisfy the whole
Senate? Take it up, section by section, and
amend it, if it does not meet the views of the ma-
jority of the Senate. After the bill goes into
operation, like all other new proceedings, it will
develop what is necessary, further, to be done on
the part of Congress to sustain the rights of the
citizen and protect the General Government. That
is the object of my friend from Tennessee, That
can hardly be obtained here now. Let us estab-
lish the first question, whether we shall have a
commission or judges. After that is established
we can proceed to estabJish the machinery to
carry out the court or board of commissioners so
as to effect the object intended. 1 think the bill is
very well arranged, so far as to create a system
which may hereafter be improved.
Why, sir, am I for the change ? First, because
the claimant, if his claim is right, is delayed here
necessarily on account of the peculia character
of our legislation; and next, because there is not
a thorough investigation of claims here. I have
often suffered bills to pass, the merits of which I
did not undertake to comprehend, and why ? Be-
cause a report of a dozen lines settled the principle
upon which the claim was presented. I agreed to
the principle, but I did not know whether the
facts of the case were so. I will vote for this bill,
or I will vote for the bill of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, or for any bill that will estahlish a tribunal
by which the citizen can obtain what is due to
him, and at the same time secure the Government
against any imposition or fraud. Hence it is that
I say, let us vote for the principle contained in the
till, and then let the machinery be adopted to
carry it out.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My friend from
Georgia asks, why refer this bill ? 1 do not want
to debate this question now; but I would take the
speech of my friend from Georgia, and answer his
own interrogatory. He asks, why refer the bill?
Just because he is not ready to vote for it. He
tells you that he prefers the bill of the Senator
from Virginia, which is a little different from this,
and he tells us, before he concludes, that he pre-
fers the courts to a board of commissioners.
Well, if you establish a court, you will have to
reorganize and remodel the bill. There is not a
principle in it that proceeds upon the supposition
that it is to be a branch of the judiciary of this
Government. The commission is to be a mere
committee, first to examine the claim, and report
it back to Congress; and we shall have as much
struggle on the bills as we now have. You estab-
lish your commission. They examine a claim,
and decide against the claimant. What follows?
He comes right back to the Congress of the United
States and asks a rehearing; and we have to go
over the same ground. It is only claims which
are allowed, that will be final before tins board.
I grant that it is a relief, to some extent, and that
we should get rid of some claims; but a great
majority of them would fall back upon us upon
appeal from the board of commissioners, and
then we should have to adjudicate and adjust
them.
Now, sir, I think a court is better; yet, if I can
do no better, I will take this. The very objection
urged by my friend from Georgia to it, satisfies
my mind that we ought to have a seleci commit-
tee made up of these discordant opinions, who
might agree upon something likely to pass the
Senate. I find serious objections to the bill, be-
cause I think it falls short of obtaining the great
purpose contemplated by its author. I know he
has the same object in view that I have. We
want to get rid of these claims. I think there is
but one safe mode of doing it, and that is to estab-
lish a court of claims—an independent judiciary,
upon the same principle as the Supreme Court.
Let the cases go there, and after the examination
of witnesses, and the arguments of counsel, let
them be decided, and then let there be an appeal
to the Supreme Court of the United States. If
you mean to attain justice, that is, in my opinion,
the only way you can do it. If you mean to pro-
tect the Government against the improper claims,
j that is the plan. If you mean to accord to the
citizen the rights of his property, that is the way
in which to do it. I think the Committee on
Claims are now just as competent, just as virtuous,
just as able to decide questions of right as this
board of commissioners which vou propose to
establish with a salary of $3,500 each. It will
only be one step further. We shall get rid of one
class of claims; but the most annoying of all, those
litigated claims of doubtful propriety, will fall back
upon the Congress of the United States, and we
shall not have relieved ourselves at all, in my
judgment.
1, therefore, go for the reference, believing that
the Chair will appoint such^men as are able to
consider the subject properly. We have got the
talent in this Senate. I do not include myself, for
I do not claim anythingof that sort. But there is
talent enough, there is experience enough, there
is wisdom enough, there is legal attainment enough
in this Senate to frame a bill which will answer
the purpose. I believe such can be done by a
select committee, and 1 therefore press its ap-
pointment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is not very material to
me whether this is referred to a select committee
or not; but I beg to observe to my friend from
Tennessee, that it has been before the Committee
on Claims, and the proposition which he makes
with reference to the judiciary, or a court, was
there very deliberately considered. My friend
seems to think that we cannot get clear of these
claims by having a board established, but that they
will come back on appeal. Suppose we adopt his
plan, and refer the questions to the judiciary, can
you cut off the right of petition ? Has not the
claimant the right to petition Congress at all
times? Has not the citizen the right to be heard
by petition ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not propose
to cut off the right of petition. That is a sacred
privilege. But that is not the purpose. Let them
come herewith their petitions, and what have you
to do but to refer them to the court, and we shall
not be brought into the investigation of the ques-
tions. There is the thing. The object is to get
rid of this constant t-.x parte investigation, in which
the Government is never represented. When the
petition comes, we can receive it, and refer it to
the proper court. There is the point.
Mr. BROI>HEAD. That is just what I pro-
pose to do, to preserve the right of petition when
a man presents his claim, and refer it to this
board. If it is the pleasure of the Senate that a
select committee, who take an interest in the
measure, should be raised, I certainly shall in-
terpose no objection; but we come to this: if you
select this plan, the bill, I think, is as practical as
it can be made. If you establish a board, the bill
can soon be considered and passed; but if it
becomes a question between the two propositions,
the board on the one side, and the judiciary on
the other, then it becomes a more serious question;
then it is not a question of detail. The proposi-
tion of a reference to the judiciary is captivating
when first presented; but when it is examined—
and I think my friend from Ohio [Mr. Wade] will
concur with me in sayins; that the more it is ex-
amined, the more difficult and the less accessible
it becomes. You would have to reform the whole
judiciary system, in a great measure,to carry it
out; you would have to define the jurisdiction;
you would have to classify the cases; and how-
would you refer to a court, governed by rules of
law or equity, questions which address themselves
alone to our discretion, to our sense of liberality
and justice—if you please, abstract justice, which
is administered in courts of law or equity ? These
are the suggestions which occur to my mind in
reference to that matter.
With regard to the suggestion of my friend
from Delaware, that these commissioners should
not be removable, that would make them less
responsible. If we confer upon the President the
right to appoint, we impliedly confer the right to
remove. That is my answer to his proposition.
If we do not give the power to the President
to remove—a power which I think we cannot
withhold—it may be said that we wish to have
a political board formtd. I do not wish that, for
one. T believe the President will appoint gentle-
men who have special qualifications. We have
not the right to say, in advance, that he will not.
1 believe that he will appoint proper men, men who
have a large stock of reputation, because it will
require a considerable stock of this kind on hand.
If, however, it is the pleasure of the Senate to
adopt the suggestion of my friend from Tennessee,
I have no objection.^Jf it should go to a select
committee at this time, I shall not now press the
amendments which I have proposed.
Mr. CLAYTON, f only wish to say to my
friend from Pennsylvania, in regard to the pro-
priety of the power of removal, that the power of
removal by the President, under a decision of the
provision of 1789, is a power to remove officers
other than judicial; and, therefore, there is no diffi-
culty, such as my friend supposes, in making them
independent of the Executive.
The motion to refer the bill to a select commit-
tee of five was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD, I move that the Chair
appoint the committee.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Brodhead,
i Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, Mr. Hunter, Mr.
Clayton, and Mr. Clay were appointed.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. BADGER. I ask the Senate to excuse me
from serving on the Committee on Finance, and I
assure them that if they will excuse me for this
