1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
session, I shall not require the same favor at the
next. [Laughter.]
The honorable Senator was excused, and the
vacancy was ordered to be filled by the President.
Mr. HUNTER. There is another vacancy in
the Committee on Finance. The Senator from
California, [Mr. Gwisr,] who was upon it, is ab-
sent, and it is necessary that his place should be
filled. I move that the vacancy be filled by the
Chair; and I will state that I believe it is the wish
of the absent Senator that his place should be
filled.
Mr. WELLER. I can only say that such is
the desire of my colleague. He is detained in
California, and will not probably be here for sev-
eral weeks to come. It is well known that there
is a good deal of business connected with the State
■which I have the honor in part to represent, which
makes it highly desirable that the position which
he occupies on that committee should be filled
during his temporary absence.
Mr. BADGER. I do not wish to interposeany
obstacle in the way of completing that committee,
but I beg leave to suggest to the Senator, that this
motion is founded upon a misapprehension of the
state of the case. So far as the absent Senator
from California is concerned, there is no vacancy.
He has not resigned his position on the committee;
he has not been excused from service; he has not
been displaced. There is no vacancy there; so
that I apprehend the motion of my friend from
Virginia should be to add a member to the com-
mittee. 1 have no objection to it, but I wish it to
be understood.
Mr. HUNTER. I am willing to make the
motion to add a member temporarily.
Mr. BADGER Until the Senator from Cali-
fornia comes?
Mr. HUNTER. I move that another member
be added to the committee.
Mr. BADGER. I would suggest to my friend
that there is no particular difficulty here. The
committee have got along with five members, and
surely they can prosecute its business until the
Senator from California returns. The Committee
on Naval Affairs or Finance, whichever it is, can
transact the business with five members until that
time. Would it not be better to do that than pre-
sent the incongruous appearance of increasing
them from six to seven, while no other committee
has more than six?
When that Senator returns, the redoubled dili-
gence of these two gentlemen, both of them no-
torious for their economical propensities, will, by
future saving, make up for a little loss during his
absence. I think the motion had better be with-
drawn.
Mr. HUNTER. There ia a precedent for this
in regard to the Committee on the Judiciary. It
can only be done by unanimous consent, as it
makes the number on the committee seven instead
of six. The reason why I made the motion was
not because five could not do the business, but it
has generally been considered important that on
the committee there should be one Senator from
the Pacific side of the continent. If the Senate
should think it a departure from the rule, of
course they can vote it down.
The PRESIDENT. An additional member
cannot be added without the unanimous consent
of the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. I wislL it to be understood
that I do not interpose any objection, but f only
threw out the suggestion, which, I think, is en-
titled to somef consideration.
Mr. PISH. I do not rise for the purpose of
objecting to the proposition of my friend from
Virginia, but the Senator from California is also
on the Committee on Naval Affairs. That com-
mittee consists of six members, and yet the
Senate has been in session two weeks, and there
have been but two members of the committee
present. If the Senate agree to the proposition
of the Senator from Virginia, therefore, I shall
beg them to take into consideration the question
whether it would not be proper to take the same
course in regard to that committee.
ijjfr. HUNTER. If objected to, I withdraw
the motion.
AMENDMENT TO JOINT RULES,
Mr. BROWN. I wish, before the Senate
adjourns, to give notice that to-morrow I shall
ask leave to introduce a resolution to establish an
additional joint rule of the two Houses, my
object being the same as is indicated by the bill
which has just been referred to a select committee.
I think the whole purpose of that bill can be met
by a joint resolution establishing a general com-
mittee on claims. Theplan is the same which I had
before the House of Representatives, and which
met with some favor, two or three years ago.
Without going into detail I give the notice now,
because in the House (I have not examined the
rules here) it is necessary to give notice of a
proposition to move to change the standing rules,
if that is necessary here, I give the notice now.
JOSEPH GIDEON.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, transmitting to the Senate, in accord-
ance with their request, the bill for the relief of
Joseph Gideon.
SENATE BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Webster, his Secretary, an-
nounced that he had approved and signed the
following bills:
An ace for the better preservation of life and
property from vessels shipwrecked on the coasts
of the united States.
An act to relinquish to the State of Wisconsin
the lands reserved for salt springs therein,
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the Speaker had signed the following
enrolled bills and joint resolutions; which were
then signed by the President:
A bill to provide for the extinguishment of the
title of the Chippewa Indians to the lands owned
and claimed by them in the Territory of Minnesota
and State of Wisconsin, and for their domestica-
tion and civilization;
A bill for the relief of James S. Graham and
Walker H.Finiudl;
A joint resolution for the settlementof thecl&im
of Don Juan Jesus Vigil,of NewMexico;
A joint resolution to modify or change the ori-
ginal plan of the custom-house at New Orleans;
A bill allowing the further time of two years to
those holding lands by entries 111 the Virginia mil-
itary district in Ohio, which were made prior to
the 1st of January, 1852, to have the game sur-
veyed and.patonted; and
A bill for the relief of Thomas Ellis.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 18, 1854;
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Mii.buiin.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
Mr. James Abercromiiie, of Alabama, Mr. (
Asa Packer, of Pennsylvania, and Mr. George '
W. Morrison, of New Hampshire, appeared
and took their seats.
JOSEPH GIDEON.
The SPEAKER announced that amessage had
been received from the Senate, requesting the
return of Senate bill (No. 32) for the relief of
Joseph Gideon.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
EXCUSED FROM COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. RUFFIN. I desire that the House will
excuse me from further service on the Committee
of Claims. I am also a member of the investi-
gating committee upon the Colt patent case,
which meets several times a week, and it will be
impossible to attend the meetings of both com-
mittees.
The question was put, and Mr. RtiFrnjwas
excused.
Mr. RICHARDSON obtained the floor.
BETSEST NASH.
Mr. BENNETT. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. On Friday last, the bill of this House for
the relief of Betsey Nash, with the amendment of
the Senate thereto, was referred to the Committee
of the Whole House. I desire to submit the mo-
tion to reconsider the motion by which the bill
was so referred. I do not carewhether the motion j
is considered now or some other day. |
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered,
but cannot be now considered, the gentleman from
Illinois having first obtained the floor.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RICHARDSON, by unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a
bill of the following title; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee on
Territories:
A bill to establish military roads in the United
States.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, also, by unani-
mous consent, and in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced sundry bills; which were read a first
and second time by their titles, and referred to the
appropriate standing committees. The following
are the titles:
A bill for the relief of certain officers and
soldiers of the Army who served in the war of
1812. Referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
A bill to constitute Chattenooga, in the State of
Tennessee, a port of delivery. Referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
A bill to amend the Post Office laws". Referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
JOHN CHURCHWELL.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the consentof the
House that the memorial and papers in the case
of John Church well be taken from the files of the
House, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remark that
if tho papers ore not to go out of the House, the
gentleman's object can be accomplished under the
rule, by application at the Clerk's desk.
BARON DE KALB.
Mr. MAY. The Clerk has informed me that
he has difficulty in the engrossment of the bill
passed on Friday last, for the relief of the heirs
of the Baron de Kalb. Owingto inadvertence, the
gentleman who proposed an amendment to the
bill omitted to strike out the phraseology for which
his amendment was a substitute. I am sure that
it was understood by the House that the appro-
priation which was made was to be in-full for the
claims, services, and sacrifices of General de
Kalb. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House, therefore, that the bill may be so en-
grossed.
There was no objection, and the order was
accordingly made,
WILLIAM HARRIS.
Mr. HILLYER, hy unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
for the relief of William Harris; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
GULP SQUADRON IN THE MEXICAN WAR.
Mr. ROBBINS, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be re-
quested to inquire into the expediency of placing the
oflieers, seam'-n, anil marines who nerved m the gulf
squadron during the Mexican war, upon the same looting
as to bounty laud, extra pay, Stc., as was granted hy Con-
gress to those who served in Hie Pacific squadron during
the same period, and that they have leave to report by bill
or otherwise.
MILWAUKIE CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. WELLS. I have a resolution which I
propose to offer, and to which I hope there will
be no objection. I propose the following:
Resolved That the Secretary of the Treasury be request-
ed to inform the House v/lieiher, in his opinion, the build-
ing authorized by tile act of the last session, to be erected
at iMihvaukie, lor eu^toin-house, couit-hou?e, and post
office, is suiiiciently iarge to pioperly accommodate those
purposes.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to inquire of
the gentleman from Wisconsin whether any con-
tract has been entered into for the erection of that
building?
Mr. WELLS. I will inform the gentleman
that no Buch contract has been made.
Mr. LETCHER. What will be the cost of
carrying out the plan which you propose to set
aside?
Mr. WELLS. The appropriation made at the
last session was for §50,000.
