w
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December IB,
Mr. LETCHER. Can the gentleman inform
me what amount of revenue is collected at that
point ?
Mr. WELLS. I cannot state precisely as to
the last year. The previous year $150,000 was
collected, and I presume the amount was larger
last year.
Mr. LETCHER. That will do. 1 desire to
offer an amendment to that resolution, to the effect
that the Secretary of the Treasury be also
requested to communicate to this House all the
bids, plans, and estimates which have been fur-
nished in connection with the custom-houses pro-
posed to be built at the last session, which are on
file in his Department.
Mr. W ELLS. I will say to the gentleman that,
if I am not mistaken, a resolution has already
been adopted by the House calling upon the Secre-
tary of the Treasury for the inibi mation which
the gentleman desires.
Mr. LETCHER. If such a resolution has
been passed I am satisfied; but I do not recollect
any such resolution.
Mr. PULLER. In reply to the gentleman from
Virginia, 1 will state that the Committee on Com-
merce had in their possession plans and estimates
and specifications for this custom-house before
they reported the appropriation for it at the last
session.
Mr. LETCHER. But it seems that now we
are to have two plans and two specifications. It
seems now that plans and specifications were sent
in with the recommendations of the Secretary of
the Treasury, for the establishment of a custom-
house at MiUvaukie, during the last session, and
that upon those recommendations an appropriation
was made. Now, I want to know what bids have
been offered, in consequence of the passage of
that appropriation at the last session? I want to
know what would be the probable cost of the
building, according to the original plan, and
whether it ia proposed by the change of plan to
increase the cost, by erecting a larger and more
costly building?
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to understand my
friend from Maine, [Mr. Fuller,] who says that
plans and estimates were furnished to his com-
mittee at the last session. If I remember cor-
rectly, the Committee on Commerce did not report
in favor of but a small number of the vast appro-
priations for custom-houses upon which we were
called to act. There is one provision in the law
of the last session to which, I presume, the gen-
tleman from Virginia refers. The appropriation
for the establishment of new custom-houses and
marine hospitals, authorized the Secretary of the
Treasury to purchase sites upon which to erect
these buildings, and made an indefinite appropria-
tion to pay for them. Now, the Secretary, in his
report on finance, states that he has selected cer-
tain sites at certain places, but gives no informa-
tion as to the bids which have been presented. I
presume the object of the gentleman is to obtain
the proposals which have been made for sites,
from which the Secretary has made his selection.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, that is exactly what
I want to get at; but in addition to that, 1 want
to get at the advertisements under which pro-
posals were called for, the terms upon which they
were asked, and all that was done in connection
with the matter.
Mr. COBB. Well, send up your amendment.
Nobody will object to it.
Mr. WELLS. I would inquire what is the
question before the House? Is the amendment of
the gentleman from Virginia still pending?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WELLS. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Virginia that he should offer his amend-
ment as a separate resolution. The resolution that
I offer is simply one calling for information. I am
sure that I would vote for the gentleman's amend-
ment as a separate resolution, but I trust he will
withdraw it as an amendment, and allow my res-
olution to pass. I will state, further, that the site [j
for this building has been already fixed upon, and
that it is the best which could have been selected
for the purpose.
Mr. FULLER. Will the gentleman from Wis-
consin yield the floor for the purpose of having
the resolution reported? I did not hear it
Mr. WELLS. 1 yield for that purpose.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw my amendment,
and will offer a separate resolution.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wells's
resolution, and it was adopted.
STEAM SLOOPS-OF-WAR.
Mr. PHILLIPS, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
" to authorize the construction of six steam sloops-
of-war;" which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
PRINTING OF THE INDIAN REPORT.
Mr. ORR. I ask leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That two thousand copies of the annual report
of (lie Commissioner of Indian Alfairs, vvslh the accom-
panying papers, be printed and bound for Ihe use of the
tndiEin Bureau.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That resolution
goes to the Committee on Printing, does it not?
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to
state that, unless the resolution can be now con-
sidered by unanimous consent, it must go to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. ORE,. I have no objection to its being so
referred.
The resolution was then referred,in compliance
with the rule, to the Committee on Printing.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. To-morrow and
the two succeeding days are set apart for the con-
sideration of the business of the District of Co-
lumbia, and it is very desirable to get the Indian
appropriation bill through the House before the
holidays. I therefore move that the rules be sus-
pended and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Tennessee to allow me to offer a resolution, to
which I understand there will be no objection,
simply for the purpose^of reference.
Mr. JONES. If I withdraw my motion for
that purpose a number of other gentlemen, who
have resolutions to offer, will ask the same priv-
ilege, and the balance of the day will probably be
consumed to no purpose.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man from Tennessee will withdraw his motion
only for ten minutes or a quarter of an hour to
enable resolutions to be offered.
Mr. JONES. Gentlemen around me say that
they can get through with then-resolutions mfive
or ten minutes. 1 will, therefore, withdraw my
motion for the present.
THE EASTERN WAR—MEDIATION BY THE
UNITED STATES.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the consent of the
House to introduce, for the purpose of reference
merely, a joint resolution " requesting the Presi-
dent to tender the mediation of the United States
to the Powers engaged in the eastern war."
Mr. WALSH. I object. Let them eat each
other up. [A laugh.]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman from
New York will withdraw his objection, I believe
he does not mean to insist on it, though I did not
exactly hear what he said.
The SPEAKER,. Then if the objection be
withdrawn, the joint resolution will be read a first
and second time.
Mr. WALSH. I have not withdrawn
objection.
BETSY NASH AND MRS. BATCHELDER.
Mr. FAULKNER. On Friday last, a bill
entitled "a bill for the relief of Betsy Nash,"
returned from the Senate with an amendment,
embracing a provision for the widow of James
Batchelder, was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Bennett] has moved to reconsider the vote
by which that reference was made. I desire to
ask the Chair what is the effect of the reconsid-
eration thus pending; whether it prevents the bill
from going to a Committee of the Whole House ?
The SPEAKER. it suspends all action upon
the bill. 1
Mr. FAULKNER. Then I move to lay that
motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a question of
order. 1 ask what is the regular order of business?
I wish it understood that I object to everything ..
that is not strictly in order. jj
my
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of States for resolutions.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I insist that that
order be pursued, and I object to everything else.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has a right to call up the motion to recon-
sider, as it is a privileged proposition, He does
call it up, and submits a motion to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Several Members. What is the question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the po-
sition of the question. House bill (No. 3S0) " for
the relief of Betsy Nash," was, on Friday last,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House.
To-day the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ben-
nett] moved to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was thus committed, and the motion was
entered. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Faulkner] now rises and demands action upon
that motion to reconsider, and moves to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. BENNETT. Before the question is taken
upon that motion, I want to say a word to the
House.
Mr. HAMILTON. Debate is out of order.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order unless
the motion to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table is withdrawn.
Mr. BENNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to withdraw it, that I may be heard for
a moment.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I rise to a question of order.
Does not a gentleman who makes a privileged
motion to reconsider hold the floor upon that
tjuestion, and can another gentleman rise and take
it from him?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
competent for the gentleman from Virginia to call
up the question of reconsideration; but it is r.ot
competent for him to take the floor from the gen-
tleman who moved the reconsideration when it is
called up. As, therefore, the gentleman from New
York claims the floor, the gentleman from Vir-
ginia cannot submit the motion to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. When the gentleman
from New York made the motion he was entitled
to the floor; but he yielded the floor by deferring
the motion to reconsider, and thereby lost his
right.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from New York did not lose his right
to the floor, for he could not have pressed the
reconsideration of his motion at the time he sub-
mitted it, other business interfering. He had a
right, however, to have the motion entered, and
it was perfectly competent to postpone its consid-
eration or to let it go over informally. The
Chair decides that the calling up of the motion to
reconsider cannot deprive the gentleman who sub-
mits the motion to the floor under the practice
and rules of the House.
Mr. BENNETT. I do not wish to detain the
House for more than a few moments in reference
to this bill. The original bill was for the relief of
Betsy Nash. She is the widow of a surgeon
who served in the late war, and is really entitled
to a pension. She is an old lady, poor and infirm.
Her name has been before the Committee on
Invalid Pensions since 1822, and the proof of her
title to receive allowance was made perfect in 1831.
The Committee on I^alid Pensions at that time,
and have uniformly, at almost every session since,
reported a bill for her relief. Her case is a Btrictly
honest one. At the last session of Congress the
claim was reported by the Committee on Invalid
Pensions with a recommendation that the widow
be allowed half-pay for five years. By the old
law widows were allowed half-pay for five years;
but according to the act of J848, it may be ex-
tended five years longer. Widows, therefore, m
certain cases, receive half-pay for ten yecrs, and
in some cases—by additional extension—for fif-
teen, twenty, and twenty-five years. I moved to
amend the report of the committee by making the
pension ^continue for the least of these terms—ten
years. The bill was so amended, so that she was
allowed half-pay for ten years instead of halfway
for five years. The bill was sent to the Senate for
its concurrence; hut the committee of the Senate,
by the, same sort of inadvertence as that into which
the committee of the House had previously fallen
—from not referring to the law of 1848, which
allows pensions to be extended for five years
