78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
made the special order for the Friday suggested
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Bennett.]
The question was then taken upon the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred, and it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. BENNETT. 1 now ask the House to
give me unanimous consent to have this bill taken
up and considered at this time. We can dispose
of it in a short time, and I see no reason why it
should not be done.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
_ Mr. FAULKNER. That would be in viola-
tion of the proposition which has been made, and
in view of which the House acted in reconsidering
the motion by which the bill was referred. The
understanding was, that if the motion to reconsider
prevailed, the bill should be made the special order
for some future day, and 1 hope that understand-
ing will be carried out.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move to
amend the motion to commit to a Committee of
the Whole, which is now pending, so as to make
it the special order for Friday three weeks; and if
there is any objection to that motion, I will move
to suspend the rules to enable me to introduce it.
Many Voices. No objection.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills with the
following titles; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Speaker:
Joint resolution to modify or change the original
plan of the custom-house at New Orleans;
Joint resolution for the settlement of the claim
of Don Juan Jesus Vigil, of New Mexico;
An act to provide for the extinguishment of
the title of the Chippewa Indians to the lands
owned and claimed by them in the Territory of
Minnesota and State of Wisconsin, and for their
domestication and civilization;
An act for the relief of James S. Graham and
Walter H. Finrmll;
An act allowing the time of two years to those
holding lands by entries in the Virginia military
district in Ohio, which were made prior to the 1st
of January, 1852, to have the same surveyed and
patented; and
An act for the relief of Thomas Ellis.
CLERK TO COMMITTEE.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to enable me to submit a
motion to allow to the Committee on Territories
a clerk, at the ordinary compensation, for the
space of thirty days.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I dislike to interfere with
the gentleman's wishes; but I have called for the
regular order of business, and must insist upon it.
I would yield to the gentleman from Illinois as
soon as to any one, but I wish to reach a matter
in which I feel interested, and we can do that in
a few minutes.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the House
will first dispose of tho resolutions which may be
introduced.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hamil-
ton's motion; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of t.'ie
Union, (Mr. Middleswartii in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration ot" House bill (No. 555) j
making appropriations for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending June 30, ]85G.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. When the Committee of
the Whoie iast rose, they had under consideration
the Indian appropriation bill, and particularly an
amendment, which was offered by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr Hari.an,] to line 333 of the
bill; which amendment will be reported by the
Clerk. 1 1
Mr. HOUSTON. Before that is done I wish
to appeal to the House to go back on the bill to
page 9, lines 199 to 202 inclusive. That clause
reads as follows:
For life annuities to chiefs, per private article to sup-
plemental treaty of 24th September, 1829, to treaty of 3d
October, 1818, $-200. J>
It will be seen that it provides for the payment
of §200 as amount due for life annuities to chiefs
of the Delaware Indians. The Secretary of the
Interior has advised me, since I came into the
Hall this morning, that he has received informa-
tion of the recent death of one of the two chiefs of
that tribe, and in consequence of that event, it
becomes necessary to change that appropriation
by limiting it to one chief, and reducing the sum
to $ 100. I therefore move to strike out the words
"annuities to chiefs," and insert in lieu thereof
the words " annuity to chief," and also to strike
out the word " two," and insert in lieu thereof
the word " one."
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now recurs
upon the amendment which was pending when
the committee last rose, offered by the gentleman
from Indiana, to the appropriation for the Miami
Indians.
The Clerk reported the amendment, as follows:
Page VI, line 330, add tho following:
For deficiency ot land west of the Mississippi Indians,
granted to said tribe by the treaty of 1840, dollars.
Mr. ORR said: I do not know what sum it is
proposed to fill the blank with. Is the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Harlan] in his seat to answer
the question ? I do not see that he is present. It
was stated to me, incidentally, that the amount
proposed to be inserted would be $100,000.
Now, sir, on the 25th of February, 1841, a
treaty was ratified between the Miami Indians
and this Government by the Senate of the United
States, and, among other stipulations, it was
therein provided that the Miamies should receive
a certain tract of land, bounded on the east by
the State of Missouri, on the north by the coun-
try of the Weas and ICaskaskias, on the west by
the Pottawatomies, of Indiana, and on the south
by the country assigned to the New York Indians,
in all estimated to amount to five hundred thou-
sand acres. Since that time, and during the course
of the present year, another treaty has been ne-
gotiated with this same tribe of Indians. A por-
tion of them emigrated west of the Mississippi,
while the balance remained in the State of Indiana.
The gentleman now proposes to make up a defi-
ciency in the amount of this land. The deficiency
was, about one hundred and twenty or one hun-
dred and thirty thousand acres. When the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs negotiated the treaty
during thepastsummer, notonly were thelndians
residing west of the Mississippi present and par-
ticipating in the treaty, but also that portion of
the tribe which remained in the State of Indiana.
This treaty, which I hold in my hand, was
the result of the negotiation. All parties were
perfectly satisfied with it. The commissioner,
when he came to negotiate the treaty, did not pay
them for three hundred and seventy thousand
acres of land which the Government secured under
this last treaty, but he paid them for the whole
five hundred thousand acres,giving them §200,000.
Both bands were satisfied—the Indiana one espe-
cially, expressing themselves to the effect that
they had received a more favorable consideration
in the negotiation of the treaty than they had an-
ticipated. There is, therefore, not the shadow
of a pretext for a claim on the Government for
§100,000—not for even §5. They have been fully
paid every dollar to which they are entitled; and
I only make these remarks now, so that hereafter
when this claim shall be brought up, as I suppose
it will be, they may be used in evidence against
it. The Government always weakens its oppo-
sition to such claims, while the parties pressing
them strengthen their efforts. The two treaties,
taken together, show that these Indians have re-
ceived every dollar to which they are entitled, and
the amendment ought to be rejected.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I move pro forma to
fill the blank with $100,000.
I do not rise, Mr. Chairman, for the purpose of
making a speech to the merits of the proposed
amendment. I have not given the question that
attention which would enable me to speak to its
merits. It is a subject which has been particu-
larly under tils care and control of my colleague,
[Mr. Harlan,] who is not now in his seat. I
therefore trust that this matter may be permitted
to rest without the action of this committee until
he can be in his place, and give this amendment
the attention which it deserves. 1 know enough,
however, from general information, of the manner
in which the interests of the Miamies have been
disposed of, to know that there is merit in this
claim, that the Indians still remaining in Indiana
have not received their just proportion of the
money given for the ceded land. It was merely
to express the hope that this subject may be per-
mitted to rest until my colleague [Mr. Harlan]
can be in his seat to speak to it—he having given
it a thorough investigation—that I have detained
the committee for even a few moments.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. Mr. Chairman,
it is not on my own account that I have sought
and now obtained the floor, but on account of my
honerable colleague, [Mr. Benton,] who is now
absent in Boston. Friday evening last he came
to my seat, and remarked that he desired to make
a brief speech in opposition to the remedies pro-
posed by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Mace,] for the cure of certain evils alleged to have
been engendered by the passage of the Kansas-
Nebraska act.
Mr. HOUSTON. We are now under the five-
minute rule, and gentlemen must confine them-
selves to the amendment under consideration.
Mr. OLIVER. I only ask the gentleman to
hear what I have to say.
Mr, HOUSTON. In justice to myself in con-
ducting the appropriation bills, I shall be com-
pelled to object to every departure from the rules
unless overruled by the committee.
Mr. OLIVER. I hope the gentleman will hear
what I have to say before he objects.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall object to any debate
not in accordance with the five-minute rule.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection being made,
the gentleman must confine his remarks to the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Chamberlain,]
Mr. OLIVER. My colleague told me that he
would be absent several days in Boston for the
purpose of doing all that he could to interest the
capitalists of that city in the stupendous enter-
prise of constructing a central railroad to the
Pacific, and therefore requested me to read his
speech to the House. I promised to do so; and with
the permission of the committee, I shall now pro-
ceed to redeem that promise. The reading of the
speech will only occupy about five minutes, and
I hope no objection will be made.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
[Cries of " Print the speech I"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot agree to a departure
from the rule. If I depart from it in this case, 1
shall be compelled to yield in others.
Mr. OLIVER. I will again ask the gentleman
to withdraw his objection. I can read the speech
in five minutes.
Mr. HOUSTON. In a short while, we shall
be through with this bill. Then, if the commit-
tee will allow me, I shall move to take up another
appropriation bill. When up, it will be in order
for the gentleman to read his colleague's speech.
Mr. OLIVER. Very well, sir. 1 shall wait
until then.
The question was taken, and the amendment to
the amendment was rejected.
Mr. Harlan's amendment was then disagreed
to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to amend the bill,
in the section making provision for the Miamies,
by striking out from the 341st to the 349th line,
inclusive, as follows:
For first and second of three equal annual installments
upon $14,293 50, for education and support of the poor and
infirm, per sixth article tieaty 23d October, 1626. fifteenth
article tieaty 6th November, 1838, and fourth article treaty
5ttl June, ]S5-J, $9,482 33.
I am not instructed by the Committee of Way?
and Means to offer this amendment, because the
matter has not gone before that committee. I
sent up to the Clerk's desk a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, which I received this morn-
ing, ton late to lay before the Committee of Ways
and Means, and a part of which I will ask the
Cierk to read.
The Clerk then read from the letter, as follows:
" For the first and second of three annua! installments
upon ,"$14)223 50," &c., 8tc. This clause might be stricken
from the bill, inasmuch as the amount $14,223 50 is now m
