80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19.
And this is all I have to say, confining myself, as
I do, to the two measures proposed by the mem-
ber from Indiana, and condemning his remedies
while applauding his desire to cure the disease—
his desire to put an end to agitation, and restore
the House and the country to the happy state of
tranquiliity and fraternal feeling which prevailed
twelve months ago, and which has been so lament-
ably, and, I fear, so durably impaired.
Mr. BARRY addressed the committee, (in re-
marks which have been withheld for revision,) in
review of the conduct and principles of the Know-
Nothing party, and the dangerous tendency of
their doctrines.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. BANKS then obtained the floor, but yielded
to
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. With the per-
mission of the gentleman, I will move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. To-morrow and the two
following days have been set apart, by special
order of the House, for the consideration of busi-
ness relating to the District of Columbia. This
bill will not be then under consideration.
[Cries of " Go on, Banks !"]
Mr. BANKS. I am willing to yield the floor
to the gentleman from Tennessee for the purpose
he has indicated. I do not desire to go on with
my speech this evening.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman does not
desire to go on with his speech this evening, I
will move that the bill be laid aside to be reported
to the House, with the recommendation that it do
pass. The gentleman can obtain the floor m com-
mittee on any of the bills embraced within the
special order. I am anxious to have the bill be-
fore us acted on now, which can as well be done
instead of being postponed until after the holi-
days.
The CHAIRMAN. Does thegentleman from
Massachusetts yield the floor to the gentleman
from Tennessee ?
Mr. BANKS. If I am allowed to make a
statement in regard to a declaration in the speech
of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,]
just read by his colleague, [Mr. Oliver,] by which
I am in some measure alluded to, 1 will then yield
the floor. 1 am not prepared to speak this even-
ing.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman does not
want to proceed with his speech now, I will move
that the committee do now rise, and report the two
bills which we have had before us.
Mr. HAMILTON. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts may not be under the impression
that he will have the floor to-morrow.
Mr. BANKS. I shall make no more words,
but proceed with my speech.
[Cries of " Tiiat's right!" " Go on !"]
Mr. BANKS then addressed the House in reply
to the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Barky,]
and in defense of the doctrines of the Ivnow-
Nothmgparty. His speech (withheld for revision)
will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. KEITT obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. ORR. "With the permission of my col-
league, I move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. The next three days are
covered by a special order. If the gentleman's
motion be carried, that the committee do now rise,
action on the bill under consideration will be post-
poned until after the holidays. If he will allow
it to be reported to the House, his colleague will
stand a good chance of getting the floor on another !
bid.
Mr. ORR. The Military Academy appropria-
tion bill has not been read through, and it is not
pr6bable that it will be passed this evening.
Mr. HOUSTON. Fifteen lines only remain to
be read.
Mr. KEITT. I am not disposed to embarrass
the business of the body, and 1 shall, therefore,
yield my right to the floor, if, by so doing, I can
facilitate business. I will yield for no other pur-
pose.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move, then, that the com-
rrrttee do now rise, and report the bill to the
House.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that the ;
Committee of the Whole on the state of the i,
Union had had the state of the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the Indian
and Military Academy appropriation bills, and
had instructed him to report the former with, and
the latter without, amendments, with the recom-
mendation that they do pass.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the previous ques-
tion on both bills.
The call for the previous question received a
second, and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. These bilk can
easily be passed this evening. I hope that may
be done.
Mr. HAVEN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw his motion so that we may
pass the appropriation bills which have just been
reported from the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HAVEN. I withdraw the motion to ad-
journ.
The amendments of the Committeeof the Whole
to the Indian appropriation bill were, by unani-
mous consent, voted on en masse, and agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
s third time; and being engrossed, it was read a
third time, and passed.
The Military Academy appropriation bill was
ordered to be engrossed and readathird time; and
being engrossed, it was read a third time, and
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the votes
by which the Indian and Military Academy ap-
propriation bills have just been passed, and that
that motion be laid upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which received the Speaker's sig-
nature:
An act to authorize the issue of patents to lands
in any State, or Territory, in certain cases; and
An act supplemental to an act therein mentioned.
MESSAGE PRORl THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER, by consent, laid before the
House the following communication:
To the House of Representatives:
I ttansmit airpoit from the Secretary of War, with ac-
companying papers, in answer to the resolution of the
llou-c of Repiosentativcs, of the Sid of August last, request-
ing a pneh mtoimation as may be in the possession of the
War Department, touching the cause of any difficulties
which may have arisen between the Creek and Seminole
Indians mijcc their removal west of the Mississippi," and
other matters concerning the tribes.
FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Washington, December 18, 1854.
Mr. WALSH. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr, LANCASTER. I appeal to the gentle-
man to withdraw the motion, and allow me to
present a resolution for the purpose of having it
referred. I am very anxious that it should go to
a committee, and I do not know when 1 shall
have another opportunity.
Mr. WALSH. The gentleman can present it
some other time.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
a quarter past four o'clock) the House adjourned
until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 19, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milbuhn.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, of August 3,1854, certain correspondence
between the Department of State and Mr. Marsh,
the United States Minister to Constantinople, rel-
ative to the affair of the Rev. Jonas King, em-
ployed by theAmerican Board ofForeign Missions
as a missionary to Palestine.
Mr. ROCKWELL. Thatcommunicationcovers
certain correspondence between our Minister at
Constantinople and the Secretary of State. There
was a portion of it published during the last ses-
sion of Congress; but the whole correspondence
was not then communicated for reasons which
existed at that time, but now no longer exist. I
move that Executive document No. 67, of the last
session, comprising that -portion of the corre-
spondence which was before communicated to the
Senate, together with that now submitted, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, announced that they
had passed a bill making appropriations for the
support of the Military Academy, for the year
ending June 30, 1856; also, a bill making appro-
priations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with the various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30, 185G.
They were severally read a first and second
time by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Wil-
liam B. Wood, praying that a pension may be
allowed the widow of George W. F. Wood, an
officer of the Army, who died of yellow fever while
in the discharge of his duty in Texas; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ROCKWELL. Mr. President, I present
the memorial of David Sears, Abbot Lawrence,
and others, trustees of the Massachusetts Hu-
mane Society, asking for an appropriation to be
expended for the relief of shipwrecked mariners
upon the coast of Massachusetts. They state
that they are the trustees of a society which has
existed since 1791; which has been furnished with
funds from private sources as well as from the
State of Massachusetts, and only once from the
General Government. They represent that an
appropriation was made at the last session, part
of which was expected to have been appropriated
upon that coast; but that, by a decision of the
Secretary of the Treasury, it was all expended upon
other portions of the coasts of the United States,
and, as they believe, well expended. They there-
fore ask for an appropriation for that purpose,
and they tender the agency of this Society in its
economical expenditure. I move the reference of
the memorial to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of James
Brown and others, of New York, praying that an
expedition be sent to the Polar Seas, for the
purpose of affording relief to Dr. Kane, his officers
and crew; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
RELIGIOUS LIBERTY.
Mr. CASS. I think, Mr. President, this is the
third session since the commencement of the pre-
sentation to the Senate of petitions asking the in-
terposition of the American Government to secure
to our citizens abroad the rights of religious wor-
ship as well as the rights of sepulture. At the
first session, when they were presented, the sub-
ject was referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, and a very excellent report, accompanied
by the proper resolutions, was introduced by the
late Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] a
most estimable man,as we all know. It was too
late then, however,to act on the subject, andit lay
over until the next session. At that session the
number of petitions on the subject was greatly in-
creased, showing the interest which the American
people felt in regard to it. Those petitions, to-
gether with the report and resolutions of Mr.
Underwood, were referred, at the last session, to
the same committee. I had hoped that the sub-
ject would engage the attention o"f the committee,
and that they would submit a report which the
Senate could act upon at the last session. They
did not, however, uo so. I suppose the time and
attention of the committee were otherwise di-
rected. Cut, Mr. President, this subject has lost
none of its interest with the people of our country.
It has increased, and is increasing in importance
from year to year, and the interest of the American
people in it is likewise increasing.
I rise now to give notice that on some day
when it may be convenient, I shall move the
adoption of the resolutions introduced into the
Senate by Mr. Underwood, accompanied with
