THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN G. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 20, 1854.
New Series....No. 6.
another requiring the Secretary of the Senate to
lay them before the President. I will not trouble
the Senate with them now. I give the notice so
that the Senate may be prepared to act finally on
the subject. I have not the remotest, idea of
saying another word on the subject. Whatever
is to be said on it further, if anything at all be
said, will be by others, not by me. The Senate
have already heard me in regard to it, and I do
not feel that I should be doing1 justice to the body
to again address them in reference to it.
But, sir, what I rose at this time more particu-
larly to say, independent of the notice which I
have given, was this: The discussions on the
subject in this body attracted some attention in
Pans; and by the comments of the Paris papers
there was drawn out a nery singular document
which I hold in my hand, and which is well
worthy the attention of the Senate. At the cor-
onation of Napoleon—the Napoleon, Mr. Presi-
dent—representatives were summoned from the
various religious bodies of France to be present
at that ceremony, and among others the represent-
atives of the Consistorial bodies of the Reformed
Church of France were called there. 1 will read
to you, sir, what the Emperor Napoleon said on
this subject. Mr. President, it is marked with
that vigor of thought, and that energy and terse-
ness of expression, which characterized that
remarkable man, and which, not less than his
brilliant military achievements, will forever place
him high among the roll of those men who have
impressed their character upon the history of the
age in which they live.
((I see with pleasure assembled here the pastors of the
Reformed Churches of France, and 1 embrace, with ardor,
this opportunity of testifying to them how highly I have
been satisfied with the reports that have readied mo, of the
fidelity and good conduct of the pastors and citizens of the
different Protestant communions, I desire them to tinder-
stand that it is iny firm intention to maintain the freedom of
religious worship."
The expression that follows is a remarkable one:
11 The empire of the law ends, where the undefined em-
pire of conscience begin*. Neither the law, nor the sov-
ereign can do anything against this freedom. Such are my
principles, and those of nature; and if any one of my race,
who may succeed me, should forget the oath X have taken,
and, deceived by the promptings of a fatee conscience,
should violate it, 1 devote him to public censure, and au-
thorize you to give him the name of Nero."
Mr. President, these are the words of a despotic
sovereign;—despotic he was by habit and by tem-
Cerament; but they are words of truth and wisdom,
y whomsoever spoken. They are astern rebuke
to those men—there are some of them in our coun-
try—who maintain that liberty of conscience is
the power to think, and that human governments
have the right to place themselves between man
and his Creator, and proscribe all forms of reli-
gious worship but those fixed on by themselves.
I again repeat, sir, that at an early day I shall
ask the Senate to consider the resolutions presented
by Mr. Underwood.
REPORTS PROM {STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of Samuel M. Clendenm, praying compensation
for services, as clerk to Lieutenant Ruggles, in
1840, submitted an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred thepetitionof James P. Heath,pray-
ing to be allowed pay as an aid to Governor
"Winder, commander-in-chief of the Maryland
militia, in the war of 1812, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill for the relief of Thomas T.
Russell, of Florida, asked to be diaehaiged from
its further consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands; which was agreed
to. .
Mr. "WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referied the bill from the House of
Representatives, for the relief of Lincoln Bates,
reported it back without amendment.
Mr. BRAINERD, from the Committee on
6
Claims, to whom was referred the hill from the
House of Representatives, for the relief of Polly
Carver, widow and executrix of Nathan Carver,
deceased, reported it back without amendment.
Mr. ALLEN,from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of Tebina Rawson,
reported it hack without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Parmelia Slavin, i
widow of John Blue, deceased, praying to be
allowed a pension, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill for her relief; which was read, and
passed to a second reading. The report was or-
dered to be printed.
CLERICS TO COMMITTEES.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, Tiiat the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be authorized to employ a clerk.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 ask the Senate to allow a clerk
to the Committee on Retrenchment. At the com-
mencement of the session, it was my intention
not to ask for a clerk to that committee at this
session; hut I find that I cannot discharge the
duties imposed on me by the rules as chairman
of that committee, and my other duties here,
without the aid of a clerk. I believe one to be
necessary for the business of the committee, and |
therefore I move that they have liberty to employ
a clerk for this session.
The motion was agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, asked and obtained
the unanimous consent of the Senate to introduce
a bill for the relief of Abel Jackson; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
INVALID PENSION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finmice to report hack, wiili an amend- j
ment, House bill making appropriations for the :
payment of invalid and other pensions of the
United States for the year ending June 30, 185G. '
This bill is strictly according; to estimates, and the
amendment of the committee is pursuant to a sup-
plemental estimate which has been sent in. 1 ask
that the bill may now be acted upon.
There being; no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
The amendment of the committee was to add
the following; scction:
Snc.O. Jind hp it furthi'r cnartcd, That any moneva
appropriated by the act of 31st of May, 18.r)4, to supply
deficiencies for the fiscal yoar ending the 30th of June,
lB.vt, apphenhie to the payment of pensions of invalids who
were wound-Hl on board private-anned vessels during the
last war with Oi eat Hritam, not required under the pro-
visions thereof, may If applied to the same purpose lor
the jcar ending Juno IK), 185o.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. i move to amend the bill
by adding the following:
And he it Jui ther <1 ctct!, That the widows of th c officers,
non-eoamnsMoned ofin-ers, marine?, or manner?, who
served in the Nnvy of the United States during thf> revolu-
tionary war, and who were married stnee the 1st day of
January, 1«Q0, >hall he entitled to pensions in the same ■
manner, and to the i-am^ extent, ad the widow* of oflieer*
and soldiei.-of the armv of the Revolution, under the second
section of the act of February 3, 18.7J; and the pensions
grunted hy lhn> jet, and those, under Paul second >-ection of
the aet ot February 3, shall commence on the 4th of i
Maieh, ltf iS
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to the Senator from
Maine, that perhaps this is a measure that had
better come from the appropriate committee—the
Committee on Tensions. They had better take
time, and coti&ider the matter, and report a bill.
Mr. CLAY. I will suggest to the Senator
from Maine, that there is a bill now before the
Senate providing for that class of persons; and I
propose shortly to call it, up for consideration.
Mr. HUNTER. I.think that would be the
better course to pursue. Let the matter lie over
for 1be present, and not put it upon this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that I
entirely understand the Senator from Alabama.
Do I understand that a bill has been reported pro-
viding for both these eases, and is now before the
Senate.'
Mr. CLAY. I think so. I think that will be
found to be the-case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If that be the case, 1
shall not press the amendment. I have offered
this to carry out a suggestion made by the Com-
missioner of Pensions at the last session; but if
the bill prepared by the Committee on Pensions
covers the cases, 1 will be willing to let the matter
rest, and let that bill be considered. Ifitdoesnot
cov?r them, I should like to have them added to
this bill, which 1 think is very appropriate for the
subject.
Mr. CLAY. I will state to the Senator from
Maine that the bill to which I allude was reported
in conformity with the recommendation of the
Commissioner of Pensions; and thus 1 have
reason to believe that it embraces exactly the
cases for which his amendment provides.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I withdraw the
amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate asamended,
the amendment was concurred in, and ordered to
be engrossed; and the hill was ordered to a third
reading. It was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN subsequently said: I wish
to move a reconsideration of the vote by which
the pension appropriation bill was passed. I will
state that I do it in consequence of having, ex-
amined the bill referred to by the Senator from
Alabama, and .having found that we were both in
error in reference to the character of it. It has
no reference to the particular purpose of my
amendment. I do this with the consent of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance. 1 shall
not press the consideration of the bill now. It
may lie over until to-morrow in order that the
matter may be looked into.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator ask
action upon the motion now'
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. STUART, (Mr. Hunter being out of hia
seat.) I suggest to the Senator from Maine that
he had better let the matter lie over until to-mor-
row, in order that the chairman of the committee
may be consulted with on the subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He does not object to
the motion.
Mr. HUNTER, (having returned.) I think it
is understood that it will lie over until to-morrow
to give me an opportunity to examine it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The motion or the bill?
Mr. HUNTER. The bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator has no ob-
jection to acting on the motion to reconsider?
Mr. HUNTER. Certainly not.
Tiie motion to reconsider was agreed to, and the
further consideration of the bill was postponed
until to-morrow.
BRIG COMO,
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin. The Committee
on Commerce, to whom was referred the bill from
the House of Representatives, to change the name
of the American-built brig Como to that of Je-
hossee, anil to grant her a new register, have
directed me to report it back, and recommend its
passage. I ask for its consideration at this time.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill.
Its object is to direct the collector of customs
at Charleston, South Carolina, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, to admit
to register, under the name of Jehossee, the Amer-
ican-built brig; Como, now owned by Hugh E.
Vincent and Daniel B. Vincent, of Charleston.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate, and ordered to a third
reading. It was read a third time, and passed.
LAND OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. STUART. I am requested to submit a
resolution to have additional numbers of the report
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office
printed for the use of that office;
