1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
city government. There will be, I doubt not,
some project to reorganize the judiciary here.
There is a project already pending before this
House for that purpose, when the question of the
powers of the judiciary will come up, and then
this amendment will properly be in order.
Mr. GIDDINGrS. 1 will suggest, if the Chair
please, that this bill provides for power to be
vested in the coiporation of this city for the estab-
lishment of an additional police for the mainte-
nance of order and for the protection of persons
and property. I would ask if there can be any-
thing more appropriate for the protection of per-
sons than to provide for their liberty?
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. JoNEb] has appealed from the decis-
ion of the Chair upon the ground that the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Giddincs] is notin order. The Chair, in deciding
that he would entertain the amendment submitted
by thegentleman from Ohio, overruled the point
of order that was made with reference to the point
of time at which the amendment was offered. He
made no ruling as to the subject-matter of the
amendment; but upon that point, as the question
is now raised by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] the Chair also rules the amendment
to be in order. From that decision the gentleman
from Tennessee appeals; and the question now is,
Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the committee?
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask the Chair
whether it would be in order for me, if I could get
the floor, to make a motion to take up a bill re-
forming the judiciary of the District; or, rather,
the general judiciary of the United States ? Could
1 call up, under the special order which the House
made a few days ago. a bill proposing a general
reformation of the judiciary system of the coun-
try, and, as a matter of course, reforming the
judiciary system of the Dislrict ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would decide
that the gentleman could not call up such a bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the Chair would decide
that to be out of order as a separate and inde-
pendent proposition, by what process can we bring
the same matter up in the nature of an amend-
ment. If the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Giddincs] is in order, it is equally
competent to bring m the entire judiciary of the
United States.
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion upon the point
of order raised by the gentleman from Tennessee
is not in order. The question now before the
committee is, Shall the decision of the Chair,
made upon a point of order, stand as the judgment
of the committee ?
Mr. KERR demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. ICi:rr and Mace were
appointed.
The question was taken; and there were—ayes
73, noes 60.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Chairman,! desire the
attention of the committee particularly to this
amendment, which has so often been defeated by
evasion in this Hall, but which, I trust, we are
now prepared to adopt. Tholaw,as it now stands
upon the statute-book of this District, authorizes
the arrest, imprisonment, and sale into shivery of
every man of color who shall be found in this
District, unless he prove his freedom. And, even
if he prove that he was born free, he is sold,
unless he can pay the costs and expenses of his im-
prisonment. This said law has long existed here.
On a former occasion, it was denied in this Hall
that such a law was in force. The Clerk of this
body was called upon to state the facts. He had
been a practicing lawyer for forty years m this
District, and he declared to this body that such
was the law; that it was in force, and had been
sustained since the District first came under our
jurisdiction.
The object of my amendment is distinctly to say
that all persons shall be free from arrest or im-
prisonment, unless charged with crime or offense,
ft is a law of equal rights, equal justice, dealing
out the same measure to all men and to all people
who shall be found in the District; securing to
each one the right of personal liberty, unless he
shall be charged with an offense or crime.
The question is one which goes home to every
man, to every heart. Its doctrine cannot be made
more obvious by argument, because it comes
within those " self-evident truths" which address
themselves to the understanding of every individ-
ual. Now, 1 wish to say to the country, that this
district is controlled by the laws of Congress; that
it is under our exclusive jurisdiction. That we, the
members of Congress, deal out oppression, in-
justice, and crime, to the people here; that that
measure of justice which we, the Congress of the
United States, deal out, is enjoyed by the people
of this District and no more; that it is by virtue
of our laws that freemen are here seized, impris-
oned, and here sold, for the jail fees, into perpetual
bondage. It is by virtue of those laws, that all
those outrages upon the liberties and rights of
mankind are perpetrated.
My proposition is to repeal and set aside every
law which would involveany freemaninto slavery,
and to prevent the imprisonment of any person,
unless charged with crime or offense. I wish to
say to the committee, that all I ask is a definite
expression of the opinion of the House. Let
every member feel that he is giving his vote upon
a question of great importance to the colored pop-
ulation of this District, and let each give his vote
according to the dictates of that sense of justice
which God has given him. I hope gentlemen who
have objection to this proposition, will come up
to it fairly and explicitly, and say to the country
that we ought not to protect the liberties of those
who depend upon our legislation for the degree of
liberty which they enjoy.
Mr. HAMILTON. It is not my purpose to
say a word in reply to the gentleman from Ohio.
I desire to have the vote taken upon his amend-
ment immediately, as every gentleman fully un-
derstands tlie question. 1 hope the committee
are prepared to vote upon the amendment without
argument.
The question being upon the pending amend-
ment,
Mr. PRINGLE demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Mace and Boyce were
appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported thirty-five in the affirmative; not a ma-
jority of a quorum.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
No further amendments being offered to the bill,
it was laid aside to be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
WASHINGTON GAS-UGIIT COMPANY.
The next bill which came up for consideration
was House bill (No. 357) authorizing the Wash-
ington Gas-Light Company to increase the capital
stock of said company.
The bill was read in externa, and authorizes the
company to increase their capital stock to $150,000
in shares of twenty dollars each, subscribed on
the books of the company; ana subjecting the
holders of said stock to the same liability as is
provided in the original act of incorporation in
1848.
No amendments being offered, on motion of
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, the bill was laid aside
to be reported lo the House, with a recommenda-
tion that the same do pass.
RAILWAY COMPANY.
The next bill which came lip for consideration
was House bill (No. 430) to incorporate the
Washington and Georgetown Railway Company
in the District of Columbia.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that that bill be
laid aside informally for tlie present.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
laid aside.
MUTUAL FIRE INSURANCE COMrANY.
The next bill which came up in order for con-
sideration was a bill (H. R. 507) to incorporate
the Mutual I''ire Insurance Company of the Dis-
trict of (Columbia.
The bill was read in extenso.
By unanimous consent, the reading of the bill
by sections for amendment was dispensed with.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. In lieu of the
third section which is as follows:
Sec. 3- Jind be itjurther enacted, That the capital stock
of this company shall consist of the cash paid in as interest
on the premium note*? hereinafter mentioned, which ca^h
shall never exceed §"20,000; aJ^o, the premium notes given
by tlie insured. Said notes shall be payable on demand,
and shall constitute and be a lien to the amount thereof,
respectively, in the nature of a judgment, waiving the right
of inquisition upon all buildings insured by said company,
together with the right to and interest of the assured to the
land on which they stand, and upon the other property
lnburedhy said companym consideration thereof: Provided,
That said company shall file, in the proper office for record-
ing judgments and mortgages, a memorandum of "the name
of the individual insured, a description of the property, and
the amount of the deposit note unpaid; and the same,
when so entered, shall be deemed and taken to be in all
respects as a judgment entered upon confession by virtue
of a warrant of attorney, and execution may at any time be
had thereon for so much as, by virtue of the provisions of
tins act, may be due and demandable ; but the lien thereof
shall commence with the filing of the memorandum in the
proper office : Provided, That such lien shall not be con-
strued to take from such person insured as aforesaid the
privilege of a freeholder—
I move the insertion of these words:
Skc. 3. JJnd be it further enacted, That the capital stock
of this company shall consist of the premium notes given
by the insured, and of the cash paid m as interest on said
premium notes, which cash shall never exceed $20,000.
Said notes shallbe payable on demand, and shall constitute
and be a lien to the amount thereof, respectively, upon all
buildings insured by saul company, and the land upon which
they stand, and the appuitcnances to such land, and upon
the estate and interest, legal or equitable, of the assured in
such buildings, lands, and appurtenances, and upon the
other property insured by said company in consideration
thereof: Provided, That said company shall file, m the
oflice of the clcrk of the circuit court of the District of
Columbia, a memorandum of the name of the individual
insured, a description of the property, and the amount of
the premium note unpaid; and the said note, upon the
filing of said memoiandum, shall be deemed and taken to
be in ail respects as a judgment entered upon confession by
virtue of a warrant of attorney, and execution may at any
tunc be hud thereon for so much as, by virtue of the pro-
visions of this act, may be due and demandable ; but the
hen thereof shall commence with the filing of the memo-
randum in the said oihee : Provided, That such lien shall
not be construed to take from such person insured as afore-
said the privilege of a freeholder.
Mr. TAYLOR. The amendment is substan-
tially the same as the section of the bill for which
it is a substitute. It is, however, improved in
phraseology, and more distinctly expresses the
object of the act. I repeat, that it does not differ
in a single particular from the substance of the
original section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR. If there be no further amend-
ments, I move that the bill be laid aside to be
reported to the House.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to ask some member
of the committee which reported this bill, one or
two questions. 1 little expected, when I camehere,
to find this common nuisance, which has been
found to be intolerable nearly all over the country,
about to be incorporated and centralized here at
the seat of Government. Now, I want to know,
in rejrard to the second section, whether it is
intended to be confined in its operation to property-
located in the District of Columbia, or whether
their powers of insuring are to go to all the States
m the Union—into Canada and everywhere else ?
Mr. TAYLOR. I cannot answer the gentle-
man with any degree of certainty. It is my
impression, however, that the design is, that the
bill shall apply exclusively to property located in
the District of Columbia.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then I would suggest to
the gentleman that it would be better to have a
clause inserted, restricting the operation of the
second section to property situated in the District
of Columbia. Unless this is done, these mutual
insurances will expand until they will embrace
property in every part of the United States and
m Canada. Wow, sir, I know that in Canada
the notes of these companies cannot be collected.
The courts have so decided. They have decided
them to be illegal. And, sir, I, for one, am not
willing to authorize the incorporation of such a
humbug institution to be expanded until it embrace
all the country in its operation, under the credit
of the city of Washington, authorized by an act
of Congress. If it is confined to the District
of Columbia, the agents will not undertake to
organize branches outside of the District.
Then, under the third section, if I properly
understand it, it will be perfectly impracticable to
collect any insurance out of the jurisdiction of the
District. For instance, in the State of Virginia
it could not be colleted without an expensive law
suit, and I doubt whether it could be done at all.
Mr. TAYLOR. Of course it could not be
done.
Mr. SIMMONS. Then why not confine the
operation of the act expressly to the District of
Columbia ?
Mr. TAYLOR. The presumption is that the
bill is designed to apply only to the District of
