88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
Columbia. I have no objection to the amendment
indicated by thegentleman from New York; bull
will say, however, that I do not know whether
such an*amendment will meet the wishes of those
who desire this incorporation.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 have an amendment
which I think will meet the wishes of the gentle-
man from New; York, which I offer, to come in at
the end of the third section. I move the following:
Provided further, That the privileges, immunities, and
franchises granted by this act, shall be confined to the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The amendment was adopted.
The bill now having been read through for
amendment, was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
SUPPRESSION OP SMALL NOTES.
Senate bill (No. 1.6) to suppress the circulation
of small notes as a currency in the District of
Colombia, coming up next in order upon the Cal-
endar, was read in externa by the Clerk.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
sections for amendment.
The Committee for the District of Columbia
reported an amendment to the first section, to in-
sert therein the words—
—"or of the amount of five dollars and upwards, payable
or redeemable in bank or other notes, or any other thing
except gold and silver."
So as to make it read:
That if any person or persons, body-politic or corporate
within the1 District of Columbia, shall make, emit, issue,
utter, sign, draw, or indorse any bank note, promissory
note, or any instrument of writing, for the payment or de-
livery of money,or other valuablething, or of anvtliingpur-
porting to be a valuable thin?, of a less amount tbau five
dollars, or of the amount of five dollars ami upwards, pay-
able or redeemable m bank or other notes, or any other tiling
except gold or silver, &e.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not know that I have any
idea of what is the object of the committee in this
amendment, and I should like to hear a few words
, of explanation in relation to it from the chairman
of the committee. If the object of this bill is to
prohibit individuals or corporations from circula-
ting their^promises to pay, no matter whether it
be in bills or in gold and silver, then this amend-
ment ought not to be in. But if it be simply to
allow any corporation or individual to issue their
paper, which shall circulate as currency in this
District, why, this amendment seems to be well
enough. I suppose, however, that it was the in-
tention of the committee to prohibit, as far as they
were able, the circulation of promises to pay,
whether those promises were payable in other
notes, or promises in produce, in merchandise, or
in gold and silver.
Mr. HAMILTON. That was our object.
Mr. HAVEN. If that be so then 1 submit to
thegentleman that he had better reconsider the
language of this section, for the only prohibition
in it now is against issuing bills that are payable
in other bills. 1 will read it:
" That if any person or persons, body-politic or corporate,
within the District of Columbia, shall make, emit, issue,
utter, sign, draw, or indorse any bank note, ptombsory
note, or any instrument of writing, for the payment or de-
livery of money, or other valuablething, or ol anything pur-
porting to be a valuable thing, of a less amount than five
dollars, or of the amountof five dollars and upwards, paya-
ble or redeemable in bank or other notes, or any other thing
except gold or silver," &c.
Now, suppose they issue notes payable in gold
and silver, do the committee mean to allow that?
Is that the object they have in view?
Mr.HAMILTON. In reply to the gentleman,
I will only state, that there is a very serious dif-
ficulty existing in reference to the suppression of
all kinds of notes in this District. To talk about
suppressing ihe circulation of all notes of the de-
nomination of five dollars and upwards, is simply
preposterous, because individuals from all parts
of the Union come here, and nearly all the States
of the Union, with but few exceptions, authorize
the issue of notes of the denomination of five dol-
lars and upwards. There are, also, in this city
four or five banks, once incorporated, although
no® their charters have expired, which do issue
such notes. Now, if we enter into a controversy
with reference to these institutions, we shall be
involved in difficulty, and our great object—the
suppression of notes under the denomination of
five dollars—will be lost.
1 am not too favorably disposed to banks, or a
banking system. It would be my policy—if that
were possible—to suppress all kinds of notes in
this District; but it is impracticable, and 1 there-
fore desire to suppress the most mischievous.
In regard to the other class of issue—that of the
denomination of five dollars and upwards, payable
in other bank notes—it is our earnest desire to
suppress it.
One of these concerns—issuing notes of this
description—has since blown up. The bill was
peculiarly directed to that institution, for issuing
and circulating such notes. We did not desire to
strike at all kinds of banks. We were well aware
of the controversy which must arise in this body
and in the Senate, if we did; but we desired to
strike first at this mischievous small-note circula-
tion, which has so much injured the community,
and is so pestiferous a currency.
Mr. H AVEN. Will the gentleman from Mary-
land allow me for one moment?
Mr. HAMILTON. Certainly.
Mr. HAVEN. The object which I have in
view, is to call the gentleman's attention to the
fact, that if it were his intention to effect what he
proclaims he wished to effect, he has entirely
failed to attain his object; for this bill does not
prohibit the circulation or issue of small notes,
whether under five dollars or over five, except
such notes as are payable in a particular manner.
It contains nothing to prohibit the issue or circu-
lation of small notes for which specie is to be paid.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not propose to under-
take to correct this, but I merely wish to call the
gentleman's attention to it.
Mr. HAMILTON. .If thegentleman will ex-
cuse me, I will read the words of the bill:
—" or ofanytliing purporting to be a valuable thing, of a Jess
amount than five dollars, or of the amount of live dollars or
upwards, payable or redeemable in bank or other notes, or
any other thing except gold or silver."
Mr. HAVEN. Yes; when they are payable
or redeemable in this way, their issue will be legal.
But when small bills or large bills are declared to
be payable by notes of other banks, they will be
illegal; but I suppose that both of them may be
made payable. But I wish to show further—and
I think this is a fair implication from the bill—
that it allows individuals to issue their shin-
plasters to any amount they desire. I do not
purpose to undertake to correct the bill, I only
purpose to call the gentleman's attention to it, and
simply to say, that unless there be some radical
change made in one or two sections of the bill, I
cannot vote for it.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I have a
remonstrance here from some of the citizens of
Washington, which I desire to have read to the
committee before I proceed to say anything on the
subject of this bill.
The Clerk accordingly read the following re-
monstrance:
Washington, January 9,1853,
To Hon. Fayette McMullxn,
House of Representatives, Z>. C. .*
We, a portion of the business men of this District, having
heard that there is being an offott made to suppress the cir-
culation of small notes of less denomination than five dol-
lars, in this District, earnestly request that no such laws
may be enacted. In the States of Virginia, Maryland, and
Pennsylvania, each have laws prohibiting the circulation
of notes of a less denomination than five dollars, which
laws are not regarded m the least degree. We cannot dis-
criminate or conceive the difference between a five dollar
note and five one dollar notes, if both are upon the same
basis. Further, one dollar notes are a matter of great con-
venience in making change, and we find in the majority of
cases persons generally pretersmall notes, if they are good,
to one dollar gold pieces. We would came&rly ask, if
there be any clunge in our hanking Jaws, that we have a
law similar to the States of New Yoik or Indiana,to wit:
a free banking sj&tcm, free and open to all who can give
th« proper security. We think it would be a hard case for
strangers coming to the Metropolis of the nation not to be
allowed the privilege of passing their money here, which
is good and lawful currency in the States m which they
reside. We further Hunk that this District andeiryshould
be exempt from such stringent laws, as it is the center of
attraction for citizens iiom all parts of our great Republic,
and should b<* ttie fieest and most lenient place in its laws
m the United States.
II. W. Latham,
Linton & Tweedy,
C. <). Wall,
Wm. S. Richardson,
James J. Miller,
G. Wm. Yerby,
George W. Cochran,
Joseph Radchff,
James Williams,
William Ballantyne,
A. Gray,
R. R. Gurley,
Franci* Mattmgly,
John Ridley,
G. M. Wright,
E. E. White &. Co.,
William M. Cripps,
P. Bartlett Orem,
B. i\ Paige,
W. II, Stevens,
H. T. Loudon & Co.,
Marshall Brown,
Hall & Brother,
E. D. Etchwon,
DR. Wall,
B. W, Caster,
John Waller,
James L. White,
P. J. Steer,
Edward Steer,
Thomas G. Warreij,
S. p. Hoover,
S. C. Mills,
G. T. Gibson,
A. Itoop,
James Davis,
E. Edmonaton,
J. R. Harbaugh,
Charles Kiamann,
3. W. Clements,
H. C. Harrover,
Hugh Cameron,
J. S. Barbour, jr.,
J. W. Kays,
Fitzhugh Covle,
C.G. Wildman,
White & Sons,
W. G. W. White,
Jesse B. Wilson,
J. M. Harry,
C. G. Klopfer,
Thomas C. Wheeler,
Charles Werner,
J. D. EarJe,
W.H. Gilman,
W. W.Baldwin,
Edward Hall,
W. M. Shuster & Co.,
Erastua S. Tate,
Shekell 8c Baily,
Yerby, Tebbs & Yerby.
Mr. McMULLIN. That paper, as you will
have perceived, is numerously signed by the most
influential business men of the city of Washing-
ton. I beg to say, in the outset, that I am myself
opposed to this small-note currency, whether in
the District of Columbia or in any of the States.
But, sir, I desire to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the present state of affairs in this coun-
try. There are, perhaps, four fifths or nine tenths
of the States of the Union which are allowed to
have in circulation notes below the denomina-
tion of five dollars. My own State of Virginia
has prohibited, by one of the most rigorous legis-
lative enactments that I have seen enacted in any
State, the circulation of notes of a less denomina-
tion than live dollars; and yet that State has been
wholly unable to enforce the law in my own dis-
trict. Sir, I doubt very much the policy of this
bill. I ask gentlemen on thiB floor who represent
States recognizing the issue of small notes of a
less value than five dollars, whether they are
not in the habit of receiving or sending, almost
daily, small notes for the purpose of paying news-
paper subscriptions and other matters ? 1 doubt
very much the policy of the measure at this par-
ticular period.
I need not tell you, Mr. Chairman, nor the
members of this committee, that, for the last four
or five years, specie has been drawn from the
country to an enormous amount. The demand of
Europe for specie has been such that immense
quantities have been purchased up and sent
abroad. Under the late coinage law, passed at
the last Congress, we find that specie has been re-
coined, and the country will shortly be supplied
with small specie for circulation; but now, m the
absence of a sufficiency of specie to supply the
country with small change, I doubt very much-
opposed as I am in principle to the small-note cir-
culation—the policy and the justice of the House
at this moment passing this bill to prohibit small-
note circulation. This District—as is shown by
the remonstrance that has been read—is opposed
to the passage of this law. And, if the most in-
fluential business men of the District of Columbia
are remonstrating against the passage of this law,
J aak whether we have a right to insist on pass-
ing it? Congress is the local legislature of this
District, and should lend attention to the remon-
strances of its citizens, if gentlemen will take
the trouble to look at this remonstrance they will
find a vast number of names subscribed to it—
names of the wealthiest and most extensive busi-
ness men in the District of Columbia.
Sir, 1 have myself, at this session of Congress,
and at preceding sessions, paid out small bills;
and I ask, is it the purpose of the committee, by
this bill, to make that act culpable, and to make
me guilty of a violation of the law? Therefore,
I ask gentlemen to look at this matter carefully,
and not act hastily upon it. It strikes me, if we
were to pass such a bill at all, thatit ought not to
be at this particular period, when the financial
condition of the whole country is so very much
embarrassed. After the passage of the law sup-
pressing the circulation of small notes in my State,
we still received them, notwithstanding the law
was a most rigorous one. In my district a pre-
sentment was made before the grand jury tohring
the offenders of the law before the court, but they
have not been able to enforce a law so clearly
against public sentiment and public opinion.
Mr. CASKIE. Opposed, as I am, to the circu-
lation of small notes everywhere, I do not design
to discuss the question; because I am sure the mind
of every man here is made up on the subject. I
rise at this time merely because of an assertion as
to my own State, contained in the remonstrance
just read, and some remarks of my colleague who
presented it. It is stated in that remonstrance that
