1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
the law of Virginia for the effectual suppression
of small notes is not in the least regarded; and my
colleague seems, to some extent, at any rate, to
concur in the statement. I wish to inform the
committee that, so far as my district is concerned,
and so far as my knowledge of the State extends,
the law to which I have alluded has acted like a
charm. It has be^en universally regarded from the
very beginning of its operation. It has entirely
banished the small-note currency that we had
before from our midst, and substituted gold and
silver instead. It has gone into effectual operation
without the least disturbance or difficulty. It
gives universal satisfaction, and I do not believe
that, within the limits of the State, there is a man
who would return to the system of small notes.
Mr. McMULLIN. My colleague may be right
so far as his district is concerned, but so far asmy
district is concerned, I say that he 13 laboring
under an egregious error.
Mr. OASKIE. 1 do not know about the dis-
trict of my colleague, but I speak of my own, and
for the State, so far as my knowledge of it ex-
tends.
Mr. McMULLIN. It is well known to my
colleague, as it is to all my colleagues, that the
district which I have the honor to represent is
bounded upon the south by Tennessee and North
Carolina, and upon the north by Kentucky. In
each of these States they issue small notes, and
the people in the district of country bordering
upon those States have been compelled to receive
small notes. 1 heard a judge there giving a charge
to the grand jury for the enforcement of this lavv,
and 1 tell the committee, as I do my colleague,
according to my recollection, that the first pre-
sentment had not yet been made in that district.
Mr. CASK1E. 1 say to my colleague that, so
far as I know, there never has been a necessity
for any presentment. I never knew of any small
notes being offered in my part of the State after
the law went mto operation.
Mr. HAMILTON. Did I understand the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. McMullin] as saying
that the circulation of small notes was now allowed
in Maryland ?
Mr. McMULLIN. No; butthe remonstrance
I presented makes that statement.
Mr. HAMILTON. The law that we have in
Maryland for the suppression of the small note
circulation is most effectually carried out. it has
driven small notes entirely out of circulation, and
we hardly see a one dollar note there now. For
common, ordinary purposes, we have nothing but
gold and silver.
Mr. McMULLIN. I can well imagine that it
is perfectly competent with the constituents of my
colleague to rewoit to a specie circuhition, where
they have various banks located in the city of
Richmond to which they can go. But sucli is
not the condition of things in the rural dismcts,
and especially in my district, i repeat, there has
not been a day since i returned home from the
Beat of Government that I have not seen small
notes in circulation. When 1 first returned I
refused to take them. 1 did not, hy so doing,
intend to violate the law; but finding out the real
state of things, I fell into the same habit with
others in passing these notes. They are put into
circulation every day in tliat portion of Virginia;
and so long as the various States which lie contigu-
ous to that section of the State issue small notes,
you cannot enforce the law for their suppression.
You cannot enforcc such a law when public
opinion is decidedly against it. 1 repeat here,
that I am opposed to the circulation of small notes,
but you cannot enforce such a law agsmst public
opinion.
Mr. FLORENCE. It seems to me that it is
almost unnecessary to say a word upon this ques-
tion, or to reply to the remarks of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. McMullin,] for it is one
that appeals so directly to the common sense of
every man in this House, as to require no argu-
ment in its favor. In Pennsylvania, where we
had a circulation of small notes precisefy the same
as referred to by the gentleman from the Richmond
district, [Mr. Caskie,] the specie circulation has
taken the place of small notes, and the people are
entirely satisfied with the change. I do not know
of a locality in the whole State of Pennsylvania
that is not entirely satisfied with the abolition of
the small-note circulation.
The gentleman from Vnginia [Mr. McMullin]
says that we cannot dispense with these small
notes. He gets his per diem in specie; the em-
ployees of the Government are all paid in specie,
and I do not know why he or they should receive
bank notes, or r.otcs of a smaller amount than five
dollars, in exchange for specie.
Mr. McMULLIN. The gentleman must sup-
pose that I do not receive money from any other
source than the District of Columbia, it is at
home, in my district, that I am obliged to take
small notes.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well. I have no idea
where the gentleman gets his money; and it is
none of my business where he receives it. It is
none of his business where I receive mine, so he
occupies the same position that I do in that respect.
I am speaking of the experience as to the working
of the lav/ in Pennsylvania, and the beneficial
effect the abolition of the small-note currency and
the introduction of specie have had there. Fur-
ther than that, it protects the laboring classes from
immense loss, that they would otherwise sustain,
if the circulation of small notes was allowed.
Look at the expeiience of the District of Colum-
bia in this matter, in the so-called institutions
which made up and circulated this small-note cur-
rency. I would call the attention of the committee
to this fact, that you find signed to this very peti-
tion presented by the gentleman from Virginia,
the name which has become somewhat notorious—.
that of R. W. Latham. I mean notorious from
his associations with an institution which has re-
cently exploded. It is to remedy the evil resulting
from institutions of this character, that the chair-
man of the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia has introduced this bill. I am opposed, I may
say here, to legislation upon the subject of banks
in the District of Columbia at all. I deny the right
of this Congress to establish any banking institu-
tions, or countenance, by any act, the establish-
ment of such institutions here; but the question of
expediency made by gentlemen who have partici-
pated in this debate, that we should rid ourselves
of a nuisance in the shape of banking acts, may
be a reason why we should begin a reform now
to be accomplished at some future time.
Somebody hands me this note, [holding up a
slip of paper:] " Ask thegentleman from Virginia
what the Democratic sentiment of his State is
upon the subject, and that will bring the question
down to a 'question of principle," [laughter,]
which I am not prepared to discuss, [laughter,] for
the reason that, perhaps, the time which would
be employed upon this subject might be more valu-
ably employed than in the discussion of a subject
which everybody understands.
Further than that, it is said that the locality of
the institution, with the notes of which the notes
of Selden, Withers & Co., were redeemed, is in
the district represented by my friend from Virginia,
[Mr. McMtiu.ra.] I know nothing about the char-
acter of that institution, but the mere fact of its
location has been suggested to me.
Mr. McMULLIN, (interrupting.) If the gen-
tleman will allow me, I will respond to his in-
quiries. I answer the gentleman's first interroga-
tory with great pleasure. It is true that, in Vir-
ginia, as in all other Democratic States in the
Union, the Democratic doctrine has been to recog-
nize no currency below the denomination of five
dollars. 1 am with thegentleman upon that ques-
tion; but I expressly stated that I doubted very
much the propriety of adopting this law at this
particular time.
I desire, too, to respond to the last interroga-
tory of the gentleman. It is true that the Trans-
Alleghany bank is located 111 the district 1 have the
honor to represent; and 1 ask the gentleman if he,
or any of his constituents, or any other gentleman
upon this floor, or their constituents, have ever
presented a dollar upon that bank but what has ij
been paid ? j
Mr. FLORENCE. Certainly not.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then, why should the
gentleman lug in that bank here? I tell that gen-
tleman, and this House, that whenever they pre-
sent a note of that bank at its counter, and it is
not paid, you will see repudiated the bonds of the
Commonwealth of Virginia, and that as long as
the Commonwealth of Virginia is good, that bank
will he good.
Mr. FLORENCE. I would say to the gentle-
man that 1 intended no reflection, by my remarks,
upon the character of that institution; but what I
said of it was incidentally drawn out by its con-
nection with the institution of Selden, Withers &
Co. I am glad to hear the gentleman vindicate
the character of that institution. My only desire
is to protect the working classes of this District, if I
can, against the losses which they sustain by these
shin-plaster shops of this District, as well as all
others into whose hands these small notes fall. It
can best be done by this bill, and that is the rea-
son why I have occupied so much of the time of
this committee upon this question.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 propose to substitute an
amendment in the place of the one submitted by
the committee, and which, I think, will obviate
the objection of my colleague from New York,
[Mr. Haven,] and at the same time will accom-
plish precisely what the committee meant to ac-
complish by their amendment. Instead of the
language of the committee, which is, "or of the
amount of five dollars and upwards, payable or
redeemable in bank or other notes, or any other
thing except gold or silver," I move to insert
these words in lieu thereof, " or of any other
amount, if such other amount is payable or re-
deemable in anything but gold or silver."
Mr. HAMILTON. I accept the amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. Is an amendment to the
amendment now in order?
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment to an
amendment is already pending.
Mr. LETCHER. The amendment which I
desire to propose would come in at a part of the
section before that to which the amendmeutof the
gentleman from New York applies.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair will enter-
tain it now.
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to insert in the
eighth line, after the word " dollars," the words
" however redeemable," theeffectof which would
be to prohibit the issuing of notes of a less amount
than five dollarn however redeemable.
1 desire to say a word or two upon this subject,
particularly as my two colleagues from Virginia
have got interested in this discussion. I am op-
posed to shin-plasters 
A Voice. Bhstor-plasters.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, shin-plasters, blister-
plasters, and almost every species of plasters, but
especially these shin-plasters. 1 have been some-
what surprised to hear of the experience of my
friend from the southwest district of Virginia
[Mr. McMotus] upon this subject. I know the
times are sadly out of joint, but it never occurred
to my mind that my friend would be in favor of
small notes, and advocate it upon this floor or any
where else, and, least of all, did I expect that he
would come in here with this public memorial by
the way of sustaining his position. Now, sir,
here is a memorial which bears date "Washing-
ton, January 9, 1853." The thing has kept re-
markably well, to be sure, while the banker who
drew it up, has gone the way cf all things perish-
able. This memorial is headed with the name of
" It. W. Latham," and I imagine the House has-
some distinct recollection—and my friend over the
way [Mr. McMulun] may also have some dis-
tinct recollection—of an institution under the title
of "The Exchange Bank." That institution
commenced with the issue of small notes, and the
issue was kept up by others, and the State of Vir-
ginia was driven to the necessity of passing a law
expelling such notes from its borders.
Mr. McMULLIN, (interrupting.) I beg the
gentleman to rememberthat this very bill, against
which that remonstrance was got up, was prepared
at the last session of Congress, and that the re-
monstrance was handed to me with the request
that I should present it to the House. And I beg
my colleague to remember, too, that I have not
changed my views in reference to the impropriety
of the issuing of a small-note circulation. I trust,
therefore, my colleague will not repeat it. I stated,
however, that I doubted the propriety of the pas-
sage of this bill at this particular time.
Mr. LETCHER. If this memorial, which
was gotten up a year ago, were attempted to be
gotten up now, does the gentleman think it prob-
able that it would get the same signatures as
those which mark its face at this moment? I
should like to know if this memorial were to be cir-
culated to-day, whether those who did sign it would
now follow in the wake of a dead president and
a dfead bank, 01' would have been willing, when
that institution has failed under his nose, and
