88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
■when itien are losing by the bills of that institu-
tion—gotten up and sustained for a season by
email notes—would come up and indorse an insti-
tution which had produced injury to the public?
Mr. McMULLIN, (interrupting.) Does my
colleague mean to say that I indorsed the institu-
tion?
- Mr. LETCHER. I did not mean to say that;
but I meant to say that those who signed this
paper in 1853, in all probability, would not have
presented any such remonstrance in 1854, when
that bank had failed, and that they would not now
sign it.
Mr. McMULLIN. I was charged with this
remonstrance, and requested to present it to the
House. Is it not the duty of every member upon
this floor, whenever a remonstrance or a petition
is placed in his hands, to present it upon this
floor? Ho man knows better than my colleague
does, what are the duties of a member here. If 1
have done more than thg.t, I am responsible, not
to my colleague, but to my constituents. Iam
not involved in the misfortunes of that institution,
nor am I to preach a funeral discourse of any of
the gentlemen who have been connected with it.
Mr. LETCHER. Why does not my colleague
look at the date of this thing, and see when it was
gotten up? Suppose, under his construction,
they had come here with a memorial got up five
or six years ago, when these small notes were
started, would he have felt that it was his duty to
have presented it under these circumstances, with-
out ascertaining what was the present sentiment
of the District in regard to the same subject?
Wow, sir, the fact that they have sent no remon-
strance in here against the suppression of small
notes dated within this year, affords pregnant
proof to this committee that the people of this
District have borne as long as they can bear, and
that they are not now willing to come forward and
indorse institutions, or sustain principles, that
they might have approved a year or more ago.
Mr. Chairman, I hold that all of these things
ought to be put down; that they operate as a
cheat, as a fraud upon that portion of the com-
munity who are least able to bear it; that portion
of the community who have the least knowledge
of the availability, or of the value of bank paper.
And in our legislation here, so far as we legis-
late for this District, we ought to take particular
care, where we can do so, to protect this class of
the community who are, in a great measure, un-
protected under this banking system. I want it
so that there can be no notes of a less denomina-
tion than five dollars issued here. And I want it
as a protection to my own State as well as to
this District. I know how these shin-plasters were
put into circulation here a few years ago; how
they got currency in the States of Virginia, Indi-
ana, and everywhere else. They were sent out
to agents located in the various towns of Virginia,
and a commission paid to those agents to put them
into circulation among the people of the country.
And when "The Bank of the Union" exploded
here, when various other of these institutions went
down, the farmers and the mechanics throughout
the country had the paper, but the agents who put
them into circulation had relieved their hands of
them, and were not, to any extent, the sufferers.
We had to meet this thing in my county; and we
did meet it fairly and squarely. A law passed
by the Legislature of Virginia has been enforced,
and is enforced to this very day.
Mr. HAMILTON. Mr. Chairman, I do not
believe that there is any desire m this body to
avoid meeting the question presented to it. The
mind of members and the voice of the people of
the country are against the issue of these sraall
notes, and I do not see the necessity for any elab-
orate indication of the movement for their sup-
pression. It is my hope that we shall now pro-
ceed to the perfecting of the details of the bill, and
then, if it meet with the approbation of a majority
of the committee, to report it to the House, with
the recommendation that it do pass. But three
days have been set apart for the consideration of
business relating to this District. There are many
important bills which have not yet come before
us; and I appeal to the gentleman from Virginia
to let us proceed to vote on the amendments. The
people of his State are correct in their principles,
as a general thing, and if anything is wrong, I
have no doubt it will be rectified. Without at all
impugning the judgment of my honorable friend
from Virginia, [Mr. McMmtis,] I will say, that
I think they will remedy their own matter in their
own proper way.
Mr. GOODE. They have already applied the
remedy.
Mr. HAMILTON. With a view to avoid all
misconstruction I have adopted the amendment of
the gentleman from New York. I have done so,
not because 1 thought the amendment was neces-
sary, but for the satisfaction of members who
were of a different opinion.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment immedi-
ately under consideration is that which has been
proposed by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
LETCHER 1
Mr. HAMILTON. I understand that the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia is
pro forma.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; there is no pro
forma about it.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Yirginiamay accomplish what the
gentleman from Maryland desires.
Mr. HAMILTON. I did not hear it read.
Perhaps it may.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to modify my amend-
ment so that, if it be adopted, the section will read
as follows:
" That if any person or persons, body-politic or corporate,
within the District of Columbia, shall make, emit, issue,
utter, sign, draw, or indorse any bank note, promissory note,
bill, check, draft, or any instrument of writing, for the pay-
ment or delivery of money, or other valuable thing, or of
anything purporting to be a valuable thing, or of anything in
the form or similitude of paper money, of a lea* amount than
five dollars, however redeemable, or of the amount of five
dollars and upwards, payable or redeemable in bank or
other notes, or any other thing except gold or silver, to be
used as a paper currency, or as a circulating medium, either
as money, or in heu of money, or any other currency," &c.
I want to cover everything in the shape or simil-
itude of paper money.
Mr. HAMILTON. The words " instruments
of writing " are already in the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. But there are also instru-
ments of printing.
Mr. HAMILTON. I have no objection to the
gentleman's amendment.
The question was then taken; and Mr. Letch-
er's amendment was adopted; there being, on a
division, ayes seventy-two, noes not counted.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now recurs
on the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Haven.]
Mr. HAMILTON. I accept the gentleman's
amendment as a modification.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
accept the amendment, for the amendment to
which it is proposed is one made by the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think that the
object the House has in view will best be obtained
by rejecting both the amendments proposed by
the Committee for the District of Columbia, and
that proposed by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Ha vex,] and then to strike out of the eighth
line the words, " of a less amount than five dol-
lars." The clause will then read:
" That if any person or persons, body-politic or corpo-
rate, wijlrni the District of Columbia, shall make, emit,
issue, ufter, sign, draw, or indorse any bank note, promis-
sory note, or any instrument of writing, for the payment or
delivery of money, or other valuable thing, or anyihing pur-
porting to be a valuable thing, to be used as a paper currency,
or as a circulating medium, either as money, or m lieu ot
moiiey, or any oilier curiency," &c.
Now, sir, what were the provisions of that sec-
tion as it came from the Senate? It was to pre-
vent and suppress the issuance and the putting
into circulation in this District, of all notes and
paper intended to pass as such, below the denom-
ination of five dollars. The Committee for the
District of Columbia propose to prevent the issu-
ance in this city of all notes above that denomina-
tion which shall be payable in anything other
than gold and silver.
Now, if you will reject the two amendments I
have indicated, and then strike out in the eighth
line of the first section the words " of a less
amount than five dollars," you will then prevent
and suppress the issuance of all paper of every
denomination intended to be circulated as money
within this District. That, sir,istheobject which
I, for one, wish to attain. In doing that, we are
not altering the laws of the District. We are not
prohibiting any corporationoranybodyin the Dis-
trict from the exercise of any right which they now
have. There is not now, and has not been for
several years, any corporate authority, or any indi-
vidual authority, in the District, to issue any cir-
culating medium intended to passasmoney of any
denomination whatever, payable either in gold and
silver, or anything else, m any amount whatever.
Sir, it is within my recollection, that there were
banks within the District of Columbia incorporated
by Congress. Preceding the expiration of their
charters they came here and asked to have them
renewed. Congress refused to renew them, and
required them to wind up their business within a
given period, and, at the same time, giving them
power to make collections and to wind up their
concerns. But, instead of carrying out the law as
it was intended, I understand they transferred
their assets into the hands of trustees for the
benefit of the stockholders, and those trustees,
without any corporate authority whatever, have
gone on and issued notes, and put them in circu-
lation in the District.
Mr. Chairman, if this statement is correct, the
conduct of these men has been wrong. They
should not be permitted to issue notes of a less
denomination than five dollars, nor of a greater
denomination, in violation of law. Sir, if you
will reject these pending amendments, and strike
out the words I have indicated in the first section,
you will effect the object which I think should be
attained, that is, to prevent and to suppress the
issuance and circulation of notes of every denom-
ination, within the limits of the District.
That is the first section. The second, as it came
from the Senate, provides for suppressing the circu-
lation of all paper currency of a less denomination
than five dollars. This, the Committee for the
District of Columbia propose to amend, by insert-
ing the words "or of the denomination or amount
of five dollars or upwards, payable or redeemable
in bank or other notes, or anything except gold
and silver."
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have seen a great deal
of paper currency which was issued in this city
some years ago, of less denominations than five
dollars, of every kind and description that could
be manufactured. I believe one bank issued,notes
for a dollar and a half, payable in Virginia money
when five dollars or more were presented at one
time; but I have no recollection of ever seeing
notes of the denomination of five dollars or more,
made payable or redeemable in the notes of other
banks. Then, if the amendment the committee
propose should not be adopted, the effect of the
section will simply be to suppress and prevent the
circulation of all notes whatever of a less denom-
ination than five dollars. But you will say nothing
against the circulation of notes over five dollars
that are issued in the States. The bill will then
prevent the issuance of any paper currency what-
ever in the District, and this object 1 desire to
effect. But if it is thought by Congress that
paper money should be issued within the District,
let them organize such establishments as, in their
opinion, are needed to promote the public interest.
It is now thought by some that, should the bill
pass as amended by the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, prohibiting the issuance of all
notes, however payable, of a less denomination
than five dollars, and prohibiting the circulation
of all above five dollars, payable in anything other
than gold and silver, by implication, oonccrns in
the city will be authorized to issue paper of a
greater denomination than five dollars, if made
payable in gold and silver when it is presented.
Now, sir, if this is to be the legitimate construc-
tion of the section, much as I desire the passage
of a m'easure to suppress this kind of circulating
medium, I cannot vote for it. If it is to authorize
the issuance of a paper currency of any description
whatever in the District, I cannot sustain it. 1,
for one, will vote for nothing of that character,
either here or elsewhere. I will not give my sup-
port to any such action, either by the Federal or
a State government. I believe the framers of our
Government, its fathers, its founders, believed, at
the time of the establishment of the Constitution,
that they had provided a hard money currency for
the Government, in which gold and silver coin
should be the standard of value and the circulating
medium. And I believe that every charter for the
issuance of bank notes, whether by Congress for
this District, or the nation at large, or by State
Legislature, is in violation not only of the funda-
mental provisions upon which the Government
