1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
to the Senate, it was found impossible to give it
that consideration which the importance of the
subject demanded. Sir, I take it that we had
better confine ourselves to the objeet of the bill,
as it came originally from the Senate, which was
to prevent the circulation of smalt notes as a cur-
rency in this District.
1 entirely agree in the views of my friend from
Tennessee, as to the propriety of suppressing the
circulation of all notes issued by unchartered
banks. But the object cannot be effected in this
mode. When the gentleman comes to reflect upon
the subject, I think he will find that it will be
necessary to introduce a separate bill to suppress
the circulation of unchartered banks. Such a law
now exists in the State of Virginia, the provisions
of which, exceedingly complicated and minute as
they are, cannot be embraced in the few words
proposed to be added by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee. At present there are no banks in this Dis-
trict. The persons who call themselves banks,
are but individuals, who have the rights of indi-
viduals to issue their own notes, promising to pay
money, or promising to pay anything else, above
the denomination of five dollars.
• I think it will be well when this matter is
brought before the House to disagree to the
amendments which have been adopted by the
committee, and confine the bill to its original ob-
ject, the suppression of small notes. "We do not
know how many different kinds of instruments
may be embraced by the language of the amend-
ment italicized here. There may be bonds for the
delivery of State stock, which may be assignable
from one hand to another. There may be bond?,
or covenants, for the delivery of merchandise. All
these things, although not aimed at by the commit-
tee, or the body, may, nevertheless, be embraced
by the language of the provision in this bill as it is
proposed to beamended. I am not willing, in this
form, to suppress the circulation of notes above
the denomination of five dollars which may be
legally issued by corporations of sovereign
States.
Mr. JONES. I think the gentleman is mis-
Mft MILLSON. The gentleman will find that
the bill, if amended as proposed, will suppress the
circulation of all notes or bills, even though they
may be issued legally and under the authority of
some State, if uttered within the District of Co-
lumbia.
The question was put on Mr. .Tones's amend-
ment; and, on a division, there were—ayes forty-
five 
Mr. SEYMOUR. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Parker, and
Davis of Indiana, were appointed.
The question was again put; and, on a division,
the tellers reported—ayes thirty-nine 
The CHAIRMAN. Is a further division called
for ?
No further count was demanded.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is re-
jected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to have afurther count. The tellers have not
reported those voting in the negative.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair asked whether
a further count was demanded, and it was not; a
quorum being present, and thirty-nine not being
one half of a quorum, he declared the amendment
rejected.
Mr. PECKHAM. I move that the committee
do now rise. We should have some time to con-
sider the very important amendments which have
been proposed.
The question was put; and, on a division, there
were—ayes 47, noes 54.
Mr. HAMILTON. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; arid Messrs. Davis of
Indiana, and Hoghes were appointed.
The question was again put; and the tellers
reported—ayes 48, noes 61.
The C H A1RM AN. There is no quorum voting,
and the clerk will call the roll.
- The clerk then proceeded to call the roll; having
noted the absentees, the committee rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, had had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly the
gpecial order relating to business of the District of
Columbia, and finding itself without a quorum,
had directed the roll to be called, and th'e names of
the absentees to be reported to the House, that
they may be noted upon the Journal. The fol-
lowing is a list of the absentees:
Messrs. James C. Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas
H. Bayly, Ball, Banks, Barks'lalc, Barry, BeloliPr, Bell,
Benson, Benton, Bissell, Bliss, Breckinridge, Campbell,
Caruthers, Ciiasmin, Chrisinan, Churchwell, Clark, Cling-
man, Colquitt, Cook, Cox, Curnming, Curus, Cutting, Dent,
Do Witt, Dickinson, Disney, Dowdell, Drum, Dunham,
Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmundson, John M. Elliott,
Ellison, English, Eiheridge, Farley, Faulkner, Penton,
Flagler, Gamble, Giddmes, Green, Grey, Sampson W.
Harris, Wdey P. Harris, Harrison, Henn, Ilibbard, Hiester,
Hill, HiHyer, Ingorsoll, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kidwell'
Kuriz, Lamb, Lane. Latham, Lilly, Lindley, Lyon, Mc-
Dougall, McMullin, McQ-ueen, Mace, Mattet-on, Maurice,
Meacham, John G. Miller, Nichols, Noble, Olds, Orr, Phil-
lips, Powell, Preston, Puryear, Heady, Reese, Richardson,
Thomas Ritchcy, Rowo, Sabm, Sngc, Seward, Shannon,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith,
Soilers, Richard II. Stanton, Alexander II. Stephens, Hes-
tor L. Stevens, Strauon, Andiew Stuart, David Stuart,
John J. Taylor, Tweed, Vail, Walbridgc, Walker, Warren,
John Wcntworth, Wostbrook, Wheeler, Wilte, Hendrick
B. Wright, and Zullicolfer.
The SPEAKER. One hundred and seventeen
have answered to their names; no quorum.
Mr. PteCK. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. HAMILTON. "What becomes of the
business reported from the committee?
The SPEAKER. It is still the special order,
and may be taken up and disposed of to-morrow,
before the House resolves itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the ftate of the Union.
The question was taken on Mr. Peck's motion;
and it was agieed to.
Thereupon the House adjourned (at twenty
minutes past three o'clock) until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 20, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milborv.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The Hon. William Wright, of New Jersey,
appeared in his seat to-day.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 present the memorial of the
Mississippi Baptist State Cotiveniion, praying
that measures may be taken to secure religious
liberty to American citizens residing or traveling
abroad. As the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
OassJ has given notice of his intention to call up
the subjsct at an early day, 1 move that the memo-
ual be received and laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS presented the petition of the
register of the land office and the receiver of public
moneys at Grenada, Mississippi, praying to be
allowed the same per centum on the sales of the
public lands as was allowed previous to the act of
August 4, 1854; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. JAMES presented the petition of Eliza J.
Rogers and Sarah Aim D'Wolf, only surviving
children and heirs-at-law of Rev. William Rogers,
brigade chaplain of the Revolution, praying to be
allowed bounty land; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. EVANS presented the petition of the
children and heirs-at-law of John Gates, praying
to be allowed the bounty land to which their
father was entitled for services during the war of
the Revolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of the
register of the land oliice and of the receiver of
public moneys at Helena, Arkansas, praying to
be allowed the same per centum on the sales of
the public lands as was allowed previous to the
act of August 4. 1854; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. STUART presented the petition of Joseph
Loranger, praying remuneration for property de-
stroyed by the enemy during the last war with
Great Britain; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented thepetition of James
W. Sheahan, praying compensation for certain
reporting for a committee of the Senate; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORT PROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
~Mr. STUART. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom were referred sundry memorials
of registers of land offices and receivers of public
moneys throughout the United States, praying to
be allowed the same per centum on the sales of
the public lands as was allowed previous to the
act of August 4, 1854, have directed me to report
them back, and ask that they lie on the table, as
a bill has been reported and passed by the Senate
on that subject.
The motion was agreed to.
FISHERIES OP THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to consider it any further legislation be necessary, m order
to promote the interests of tin; fisheries of the United States,
especially by amending the system of licenses; also, by
altering the terms of the bounty to vessels engaged in " the
bank and cod fi^beaes ;" and alt>o by extending this bounty
to vessels engaged m tlie mackerel fisheries.
SCHOOLCRAFT'S REPORT.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to rominunicate to the Senate a copy of the special reporS
of'Henry R. Schoolcraft, of November 18,1854, made to the
Secretary of the Interior on the state of Indian statistics,
SLAVERY IN THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg leave to present the
memorial of the New England Baptist I^ree Mis- .
sion Society, authenticated by their secretary,
in -which they ask Congress to repeal the act
known as the Nebraska-Kansas act, and also the
fugitive slave billj which they believe to be a vio-
lation of the rights of man and of the Constitution
of our country. As the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Chase] proposes at an early day to call up his
bill which is now on the Calendar, for the pro-
hibition of slavery m the Territories, I move that
this memorial do lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
CALIFORNIA LAND COMMISSION.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Public
Lands have instructed me to report back, without
amendment, the bill which was referred to them
"to continue in force for a limited period the act
* to ascertain and settle the private land claims in
the State of California.* "
Mr. WELLER. If there be no objection, I #
ask that that bill may now be taken up for the con-
sideration of the Senate. This commission is to
expire on the 4th of March next, and there is
among our printed documents a statement made
by the land commissioners, which shows that it
v/ill be utterly impossible for them to pass upon
the cases now before them within that period. It
is also important that the question should be de-
cided at once whether this commission is to be
extended or not. I therefore ask that the bill may
now be considered by the Senate.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
Its object is to extend and continue in full force
until the 3d of March, 1656, the board of com-
missioners heretofore appointed under the act of
March 3, 1851, in order to enable them to close up
their business.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate without amendment, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
RIGHTS OF CITIZENSHIP.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senate to take up
House bill "-to secure the rights of citizenship to
children of citizens of the United States born out
of the limits thereof." The bill came to the
Senate at the last session, and an amendment was
reported to it by the Committee on the Judiciary.
I move that the Senate now take up the bill for
the purpose of disposing of it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
It proposes to provide that persons heretofore
born, or hereafter to be born, out of the limits or
jurisdiction of the United States, whose fathers
were, or shall be, at the time of their birth, citi-
zens of the United States, shall beseemed and
