m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20*
pension system to the widows of the officers and
marines who served, during the revolutionary war,
in the Navy of the United States? There is the
•Whole question. Does the Senator from Virginia
want a voluminous report from the Committee on
Pensions in order to enable him to comprehend the
subject f Is there any Senator here so dull of
comprehension that he cannot at once decide the
simple question whether justice demands that the
widows of naval officers shall be placed upon an
equal footing with the widows of Army officers?
Sir, I should be unwilling to admit that such a
Senator is here. Here, then, is the simple ques-
tion, propounded by the amendment, whether we
shall give the same meed of justice to the widows
of the officers of the Navy that we have already
extended, by a provision of our laws, to the wid-
ows of Army officers ? I am satisfied, in my mind,
the amendment is right; and 1 would vote for it
even if it were not technically in order under the
rules of the body. But in my judgment, under
the rules, in a pension bill making an appropria-
tion for the payment of pensions to the widows of
the officers of the Army, it is perfectly competent
to insert a provision to extend it to the widows of
naval officers.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think the principle sought
to be established by this amendment is a very bad
one. The Senate have repeatedly .declared their
unwillingness to put a new law upon an appro-
priation bill. They have departed from that
determination and that rule occasionally, but
wherever they have done so, I believe the Sena-
tors who have advocated it have permitted their
feelings to override a good rule. Now, sir, this
whole system of pensions does require an investi-
gation. The gentlemen say the amendment is to
put the widows of officers of the Navy upon the
same footing with those of the officers of the Army.
For one, I am opposed to extending the system,
because it was a vicious one in the beginning. 1
would not voteforit. I would vote against extend-
ing it. We did not pass any of these pension laws
until 1818, when nineteen twentieths of the men
of the Revolution had died, and when, through the
mists of time, there was a great difficulty in telling
■which side they did fight on. When we first
placed the widows on the pension list there was
some semblance of justice, because it embraced
only those who were married to the soldiers before
the last term of service had expired. Subsequently
we applied it to those who were married up to
1794—after the war. Then we carried it to 1800;
and now the pension is granted no matter when
they were married, and it is declared that any
woman who married a revolutionary soldier after
the war, and who shared none of the difficulties
and perils of the war, shall receive a pension.
The men of the Revolution, who achieved the in-
dependence of the country, scorned a pension. It
was a profligate son who demanded it from the
Government. For one, I am opposed to the whole
system; and I should like to bring up these bills,
extending the system, regularly before the country,
and not permit them to ride over the rules of the
Senate under any idea that it is justice which is
due to these people.
Mr. CHASE. We are overriding no rule
whatever. The amendment has been decided to
be in order. It is as legitimately in order as any
amendment which can be presented to the Senate
for its consideration. There may lie a parliament-
ary usage, as suggested by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, which is infringed; but that usage is not the
usage of this body. Our whole experience, from
the commencement of every Senator's service
until this moment, shows that that is not the
usage of the Senate. If it is parliamentary usage,
it is not usage here.
Now, sir, what does this bill provide? In the
very last clause it provides for the payment of
pensions to widows and orphans of the officers and
soldiers of the Army, under the act of February
3, 1853. What does the amendment provide for?
It simply extends the benefits of that principle,
already established by previous legislation, to the
widows of officers and persons engaged in the
naval service. It extends a known, settled, rec-
ognized, and established principle. We are not
doing a new thing. We are simply saying that
the widows of officers, marines, and sailors in the
Navy, shall be placed upon a footing with the
widows of the officers and soldiers of the Army.
It takes- one of the very identical provisions of
this bill, and gives it simply this additional extent;
that is all.
There is, however, an extension by the amend-
ment in both these classes of cases, conformable
to the idea originally entertained by those who
supported the provision in favor of the widows of
officers and soldiers in the Army. Their idea
was, that those pensions should commence from
1848. The construction of the Government offi-
cers, I believe, makes them commence from 1853.
In both these cases the pensions are made to com-
mence from 1848. That is the only change, and
that simply carries out the purpose of the Senate
and of Congress in passing the original provision.
Mr. DAWSON. My mind is not made up as
to how I shall vote on this measure. This prop-
osition, I presume, is not new in this body. For
some reason, the pension laws have not been ex-
tended to the widows and orphans of sailors and
marines. I presume, if we were to look back to
the previous discussions upon the subject, we
should ascertain the principles upon which our
predecessors have uniformly rejected the proposi-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was an omission.
Mr. DAWSON. It is said by my friend from
Maine, that it was a mere accidental omission.
That may be so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The widows of the offi-
cers of the Navy, sailors, and marines, were in-
cluded, if I recollect aright, in the act of 1848, and
previous acts; but by mistake, I suppose, were
omitted from the act of 1853, which provided that
widows of officers and soldiers of the revolution-
ary army who married after 1800 should be enti-
tled to pensions.
Mr. DAWSON. If that be true, the better
plan is, as there is no haste in the matter, and as
there is an objection made to it in consequence of
its not being a proper matter for a general appro-
priation bill, to give us time to investigate it. I
intended to do so after it was proposed and passed
over yesterday; for it did seem strange to my
mind. Then I recollected the attempts which had
been made before, and I thought there might be
some just rea'son for it; hence I desire to investi-
gate the matter. I shall, therefore, vote against
the amendment, not pledging myself, however,
how I shall ultimately vote on the measure.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Brainerd, Brown, Chase, Clay-
ton, Dodge of Wisconsin, Pessenden, Fish, Foot, Gil-
lette, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Rock-
well, Sumnor, Thompson of Kentucky, Wade, Walker,
and Weller—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Brodhead, Clay, Daw-
son, Dodge of Iowa, Evans, Geyer, Ilunter, Johnson,
Norris, Rusk, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, Toombs, Toucey,
and Wright—IS.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I desire to ask the Senator
from Maine whether, by the existing laws, the
persons referred to in his amendment, who were
married before 1800, drew pensions?
Mr. FESSENDEN. By the act of 1848 they
do. I so understand it.
Mr. STUART. My impression was other-
wise.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe the law passed
in 1848 covers that; I cannot speak with certainty,
however. It was the act of 1853 which gave the
same pensions to those who were married after
1800, as were given to those married before that
period.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
the amendment was concurred in, and ordered to
be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read a third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the title was
amended by adding " and for other purposes."
BOARD OF CLAIMS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The select committee, to
whom was referred the bill to establish a board
for the examination and adjustment of private
claims, have had the same under consideration,
and have instructed me to report a substitute for
the bill. The committee have modified the bill in
several particulars, and 1 now entertain the hope
that it will commend itself to the favorable consid-
eration of the Senate. I ask for its printing, and
give notice that I shall to-morrow call it up for
consideration.
The substitute was ordered to be printed.
B. F.-H. WITHERELL.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
Ross Wilkins, and the petition of B. F. H.
Witherell, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill to extend the provisions of an act entitled
" An act to provide compensation for the services
of George Morell, in adjusting titles to land in
Michigan;" which was read, and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
LAW DEPARTMENT.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the bill" to establish a Department of Law,
to prescribe certain duties of the Auditors and
Comptrollers of the Treasury, and for other pur-
poses."
The bill was under consideration on Monday
last, when it was amended in various particulars.
As amended, it proposes to constitute the existing
office of Attorney General of the United States a
department, to be denominated the Department of
Law, of which the Attorney General, for the time
being, is to be the principal officer. He is to per-
form all the duties now belonging to the office of
Attorney General, and such as may be required
of him by law. He is to cause to be prepared,
recorded, and transmitted or delivered, all appoint-
ments and commissions in the judiciary of the
United States, of governors and secretaries of
the Territories thereof, and all special commis-
sioners or other officers not under the direction of
any other Department; but no such commission
is to be recorded until after it shall be attested
by the Attorney General. It is also made his
duty to superintend and direct United States dis-
trict attorneys in the transaction of their official
duties, and the Solicitor of the Treasury, and the
business of that office, to which end the Solicitor,
who is hereafter to be styled the Solicitor of the
United States, and the clerks and messenger,
together with all the books and papers of that
office, are to be transferred to the Department of
Law, as a bureau of that Department.
The supervisory power now exercised by the
Secretary of the Interior over the accounts of the
marshals, clerks, and other officers of the courts
of the United States, is to be exercised by the
Attorney General, who is to sign all requisitions
for the advance or payment of money out of the
Treasury, on estimates or accounts, subject to the
same adjustment or control now exercised on
similar estimates or accounts by the accounting
and comptrolling officers of the Treasury.
Provision is made that if the President of the
United States should, in his discretion, require the
Attorney General, or other person, to attend to
the interest of the Government in any United
States court out of the District of Columbia, or in
any State court, the Attorney General, or other
person so employed, shall be paid out of thejudi-
cialfund, such allowance as thePresidentmay deem
reasonable and just. In case of the death, absence
from the seat of Government, or inability of the
Attorney General, the President, if he think it
necessary, may authorize any person to perform
the duties of the office until a successor be ap-
pointed, or until the absence or inability shall
cease.
It is further provided that the commissions of
all officers of the United States shall be made out,
recorded, and when necessary, countersigned and
sealed in the Department under the supervision of
the heads of which those officers may respectively
be required to act, or to which they belong.
Another section proposes to distribute the audit-
ing and adjusting of accounts among the account-
ing officers in this manner, to wit: The First Audi-
tor to audit and adjust all accounts, disbursements,
claims, and expenditures that may arise or be un-
settled in the Department of the Treasury; the
Second Auditor those of the Department of the
Interior; the Third Auditor those of the War De-
partment; the Fourth Auditor those of the Depart-
ment of the Navy; the Fifth Auditor those of the
State and Law Departments; and the Sixth Auditor
those of the Post Office Department. All accounts
audited by the First and Fifth Auditors are to be
revised and comptrolled by the First Comptroller;
and all accounts audited by the Second, Third, and
Fourth Auditors, are to be revised and comptrolled
by the Sseond Comptroller.
