1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
Mr. ADAMS. I desire to move one furth'er
amendment to the bill. It 1.3 in the sixth section,
at the end of the clause: "the Second Auditor
shall audit and adjust all accounts, disbursements,
claims, and expenditures of whatsoever nature or
description that may arise or be unsettled in the
Department of the Interior," to add the words
" except the General Land Office, which shall be
settled as now provided by law."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS. I shall detain the Senate but a
very few minutes in explaining the bill. The first
proposition in it is to convert the existing office of
the Attorney General into a department of law.
That was recommended by General Jackson, in
his first annual message, and again at a subsequent
session. Afterwards, it was recommended by
Mr. Polk. The present Executive is in favor of
it. It accords with the views and opinions of all
the members of the Committee on Retrenchment
and Reform, among whom are two ex-members
of different Cabinets. I ask that General Jack-
son's messages may be read for the consideration
of the Senate, and to call their attention to the im-
portance of tbe subject.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Extract from President Jackson'$ First Annual Message.
u I would recommend, therefore, that the dune* now
assigned to the agent of the Treat>ury, so far as they relate
to the superintendence and management of legal proceed-
ings on tlie part of the United States, be transferred to the
Attorney Genera!; and that this officer be placed on the
same footing in all respects as the heads of the other De-
partments, receiving like compensation, and having such
subordinate officers provided for his Department as may be
requisite for the discharge of these additional duties. The
professional skill of Hie Attorney General, employed m
directing the conduct of marshal a anil district attorneys,
would hasten the collection ot debts now in suit, and here-
after save much to the Government. Ft might fx; further
extended to the superintendence of all criminal proceed-
ings for offenses against the United State?. In making this
transfer, great care should be taken, however, that tbe
power necessary to the Treasury Department be not im-
paired ; one of its greatest securities consisting in a control
over all accounts, unul they arc audited or reported for
suit."
Extract from President Jackson's Second Annual Message.
"The attention of Congress was called, on a former
occasion, to the necessity of such a modification of the
otfice of Atiomev General of the United States as would
render it more adequate to the wantsof the public seivice.
This resulted in the estabhshmentof the otfice of Solicitor
of the Treasury, and tb'e earliest measures were taken to
give effect to the provisions of the law which authorised
the appointment of that officer, and defined his duties. But
it is not believed that this provision, however useful in
itself, is calculated to supersede tbe necessity of extending
the duties and powers of the Attorney General's ofbcc.
On the contrary, I am convinced that the public interest
would be greatly promoted by giving to that ollicer tbe gen-
eral superintendence of the various law agents of tbe Gov-
ernment, and of all law proceeding1?, whether civil or
criminal, in which the United States may be interested,
allowing to him at the same time such a compensation as
would enable him to devote hid undivided attention to tin;
public business. I think such a piovision is alike due to
the public and to the officer.
** Occasions of reference from the different Executive
Departments to the Attorney General, are of frequent oc-
currence ; and the prompt decision of the questions so
referred tends much to facilitate the dispatch of business
in those Departments. The report of the Secretary of tbe
Treasury, iiereto appended, shows also a branch of the
public service not specifically intrusted to any officer,
which might be advantageously committed to the Attorney
General.
u But, independently of those considerations, this oftice is
now one of daily duty. It was originally organized, ami
its compensation fixed, with a view to occasional service,
leaving to the incumbent time for the exercise of his pro-
fession in private practice. The state of things which war-
ranted buch an organization no longer exists. Tbe frequent
claims upon the services of this officer would render his
absence from the seat of Government, in professional at-
tendance upon the courts, injurious to the public service;
and the interests of the Government could not fail to be
promoted by charging him with the general superintendence
of all iB legal concerns.
" Under a strong conviction of the justice of these sug-
gestions, I recommend it to Congress to make the necessary
provisions for giving effect to them, and to place the Attor-
ney General, 10 regard to compensation, on the same foot-
ing with the Heads of tbe several Executive Departments.
To this officer might also be intrusted a cognizance of the
cases of insolvency in public debtors, especially if the views
which I submitted on this subject last year should meet tbe
approbation of Congress—to which I again solicit your
attention."
Mr. ADAMS. The Solicitor of the Treasury
is a law officer; his decisions are subject to the
revision of the Attorney General, and his office
legitimately and properly belongs to the law de-
partment. To the provision of the bill providing
for the transfer of tfiat officer to this department,
I have heard no objection in any quarter. It is the
judgment, I believe, of every one familiar with
the duties of the different Departments with whom
I have conversed on the subject, that the office of
Solicitor should be transferred to the Department
of the Attorney General.
The subsequent portion of the bill is intended to
harmonize the business of the different Depart-
ments. It is in accordance with the judgrri,ent of
almost every, if not every, member of the present
Cabinet, as well as all the members of different
preceding Cabinets with whom I have conversed.
I found that there was great difficulty and con-
flict in the Departments for the want of some pro-
vision of law similar to what we have proposed
in the last section of the bill as it now stands.
For instance, the claims to be settled in the Inte-
rior Department are audited by four different
Auditors; which of course produces mueh confu-
sion. Take the War Department as another illus-
tration. If a quartermaster purchases a dozen
articles of one description and a dozen of another,
his account is divided and sent to different Aud-
itors. Very great inconvenience and confusion
necessarily arise from this course. This bill sim-
plifies the auditing of accounts by giving to each
of the Departments its own Auditor. The object
is that each Department may be independent of
the others, so far as is consistent with the safety
of the publi® Treasury. The bill was matured by
the committee in accordance with the best lights
we could obtain on the subject, and ( believe it
meets the approbation of all experienced men who
have investigated it. It is not my purpose to
detain the Senate, and I shall not do so. I presume
there will be no serioui objection to the bill.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, 1 have exam-
ined this bill for the first time this morning, and
I am afraid that I shall not be able to vote under-
stand ingly upon it at the present time. I regard
it as a very important bill. It is one which pro-
poses radical changes in one of the Departments
of the Government. Now, we have a committee
in this body composed exclusively of lawyers—
the Committee on the Judiciary. I shall be com-
pelled to move that this bill be committed to that
committee, in order that they may have an oppor-
tunity of fully examining it. If it be desirable
to make the alterations proposed by my friend
from Mississippi, I have no doubt, the public
interests so demanding, the Senate will agree to
make the changes; but at all events I think the
bill should undergo the supervision of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary before being brought to a
formal vote before the Senate. Hence 1 move to
refer it to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I should not
have obtruded a bill upon the consideration of the
Senate which I did not believe belonged legiti-
mately and properly to the committee who re-
ported it. By reference to the rule providing for
the appointment of the committee of which 1 have
the honor to be chairman, it will be seen that this
bill came appropriately withir) the province of that
committee. My colleague on the Committee on
Retrenchment, one of the ablest lawyers of this
body, and an ex-member of a former Cabinet—
the distinguished Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Baiigeu]—aided me in maturing this bill.
Another colleague of mine on that committee, the
distinguished Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Toucey,] also an eminent lawyer, who was for-
merly Attorney General in Mr. Polk's Cabinet,
perfected that portion of the bill relating to that De-
partment; at least the committee agreed to all the
suggestions which he made, and that part of the
bill was perfected in accordance with his opinions.
If my friend from California [Mr Weli.er]
would point out some objection which neither my
friend from North Carolina, nor my friend from
Connecticut nor myself, could answer, 1 could
then see some propriety in referring the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary. As it is, I cannot.
The rule under which the Committee on Retrench-
ment was raised prescribes it to be their duty to
investigate the various Departments, and to report
any amendment that, in the judgment of that
committee, the laws governing those Departments
may require. In accordance with that rule we have
presented this bill; but if any serious objection to
it be pointed out, 1 shall not persist in opposing its
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary. I
admit that it is the business of the Judiciary
Committee to investigate all legal questions; but,
sir, look at the provisions of the bill. The Soli-
citor of the Treasury is a law officer—every Sen-
ator knows that fact. The Attorney General has
a supervising control over his decisions. Now,
does it require the investigation of a lawyer to
ascertain that the Solicitor ought to be in the
Department and under the supervision of the
Attorney General ? I have had read, for the con-
sideration of the Senate, the opinions of Andrew
Jackson. I might adduce the opinions of Mr.
Polk to the same effect; but it is unnecessary to
consume the time of the Senate. I have never
met with any one who did not agree to the pro-
priety of the change to which I have adverted. It
is a matter in which I have no interest and feel
none, except that I am confident that if the bill be
passed as it has been matured, it will promote
harmony in the different Departments to an extent
which no other bill has done for a great length of
time.
Mr. WELLER. I certainly did not intend,
Mr. President, by the remark which I made, to
reflect, in any shape orform, on ihe committee who
reported this bill. I do not doubt that the mem-
bers of that committee are very able lawyers.
Nor have I any amendments of my own to pro-
pose, for, as I have already said to the Senate, I
read the bill this morning for the first time. Per-
haps, if I had read it carefully, I might be satisfied,
with the Senator from Mississippi, that it is now
in the best form in which it can be presented.
But, sir, I know the fact that there is a standing
committee, regularly organized under the rules of
the Senate, composed exclusively of lawyers, to
whom all subjects of this sort properly belong.
This bill proposes a radical change in one of the
law departments of this Government. If there be
any one subject which, more than any other, pe-
culiarly belongs to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, it is this very question. After that commit-
tee shall have passed upon it, I have no doubt the
form in which they present the bill will command
the vote of the Senate. I have expressed no
opinion myself as to the merits of the bill; nor
shall 1 undertake to express an opinion whether or
not it be necessary to make all the changes signi-
fied by the Senator from Mississippi; but, at all
events, with the limited knowledge I now have of
the bill, I should have been better satisfied if it
had come from the regularly organized Committee
on the Judiciary. I say this without intending to
reflect on the distinguished legal attainments of
the gentlemen who compose the committee that
reported it.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on refer-
ring the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I hope that
course will not meet with the approbation of the
Senate. 1 do not know, sir, that this bill belongs
with any special propriety to the Committee on
the Judiciary more than to any other committee.
My honorable friend who is at the head of the
Committee on Retrenchment and Reform, [Mr.
Acams,] from which this bill came, has taken
great pains to satisfy himself and the committee,
by thorough communication with the Departments
of the Government, that the change which this
bill proposes to make, will be acceptable to them,
and will be advantageous to the public service.
Now, if you take one part of the bill, that which
relates, for instance, to the office of the Attorney
General, you may say that that, by itself, would
properly come under the cognizance of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; but the moment you pass
from that, you will find yourself involved in the
consideration of another Department of the
Government, with which that committee has no
special connection; and therefore it must neces-
sarily happen that, if any bill is to be reported
for the improvement of the Departments of the
Government generally, it must come from some
committee which, in respect to one or other of
those Departments, has no special connection
with it.
I humbly conceive, therefore, sir, that, of all the
committees of the Senate, there is nonefrom which
this bill could come with such eminent propriety
as from the committee at the head of which is my
honorable friend from Mississippi. It is a com-
mittee which is to look into the general subject of
reform in the administration of the Government.
It is to propose measures for the purpose of pro-
moting reform where reform is necessary. It is
a committee for the purpose of proposing retrench-
ment where retrenchment is necessary. And,
therefore, as this bill proposes a general reform in
