100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
cat; the streets, lanes, and alleys, or any of them,
■ to be lighted by gas, or otherwise, and to provide
for the expense of any such works or improve-
men{£, either by a special tax or out of its corpo-
rate funds generally, or both, at its discretion.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion cannot be
entertained, the House being In committee.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the bill be
laid aside to be reported to the House, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will first proceed
to read the bill by sections for amendments.
The bill was read by sections, for amendments.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the first section of the bill, because that
is the section to which I object moat strongly. I
move to strike out that section, if it be in order,
I make this motion, because I am opposed to
giving any countenance to a subscription by muni-
cipal corporations to railroad companies. The
consequences resulting from such a policy have
produced disaster in different States of the Union,
and have increased very largely the indebtedness
of the cities that have embarked in these railroad
enterprises. Take, for instance, Ihe city of Phil-
adelphia—a city whose stock, until the period
when this insane course of subscribing for the
etock of railroad companies, and pledging its credit
for the same, was pursued, was worth as much
as one hundred and seven or one hundred and
eight dollars. The disasters that have been
brought upon the country by a variety of causes—
and, I think, mainly produced by subscription on
the partof the city corporations for railroad stocks
—have reduced the stock of the city of Philadel-
phia alone to eighty-eight dollars in the one hun-
dred. The depreciation of this stock causes serious
losses to hundreds of people, and has worked a
very great injury to the public, independently of
the bad consequences resulting from it to the city
of Philadelphia itself.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Is the city
compelled to pay interest on these bonds?
Mr. FLORENCE. No, sir; I do not believe
in the right of the city to pledge its creditors for
Railroad purposes, or "for subscription to railroad
Stocks. I do not think that the Congress of the
United States should countenance, directly or
indirectly, any such act, and hence I am opposed
to this section of the bill.
Mr. HAVEN. Before the motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is disposed of, I desire
to offer an amendment to the first section. I
think the section ought to be amended.
The CHAIRMAN. Any motion to amend
will be entertained, and have precedence of the
motion made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
to strike out the first section.
Mr. HAVEN. I move to strike out, in the
tenth and eleventh lines, the words " the said tax
is hereby pledged," and also the words "and
shall in no," and insert in lieu thereof the words
" to pledge the same," and also the words " m
such a manner that it shall in no," so that the
section would read as follows:
That the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Common
Council of Georgetown bu, and they are hereby, umhoi-
izftd and empowered to Jay andooll<vr a special annua) tax
of seventy-five cents, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, upon every hundred dollars of property by law tax-
able within the eorporatc limits of said town, in order to
meet the engagements recently assumed by said town m
subscribing to ihe slock of the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany; and to pledge the same to becure the &aid engage-
ments, in such a manner that it shall innopven* be applied
"to any other object; and the like remedy shall be used for
-"'the recovery thereof as is now used for the recovery of
, other public taxes in said town.
In the words which I propose to strike out, we
undertake ourselves to pledge this money for cer-
tain uses, thereby either undertaking to execute a
trust or become responsible for this amount. We
should do no such thing, and I think the amend-
ment 1 have proposed wdl obviate the difficulty.
The question was taken upon Mr. Haven's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would like
to inquire of the chairman of the committee who
reported this bill, under what authority the inhab-
itants of Georgetown have subscribed to the stock
of that railroad company—whether there has been J
any authority delegated to them for that purpose i
by Congress? j
Mr. HAMILTON. They have subscribed for I
it under their charter—the only authority I have
any knowledge of in the case.
Mr. WASHBURN. To what extent have
they subscribed?
Mr. HAMILTON. To the amount of $200,000.
Mr. WASHBURN. I would also inquire of
the gentleman from Maryland what was the vote
of the city by which this subscription was made ?
Mr. HAMILTON. I cannot exactly answer
the question, as it has been a long time since 1
have had the subject under consideration. I can
only say that we have been solicited by the city
authorities to pass this bill. We have had peti-
tions from the inhabitants of Georgetown before
us, and we have had delegations from that city to
wait upon us in reference to this matter. The
accomplishment of this work is a matter of great
moment to them. My impression is, that the
authorities of Georgetown took a popular vote of
the town upon this subject. I am not positive,
but my impression is, that the members of the
Board of Common Council came before the com-
mittee, and stated, to the best of my recollection,
that there was a difficulty in the Board as to
whether Congress should be asked to allow them
to impose a tax, not exceeding fifty cents, or not
exceeding seventy-five cents. That of seventy-
five cents was adopted, and an appeal was taken
by the members voting for, by resigning, and they
were largely sustained. There was no diversity,
apparently, among the Board and the people as to
the imposition of either the former or the latter.
Mr. WASHBURN. I do not intend to op-
pose the first section of the bill, or vote for striking
it out; but 1 simply desired to ascertain whether
there was any authority in the inhabitants of the
town to make a subscription. I understand the
gentleman from Maryland to say that there was.
Ordinarily, the inhabitants of a town have no
authority of this kind, unless it is specially given
by the Legislature. It seems, from the reply of
the gentleman, that authority exists in the Corpo-
ration of Georgetown, given by their charter, to
make subscription (o this stock; and, in pursuance
of that chatter, they have made the subscription,
pledged their honor, and contracted obligations.
It seems to me, therefore, especially improper and
unjust in us to refuse to give to that corporation
power to carry out the obligations which they
have assumed. Although, generally, I am in favor
of the principle advocated by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Florence,] as against the
policy of organized cities and towns making sub-
scriptions of this kind, yet, as in this case—as it
has been exercised and partially carried out—I
shall vote for giving the corporation the power to
carry out the policy they have already commenced.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland, although
I did not hear all his remarks. I am opposed to
the policy of granting this authority, for reasons
other than I have mentioned. This morning we
passed a law in relation to the issue of small notes
in the District of Columbia; and, for the express
purpose of enabling the Corporation of George-
town to pay its debts, we extended that law, be-
fore it should go into operation, some eleven
months. Here is the fact of a bankrupt corpo-
ration issuing small notes-—notes under the denom-
ination of fivedollars—which has, notwithstanding
that fact staring us in the face, and the country,
subscribed $200,000 for the accomplishment of
this purpose.
But the chairman of the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia [Mr. Hamilton] says, that the
people have directed it ? Who? What people?
Who are the people? What authority had they
to do it? What authority had any portion of
the people of the Corporation of Georgetown to
bind me to the payment of any such debt? I
think we have traveled a good ways during
these last two days in sustaining corporations by
the authority of the Congress of the United States,
and it is pretty nearly time that we had stopped
this accelerated and accelerating motion.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Sim-
mons] this morning referred to the fact that we
are going ahead without knowing what we are
doing—that we were directing or authorizing rail-
road companies to build railroads through the
avenues of this District without protecting the
citizens of the District by well guarded laws, as to
the rate of speed at which their engines might be
driven through the city. And now we have here
the solemn fact presented to the country, that
a radical committee, selected by a Democratic
Speaker of the House of Representatives, has
presented a bill to this House to authorize munit
cipal subscriptions to railroad companies. Upon
a vote upon a principle this morning—a well de-
fined principle, and, as I have always understood,
a Democratic principle—there were jusfnineteen
gentlemen to sustain it.
Mr. WALSH, (interrupting.) A good many
in these degenerate days. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. While at the organization
of this Congress—when an era of good feeling ex-
isted, interrupted somewhat sincc—-we had a ma-
jority, upon the election of Speaker, of some fifty
in this House, and here it is now dwindled down
to nineteen men. That is worse than the worst
enemies of the Democratic party ever intimated it
was.
Mr. SOLLERS. I call the gentleman to order.
I submit that he is out of order in reflecting upon
the state of the Democratic party, as not being per-
tinent to the bill under consideration.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope the gentleman will
state his point of order again.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is called
to order because his remarks are not relevant to
the bill under consideration, and the Chair would
remark that the gentleman was not, at the time he
was interrupted, speaking to the bill under consid-
eration.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it not in order now to
test the condition of the Democratic party by see-
ing how many Democrats we have in this House,
as indicated by a vote upon the principle con-
tained in this bill ? If the Chair decides that it is
not, I appeal from that decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Sollers] called the gentleman to
order, because, in his remarks, he referred to the
state of the Democratic party at the time of the
organization of this House. The Chair ruled the
point well taken, and decided the gentleman out
of order. From that decision the gentleman from
Pennsylvania takes an appeal. The question is,
"Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?"
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the Chair was sustained.
The question then recurring upon the motion of
Mr. Florence—
Mr. HAVEN said: I wish to say another word
upon this subject. I assumed, when I proposed
to amend the first section of the bill, that it was a
bill which had been well considered by the gentle-
men who compose the Committer for the District
of Columbia. I suppose now it has been so con-
sidered; but I desire to say to this committee, that
this is a very extravagant and a very extraordi-
nary mode of legislation, and a very extraordi-
nary grant of power to the Corporation of George-
town—one which the House should hesitate long
before it grants, unless the gentlemen who com-
pose that committee can give us full and cogent
reasons why we should pass it.
The reasons stated by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania—although it happened that he got
out of order before he had finished his remarks,
by swinging out into the shadowy regions of recent
Democratic, faith—were rather pungent, and had
some weight with them, as applicable to the first
section. But the second, as well as the first section
of this bill, requires some consideration. That
section proposes to confer upon the Corporation
of Georgetown anunlimited and unregulated power
to tax the people of that corporation to whatever
extent they please, for the purposes mentioned
therein. 1 am told by the honorable gentleman,
the chairman of the Committee for the District of
Columbia, [Mr. Hamilton,] that there has been
some sanction of this course by the people of
Georgetown themselves. Tfther  has been a sanc-
tion of it by a clear majority of th" people—those
who oivn the property as well as those who tlo not—
I am content, and willing to give them what they
so desire. BuJ, I am unwilling to do so unless
there has been some such expression of their opin-
ion as shall fairly express the will of the majority?
This is a matter which bears upon the property-
holders of Georgetown. Have they authorized it.
Or have any considerable portion of the citizens
of that place authorized us to grant this power to
any branch of their municipal authority?
