102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
empowered to lay and collect a special annual tax of sev-
enty-five cents, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
upon every hundred dollars of real property by law taxable
"Within the corporate limits of said town, m order to meet
the engagements recently assumed by said town m sub-
scribing to the stock of the Metropolitan Railroad Company.
I propose this amendment because improve-
ments of this sort are calculated to prove much
more beneficial to the holders of real estate than
to the holders of personal property. I say that
it is wrong that the burdens of this taxation
should fall as heavily upon those who are the
holders of personal property, who have no con-
nection with the ownership of the soil, but who
constitute, perhaps, a considerable proportion of
the population of the town,as upon the owners of
real estate.
Now, sir, when this subscription was made, it
was for the purpose of increasing the value of the
real estate by augmenting the business of the city
of Georgetown; and whenever the business of the
city is augmented, the result of that augmentation
■will be directly to the advantage of the owners of
real estate almost exclusively. I desire, then, to
see this amendment adopted, if the bill i3 to pass;
and I think it should be adopted, unless the gen-
tleman from Maryland can give some other reason
than we have yet heard, why the citizens of
Georgetown should be indiscriminately taxed for
the benefit of this Metropolitan Railroad Company.
Suppose there are seven hundred a>id fifty cit-
izens of Georgetown, three hundred of them own-
ing personal property alone, and that there are
only one hundred who hold real estate, is it right
that this one hundred landholders should control
the other three hundred and fifty, who own the
residue of the property of that town? is it right
that they should impose u general tax upon the
other three hundred citizens? Such a system of
taxation would be, in effect, for the minority in
interest to control the majority in the burdens
they impose.
Now, sir, I want to seehowitis that this subscrip
tion came to be made by the city of Georgetown.
I want to know whether it was by the authority
of Congress, or by what authority? It seems to
me that my friend from Maryland, who represents
the Committee for the District of Columbia, ought
ft have these things at hand for the information
of the House. It seems to me that the House
ought to have the opportunity of understanding
these facts from the records made by the parties
interested. But, sir, if this section is to be re-
tained, I hope the amendment I have proposed
will be adopted, and that this taxation will be
made to apply to real estate only.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask for tellers upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Keitt and
Thurston were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
ten in the affirmative—a further count not being
demanded.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon striking out
the first section, and, being taken, was decided in
the negative.
The reading of the bill was then concluded, and
no further amendments being proposed, it was
laid aside to be reported to the House, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
WASHINGTON INSURANCE COMPANY.
House bill No. 531, to incorporate an insur-
ance company in the city of Washington, coming
up next in order on the Calendar, was read by its
title.
By unanimous consent, the first reading was dis-
pensed with.
The bill was then read by sections, for amend-
ment. The first section provides that SiiasH. Hill,
William B. Todd, James G.Berret,B. R. French,
Benjamin Beall, Lewis Johnson, Walter Lenox,
George Parker, Joseph Bryan, Augustus Perry,
H. B. Sweeny, T. M. Chubb, J. C. McGuire,
and ft, S. Patterson, their associates and success-
ors, shall be a body-politic and corporate, by the
name and styleof the Washington Insurance Com-
pany, for the purpose of making insurance on
dwilHngs, houses, stores, and all other kinds of
buildings, vessels in port, house furniture, mer-
chandise, and all other kinds of property, against
loss and damage by fire; and also to make insur-
ance on vessels, merchandise, freight, specie, bul-
lion, commissions, profits, bank notes, bills of
exchange, and other evidences of debt, bottomry,
ad respondentia interests, and all other personal
property or interests in or touching property at sea,
lar.d, or water; and that the corporation hereby
created shall, by the same name,have succession,
and shall be capable in law to sue and be sued,
implead and be impleaded, in all courtsof'law and
equity, or elsewhere, and to make and to have a
common seal, and the same to break, alter, and
renew at their pleasure.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill; that motion will allow
a discussion on the merits of the bill.
Mr. Chairman, this strikes me as a very remark-
able bill. There are some extraordinary pow-
ers granted here to this corporation; and there is
almost an utter exemption of everything like
restriction upon its acts. Here, in the first place,
the principle which is now recognized everywhere
else is departed from in this bill—that is, the indi-
vidual liability of the stockholders for the contracts
which the company may make. This bill merely
makes the property which the stockholders have
invested in the company liable. It expressly
exempts the private property of the stockholders
from payment of such debts as the company may
contract; and their liability is confincd exclusively
to the investments they may have made in the
insurance company. In proof of this fact, take
the fifth section of the bill, which is in these
words:
"Sec. 5. Jlni be it further enacted, That the members
of the company shall not he liable for any loss, damage,
or responsibility arising from any contract of insurance,
other than the propeity they liave in the capital or funds
of the company to the amount of the shares respectively
held by them, and any profits ai ism? therefrom not dxvidrd :
Provided, The said corporation shall, from time to time,
apply all sums of money received by them for premiums
10 the payment of loj-i-es m the first instance, and to make
up the amount of their original capital whenever it shall
liave sulicred any diminution by losses."
The stockholders may divide as large profits as
they please with each other, but so far as their
action as members of that insurance company is
concerned, they have the right to make all they
can, and are subject to no loss except to the
amount which they may have, respectively, in-
vested in this joint stock institution. Now, it
seems to me, that when the oettled view of the
country has decided—as it has done for some
years past—that where associations of this kind
are formed, where they are formed for the pur-
pose of speculating and making profits, the parties
who choose to embark in that species of specula-
tion in quest of profit, shall be held liable for all
the contracts the company may make, and not
only the property which they invest, but all the
property which they possess, shall be subject to
such contracts. It seems, I say, that we would
do wrong in ignoring that settled view of the
country by this bill.
It is most extraordinary that, duringthis present
session, comprising a period of only about fifteen
days, and particularly during these last two days,
we" have had more propositions to give birth to
corporations than have been presented to Congress
since I have been a member—three years. Here
we have one after another applications to incor-
porate associations for all conceivable purposes,
and oesides ail this, we have them even coming in
here and proposing to be incorporated on such
terms as are universally objected to everywhere
else.
Well, that is not all that is in this bill. Under
the provisions of the bill the company can^rade
in any sort of stock—canal stock, railroad stock,
and every species of business in which they may
choose to engage. This bill does, in fact, to some
extent, confer almost unlimited privileges, without
any restriction whatever over them, or without
any guarantee that the parties who trade with
them shall he protected. Now it is extraordinary
that this bill should be sought to be carried at the
present time, when we see similar corporations
tumbling everywhere around us. Every day we
hear of the failures of institutions engaged in .this
business, speculating in stocks, and trading ih all
sorts of mortgages, while the people are left to
suffer from their imprudence in risking their
property in contracts with such companies. And
for the Congress of the United States now to set
the example of authorizing this thing throughout
the country—of stimulating this reckless spirit,
and of building up similar new enterprises—is, to
say the least of it, unwise. Here we arc engaged
in giving birth to associations which aie soon to
follow in the footsteps of those which have ex-
ploded. I hope that the House will reflect upon
this matter, and look at the extant to which this
species of legislation seems to be going.
Now, here is another matter in this bill which
is most extraordinary. Look at the sixteenth
section of the bill, where the simple clause which
has been considered fair and proper in every case
for years, is absolutely annulled in behalf of this
association.
" Sec. 16. Jind be it further evaded. That in suits by or
against said company, no member of the corporation shall
on that account (if he be not in his individual capacity a
party to such suit) be incompetent as a witness."
Now, the universal doctrine of law is, that
parties interested in companies—whether railroad
or other companies—are not competent witnesses
to testify in behalf of the company in suits where
the interests of such company are involved. And
yet, in this age of progress, in this age of corpo-
rations, when the whole country is to be shingled
over with them, when rights are to be granted to
them which Congress withholds from private
citizens, it is proposed to upset the settled law of
the land, and give to the members of these corpo-
rations the privilege of testifying in their own be-
half. In other words, Mr. Chairman, if tbey get
into a controversy with you, the president or
directors, or stockholders of the association, are
to be authorized to come into court and to promote
their own interests by forcing a recovery against
you, and thereby putting dollars and cents in their
own pockets.
I call upon the gentleman who reported this bill,
[Mr. Dick,1 to know why this provision was put
in here? Why, I ask him, was such a provision
inserted ? Why is it that this corporation is to
have everything in its own favor, while everything
in favor of the people is withdrawn from the bill ?
Thi3 bill must have been drawn by somebody who
is interested in this matter. It is drawn with that
particularity, and that degree of care for the pro-
tection of the parties concerned, that it seems to
me the conclusion is irresistible that it must have
been prepared by those directly interested in it,
and that it has been reported to the House with-
out due consideration. I hope, if we are determ-
ined to incorporate this institution, that we will
make it conform to the settled policy of the coun-
try, that we will require the stockholders to be
individually liable, and exclude from the bill the
privileges which allow them to testify in their own
behalf, to promote their own interest, and to in-
crease their own gains by securing themselves
against those who may happen to deal with them.
Mr. DAYIS, of Indiana. I have but a word to
say in reference to this bill. First of all, I desire
to say that it has been a year, I believe, since 1
saw the bill. It was reported by my colleague
upon the committee, [Mr. Dic:k, ofPennsylvama,}
and my attention has just again been called to
it by the speech of the honorable gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher.] So far as regards
the individual liability clause of which the gentle-
man speaks, I had supposed that it was made a
part of this bill. I remember very distinctly that
the committee had one general rule upon that sub-
ject, and that was, reserving the right to Congress
to repeal, alter, or modify these corporation acts,
and we had another rule making the stockholders
individually liable for the debts of the company.
I do not now desire to enter into a discussion of
this subject, or answer all the objections which the
gentleman from Virginia has made to this bill. I
only wish to say that, when the bill is read by
sections, thatany amendment which the gentleman
may offer so as to make the bill conform to the
bills which have been heretofore passed, and which
have passed since I have had the honor of a seat
upon this floor, will be entirely acceptable to, and
will not meet with any opposition from me.
The CHAIR,MAN. The bill was not reported
by the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. DAVIS. I beg pardon then for my mis-
take m supposing that it was reported regularly by
the Committeefor the District of Columbia. That
accounts for this bill being reported in its present
shape, for I know the general rule of the com-
mittee was different.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Indiana whether his attention has been called
to the fourth section, where it will be seen that
