m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GI/>B&
December 21,
it; to prescribe the fees they shall receive for their
services, and to issue commissions for the taking
of testimony, at the instance of the claimant or of
the United States. When testimony is taken for
the claimant, the fees of the commissioner, and
the cost of the commission and notice, are to be
paid by him; and when taken at the instance of
the Government, the fees, together with all post-
age incurred by the solicitor in his official capacity,
are to be paid out.of the contingent fund provided
for the court. In all cases, when it can be con-
veniently done, the testimony is to be taken in the
county where the deponent resides; and the com-
missioner taking it is required to administer an oath
or affirmation to the witnesses brought before hi,m
for examination.
In all cases where it shall appear to the court
that the facts set forth in the petition of the claim-
ant do not furnish any ground for relief, it shall
not be its duty to authorize the taking of testimony
until the matter shall have been reported to Con-
gress; but if Congress fail to confirm the opinion
- of the court, it shall proceed to take the testimony
in such case.
In taking testimony, the opportunity is to be
given to the United States to file interrogatories,
or, by attorney, to examine witnesses, undersuch
regulations as the court shalt prescribe, and like
opportunity is to be afforded the claimant in oases
where testimony is taken on behalf of the United
States under like regulations.
Swearing falsely before the court, or before any
of its commissioners authorized to take testimony,
is to be considered perjury, and to subject the
offender to the same pains, penalties, and disabili-
ties which now are, or shall be hereafter, by law,
prescribed for willful and corrupt perjury.
Provision is made that the court shall keep a
record of its proceedings, and shall, at the com-
mencement of each session of Congress, and of
each month during the session, report to Congress
the cases upon which it shall have finally acted,
stating in each the material facts established by
► the evidence, with its opinion, and the reasons
upon which it is fotinded. Any judge who may
dissent from the opinion of the majority is to
append his leasons for the dissent to the report.
This repoit, with the briefs of the solicitor and of
the claimant accompanying it, is to be printed in
the same manner as other public documents. It
is made the duty of the court to prepare a bill or
bills in those cases which shall have received its
favorable decision. Two or more cases may be
embraced in the same bill, where the separate
amount proposed to be allowed in each case may
be less than one thousand dollars. The testimony
in each case is also to be transmitted. The
reports so made, and the bills so reported, if not
finally acted upon during the session of Congress
to which they are made, are to be continued from
session to session, and from Congress to Congress,
until finally actcd upon, and their consideration at
the subsequent session of Congress, is to be re-
sumed and proceeded with in the same manner as
though finally acted upon at the session when
presented.
The claims reported upon adversely are to be
placed upon the Calendar when reported, and if
the decision of the court be confirmed by Con-
gress, it shall be conclusive; and the court is not,
at any subsequent period, to consider the claims
unless such reasons be presented as, by the rules
of common lav/ or chancery m suits between in-
dividuals, would furnish sufficient ground for
granting a new trial.
Power is proposed to be granted to this tribunal
to call upon any of the Departments for any in-
formation or papera it may deem necessary, but
the head of a Department may refuse to answer
such a call if, in his opinion, it would be injurious
to the public interest. The court is to have the
use of all recorded and printed reports made by
the committees of each House, when deemed to
be necessary in the prosecution of the duties
assigned. It is to appoint a chief clerk, at a
salary of ^2,000 per annum, and an assistant
clerk, if deemed necessary, at a salary of §1,500,
and a messenger, at a salary of $800. Rooms are
to be appropriated to the court in the Capitol,
unless, in the opinion of the Speaker of the House
of Representatives, it would interfere with the
business of Congress; in which case the court is
to procure such rooms in Washington city as may
be necessary.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I do not mean to
occupy the time of the Senate, for this subject is
in better hands than mine; but I wish to make a
few general remarks in reference to the bill. I
wish to state my own conviction-that the time has
obviously come when, if we do not mean to com-
mit crying injustice, as well to the Government on
the one side, as to individuals on the other, some
such mode of proceeding as that proposed by this
bill must be adopted. A body of three hundred
men divided, as the two Houses of Congress are,
is not a proper body to it^estigate private claims.
They %re protracted indefinitely, or they are
granted hastily, and in either event injustice is
often done to the parties interested, or to the United
States.
Many efforts have been made, Mr. President,
to establish some such board. There was one
established immediately after the close of the last
war with Great Britain, but it was finally re-
pealed. It was founded on a bad principle, and
Mr. Madison took the responsibility of stopping
its operations, for it would have drained the
Treasury. The difficulty in thatcase was simply
this: The board was required to investigate all
the claims for the immense losses on the frontier
during that war, coming within certain classes
designated in the law, and money was to be drawn
from the Treasury by their report. They began
such an immense scale of examination and pay-
ment, that, as I stated, Mr. Madison stopped the
execution of the law, and referred the matter to
Congress at its next session, when the law was
repealed. This bill wisely guards against that
evil. This plan proposes that the board, or court,
shall investigate the claims presented, leaving to
Congress final action upon them, so that the
Treasury will be within our control.
But, Mr. President, what I principally rose for
was to express the hope that we shall not separate
until some board or court is organized for the in-
vestigation of these claims. 1 hope that, though
every gentleman will, as a matter of course, vote
for that provision which he prefers, he will yet, if
he cannot gtt the plan which he would prefer, take
the next best, and so on. On that principle I shall
act, for there can be no greater error than a neglect
to establish such a board, and almost any board
reasonably constituted, is better than none. I
wish, therefore, to entreat every Senator not to
let this bill fail because he cannot get the very
identical plan which he wants. If we come to the
consideration of the measure with such a feeling
as that, we are sure to carry it into effect, and 1
am certain that public opinion is with us in rela-
tion to it.
A question was raised the other day as to
whether this tribunal should be a board or a court.
On that question 1 have my own opinion. I pre-
fer a court; but the other is a very excellent
method, and I am perfectly prepared to take t+mt,
if I cannot get a court. But, above all things,
sir, I fully approve of a remark or two which fell,
the other day, from the honorable Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] that we should re-
quire entire publicity in the proceedings of this
j board or court, and should have a perfectly impar-
i tial feeling on the part of judges or commissioners.
I 1 can tell you, sir, what at present is a great diffi-
j culty. We have in the Treasury as excellent
I auditors and other accounting officers as there
I ever were. I have no doubt they are honest men;
j but when you put men into the Treasury in that
| position, they do not feel like a chancellor whose
duty it is to investigate matters between individ-
uals. They feel themselves as parties, and too
often seem to consider that the object "is to save
money to the Treasury, instead of paying honest
claims. I can also tell you, sir, that the habit of
investigating these claims after along lapse of time,
induces the opinion that the larger portion of them
are dishonest, and therefore produces a feeling
which operates on the officer's judgment. One
of the best officers you ever had, one of the most
honest menl everknew; a faithful, able, and intel-
ligent gentleman, who occupied a position in your
Treasury for half a century; who began when
the seat of Government was at Philadelphia, and
finally died here a year or two since, was an aud-
itor whose merits were acknowledged by the
whole country; but, during the latter part of his
life, he never took up a claim for examination
without the first impression of his mind being, not
"Why should that claim be allowed r" but "What
reason is there why that claim should not be re-
jected?" That was the operation of his mind.
Knowing this to be the natural operation of the
human mind, I wish to have a board, or court,
composed of gentlemen who will not feel them-
selves parties to the suit, and to ha'te a managing
man before them—call him a solicitor, or attorney,
or what you please—an agent of the Government,
to investigate the claims so as to leave the judges
or commissioners full power to act without any
impulsive feeling about them, and stand committed
to investigate the cases precisely as they would
cases arising between individuals.
I repeat, sir, in human nature it is almost im-
possible to find a man who is not operated upon
by the circumstances which surround him. If
you put a gentleman at this desk, who looks at
papers sent to him, day after day, by a clerk, it
is impossible but that his feelings become enlisted,
and operate on his judgment. I have had some
experience in these matters, and I know that, in
many cases, audtiting officers have felt it to be an
injury when an appeal has been taken and their
judgment has been overruled. I do not blame the
feeling. There it is, and there it must be, while
human nature is what it is.
This, sir, is all I have to say on this bill, and I
think it is all I shall say during its progress; but
before I take my seat, I will mention an instance
to ehow the singular operation of the influence to
which I have referred on officers in the Treas-
ury Department. Toward the close of the year
1813, the army on the northwestern frontier v/as
almost destitute of provisions, the roads were
impassable, and we did not know what could be
done. Among other things proposed to remove
the pressure upoYi us, a seine was directed to be
purchased and sent up to Lake Huron, to catch
whitefish. The quartermaster purchased a seine,
and the whitefish were caught abundantly, which
was a matter of vast importance to the soldiers. .
The account was sent on; and what do you think
was the decision on it by the accounting officer ?'
It was, that whitefish did not run in the month of
November, and, therefore, that the United States
had been cheated. [Laughter.] The good officer
had lived all his life upon the Potomac, and had
heard of shad, which run only in April and May,
and he thought that no fish could run in November.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CH ASE. He had heard of the resolutions
of 1798.
Mr. CASS. I have nothing to do with the
resolutions of 1798 now; I am merely speaking
of fish. [Laughter.] I introduced the anecdote
simply to show how natural it is for the human
mind to be affected by circumstances by which it
is surrounded. I wish to have a board or court
composed of gentlemen wholly independent of any
private feelings in relation to the parties, before
whom the interests of the United States shall be
managed by some attorney appointed for the pur-
pose, and where the judges or commissioners shall
have only the power of judges. Anything short
of this will fail in one great object I have in view.
I trust, howevepjthe Senate will come to the con-
sideration of the subject with a determination to
pass some such provision as is contained in this
bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I shall
enter into no general discussion respecting the
provisions of this bill, because I did so somewhat
at large the other day. I rise now only for the
purpose of saying that this bill, now before the
Senate, was most carefully matured by the select
committeeappointed afew day sago afterthediscus-
sion we had in theSenate. It is the same bill which
I introduced at the commencement of the session,
in principle, in substance, and in detail, with one
important exception—the exception relating to the
tenure of office—and a change of name; but the
powers and duties of the three gentlemen to be
appointed under thi3 bill, are the same as they
were to be under the original bill.
The first section of the present bill authorizes
the appointment of three gentlemen who are to
hold their offices for life, or, technically speaking,
during good behavior. This tenure may be
objected to, and it has been seriously objected to;
but a majority of the select committee thought it
was best, because those gentlemen, with this
tenure, would be independent, in some measure,
of all Executive influence, at any rate. The court
may be repealed or abolished at any time, and
