1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
their decisions are not final and conclusive; and,
therefore, we need not fear the life tenure in thss
instance. No money can be paid from the Treas-
ury on the decision of these gentlemen called a
court. A solicitor is provided to represent the
Government. A claimant has to bring his case
before the court by petition, detailing all the facts
of the case upon which he bases a claim against
the Government, to which the solicitor provided
for in the bill makes his answer, and the case
then proceeds before this tribunal. It will, there-
fore, be a judicial tribunal in its character; and
we need not fear that it will be beyond the con-
trol of Congress, or that it will be too independ-
ent, or that it will be corrupt, or that the present
miserable system of electioneering, which is car-
ried on by claimants and their agents, will be con-
tinued before the court, because their decision will
not be final and conclusive. For this reason we
need not fear what occurred before the commis-
sion alluded to by the honorable Senator from
Michigan, after the war of 1832.
Mr. President, we are all agreed as to the evils
to be remedied; but there is a variety of opinions,
as suggested by the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan, in reference to the mode of relief. The pri-
mary consideration, as he has well stated, is not
whether this or that objection can be started to
the bill, but whether it is not the best which,
under the circumstances, can be devised upon the
subject. I believe this to be the best. To be
sure, I should have preferred it if it had been a
little different in detail in some of its provisions*,
but I yielded my own wishes in this respect for
the purpose of meeting the judgment of Senators
of larger experience than myself. I hope, sir,
that, in view of the many considerations which
have been so well suggested by the venerable
Senator from Michigan, this bill will meet the
favorable judgment of the Senate.
Mr. WELLEEt. 1 desire, Mr. President, to
move an amendment to the first section of the bill,
the object of which is to change the character of
this tribunal. 1 move to strike out the word
" court" wherever it occurs in the bill, and to in-
serti4 board of commissioners;" and 1 will very
briefly state to the Senate the reason why 1 make
this motion.
Under the Constitution of the United States, if
there be a court established, the judges of that
court are to be appointed during good behavior.
The only power which is given to us on that sub-
ject is by the first section of the third article of
the Constitution of the United States, which pro-
vides .that " the judges, both of the Supreme and
inferior courts, shall hold their offices duringgood
behavior." In order to avoid the difficulty which
is presented to my mind,! am compelled to move
to change the character of this tribunal from a
court to that of a board of commissioner; and I
apprehend that then, under the provisions of the
Constitution, it would be perfectly competent for
the law-making power of this Government to
limit the period for which the commissioners
should hold their offices. It may well be doubted
whether this bill creates a " court" within the
meaning of the provision of the Constitution to
which I have referred; but, to avoid all contro-
versies which might arise on this subject, I deem
it proper to move the amendment.
I confess, sir, that I aui opposed to the ap-
pointment of these judges during life. 1 think
that, in the improvements which have been fhade
by the different States in the Union in the organi-
zation of their judicial tribunals, they have all
found that it was expedient to appoint or elect
their judges for a limited term of years. There
are, it is true, some States in the Union which
still adhere to the old doctrine of appointing judges
during good behavior, but nearly all the State
constitutions which have been adopted within the
last generation have contained a provision fixing
a limited tenure to those offices. "Whilst the most
valuable improvements have been made in the
arts and sciences, changes, calculated to advance
the public interests and secure the rights of the
people, have been made in our judicial system. I
am not so wedded to the system adopted by our
ancestors as to believe it perfect, and that no im-
provements can be made upon it; nor do I regard
the changes recently adopted by the States, in
regard to the judicial system, dangerous innovations.
They are, on the contrary, wholesome reforms.
I do not desire that there should be any officer
in this Government above or beyond public opin-
ion. I understand the Senator from Pennsylvania
to affirm that it is of the utmost importance that
these judges should be independent. Independent
of what? I would have the judges of your judi-
cial tribunals independent of popular clamor, in-
dependent of party intrigue, and above the influ-
ences which, now and then, disturb the dirty pool
of politics. But I would have no judge independ-
ent of a sound public opinion, calmly and delib-
erately expressed. I have been taught, sir, that
this Government is founded upon, and that it is
sustained by, public opinion. I have been taught
to believe that political power might be safely in-
trusted to the hands of the people. Hence it is,
sir, that, progressing with the spirit of the age,
nearly all the new States of the Confederacy have
provided that their judges shall be appointed, or
elected, by the people, for a limited period of
years—say six years. I confess that, like most
gentlemen of my profession, in early life my pre-
possessions may have been in favor of having
judges elected, or appointed, during good beha-
vior. But the other system is no new or untried
experiment. Various States of this Union have
already provided for the election of their judges
by the people, and for a limited term; and i know
of no State that has seen cause to change its
policy in this respect. If you can show that, in
any of the States where judges are elected for a
term of years by the people, those judges have
become corrupt, or have basely received bribes for !
their judicial decisions, then I might be willing to '
abandon this policy, on which we have now
started. But 1 undertake to say that, in all the
States in which the policy has been adopted of
electing judges by the people, and for a limited
term, they have found the ablest jurists their
States have been able to procure. Take the great
State of Ohio. There, under a change of their
constitution, it was provided that judges should be
elected by the people, and should hold their offices
for a term of six years. The great political par-
ties selected five of their most prominent lawyers
for the distinguished stations of judges of the high-
est court in theState; and I undertake to say that,
under the operations of that provision, the judi-
cial system of the new States will compeue favor-
ably with the older States which still adhere to the
former practice. Will any man undertake to toll
me that the judges now in the State of Ohio,
elected for a limited period, are much more apt
to become corrupt than those in the good old State
of Virginia, where they are appointed duringgood
behavior, or for life ?
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator is mistaken as
to Virginia. The judges there are not chosen in
that way.
Mr. WELLER. Sir, I was not aware that the
State of Virginia had made this advance; but 1
understand they are still elected in Virginia for
life.
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir.
Mr. BROWN. Take South Carolina.
Mr. WELLER. It seems I am very much
mistaken, then, m the character of Virginia; and
if South Carolina be the only State in the Union
that is holding back in this matter, I hope my
friend from that State, who sits before me, [Mr.
Butler,] may catch some of that progressive
spirit which is now abroad in theland, and which,
in my opinion, is essential to the prosperity of the
country. But, Mr. President, i do not desire to
enter into this discussion. I simply desire to put
the Senate in possession of the ground on which
I propose this change, and to inform them of the
object which I seek to attain; for always, when I
have an object to attain, which does not appear
on the face of a motion, I hold myself bound to
explain what it means. I have stated my object
in proposing this change. I am utterly opposed
to life officers in the judiciary, or any other depart-
ment of the Government. I am for a reform in
this particular wherever the power of the Federal
Government extends.
Mr, BROWN. Mr. President, I have two or
three objections to this bill, and they are insuper-
able. I care nothing about whether you call this
tribunal a board of claims, or call it a court, for I
have been taught to think that ua rose by any
other name would smell as sweet;" but I am
wholly at a loss to determine why the name of
this tribunal has been changed by the committee,
except it be for the cause, with which all of us
are too familiar, that boards of claims have fallen
under public opinion and public censure. When-
ever you have had them, they have not only
brought odium upon the country, but upon them-
selves. We have to-day to lament the wreck of
many a fair reputation, on account of its connec-
tion with boards of claims. Did the committee
expect, by changing the name of the tribunal, and
calling it a court, that they would rescue it from
public criticism ? Was it expected that, by calling
these three gentlemen a court, instead of a board
of claims, the people of this country would not
dare to criticise their conduct? Or did the com-
mittee indulge in some dream that gentlemen called
judges would be more wise and more honest than
if they were called commissioners? If there be
anywhere a sounder reason than one of these for
changing the name, I should like to hear it assigned.
I care nothing, however, whether you call this
tribunal a board of claims or call it a court; it is
equally liable to objection, as 1 think I can de-
monstrate.
What is it that this court is expected to do?
To render judgments and draw wariants upon the
Treasury? No, sir. As has been well said by
the venerable Senator from Michigan, this was
tried, and the country rejected it. Upon fair trial
it was found that it would not do to permit the
judges to draw warrants on the Treasury, and I
am only amazed that the wisdom of the Congress
which pasaed that law failed to detect its uncon-
stitutionality. We are told, in the plain letter of
the Constitution, that " no money shall be drawn
from the Treasury, but in consequence of appro-
priations made bylaw." The committee who
reported this bill, with an eye to that provision of
the Constitution, have undertaken to fulfill it—and
how have they done it ? They have proposed to
organize a court, and require that court to make
investigations, to fiend in thfir reports and the
testimony taken before them, with bills drawn, cut
and driedjforthe action of Congress. Why, Mr.
President, this much is done m your committee
rooms, and done quite as well, and with quite as
much fidelity as it can be done by this court.
Has any one ever complained that your commit-
tees do not investigate ? Is there any complaint
here, or elsewhere, that your committees do not
report? Does not the table of the other House
literally groan beneath the weight of reports and
accumulated evidence brought in there by the
various committees, from year to year? And what,
sir, does all this accumulated evidence accomplish ?
What do all these reports accomplish? What is
their effect? Simply to crowd the Calendars of
the two Houses of Congress with unpassed bills.
When these same reports, and evidence, and bills
shall come from this court, will Congress be more
likely to act upon them than when they come
from committees of their own body? Is it ex-
pected of Senators and Representatives, with their
obligations to the Constitution, and to the people,
and the States, that they are to pass into laws
whatever bills this court may think proper to draw
up and send to them ? 1 aek honorable Senators
if that is what is expected of us in the future? Is
it expected that we are to take for granted that
all jh true which the court report ? Are we to take
it for granted that their judgment is infallible?
Are we simply to sit here and register that which
they tell us> to register? Or are we to exercise
sound judgment in making appropriations under
the Constitution? If we are, then 1 ask the hon-
orable chairman who reports this bill, how far we
shall be advanced if his bill passes? Shall we not
be left precisely where we stand now, with evi-
dence accumulated, with reports made, and with
bills drawn,but bills not passed into laws, appro-
priations not made, and claimants not satisfied?
So far as I am concerned, I would as soon trust
the Committee on Claims of the Senate to-day, as
trust this court, if it were now organized.
This, sir, is one of the insuperable objections
which I have to the passage of the bill, that it
ddfcs not advance us a solitary inch in the progress
of business, unless it be taken for granted that the
reports of the court witf be infallible, and must
necessarily be indorsed by the two Houses of
Congress.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Will my friend, at this
point, allow me a word of explanation?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The honorable Senator
from Mississippi says he would trust the Com-
