108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
mittee on Claims of the Senate; but, as the chair-
man of that committee, I beg leave to inform him
that 1 have not time to investigate the vast variety
of oases which come before that committee, and
yet properly discharge my other duties, and con-
Eider, as I ought to do, much larger questions.
Mr. BROWN. In that connection, to keep up
the argument, allow me to ask the Senator whether
his committee, and other committees, have not
found time to report hundreds of bills which Con-
gress has never found time to pass; and if they
be not passed, what is the use of reporting any
more?
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, Congress
may not have confidence in those reports, because
we have not time to investigate, and to send out
and take testimony upon the part of the Gov-
ernment. The hearing before the committees is
entirely ex parte. From want of time, want of an
adversary proceeding before us, the Government
not being represented, Congress may not have
that confidence in our doings which they ought
to have.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I have never yet
heard any want of confidence expressed in the com-
mittees of either House of Congress; I have yet to
hear the integrity of one committee impeached; I
have yet to hear the skill or the ability of the com-
mittees impeached; but I have heard the integrity
ofboards of commissioners impeached, and 1 have
seen, and all the world has seen, that they were
either not honest, or were grossly careless in the
discharge of their duties.
Now, sir, suppose this court shall be organized,
and it shall pass some such enormous claim as the
Gardiner claim; will the press of this country be
muzzled, and stand in awe of the dignity of a
court? or will they not speak out against it as they
did against the board of commissioners which
allowed (hat claim? Will public opinion stand
aghast at the enormity of assailing a tribunal simply
because you call it a court? No, sir; it will be
assailed; it will he-overthrown; it will be covered
with odium and disgrace, if it shall happen to com-
mit an error of that sort.
Again, suppose that the commission which
passed the Gardiner claim had sent to Congress,
and we, relying—as I suppose we are expected to
rely—upon the wisdom, the integiity, and infalli-
bility of such a court, had gone on to make the
appropriation; what would have been said of the
gentlemen whose names were found recorded in
the affirmative on such a proposition ? I introduce
this illustration for the purpose of showing how
necessary it will become for each member of the
Senate and of the House, in protecting his own
reputation, not lo take these judgments upon trust,
but to stand and scrutinize each and every one of
them. If he does that, 1 repeat, this tribunal will
not advance you a single inch beyond the point
where you stand to day. It may report to you
more bills; it may give you more to do; but if
you do not pass the bills you now have before
you, are you likely to pass a larger number under
the influence of such a board or court as this?
You know, Mr. President, (Mr. Badger in the
chair,) and all other Senators know, that 1 am not
apt to be very particular about expense—perhaps I
am not enough so; but I wish now to inquire, what
are you to pay for this tribunal ? Why, you are
to pay in salaries the sum of §17,500 a year; you
are to authorize an increase of Executive patron-
age—and all for what? Simply to relieve the
committees of the two Houses of Congress fiom
the labor of investigating and reporting upon these
claims; for I assert again, that is all the court is
expected to do. The whole matter, therefore,
resolves itself down to this: are you willing to pay
this stun of money, thus to increase Executive
patronage, for the sake of having that done which
the committees can do, and now do, just as well ?
But this is not a tithe—nay, sir, it is not a hun-
dredth part of the expense of the court. The bill
provide? for appointing commissioners throughout
the whole United States and all theTerritories,atid
wherever else God only knows. The power to
appoint commissioners is unlimited. They are to
-be paid out of the Treasury when the commission
is to take testimony in favor of the United States—
and will there ever be a case when the Government
will not need testimony, and will not take out a
commission on its side ? Is it expected that this
tribunal is to decide on ex parte testimony—on
the testimony of the claimant? If not, then a
commission on the part of the Government will
be necessary, and necessary in every case. How-
much the expense will be increased by this pro-
ceeding, I do not pretend to know. Even if,
after all this expense, we were to reach any profit-
able end; if we were to be advanced a single
inch in the business of legislation, I should make
no objection to it; but, I ask again, if the bills
reported from committees now do not pass Con-
gress, are these bills more likely to pass? Why,
sir, what do we see every day in the other
House ? Bills to which no man on earth can make
the least possible objection, in the way of argu-
ment, have been suspended there from year to
year, from session to session, from Congress to
Congress, and yet they are not passed. If such
bills do not pass, tell me whether the bills drawn
by this court are likely to pass. The very mo-
ment one of them comes into the House of Rep-
resentatives, under the rules of that House, some
gentleman will rise up and say, " I object," and
the bill will go back again upon the Calendar to
take a long sleep of two or three weeks, or per-
haps as many months; and when it comes up
again, some other gentleman will say, " I object;"
not because he knows anything about it, but for
the reason that he does not know anything about
it; and hence nothing will be gained. 1 maintain,
then, that, by this bill, you are not striking at the
root of the evil; you are not reaching it; but are
involving the country in a heavy expense, making
a departure from all established principles, when
it is apparent to those who have investigated the
subject, that, in doing so, you are not making a
step in advance towards the great object of pass-
ing the bills and paying the claimants.
The committee who reported the present bill
have undertaken another very wide departure
from the old precedents of the Government.
They have undertaken to say to each subsequent
Congress: " You shall take no step backward in
the progress of these bills." They have under-
taken to say, that if this Thirty-Third Congress
gives a private bill two readings, in each House,
the next Congress must give us credit for it; and
if it has been read three times in one House, and
passed, and only been read once in the other, that
[louse, in the next Congiess, may give it one
reading more, and at another Congress give*"it its
final reading. I doubt very much, and but for
the acknowledged legal ability of the gentleman
who drew this bill, 1 should seriously question the
authority to bind future Congresses in this way.
Each Congress passes bills upon its responsibility
to the Constitution and to the country. This idea
of forcing one Congress under a legislative edict to
give credit for all that has been done in the prog-
ress of a bill at preceding Congresses, is doing
what [ very much question your right to do. If
this Congress passes a bill, how many times must
it be read > Three times m each House. If the
next Congress passes a bill, it must be read three
times in each House. Is the next House of Rep-
resentatives the same House that now exists, or
is it a new House of Representatives?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I think my friend from
Mississippi misapprehends the tenor and meaning
of the eighth section of the bill, and I therefore ask
for its reading.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
"Pre. 8. Jin<i l>e it farther cnacteil, That saul reports,
and the hills reported as aforesaid, : h.ilL it' not finally acted
upon during Ihr- .session of Confess to which ihe said re-
ports are made, lie continued from session 10 session,and
lrom Oonfiiess lo Conjiirss, until the same shall be finally
noted upon, and (lie consideration of said reports and tills
shall, at the suisetpient se.ssion ot'Conqress, he resumed,
anil the said reports and bills be pioceeded with in the same
mariner as though iinally acted upon at the session when
presented."
Mr. BROWN. Exactly, sir. Now, what is
meant by continuing bills " from session to ses-
sion,and from Congress to Congress," if it is not
expected that all that we do in this Congress in
reference to a particular bill, shall be taken into ,
the account of its passage at the next succeeding |
Congress; and then, if the two do not succeed in I
carrying it entirely through, the third Congress
shall give to the two preceding ones the credit for
what has been done > If that be not the purpose,
aim, and object of this provision in the bill, the
language in which it is drawn is veiy much mis-
applied. So far as taking up a bill at a subse-
quent session of the same Congress is concerned,
we do that every day. That is all right; but the
point which I make is, that this measure requires
that bills shall be continued from Congress to
Congress, and that I maintain you have no power
to do; at least, such is my judgment, and I, of
course, give it with great deference. I may be
mistaken, but it does strike me, with great force,
that you have no right to do such a thing. At
any rate, about this I am not mistaken, that this
is the first time in the history of this Government
when there has been an attempt to do such a thing.
If you can do it in reference to claims, why may
you not do it in reference to all bills, and all other
legislative business ? If you can do it in reference
to private claims, why can you not continue all
business from Congress to Congress; and what-
ever we leave undoneat the close of this Congress,
hand over to the next, and they take it where we
leave it? I say this is commencing a very serious
innovation; and if this be not the object, the lan-
guage should be so changed as to leave no doubt
of it.
I have other objections, Mr. President, to this
bill, which I will not detain the Senate by as-
signing now. The objections which I have stated,
if I had none other, are insuperable with me, and
I cannot, under any circumstances, vote for this
bill.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, there are two
classes of objections which are raised to this bill.
One is presented by the Senator from California,
[Mr. Weli.br,] who objects to the tenure of
office; he thinks it should be for a term of years,
and not during good behavior; the other, by the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] who
thinks that if the court be established it will be
inefficient and fail to answer the end which we
propose.
I think, sir, in regard to the tenure of office,
that it will be easy to show that we have to choose
between two alternatives, and that the analogies
which the Senator from California has attempted
to draw from the action of the States do not apply
here, and that precedents cannot be found in the
course which they pursue to govern us on the
present occasion. I say, sir, I think it is plain
that we have to choose between two alternatives—
either we have to appoint the members of this
court during good behavior, in order to make
them independent, or else, if we appoint them for
a term of years, they will be dependant on the
appointing power, who might remove them three
times a day if the Senate could act on the new
appointments so often. These are the two alter-
natives between which we have to choose, and
not between the practice of the General Govern-
ment here and the practice of the States. Why,
sir, in the States where judges are elected for
terms of years, they are elected by the people.
Here they are appointed, not by the people but
by the President. In the States, in every case
with which I am familiar, in all the constitutions
of which I have any knowledge, during the period
for which they are elected, they are independent
even of the people; they cannot be removed in my
State during the term of seven years, I think it is,
for which they are elected. Here, if we attempt
to give them a term of years, they will not be in-
dependent, even during that term, but will be
liable to be removed at any time the President
may choose. The danger, the fear is that they
will be removed upon every change of party and
upon each new Administration.
It seems to me to be very important to protect
such a tribunal against these dangers. For that
purpose I have gone to the Constitution of the
United States, in order to seek the rule by which
I^was to be guided. In the establishment of the
Federal courts, the Constitution provided that
the judges should hold during good behavior.
That system has operated well as a judicial sys-
tem. It has given us admirable courts, and I be-
lieve, for one, that those courts have been all the
better, because the judges were independent; for
observe, sir, the analogy does not exist between a
Federal judge and a State judge, which gentlemen
seem to imagine. Here, if the judges did not hold
during good behavior, they would be liable to
removal every day; whereas, in the States, where
they are elected for a term of years, they are
elected by the people, and are independent during
that period. I thought, sir, I could not go to any
surer source for guidance and instruction than to
the Constitution of the United States itself; and it
was because the judicial system of the United
