1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
States, in the main, had served so good an end,
so far as the administration of justice between
man and man is concerned, that I was disposed to
refer to that in a case of this sort for the establish-
ment of a court.
Again, it seems to me that if there ever was a
court which oughttobe independent—if there ever
was a tribunal which ought to be saved from the
* influences under which it might act if its members
were in danger of removal, it is exactly such a
tribunal as this; and in order to make its action
sound, and just, and pure, and impartial, it is
necessary not only to remove it from all danger
of proscription, but to subject it to that ordeal
which the gentleman admires so much, and which
I admire so much—to subject it to the ordeal of
public opinion, by establishing a couit whose
proceedings should be of record, and open, and
known to the world at large. It is to be obsei ved,
too, that this will be a court of somewhat larger
jurisdiction than the courts which decide only
upon law. AH matters are open to it, not only
matters of law, but matters of equity, and all i
cases which Congress may choose to refer to it. !
Now, if we had improper persons, persons acting ;
under improper influences, or persons acting in |
secret, what immense temptations would be 1
afforded to fraud and improper conduct! To !
save them from this, 1 know of no better means i
than to make them independent, so far as the Con- I
stitution has made the judges of the United States j
independent, and to hold them to that, responsibility j
which is worth more than all the pecuniary secu- j
Titles in the world—the responsibility of a man to j
public opinion for his character and his reputation, I
which he will value more when he is put m a j
this proceeding will be much more expensive, and
he refers to the salaries, some seventeen thou-
sand or eighteen thousand dollars, granted in this
bill, in order to show how much more expensive
this will be than the present system is. Why,
sir, a debate upon a single private claim will often
cost more than the entire salaries provided for in
| this bill; and the degree to which the passage of
I such a bill would shorten the sessions of Congress,
would constitute a saving far greater than any ex-
pense which we should incur by the establishment
of this court. He says commissioners are to be
appointed all over the United States; but on ex-
amination he will find that it is only proposed to
give to this court the authority which every court
has, to establish commissions to take testimony;
and the expense of the court will only be in pro-
portion to its business, and in proportion to the
expenses of the other courts, when you come to
compare the business of the two. That would
be all. The commissioners are not permanent of-
ficers; we only propose to give to the court that
power which is given to every court, to send out
a commission to take testimony in order to ascer-
tain the merits of the cases submitted.
We provide in this bill for a thorough examina-
tion and sifting of every case. It is to be pre-
sented, first., on petition by the claimant. He has
to state the ground of his claim. He has to state
the action of Congress, or of any Department, if
there has been any such action on the claim. He
has to state who are interested in it, and how they
became inteiested. That he has to state by peti-
tion to the court. Then there is an attorney of
the United States to look into it. if he finds it
necessary to examine testimony in order to ascer-
place where his whole excellence and eminence j1 tain whether this statement of facts be true, there
depend upon maintaining that character and that
reputation pure and intact. j
So much, then, Mr. President, for that branch :
of the subject—the tenure by which these judges
are to hold. I come now to the other brunch.
The Senator from Mississippi says that this court
will be inefficient, because they will have to report
their proceedings to Congress; and yet he has
given a very good reason why it is necessary that
they should report their proceedings to Congress.
He seemed to think, too, that there was something
of pretension in the name which was given to the
tribunal, and that it implied an intention to dictate
to Congress, and to say what they should do.
Well, now, there is nothing of that sort; but the
bill does especially require that there should be a
report to Congress of the evidence on which the
court act, of the reasons which govern them,
accompanied by the petition of the claimant, and
everything in fact which could be desired in order
to form an opinion in relation to the merits of the
decision. It is provided that all these things shall
be reported to Congress, in order that we may
know the grounds on which the decision is made;
and further, sir, for this other object, to hold the
court to its responsibility to public opinion for its
sound action, that the public may be able, jf they
choose, to review and examine the grounds of its
decision.
I think my friend from Mississippi, when he
comes to look a little closer into this bill, must see !
that such a tribunal would be greatly more efficient ;
than a committee. Why, sir, a committee of j
either House acts upon ex parte, evidence; it acts j
upon such evidence as the claimant may choose '
to afford, unless the claim happens to be referred
to some gentleman who takes a special interest in .
the matter, and wiil go a little further in order to ,
collect evidence for himself. In the court the ,
United States will be protected by an attorney, '
whose business it will be to look to the interest of ,
the Government, and to examine every claim. !
Here there is no such protection. There we shall
is the court, with power to send a commission to
the place where it should be sent in order to ascer-
tain the truth of the facts alleged. When the
depositions have been taken, and the evidence is
all before thecourt,and counsel,if it be necessary,
have been heard on both side?], the court determ-
ines publicly, and decides upon the case, and
reports to Congress its decision, and the evidence
and grounds on which that decision was made.
It is said, however, that it would not further us
in the dispatch of business, in regard to private
clamfe, to have such a report, because Congress
would examine these claims afterwards as much
as it did before. I think not. I believe there
might be some special case, there might be some
claim which, perhaps, from its magnitude, would
startle and astonish Congress, and into which
they would look; and to the extent to which that
practice would be earned, 1 believe it would prove
salutary as a restraint and acheck upon thecourt.
It would make them more anxious to determine
correctly and properly, when they knew their
decisions might be liable to such criticism; but,in
most instances, I take it that Congress would find
it right, proper, and expedient to accept thejudg-
mentof the court, and, after they had pronounced
on claims, pass bills m favor of those claims on
which they had decided favorably.
Here again, however, the Senator from Missis-
sippi finds an objection. He says this court is
to prepare the bills. Why, Mr. President, that
is no provision of mine; its authorship belongs to
another gentleman—a gentleman who was once
Senator irom Maine, Mr. Bradbury; but I think
it is an admirable provision. In the English
House of Commons they have their bills prepared
by lawyers, [Mr. Cass. Always.] in order that
these bills may conform to the general statutory
provisions of the country. I think it is eminently
proper, and is an admirable provision, to require
these judges to frame a bill in favor of a claim
after they have examined and decided it. Who
knows so much about it? Who so fit to do it?
have a body of men trained to the consideration I Having done it, they will afford to Congress, in
^ J  ! tho rlissMvirtfA nf this itnnnr!>iti{ Hntv. pvprv fflC.il-
of these matters, whose business it is to examine
and determine them. Here it depends on whether
members of a committee examine a case or not.
It would not often happen that the members of a
committee were as suitable and fit for such an
examination as judges selected on accountof their
fitness for this office, and whose daily and yearly
business is to examine into such claims. I think
there cannot be a doubt that, in regard to the
examination of claims, such a court would be a
much more efficient body than any committee of
But, sir, the Senator from Mississippi says that i
the discharge of this important duty, every facil-
ity which could be rendered by any tribunal. Is
there anything m which we so much need assist-
ance and aid as in this very matter, of the dis-
charge of justice to private claimants ? Do you
not know, sir, that they block up your doors here
for justice? Do we not know that justice is de-
layed until the heart of the claimant sickens within
him, and that, when we do take it up, it is under
such circumstances as often preclude us from
either ascertaining what is just, or doing what is
right in the case? Do we not all feel it? Sir, I
have felt it* 1 have felt compelled to votehundreds
of times on cases in regard to which I knew I had
not the information which enabled me to dis-
charge the judicial function that I was asked to
discharge in the case.
Sir, I believe that if we should pass such a bill
as this, we should render more service to the
country, we should do more to purify the legisla-
tion of Congress, than has been done by any
measure which has been proposed for a very long:
time. Forone, as i said the other day, I would
vote for almost any measure which proposed to do
something better than we are now doing in regard
to this vexed question which presses on us for de-
cision. I think thatthe bill which is now under con-
sideration will make an admirable beginning. I
have no idea that it is perfect, or that we could begin
with anything perfect; but 1 think by it we lay the
foundation for a good system, for an admirable
system,and one which 1 believe will produce most
important consequences hereafter in theproper ad-
ministration of this Government. Why, sir, Imay
perhaps be permuted to refer to it in this connec-
tion—one of the greatest reforms which was intro-
duced by the great Napoleon in France was the
introduction of a court of claims, which decided
upon accounts presented to the departments, an in-
stitution which proved to be so aamirable that the
English Government sent out a commission to
examine into its workings; and the report made
by Doctor Bowring on that subject shows a reform
which has been achieved and effected by this in-
stitution, such as must strike any man who will
choose to study the subject.
Here is a court which will afford the means, not
merely of enabling Congress to examine into the
equity of a case, but will afford the means of de-
ciding judicially upon the law of the case; and,
while u will not interrupt at all the proceedings of
the Departments, while they wiil go on unchecked,
unless Congress shall interfere, it will give the
claimant the means of revising the decisions of the
Departments themselves m a court, and of pre-
senting the opinion of the court to Congress.
How much better is this than the practice which
is beginning to grow up, of lawyers appearing
before Comptrollets and Auditors—for they have
appeared before Auditors, and Ibelieveeven Comp-
trollers—to argue cases in the Departments. Here,
sir, if claimants are aggrieved, they can obtain the
decision of a court, and appeal to Congress. Not
that it would havethepowerofinterfering with the
decisions of the Departments at all, but claimants
would have the power of obtaining the judgment
of the court upon the decision of the Department,
and appealing upon that judgment to Congress
itself. Is it not probable that this would prove
most salutary; and that this court would be found
to be an assistance in the working of the Govern-
ment, not merely to Congress, but to the Execu-
tive Departments themselves?
Mr. bROWN. I wish to say a few words in
reply to the Senator from Virginia. He brings
me to that point to which I supposed we should
be brought in the discussion of this bill, and that
is, that when the reports of the court are made to
Congress, Congress is to pass them nem. con.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not say so.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator says he did not
say so, but his whole argument went to prove it
so, and I will undertake to show to the Senator
that he has corneas near saying so as ninety-nine
and three quarter cents are to a dollar. He alluded
to my argument against the expense of this pro-
ceeding—and how did he answer it? By saying
that the discussion of one private bill now con-
sumes more money than the whole expense of
this court would be. Are we not to discuss these
private bills when they come from the court? If
we are, what becomes of the Senator's argument
about expense? for the same discussion will be
had then, I apprehend, as now. What becomes
of that argument unless we pass the bills without
discussion, which I said in the beginning was
expected of ur ?
Mr. HUNTER. I wiil correct my friend. My
argument was this: I hope and believe this court
will entitle itself to the confidence of Congress,
and will have so much of the confidence of Con-
gress, that in general its decisions will not require
revision; that the cases requiring revision will be
the exception and not the general rule.
Mr. BROWN. Then that is one step further
in the same direction which I was pointing out—
ii that this court is to have the confidence of Con-
