110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
gress, as the Senator expresses it, and we are to
register what it tells us without discussion. 1
dare say there wiii be an attempt to stifle discus-
sion here and in the other House of Congress,
and to force the decision of the court upon us,
whether we will or not. I protest, in advance,
against any such thing. I dare say it will be done;
but I have no doubt that after two or three years
shall have elapsed, its proceedings will be dis-
cussed. I know they ought to be discussed from
the commencement, because I know that the obli-
gation of appropriating money belongs not to a
court, but to Congress. That member of Con-
gress who fails to discuss or understand thoroughly
a bill appropriating money before he votes 011 it,
is not discharging his duty to the Constitution.
Why was Congress required to appropriate
money? Why was this responsibility riveted
upon us, which we are now endeavoring to shake
off? It was that the people's representatives—
those who are amenable to the people and to the
States—should give an account of the disposition
which they make of the people's money. Here,
sir, we have a proceeding which is to relieve us of
this responsibility. We are to have so much con-
fidence in this court, that we are not to discuss its
proceedings, except now and then, I suppose,
simply to keep up a show of discharging our
duties. This is precisely what I apprehended in
the beginning, because 1 saw, from the commence-
ment, that unless we did that, we should have
made by this movement—as I have already stated
—not one step in advance of the position which
we at present occupy. Unless you pass, without
discussion, the bills sent by the proposed court,
you will have accomplished nothing by its organ-
ization; and if you do discuss them, the court is a
nulliiy, not worth a sixpence.
Mr. PR ATT. I have listened v'ith a great deal
of pleasure to the very able speech of the Senator
from Virginia, with every word of which I most
heartily accord. There are one or two views,
however, particularly on the first branch of the
subject discussed by him, which I think it may
be important to submit to the consideration of the
Senate.
The honorable Senator from California has an-
nounced his intention to move to strike out the
words indicated by him, with the view of having
these officers, these judges, appointed for a period
of years, instead of during good behavior, as the
bill now provides, and I suppose, from the tenor
of the speech of my honorable friend, his dispo-
sition also is to have them elected by the people
of tho United States, for agreat part of" his speech
was taken up with a eulogy upon that mode of
appointing judicial ofiicers.
Mr. President, my honorable friend read to the
Senate the clause of the Constitution under which
we have authority to establish this tribunal. His
design is to stiike out the won! " court," and in-
sert the name " commissioners," ami then to
strike out the words "good behavior,"and insert
some specified number of years as the tenure of
the office. I submit to that honorable Senator, in
looking to our powei, what difference it makes
whether we call the tribunal appointed in virtue
of this bill to discharge the duties which are
described in the bill, commissioners or judges, if
the power conferred is a judicial power; and I
submit to the better judgment of" my honorable
friend whether any one who reads the first section
of the bill can doubt that it does confer judicial
power upon the tribunal to he appointed. I do
not care whether you call them judges or commis-
sioners. It is a judicial jwwer conferred upon
this tribunal, and under the Constitution you
have no authority to appoint a judge, or a person
to discharge a judicial duty, except during good
behavior. It appears to me, therefore, that that
part of the bill v/liieh provides that the tribunal,
under whatever name it may be called, shall be
entirely protected from the suspicion of being gov-
erned by any other than the purest influences, is
most important, and the tenure of office provided
for in the bill should be retained. And if I am
right, we have no power to gratify the views of
my honorable friend from California, by changing
tlia tenure of the office.
In reference to the remarks of the honorable
Senator from Virginia, upon the second branch
of the subject, there is one forcible argumentthat
occurs to my mind. The tribunal established by
the bill is to report to the Congress of the United
States its action. It is not only to report its
decisions, but it is also to report the grounds and
evidences upon which those decisions are predi-
cated. Now, I submit to the Senator, and to
every one who will read or hear the remark which
I am about to make, whether it is not the best
guarantee for purity of action that could be sup-
plied by any bill. The other courts appointed
under the Constitution of the United States have
their juries, and they make their decisions, and
those decisions they are not compelled to publish.
The appointment here is during good behavior;
and the judges appointed under this bill are to
report to Congress every year, at the commence-
ment of a session, and monthly afterwards, their
action on each claim, and the evidences on which
the action-is predicated. I submit whether it can
enter into our imagination that men of ordinary
capacity would act corruptly, or improperly, or
would act otherwise than m accordance with their
best judgment, when they are to have their decis-
ions repeatedly coming before this body, who
are to act, according to my understanding, not
merely upon the decisions themselves, but to
appropriate the money, provided the decisions
appear to be right.
The honorable Senator from Mississippi stated
that he had yet to hear anybody complain of the
action of this Government in reference to private
claims. The Senator is fortunate. I am upon
the Committee on Claims, and have been on it
since 1 have had the honor of having a seat on
this floor.
Mr. BPJ3WN. I did not say that they did not
complain of delay and want of justice, but that
the integrity and intelligence of committees has
not been complaincd of. Their reports are relied
upon, and the complaint was against Congress not
acting.
Mr. PRATT. I did not suppose that the
honorable Senator had intimated that the com-
plaint was against the intelligence of Congress,
but the complaint is that they do rot bring that
intelligence to bear upon the subject of the"claim
of the citizen. That is the complaint. 1 was
about to say that the honorable Senator was much
more fortunate than I have been, for I have yet to
find, anywhere out of Congress, any citizen of
the United States who does not complain iff our
non-action in reference to the claims of our citi-
zens upon the Government of the United States.
Mr. BROWN. I do not deny that at all.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator says that we are
not aiding at all in facilitating this business; that
reports are now made, we pass our bills, and they
go to the other House, the table of which is now
loaded down with bills which have passed this
body, making appropriations for the purpose of
satisfying the public creditors. Sir, it is because
the other branch of the Legislature is groaning
under that load that this bill is introduced here.
If Congress would act as soon as the committees
: repott; if it would take up, consider, and dis-
cuss, if it chooses, but act at once upon the bills,
and, where justice requires it, pay the claims,
there would be 110 necessity for the establishment
of the tribunal proposed by the bill. The very
argument of the honorable Senator, that the tables
are groaning here, and in the other House, with
private bills, shows the necessity for this bill.
Mr. President, I only rose for the purpose of
suggesting the constitutional* view which I have
presented, in addition to the able remarks of the
honorable Senator fiom Virginia, in regard to the
tenure of the office of these judges.
Mr. WELLEEt. The amendment which I
have proposed contemplates the appointment of
these judges or commissioners for a period of
years. It is true, sir, in the course of my argu-
ment, I intimated that, if it could possibly be
done, 1 would have the judges and all the officers
of the Government elected by the people. If they
are competent to select legislators to frame, and
an executive to enforce, the laws of the United
States, they have the capacity to elect their judi-
ciary to expound them. It requires no more'abil-
ity or integrity to do the one than the other.
Mr. PRATT. I would inquire of the honor-
able Senator whether we are not bound by the
Constitution in making these appointments, and
as that declares that judges shall hold their offices
during good behavior, whether he thinks we can
declare otherwise by this bill ?
Mr. WELLER. I do not regard this bill as
constituting a court under the provisions of the
Constitution of the United States. It is, in my
judgment, no court—it is not a judicial tribunal—
in the meaning of the third article of the Consti-
tution, and therefore the judges may not neces-
sarily be appointed during good behayior. In
other words, I hold that it is peifectly optional
with the Senate whether these officers shall hold
their offices during good behavior, or be limited
to a term of years. The Congress of the United
States undoubtedly has power to appoint com-
missioners; and what is the provision of this bill
but the organization of a board of commissioners
to ascertain certain facts ? What are those facts ?
They are facts connected with claims against this
Government. There is not a word in the bill
which makes the opinion of these judges the
judgment of a court. They are required by the
seventh section, "at the commencement of each
session of Congress, and at the commencement
of each month during the session of Congress, to
report to Congress the cases upon which they
shall have finally acted, stating in each the mate-
rial facts which they find established by the evi-
: dence, with their opinion in the case, and the
: leasons upon which such opinion is founded."
It is, therefore, to all intents and purposes,simply
a court of inquiry—a mere tribunal to take testi-
mony for the final action of Congress. It is to
be a mere tribunal organized for the purpose of
ascertaining facts and taking testimony, and sub-
mitting that testimony to the legislative branch of
the Government, where the case can finally be
disposed of. To avoid all dispute, however, I
have proposed to change the phraseology in the
particular which I have indicated. It is perfectly
competent, under the Constitution of the United
States, to appoint these judges for a limited time.
It appears to me no one can doubt this.
Now, sir, what is the objection to it? The
Senator from Virginia says that they may be re-
moved by the President of the United States. I
take it for granted that no President would attempt
to disturb this judicial tribunal unless there were
good and sufficient reasons showing that the pub-
lic interests demanded such a change. I say, sir,
that the same objection which the Senator from
Virginia urges against the appointment of these
officers by the President for a term of years, will
apply to almost all the other officers who may be
appointed by the Executive. The power I grant
you may be abused, but this is not to be pre-
sumed. No change would be made unless the
public good require it. I am not afraid of this
court becoming corrupt. My observation has
taught me that there is much more corruption in
the legislative department than in the judiciary.
The power has been charged with much more
than the facts will justify. I am not afraid of cor-
ruption, whether they be appointed for good be-
havior or for a limited period; but I prefer, for
the reasons which 1 have given, that they should
be appointed as other officers are, and as the spirit
of the age demands—for a limited time. !f the
first appointments were found, upon trial, incom-
petent or unfit for the stations, I would have them
removed. If, from age or bodily infirmities, they
were unable to discharge the duties of their offices,
I would evst in the hands of the President the
power to change them. If they become so gener-
ally suspected of a want of integrity or capacity
as to render their opinions of no weight before
Congress, let them be dismissed. I would have
no officer, under such circumstances, to fold his
arms in indifference and say you cannot touch me,
" I am a life officer."
Mr. PRATT. The section of the bill which I
suppose confers the judicial power is not the
seventh section, to which the Senator has referred.
The first section declares:
" The said court shall hear and determine all claims
founded upon any law of Congiess, or upon any regulation
ot an Executive department, or upon any contract* express
or implied, with the Government of ihe United States,
which may b« suggested to it by a petition filed therein."
So that it is that section which confers upon
this tribunal, call it what you please, the judicial
power of determining the claim of any individual
citizen against the Government of the United
States. The seventh section is to make it obliga-
tory upon the tribunal to report its proceedings to
Congress, which is entirely constitutional, if the
tribunal appointed is a court, within the view of
the constitutio al provisions because, I appre-
