1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
hend, there could be no constitutional objection to |i
requiring the Supreme Court of the United States H
to report the result of their decisions to Congress. !'
There would be nothing unconstitutional in it, if:
we were to apply the whole clause in the seventh '
section, so far as the report is concerned, to any :
court—the Supreme Court of the United States, ;
or any one of the inferior courts—appointed j
under the Constitution, as we apply it to this. It |
is the first section which confers the judicial ;
power; and I submit that we cannot, under a
change in the name, give a power which the Con-
stitution forbids of having these officers appointed
for a limited time.
Mr. CLAYTON. I do not propose to enter
into a lengthy discussion of this bill. I am sensi-
ble, sir, of the importance of acting, instead of
speaking upon it. It is a subject which has often j
been discussed; and, so often that, even.were I ;
prepared, at this time, to take up severally and in •
detail every passage, and section, and sentence of
the bill, I should think ita work of supererogation.
I take  t for granted that honorable gentlemen here ,
have turned their thoughts to this subject, each i
and alt of them, long before this, and that upon
the general principles involved in the bill, every :
man is ready to proclaim his opinion. But, after !
the course through which this debate has gone,
two or three words from me, as one of the mem-
bers of the committee, may not be improper.
It seems to me that there is a misunderstanding
on the part of some gentlemen as to the character |
and nature of the judicial power. This Govern- i
ment was sought, by the framers of the Consti- (
tution, to be divided into three classes—three J
distinct and independent powers to exercise its
functions—the executive, the legislative, and the j
judicial. Upon the separation of those powers, '
the very liberties of the country were deemed by
the framers of the Constitution to depend. The
greatest of the objects of separating these powers
was unquestionably attained by the Constitution
in its practical operation. Every man, however,
who has observed the proceedings of Congress,
must have been struck with the anomaly that
Congress, while a mere legislative body, has been
constantly engaged in discharging judicial func-
tions. Every private claim upon the Government
which has come before Congress has been con-
sidered by the two branches of Congress, each
separately, every member of each body acting as
a judge. 1 say, sir, as a judge. The Constitu-
tion defines the judicial power, and the character
of the judge. It says:
"The judicial power shall extend to all eases in law a rid
equity, arising under this Constitution," &.c. ''To con-
troversies to which the United States shall ho apaity," &c.
And every one of these private claims on the
Government is a controversy to which the United
States necessarily is a party. The judicial power
is defined by the Constitution itself, then, and is
expressly extended to all these cases. Ihe Con-
stitution is alao explicit as to the judges them-
selves. It declares:
"The judicial power of the United States shall be vested
in one Supreme Court, and in such interior courts as (lift
Congress may from tunc: to time outrun and e&iabhsh. 'I lie
judges, both of the Supreme and inferior courts, shall hold
their offices during good behavior.77
Sir, the spirit, to say nothing of the letter, of
the Constitution undoubtedly requires that those
who undertake to decide upon these claims should
be judges. They should be independent. No i
man can assign a reason why they should not be, ;
to all intents and purpose?, as independent as any j
other judges existing under the Government.^ it |
was, therefore, sir, with a view to the provisions |
of the Constitution itself, that the committee felt i
themselves bound to make the report of a bill
establishing a court—the judges of which should j
be as independent as any judge of the Supreme j
Court of the United States—to decide these cases. |
As it relates to the expediency and policy of
establishing this tribunal, is there a man within
the sound of my voice who does not know that
something like it is necessary: Why, sir, the last
session of Congress lasted some eight months. The
expenses during every day of that session have
been estimated by one of the officers of the Senate
at $5,150, and by another officer at at least $G,000.
I will take the smallest sum—$5,150. I think I
do not overrate the time that we were engaged m
considering private claims, when I say that it was :
at least fifty days. Now, taking the smallest sum j
computed fey an officer of this Government) as the I
expenses of a single day—$5,150—and you find
that the enormous sum of $252,500 was expended
during one session of Congress m attention to this
subject, which we propose to transfer to a court,
whose annual expenses will amount to some
flG,000 or #18,000.
It will not bear consideration, for a moment, for
ar.y man to undertake to charge that this bill
creates new offices and new expenses to draw
more money from the Treasury than is drawn
now. No greater measure of reform or retrench-
ment was ever proposed than this. Sir, I will
undertake to say that the expenses of Congress, in
the consideration of a single private claim, in a
former year—a petty claim, too—ahorse, (1 refer
to Amy Darden's horse)—cost the Government
'more than this tribunal will cost it for twenty
years. 1 could enumerate many other cases
almost as bad.
Now, sir, having for a long time been a witness
of these abuses, 1 have been compelled, by every
consideration of justice and duty to the country,
to lend my humble aid to the passage of this bill.
I do not pretend to say that it is, in every partic-
ular, precisely what 1 would have it; but every
great measure of this character must be a com-
promise of opinion. It is the best that could be
devised by the committee—the best we could agree
upon, in all its great and important features I
admire it, and shall give it my vote with all my
heart. If it should be discovered, in the future,
that ihere are detects in the organization of this
tribunal, as one of the Senators on the other side
of the Chamber has said,cannot Congress correct
it ? But, sir, we shall have gained a great step by
the passage of this bill; not only m the mere
saving of money, but in the more important point
of saving the honor, and dignity, and character of
the country. We shall, after its passage, I trust,
have no more imputations against the character of
Congress. Many slanders that have been circu-
lated will be crushed forever. Moreover, the jus-
tice of the court will be fur superior to that degree
of justice which we have meted out to claimants
here. Every man of experience on this floor
knows how loosely we act upon cases of this
description. Like the honorable Senator from
Virginia, I, too, have often been compelled to vote
upon claims which I did not understand, resting
my vote entirely in confidence upon the committee
that made the report; and is not that the case with
every gentleman ? How is it possible for any one
man, devoting himself to the interests of the coun-
try, in reference to any other subject than this,
to investigate every little petty claim, or even every
important claim, that comes before Congress. It
is out of the question. It never has been, and
never will be, done by any man. No such duty
ought ever to be enjoined upon us.
But my friend from Mississippi [Mr. Brown]
contends that it will be the duty of this Congress,
and of every other Congiess, to review the decis-
ions of this court when they come here upon
appeal. Sir, if we may be permitted to repose as
much confidence in the court as we now are com-
pelled to repo3e in the decisions of a committee,
we certainly shall not be losers by it. Your com-
mittees are composed, during different sessions of
Congress, of diiferent men. At one time you have,
at the head of the Committee on Claims, or at the
head of the Committee on the Judiciary, a gentle-
man entertaining certain fixed opinions in reference
to the mode of dispensing justice to these claim-
ants. A change occurs. We are constantly chang-
ing here, sir, as well as in the other House. A
new chairman, and new members of the committee,
are appointed. The law which is dispensed to
claimants one year, is not the law which is dis-
penses! to claimants during the next year. There is ;
no fixed principle that is always abided by. But
a court, sir, composed, as I trust this will be, of
some of the ablest men in the country—and the
compensation is placed so as to induce such to
accept the office—will be bound, as other courts
are, to decide according to established rules of jus-
tice, and to follow those rules as precedents. We
shall not, therefore, have one measure of justice
meted out to A, and a different measure to B; but
all the citizens of the United States, and all the
claimants against the Government, of whatever
character or description, will stand precisely in the
same position in reference to the justice which will
j be given to them. Here, then, is a tribunal, sir,
infinitely superior to ths Committee on Claims.
The proposition of the honorable Senator from
Mississippi would, unquestionably, better our case
very much; but would he, upon mature consider-
ation, compare the Committee on Claims, or any
other committee, with a court composed of legal
gentlemen, for the investigation of such cases ? I
have as much respect for'my colleagues in Con-
gress as anybody, but I cannot help saying that
men whose duty it is to devote their lives to judi-
cial cases, who are not to have their thoughts
distracted from judicial considerations, as we are
distracted here, would make a tribunal vastly
superior to any committee which we could appoint
for the purpose of examining such cases. With
regard to examining their decisions, suffer me to
say, thsxt, if that tribunal shall be established, and
its decisions shall come here for consideration,
instead of holding ourselves bound to examine
every case that the board has decided, we shall,
one and all of us, hold ourselves bound to respect
the decisions of the court below, unless some one
claims to be aggrieved by that decision, and can
point out to us, unequivocally, the error which is
contained in it. No man supposes that all these
cases shall be reviewed here by a committee, or
by any member. We shall only be acting as we
act now. Now, we repose confidence in our com-
mittee. Now, we vote upon the decision of the
committee. We do not examine the grounds on
which the committee have predicated their decis-
ions; and we shall not do it m the case of this
court, unless some claimant shall come forward
and ask that his case maybe reviewed, pointing
out, distinctly, some defect, either of law or of
fact, for our consideration and decision. Then
we may send it to a committee, if wo think proper,
or take it up and dsbate it; but I trust, if we are
going to have any respect for our own law-
making, we shall get rid of these cases which now
occupy so much of the attention and time of Con-
gress.
I beg pardon for having occupied so much of
the attention of the Senate. I did not rise to go
into a lengthy debate upon the subject.
M*. BROWN. Mr. President, 1 should not
again trouble the Senate—and I only mean now to
speak a few minutes—if Senators had not stated
my position entirely as though I were averse to
these private claims. I must have labored to little
purpose, if 1 have not convinced every one who
pays the least attention to my course, that I have
always sympathized deeply and earnestly with
claimants, and, perhaps, said as much, and en-
deavored to do as much, as any other Senator, or
any other member of the other House of Con-
gress, to relieve this branch of the Government,
and, at the same time, relieve the wants ®f pri-
vate claimants. It is, as I undertook to de-
monstrate this morning, because this bill dees not
accomplish either ef those objects, that I am
opposed to it. I da not wonder that claimants
should be in favor of this proposition. A man in a
frying-pan would be very apt to jump into tht fire—
anything for a change. Claimants hare suffered,
I know, for years and years under the inaction of
Congress. 1 have always been ready and anxious
to act in their favor; but when you make a change
at all, 1 want it to be a beneficial change; and tfie
point which I undertook to make this morning
was, that, before Senators should insist upon the
passage of this bill, they should show that the bills
coming from thecourt would be more readily acted
upon than bills coming from aeemmittes; for i
insist that, until that is shown, you have not shown
that this bill will give relief either to Congress or
to claimants.
1 want to show, while I am up, that so far
from this bill giving relief to the claimants, it will
be atotal denial of justice to all small claimants.
Why ? It involves an amount of expense to them
which they will never be enabled to pay, unless
they have a claim for some thousands of dollars.
Suppose there should be a claimant in one of the
remote States, as Florida, er California, or in ene
of the remote Territories, as Oregon, or Washing-
ton, for |500. Now, he presents his claim to his
Representative or Delegate, and he brings it here
before Congress, and gets some sort of investiga-
tion—it does not amount to a great deal', it is true,
but it does not cost him anything. Establish the
court, and what will you require of him ? He
must, in the beginning, employ an attorney to
present his claim to it, according to form; for here
;you aJw-pK^scvibiag-that petitions shall bo dsawn
