119
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21.
up in form, and then you are authorizing the
eourt to lay down the rales which are to govern
it. What will a poor fellow away off in Florida,
or California, or in one of the remote Territories,
know of the forms and rules of this court? How
is he to get his case fairly before the court, other-
wise than by employing an attorney? What
next? The court is to send out a commission—a
commission from Washington city to Florida, or
Oregon, or some other remote point, to take tes-
timony; and if testimony is to be taken in favor
of the claimant, he is to pay the expense of it.
What private claimant can afford to pay the attor-
ney *s fees and expenses of this commission sim ply
to get justice from his Government. I stand up
here, and in the name of those claimants, protest
against the iniquity of this thing. It is our busi-
ness to give justice to our creditors, and not im-
pose upon them expenses which will amount to a
total denial of justice. You have it in your power
to do it without incumbering them with those
expenses. You ought to do it; and if you are
faithful to yourselves and to the Constitution, you
will do it.
I want some one to show me how these enor-
mous expenses are to be avoided. What attorney
will take a claim from a remote State without his
fee? The court will have its own rules, and will
not consider a case without testimony. Ex parte
testimony will not be considered. A commission
will be sent out to take testimony anew. The
claimant must pay the expense, so far as his side
of the case is concerned. That expense must
necessartlyswallow up all the profits of the claim;
and then, when he has paid the expenses, where
does he stand ? Precisely where he stands to-day,
with a bill before Congress, which would be no
more likely to pass on account of the expenses
incurred and paid, than it is likely to pass now,
unless you do, as my friend from Delaware has
said, pass it because of your confidence in the
court. Sir, confidence is a plant of sickly growth;
the very moment that you breathe suspicion upon
it, it will be like the Exchange Bank of Washing-
ton. When confidence was destroyed, the bank
went down. When confidence is destroyed in
the court, the court will go down. Members will
not be apt, after once being imposed upon by a
decision from the court, to pass other bills with-
out consideration; and when you come to discuss
them as you discuss bills now, this discussion
will occur upon every proposition as it comes up,
as I will now proceed to demonstrate.
The expense of the discussion of biils coming
from the court will be equal to the expense of the
discussion of kills coming from a committee;
therefore, my friend's argument all falls to the
ground. How will the discussion arise? There
wisl be outside parties, ready to complain that
justice has not been done to the Government, or
to other parties; or the claimant will say that he
got but some fifteen, or twenty, or fifty per centum
of what he claims. He will say to his friends:
"Injustice has been done to me; I want you to
investigate this case; 1 want a discussion before
the Senate about it." In every case where a claim-
ant has not got all he asked for, he will demand
discussion; when he has got all he has demanded,
some ill-natured friend of his will be very apt to
prompt discussion. One single member rises and
attacks a bill on the ground of the insufficiency of
the testimony; then you will have all the discus-
sion on a bill coming from the court that you
have on a bill coming from a committee.
You cannot keep down these discussions; and
above all, Mr. President, you cannot prevent the
utterance of those two potential words in the House
of Representatives, I object." " I object" has
destroyed more bills in that House than the most
eloquent arguments have ever carried through it.
That same potent " I object" will be there to meet
your bills from this court, as they have met your
bills from committees; not because there is any
reason in it, not because there is justice in it, but
because members think proper to say 441 object."
I ask those who have served in the other House
of Congress, if this is not true, and to the letter,
according: to their experience ?
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Mississippi
seems to think that this bill will entail a great deal
of expense on the petitioner. I think not. It
requires him to do in the court what our rules
require him to do here, file a petition, state the
persens interested, and the action of Congress
and the Department upon it—a thing that he can
do without an attorney, if he can draw up a peti- j
tionatall.
Mr. BROWN. We all know that the repre-
sentatives of the people do not take note of the
want of form. We do not care whether the peti-
tion is precisely addressed according to the forms
of law, whether it opens and concludes properly,
or not. We look to the substance of the thing;
but what will the court do? What do we au-
thorize them to do ? Why, to make their own
rules. What do courts do? Where is the private
citizen in this country who can get his case fairly
into court, and fairly out of it, without the aid of
an attorney? Are not attorneys required in all
courts? Has not the ingenuity of legislators in
the several States been racked for years, seeking
to dispense with attorneys before a court ? And
what has it all resulted in? Why, in imposing
additional burdens upon the claimant. Where a
private party goes into court, he must go with the
aid of legal counsel, and so this court will require
the same thing, whatever may be the pretensions
or honest convictions of gentlemen.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe that there is nothing
in the requisitions of the bill which will require an
attorney more than the rule which we now have
in regard to petitions. It will be quite as easy to
present a petition to the court as to present it here.
But the Senator says no, because the court has
power to establish rules. We presume it will
establish sound rules, just rules; we presume it
will have sense and virtue enough not to impose
unnecessary burdensonthe petitioners. It will be
just asapt to enable the petitioners to appear before
them i*eadily, as we should be—and does the peti-
tioner escape the necessity of employing an
attorney when hecomeshere? How many claims
are there of any magnitude for which some claim
agent is not employed ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
Mr. WELLER. I think I can make a modi-
fication of that amendment, so as to bring the
Senate to a direct vote upon the question which I
propose. I can move to strike out " during good
behavior," and insert " a period of six years,"
giving notice that, in the event that amendment
prevails, I shall follow it up with a motion to
strike out the word " court," and insert the word
" commissioners," so as to comply with what I
regard the provision of the Constitution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The present
motion of the Senator from California is to amend
the first section, by striking out "during good
behavior,"and inserting i( fora termofsixyears."
Mr. CHASE. I regard this question, sir, as
likely to determine the fate of the bill, and it is,
therefore, one of very great importance. There
arc many Senators—or, at least, several Senators—
who cannot vote for the bill if it constitutes a court
instead of appointing a board, The bill, as it
came from the Committee on Claims, and the
former bill which passed the Senate, both provided
for the appointment of a board of commissioners,
and both of them, instead of providing for their
holding office during good behavior, fixed a term
of years. I cannot regard this delegation of power
to these officers as a delegation, in any sense, of
judicial authority-—judicial authority, 1 mean, as
prescribed in the Constitution of the United Spates.
Judicial authority implies power to determine
finally upon cases submitted to it. No tribunal
can be a court in the proper sense of the word,
unless it has the power to determine the law m
regard to the particular controversies submitted
to it. There may be an appeal from it, but if not
appealed from, its judgment is final.
Now, sir, the court, as it is called, provided by
this bill is not a tribunal from which there is either
no appeal, or whose decisions are final. It is to
discharge simply the function of a committee of
this body. It is to receive cases, and petitions
may be presented to it as are often presented to
ihe Senate, and referred to a committee. Evidence
ts to be submitted upon both sides; but after alf,
what is this board or court to do? Simply to
report the esses submitted to it to the Congress of
the United States for its action, expressing nothing
more nor less than its opinion.
In the analogies of the courts of law, I know
nothing more analogous to this than the case of a
master in chancery. He is appointed for the pur-
pose of investigating particular cases which may
be referred to him, and reporting his opinion to
the court. If that opinion is not excepted to, the
judgment of the court is passed upon it, and the
report is confirmed. So, too, in regard to an
auditor to examine accounts upon reference from
a court of law. He examines the case submitted
to him, and pronounces his opinion upon it; but
it is not conclusive. It goes to the court from
which his authority emanated, and that court de-
termines the question in controversy.
That is precisely analogous, it seems to me, to
this case; but who ever heard of a master in
chancery, or an auditor of accounts appointed for
life? The power is not judicial in any proper
sense of the word. It is not desirable that these
officers should be appointed for life. It is desira-
ble, in my humble judgment, to have a board to
which these cases can be referred which consume
so much of the time of Gongress and of the com-
mittees, and before which the parties can have an
opportunity of a fair and impartial consideration
and hearing, so that neither the interests of the
Government will suffer from inadvertence, hasty,
careless, or prejudiced action, on one side, or the
interests of the party suffer from similar influ-
ences on the other side. I am, therefore, in favor
of the appointment of a board; but I do not think
we ought to appoint a court, I think we would
go beyond our proper province in doing such a
thing; and therefore I do not think that the ques-
tion as to the constitution of courts comes prop-
erly into discussion here; but, if it were before us
for discussion, I should say I concur fully in the
opinion stated by the Senator from California. I
think no more desirable improvement can be intro-
duced into our system of government than the
limitation of the terms of all judicial functionaries,
requiring their election by the people; but that is
entirely outside of this case. All that we desire
to do now, is to provide a mode in which the
merits of the claims upon the Government will be
ascertained, for the purpose of saving the time of
this body, and the time of the committees, and
also for the purpose of securing the claimants
themselves and the Government against injustice;
and that we can get by the appointment of a
board.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not intend to take part
in this debate, and I shall say but a very few
words. I agree with those gentlemen who have
said that this tribunal—for I suppose it may be
entitled to that designation—is not to be vested
with the functions of a court—of a judge. I agree
with the Senator from Ohio in that rcspect. The
power of a court is to give judgment; and to give
a forcible judgment—one that can be enforced by
its own authority. So that I think the name given
to this does not change, in fact, the organization
of thetribunal. I regard it as nothing more nor
less than three persons to hold their office during
life, to perform the functions of judicial auditors;
or, as the Senator from Ohio has said, I think
their functions are more like those of a master in
j chancery, in my own State, or a master in chan-
cery in England; but in one respect I differ from
the Senator from Ohio, and that is in regard to
the tenure of office, for I think the master in chan-
cery in England—though 1 may be mistaken—is
almost appurtenant to the court, and holds his
office by a stronger tenure than the chancellor
himself, who, we all know, goes out of office by
i! a political change in the Ministry.
;! I am in favor of this tribunal. You may call
j| it a court, or you may call it a board of three com-
J; missioners. 1 am in favor of it for two simple
;j reasons; and in that respect I differ essentially
j, from the honorable Senator from Mississippi. I
j! have been here nearly eight years, and I declare,
i; upon the responsibility of a Senator, that I know
no body with which I have ever been connected
which pronounces a more irresponsible judgment
, upon the subject of claims than the Senate and
House of Representatives. Sir, the claims come
j, here through an irresponsible channel. How do
|j they come here? Why, nominally, they are pre-
!] sented by different Representatives and Senators;
,! but, in fact, so far as regards the claims themselves,
|1 if they are claims of any merit, the claimants
;! generally employ a claims agent; and, Mr. Presi-
dent, if their claims are without merit, they em-
ploy a dozen claims agents. [Laughter.] There
is a proposition which I present; if they are large
claims, without any merit, we have the agents
