116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbuky Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed, with
amendments, bills of the following titles:
An act to secure the right of citizenship to chil-
dren of citizens of the United States born out of
the limits thereof;
An act making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United
States,:for the year ending June 30,1856;
And two private bills.
Also, that the Senate had passed a .bill of the
following title:
' An act to continue in force, for a limited period,
the act to ascertain and settle private land claims
in the State of California.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. MAY. The Committee on the Judiciary
ha vs. instructed tne to report back the following
bill, which relates to the business of the District:
House bill (No. 445) to reorganize tke courts
of the District of Columbia, and to reform and
improve the laws thereof.
Mr. MAY then addressed the House:
I wish to say, Mr. Speaker, that, as I consider
"this a very vital question to the peoplSof the Dis-
trict, and to-day being the last of the days appro-
priated to the consideration of the business of the
District, I very greatly desire that this bill may
be brought before the House now, and that the
House, if such be its pleasure, proceed to the
consideration of its provisions.
It was, Mr. Speaker, during the last session of
Congress, and early in the session, that the Presi-
dent of the United States communicated to us a
message, accompanied by a report from the Attor-
ney General of the United States, notifying us of
the necessity of reorganizing the judicial establish-
ment of the United States, and also of that of th.e
District of Columbia, as well as Us system of
laws. That message and report were referred to
the Judiciary Committee, of which I have the
honor to be a member. In the distribution of the
subjects belonging to this message, the committee
desired that I should take upon myself the con-
sideration of that part of it which related to the
i'udic'ial system of this District, and to its laws.
confess, sir, that I felt great difficulty about
doing that. There were some reasons, personal
to myself, which I frankly stated to the gentlemen
of the committee, why the subject ought not to be
committed to me. They, however, thought other-
wise. And when I feltthat, notwithstanding these
considerations, 1 could yet give a candid and im-
partial examination of the subject; that I have
enjoyed opportunities which have been share?!,
probably, by no other gentleman in thin body, in
so great a degree, of informing myself about it;
when 1 now hold the same opinions on the subject
that I held before these personal embarrassments
were created; when I knew that it was a subject
most vital, I may say, to the happiness of the
people of the District,and that they were univer-
sally in favor of some measure of relief, 1 yielded
my private considerations, and accepted the
task.
I own that the bill presented now for the con-
sideration of the llouae has been the result of a
good deal of my own reflection and labor. It has
not only employed me, but also the other honor-
able members of the committee, and it has also
received the consideration of a large majority of
the members of the profession here, members of
the local bar, ag well as of many of the most
respectable citizens of the District, and 1 am au-
thorized to say they support its provisions. The
bill was reported in June last by the Judiciary
Committee, and was ordered to be printed; and
on my own motion, it was recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary, so as that the subject
might still be held under consideration for such
modifications as further reflections or advice might \
show to be proper.
The fact that the bill was so reported, and that
its provisions were notified to the public through I
the newspapers, the fact that it wan printed and
open to the examination of everybody who chose
to obtaifi a copy, that no efforts, as the House
well knows, were made to put the bill upon its
passage at the last session—the fact of this delay
and these opportunities for its complete investiga-
tion—these facts have induced the committee, after
making some modifications, to authorize me to
report the bill back again as a whole, and now put
it upon its passage.
Now, sir, there seems to me to be two principal
considerations which belong to our deliberations
upon this bill. I shall endeavor to occupy the
time of the House as little as possible, admonished
that, on subjects like this, it is quite impossible
that anything more than a general survey can be
made. I shall, then, with the pleasure of the
House, proceed first to consider briefly the his-
tory, plan, and operation of the present judicial
system, and of the laws here in force, which, I
persuade myself, will bring the conclusions of this
honorable body to the result that both are in great
need of a thorough reform, and that, in the language
of the message of the President, " they call loudly
for some action on the part of Congress;" and
then I shall proceed, in the second place, to con-
sider the provisions of this bill.
We all know that when the General Govern-
ment was anxious to locate its metropolis in some
desirable place, Maryland and Virginia made prop-
ositions to cede portions of their territory here on
the banks of the Potomac for that object; that
these propositions received favor from Congress,
and that the seat of Government was here located
under the direction of General Washington.
In 1791 an act of the General Assembly of
Maryland was passed, which ratified the cession;
and in this act of the Assembly of Maryland I
find a provision that the people of the ceded ter-
ritory, then citizens of that State, should be en-
titled to the benefit of its laws and institutions of
government, and that all the laws then in force in
that State should prevail and be in force over the
ceded portion until Congress should provide an-
other system of institutions, and enact such laws
as might be necessary to fulfill its duties under the
eighth section of the first article of the Constitution.
In that provision I see a solicitude on the part of
the Legislature of the State, which I have the
honor in part to represent, to provide for the future
welfare of the people of this District; and it was
on the terms of such a provision that Maryland
parted with a portion of her citizens, and gave
them up to the jurisdiction of the General Govern-
ment. An examination into the history of the
legislation of Congress and the condition ef the
people here, will show how far these desires of
Maryland have been realized.
In February, lSOl, the Congress of the United
States passed a law adopting the whole body of
the laws of Maryland then in force in that State,
to be and remain in force in this part of the Dis^
trict, and that the laws of the State of Virginia
should remain in force in the other part of the
District across the Potomac river. That act of
February, 1801, also established two courts. It
established a circuit court, with three judges, and
the judges of this court were, according to the
express enactment and terms of the section creating
their office,to hold it during good behavior. This
is a significant clause. It provided also for the
establishment of an orphans' court, which was to
take jurisdiction over probates and testamentary
matters. In March following, another court was
established here—a district court—and the chief
justice appointed by the act of February, 1801,
was to be ex officio judge of this court. Here,
then, we have three courts and four judges, or five
judges, considering the chief justice ex officio as
an independent judge of the district court. These
were the judges established in the District up to
1838, when Congress passed a law dividing the
criminal jurisdiction which the circuit court exer-
cised, and vesting it in another court. That act
created a criminal court, over which a single
judge was to preside. That, sir, is the last legis-
lation, touching the establishment of courts, that
was enacted here, so that we find now in force
here in the District of Columbia, four courts and
six judges, all maintained by the United States.
In 1816, Alexandria county, over which the
judges of the circuit court, the judge of the crim-
inal court, and the judge of the district court
presided, and administered their duties, was, at
the desire of its people, retroceded to Virginia.
Nearly one half of the District, in point of terri-
tory, and a large proportion in point of property
and population, was thus parted with. And yet
the judicial establishment remains to this hour
such as it was when the District was complete ten
miles square, as it was first laid out.
Now, sir, that is the history of the establish-
ment of these courts. Such is the plan of these
courts. Their operations depend upon the condi-
tion of the system of laws which they are called
upon to administer. It is a peculiar jurisprudence
which prevails here. These courts possess a
jurisdiction which is possessed by no other courts
in this land. They possess a common-law juris-
diction. They possess ajurisdiction under the old
British statutes, which were in force in the prov-
ince and State of Maryland up to the time ot'ces-
sion ; they possess jurisdiction under the enact-
ments of the State of Maryland at the period of
the cession, and they possess jurisdiction under
such laws as Congress has since passed.
It will be sufficient for me to say that, after a
lapse of fifty-four years, without the alteration of
the plan of the judicial system, without any im-
provement in the general scheme of jurisprudence,
except here and there a tinkering about it, in the
way of special or experimental legislation, (which,
in the minds of intelligent lawyers and others, has
been considered rather as injuring than improving
the system,) I say, it must conclusively appear,
from the consideration of this single fact, that the
system here must be exceedingly imperfect, and
behind the progress and wants of society. Why,
we live m an age of progress. The whole world,
the Old and.the New, is moving forward with pro-
digious strides in all its institutions, and in none
more than in its legal constitutions. Look at the
condition of Maryland and Virginia that surround
us. We see the oM systems of laws that have
been created, judicial systems that have been
founded or improved, since the cession, laid down
in the dust by the voice of the people sf those
States, and new systems erected in their place.
In Virginia we see an entirely new judicial system,
a noble code of laws, a monument to the wisdom
of her legislators. In Maryland we see, also, the
entire system of laws revised, and the Legisla-
ture proceeding continually, from that time to this,
in improving her system of general jurisprudence.
In 1850 we heard the voice of the people of that
State demanding a further reform, and we saw a
convention assembled at Annapolis to effect a
thorough and complete reorganization of the judi-
ciary, abolishing the old systems altogether, and
creating a new and simpler plan, and also pro-
viding for a codification of her laws.
Speaking of the general operation of the judicial
system here, I beg the House to understand, that
I apply my observations exclusively to the defect,
of the system, not meaning in any way to in-
dulge in any kind of criticism or observation upon
any matter which may be personal to the judges
of the District, or which may go to affect their
integrity or fidelity in the performance of their
duties. I says the operation of the circuit court
here, is a perfect anomaly in the history of juris-
prudence. Since the infirmities of age have taken
from the bench the chief justice of that court—an
honored and venerable man, whom no one in this
community venerates with a more sincere feeling
than I do—and deprived him of the capacity to
perform his duties now, or hereafter, that bench
now remains composed of two judges. Its juris-
diction is most comprehensive. And as the right
of appeal to the Supreme Court only begins where
the measure of damages or final judgment is over
$1,000, every one will at once perceive that, in
a case below this sum, how a judicial doubt,
which may divide the court and leave it without
any determination of the questions that may be
presented, may yet decide the right of parties with-
out any redress whatever. I say, that it is an
anomaly, which cannot be found in any system
of laws in any civilized country. Not only so,
but the modes of procedure are such as existed
according to the practice of common law in Eng-
land, and are extremely technical and imperfect.
It takes a party eighteen months before an undis-
puted cause can be brought up for consideration.
There are other defects of every description in
the procedures of this court, which, I fear, time will
not be afforded me to consider in detail. The
voice of the people here, with respect to the utter
and complete abolition of the present constitution
of this court, is most unanimous. Long before I
had entered into any unfriendly personal or pro-
fessional relations towards this bench, I had, in
accordance with the teachings of a public duty,
taken an earnest, and, perhaps, a prominent part in
advancing measures of reform about this judiciary;
