1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
tion I have assumed can be enforced by the highest
judicial and legislative authorities. In 1802 Con-
gress exercised the po,wer to abolish the Federal
courts, and that by a very decisive majority of this
House. The courts of this District do not ema-
nate from the same high source—the Constitution.
They are mere legislative courts.
The second section provides for the establish-
ment of a court of common pleas, of which there
shall be a single judge, to be invested with all the
powers now possessed and exercised by the cir-
cuit court of the District. The process of this
c«urt and its pleadings are plain and speedy, and
are copied after the plan in force in the State of
Virginia. Judgments in undisputed cases may be
obtained in the clerk's office by a process of the
most simple and speedy nature. This court is to
hold its session three times in the year. The sec-
tion is a long one, and consists, for the most part,
in describing the process. I have not time further
to explain it.
The third section establishes a court to be styled
"the court of equity," and is to have the equity
jurisdiction now held by the circuit court, and is
also to have the jurisdiction of the orphans'
court—a jurisdiction of the most important and
interesting character—one which has in its keep-
ing the rights of widows and orphans. Sir, that
court exercises a jurisdiction over one third of the
entire property of this District, in the period of
twentyyears. Ithas notbeenconsidered necessary
in the constitution of that court as it now exists,
to require that the judge should be s professional
man, and unprofessional persons have been usually
appointed to discharge its duties. This has been
considered bj? intelligent citizens, and by lawyers,
as a jurisdiction of so much importance that the
selection of professional men as judges would be a
matter of great importance. We have therefore
carried that jurisdiction to the equity court which
is to be filled by a judge learned in the law.
This courtis required to be open every judicial
day in the year, and the rules of equity practice,
which are prescribed by the Supreme Court, are
to be the rules for its government. At present
there are two systems of rules, of such practice—
and they are in conflict.
The fourth section establishes a criminal court,
to have a single judge, and to possess all the crim-
inal jurisdiction which is now possessed by the
criminal court of the District, and all the criminal
jurisdiction of the District court. And here, I
wish to say, that under the present constitution of
this court, ithas been found extremely difficult to
ascertain the jurisdiction properly belonging to it.
Anotorious criminal, who was indicted formurder
on board of one of our ships of war, was tried
before this court, and convicted of manslaughter.
Thejudge, upon his own suggestion, arrested the
judgment, upon the ground that his court had no
jurisdiction to try the case. It was then carried
to the district court, and the question was heard
before Judge Cranch, who decided that his court
had no jurisdiction over the case, and the result
was* that the criminal who had been tried and
convicted, was discharged from prison and went
free! We believe that if this plan is adopted a
great expense in this court will be saved to the Gov-
ernment, and that twenty cases will be disposed
of where one is now, and it will mitigate that evil
practice which now so often prevails, by which
innocent and friendless persons are too often
prosecuted purely through malice, and being
thrown into prison, are kept there for a suflenng
season awaiting trial.
The next section provides that the clerk of the
chancery court shall also perform the duties of the
office of register of wills—an important office—and
its duties appropriate to the clerk of the equity
court, so that by this provision widows and children
and all who are concerned in the jurisdiction of
that court may have an opportunity to see the
transactions of the court kept according to the
plan of an enlightened and well regulated system.
Then there are provisions for transferring rec-
' ords from one court to another, and to the new
courts which this bill proposes to establish.
Then, sir, there is a provision in the next sec-
tion, giving certain special powers over appeals in
patent cases, &c. There is great complaint upon
that subject made by the Secretary of the Interior
in his report which I have quoted. The law author-
izes appeals to be taken in patent cases to any
judge of Che circuit court. These cases are taken
now, sometimes, to the present chief justice,
merely for delay, as he, by reason of his infirm-
ities, is unable to consider them. The Secretary
of the Interior states that he doubts very much
whether, after the termination of his life, the other
judges will be in a situation to meet the expecta-
tions of the public in this respect. There are
cases now held open by appeals taken in this way,
which have been depending for two years, accord-
ing to the report of the Secretary of the Interior.
1 read what he says:
" The law now allows any person who appeals from the
decision of the Commissioner of Patents to select which
of the three judges of the circuit court of the District he
chooses before whom to brim* his appeal. The chief jus-
tice of that court will probably never aeain be able to en-
tertain an appeal, so that taking an appeal before him is
tantamount to its postponement during the term of his nat-
ural life, and e.ven after his death there may be some
question whether the delay will be at an end. By such an
abuse of the law a case has been suspended m this manner
for nearly two years, and may be continued for an indef-
inite period."
Then, sir, there is next established a local court
of appeals, which court is composed of the three
judges of the courts below, any two of whom
shall constitute a quorum. The judge who de-
cided the case in the court below is made incom-
petent to sit upon the question on which the ap-
peal is taken. This provision is made in part to
relieve the Supreme Court of the United States
from the appeals taken to it from this District.
Thatcourtmaybe considered, also, as a part of the
local judiciary, so far as this appellate jurisdiction
is concerned. These appeals impose upon it a con-
siderable additional burden, already too great, (as
every gentleman in Congress and every lawyer
knows,) to be transacted by the court, with ail its
faithful and persevering efforts. By this section
we propose to give to the people of the District a
local court of appeals to determine all those ques-
tions arising under a peculiar system, which do
not require the consideration of the Supreme Fed-
eral Court, which are not of a general and com-
prehensive nature, or involving the settlement of
principles either interesting or instructive to the
professien or the bench. The record which carries
up the case, according to this bill, is simply the
docket entries of the case, a certificate of which
incloses the original papers; the courts being in
the same building, the clerk of the court below
handa it to the clerk of the court of appeals, at
a cost to the parties of one dollar, instead of the
expense of some hundred dollars, as may now be
incurred, in making up a record to the Supreme
Court of the United States.
• A Member. In what cases are appeals to be
allowed to the Supreme Court?
Mr. MAY. In all cases ovor $2,000, which is
the limit prescribed in relation to appeals from all
the other courts of the Union.
The ninth section contains provisions for the
%ppointment of clerks—a clerk of each court—and
who is to be only clerk of one court.
The tenth section provides that, in case of the
disability of a judge, another judge shall take the
place of thejudge who may be disabled.
The eleventh section provides for the transfer of
records >of cases now pending in the Supreme
Court.
The twelfth section has reference to certain
duties which relate to the surrender of fugitives
from justice from other parts of the Union.
The thirteenth section authorizes appeals from
the decisions of justices of the peace to go to the
court of common pleas, to be there considered,
so as to allow the law which belongs to such
cases to be determined by a judge who under-
stands it. It has been a crying evil here, and it is
the subject of complaint in several of the letters of
gentlemen of the profession, addressed to the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, to
be found in this volume. A party who chooses
to bring an action against another may arrange
with the constable to summon a jury of idlers or
loafers, who hang around the justice's office, or
neighborhood, and every question of law belong-
ing to the case is submitted to them for their con-
sideration. The law is withdrawn from the
cognizance ef the justice, and goes to the absolute
discretion of the jury, and no matter how they err,
or with what motives, or what flagrant injustice
may be done, there is no remedy whatever.
In the next section power is given to the court
of equity to grant divorces from the bond of mar-
riage. There is now no such power in any court
in the District. Parties here, who are in the
unhappy situation of needing such a jurisdic-
tion to dissolve the marriage bond, are obliged to go
into Virginia or Maryland, and to remain there a
number of years to obtain the required residence.
Next is a provision, and a very important one,
in the fifteenth section, which looks to the pecu-
liar constitution of the territory of this District.
There is but one county in the District, and there
can be no change of venue, no matter how much
prejudice, or bias, or partiality may be prevailing.
There is, therefore, no possible mode by which
the benefit of an impartial and unprejudiced jury
can be obtained. The provision here, looking to
the only practicable remedy attainable, divides
the county, in cases where the party makes it
appear to the satisfaction of the court that there is
such local bias or prejudice prevailing in either
division, and authorizes the marshal to select a
jury from some other part of the District free from
such bias, and separated from it on any question
of interest.
Then there is a provision for the appointment
of a sufficient number of coroners, to hold in-
quests—that they may be prompt—and besides
this, these coroners are to perform other important
duties in arranging jurors.
The eighteenth section reduces all the expenses
of taxation, and all the fees and charges of the
clerk's officers, as well as the fees of the district
attorney, marshal, and coroners; and this is to be
done in the only practicable and efficient way of
doing it—by the new judges created by the bill.
And when this new and reduced tariff of fees is pre-
pared, (which is their first work,) itisto be printed
and put up in conspicuous places for the informa-
tion of all concerned. Fees, as well as fines, are
now, strange to say, sometimes here ascertained in
pounds of tobacco, under the old law of Maryland.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Maryland a question.
Mr. MAY. I have but a moment of my time
left.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
how, if the courts are abolished, he proposes to
reestablish them ? I have looked carefully over the
bill and can find no provision of that kind.
Mr. MAY. The courts in this bill are estab-
lished by specific enactment, as will be seen in the
fust section.
Mr. TAYLOR. Then, how are the judges to
be appointed—by the people, or by the President?
Mr. MAY. The mode of appointment not
being prescribed, or provided for, in the bill, of
course they will be appointed by the President of
the United States, as all other officers of the
United States are, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate.
Mr. TAYLOR. The bill makes no provision,
I betieve, upon that subject.
Mr. MAY. Then the bill proposes a new plan
for summoning jurors, to remedy what has b?en
felt to be a great evil. Why, sir, persons out of
employment, persons who cannot get employment,
persons who are undeserving of employment, too
often manage to get themselves summoned as
jurors to sit at the expense of the Government, at
JU 25 a day, through the protracted terms of all
these courts, and thus too often becoming parti-
sans of the different gentlemen of the profession
who may be engaged most actively in the trial of
cases 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SEYMOUR. I rise, not for the purpose
of taking the floor, but to say that, as the gentle-
man from Maryland has not quite completed his
explanation of the bill, I hope he will have the
unanimous consent of the House to conclude it.
[Universal cries of " Agreed !"]
Mr. MAY, (resuming.) I desire to explain
the provisions of the twentieth section, which are
most important. The plan recommended for
summoning the jurors—to consider this a moment
longer—is that adopted in some of the New Eng-
land States.. The coroners of Washington city,
Georgetown, and the county of Washington,
furnish the marshal of the District with the names
of such citizens as they may select, who are to
serve as jurors, according to the number which
shall have been previously ascertained to be suf-
ficient by the judges, and their names are placed
on ballots, in a wheel or box, and to be drawn
out in the presence of one of the judges, and they
are to be drawn, term after term, in a sufficient
