1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
the provisions of this bill; that there were fifteen,
if I remember the number correctly, who were
opposed to the provisions of the bill. The gen-
tleman from Maryland believes t'nat some of the
objections named in that remonstrance have been
removed by the bill as now modified.
I have examined this bill, in connection with
the bill which was reported in the other branch of
the Capitol, at the time referred to by the gentle-
man from Maryland. It is substantially the same
bill, so far as it regards the change proposed to be
made in the courts, without embracing the arrange-
merits presented here for the codification of the
laws.
I do not understand that the people of this Dis-
trict have been heard on this matteratall. Why,
sir, I believe that in other cases where it has been
deemed essential to revolutionize the courts, there
has been some action on their part. Here I do
not understand that there has been any. I look
around me, and I see no man standing in his place
on the floor delegated to speak the views of the
people of this District. I do not understand that
more than thirty, or thirty-two, of the bar have
spoken in favor of the bill. I do not know what
they have said; but I do know what some of the
most influential, the most able, learned, and in-
telligent members of the legal profession residing
here, have spoken and written on this subject;
and I shall call attention to it. The same iticts
existed .in 1850 which now exist, and yet I hold in
my hand the opinions of Messrs. Bradley, Car-
lisle, Moffatt, Cox, and others, which were drawn
out by the reference, on the part of the committee
of the other branch of Congress, of this verywub-
ject to their consideration. Now, 1 do not under-
stand that the honorable gentleman from Mary-
land has stated that he intended to express the
opinions of either of the gentlemen whose names
I have given. It may be that they have since
changed their views, and it was therefore that 1
stated the names.
Mr. BRIDGES I propose to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts whether he knows Judge
Cranch, of this District?
Mr. ELIOT. I do.
Mr. BRIDGES. Is he in any way related to
Judge Cranch ?
Mr. ELIOT. Judge Cranch'a wife and my
grandmother, when they were both living, were
sisters.
Mr. BRIDGES. I will ask, further, whether
the gentleman does not know that Judge Cranch
has been entirely incapable for the discharge of
his duties as judge for the lost five years, and
whether, during that time, he has not diawn an
annual salary of #2,900 ?
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman catechizes meas
though 1 were his pupil.
Mr. BRIDGES. I asked .the gentleman the
questions for my own information, as well as that
of the House.
Mr. ELIOT. I beg to ask the gentleman
whether he does not know what he inquires for ?
Mr. BRIDGES. 1 do.
Mr. ELIOT. Then why the questions? •
Mr. BRIDGES. I put a civil question to the
gentleman, and expect a civil answer.
Mr. ELIOT. My answer was as civil as the
gentleman's question.
Mr. Speaker, Judge Cranch is too well known
in this District to need defense at my hands. There
is no gentlemen who has visited this city tor
years who has not heard of him. It is not lor
me to say that he is not now what he has been.
Nor is it for me to say that Congress wjll not
legislate his salary from him. Sir, hiWve&rt'ti
blood, his whole active life, all his energies,
have been devoted to his country's service. lie
was placed on the judicial bench in 1800, and he
has remained there ever since He has done a
vast amount of work, and it has given character
and honor to the profession and to the bench.
Not another American of whom 1 know can ex-
hibit a more massive, or enduring, or honorable
monument than the legallaborsof that judge have
erected. Has the honorable^ gentleman from
Pennsylvania examined the judicial labors of
Judge Cranch ? Has he read the book to which
the honorable gentleman from Maryland referred ?
Can he tell me the compensation Judge Cranch
received for it?
Mr. BRIDGES. I well understand what the
labors of Judge Cranch have been in former
years. I spoke of latter years; those were the
ones to which I referred.
Mr. ELIOT. By the laws under the Constitu-
tion, I believe that we have no pensioners. In
England, before a man had devoted one fourth
part of the time or labor to the service of the
kingdom that Judge Cranch has to this country,
he would retire on a pension. Does the honorable
member mean to call on Congress to legislate
away the office of judge, because Chief Justice
Cranch is now unable to perform the work inci-
dent to it ? Why, sir, if the honorable gentleman
should be questioned by me, and asked whether
he had any personal reason for desiring the pas-
sage of this bill, he would think that I was step-
ping aside from the proper line of debate.
'Now, let us see whether the interests of this
District are such as to demand a reformation of
the judiciary, and a decapitation of the existing
judges.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
with the permission of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, I will state, that I have before me
the memorial sent to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary by the members of the bar in opposition to
this bill. The gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
May,] by mistake, stated that there were about
fifteen names signed to it. I find on looking over
it that there are twenty-seven names. Two oT
the gentlemen erased their names, stating that
they had signed it under a misapprehension of its
contents. It is proper that the gentlemen should
have the entire benefit of the objection of members
of the bar to this bill. There are two grounds,
and only two, as 1 understand, on which this bill
is opposed. The one first stated in this memorial,
was the idea of exercising the constitutional power
of exclusive legislation over this District, by au-
thorizing a body of laws to be composed under
the direction of the President, and become of force
by his proclamation. That was the original form
of the bill; but when the committee came to look
into the bill, after it was reported during the last
session, they themselves, previous to the coming
in of this remonstrance, had discovered the error
into which they had fallen in that part of the bill,
and hud corrected it by directing that the provis-
ions of the code should be submitted to the people,
and after having been submitted to the people, and
approved by them, they should then be enacted by
Congress. Thus that objection has been removed.
The other objection "felt by some members of
the Committee, anil among others by myself, was
to the disturbing of these gentlemen in their office
who, by the existing law, if not by the Constitu-
tion of the United States, hold their offices for
life. 1 confess that, while I agreed to all the de-
tails of the bill, I had some difficulty on that point.
1 looked into the decisions of the Supreme Court
with reference to the territorial judges, and espe-
cially the decision in 1 Peters, where they use the
strongest language, one which will undoubtedly
cover this case. I think, humble as 1 am, that
the Supreme Court have not given a proper inter-
pretation of the Constitution of the United States
in that case. Nevertheless, it seems to be the
settled law of the country, and the settled con-
struction of the Constitution, and, therefore, so
far as the constitutional construction is concerned,
1 do not see that that objection can be made to
the bill.
Those are the only objections, so far as I know,
which have been made from any quarter. One
has been remedied; the other cannot be remedied
unless by another alteration of the bill.
Mr. ELIOT. I will ask the honorable member
of the Judiciary Committee to state, in respect to
the territorial bills to which he refers, whether he
considers the tenure of olKce therein provided the
same as that provided in this bill, and as resting
on the same constitutional grounds?
Mr. STANTON. The question to which I
referred, was as to the power of Congress to estab-
lish a tenure of office different from that fixed by
the Constitution. But the Supreme Court of the
United States have, as all legal gentlemen know,
intimated, if not directly dccided, that the judges
of the Territories do not hold their offices under
the clause of the Constitution establishing the
tenure of the judges of the Federal courts, and
that, therefore, thefixing of the tenure of the terri-
torial judges at four years is no violation of the
Constitution of the United States. This opinion
is distinctly expressed in a case reported in 1st
Peters, upon the ground that Congress has the
exclusive power to legislate for the Territories;
and, upon the same ground, the same opinion
must be held in reference to the judges of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, for Congress has also the exclu-
siye power to legislate for the District.
The report in the same case also goes further,
and states that the judicial power exercised in the
territorial courts is not that which is contemplated
by the Constitution, which is confined to certain
enumerated cases. Now, it must be conceded,
certainly, that the jurisdiction of the courts of the
District is not embraced in the cases enumerated
in the Constitution, and, therefore, it would seem
to follow, that the tenure of the judges of the
district courts does not come under the provision
of the Constitution of the United States providing
that the tenure of office shall be for life, or during
good behavior.
But, if the gentleman will allow me to say so,
I think the tenure of the judges is a question
altogether different from that of the jurisdiction
of the courts. The Constitution says, that the
judicial power of the United States shall extend
to certain enumerated cases. Of course that ap-
plies to the States. But the courts of the Distric'
of Columbia have a general jurisdiction, going
beyond the cases enumerated in the Constitution,
and coextensive with the exclusive power of Con-
gress. Yet I do not exactly see why they are
not still courts of the United States, established
under the power given in the Constitution to erec'
tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court, and there-
fore subject to the limitations and conditions therein
provided as to the tenure of office by the judges.
The highest tribunal, however, has thought other-
wise, and the question may be considered as
already settled.
Mr.' ELIOT. In the report which was made
by Judge Buti.er, of South Carolina, in the Senate
in 1850, that objection was made and commented
upon. I will read one or two paragraphs from
that report, and ask the attention of the House
to them:
"The proposition to appoint new judges, upon any other
tenure than that provided by section one, nrlielc Iliird, of
the Uonshtulion—which deelarcs lliat ' the pidse?, both of
the supreme and inferior courts, shall hold their ofiiees
during good bebavioiJ—is one wbieh your committee are
not mepared 10 adopt. The condition of the District of
Columbia diffeis widely fiom tilllt of tile Teriitories. If is
not, as (hey are, in astuteot tiansmon. It has its fixed anil
petiimneril status under the Constitution. Its judituiry is
invested with a portion of thejudicial power of the United
States under the Constitution, and is clearly within the
spirit of the provision just cited. Under this construction
of the Consutution this circuit court was created. - Tts
jud cs were appointed under the third section, ninth article,
ol the act ol 27th February, 1801, which declares ihat ' they
shall hold their respective office* during good behavior
' and shall take the oath or afiirmation provided by law to
be taken-by the judges of the circuit courts of the United
States.'
"After the foregoing views on the subjects of this hill, an
important question presents itself, to which the committee
teels it its duty to advert.
"Is it the object, and would it be the operation of the bill,
should it pass, to abolish the judicial system of the District,
and thereby the ollices of the judges, vvilii a view of lil&ti
luting a difi'cient system, and investing the judges to bo
appointed under it wilh entirely different functions from
those which belong to the present judges; or, is it die pur-
pose of Ihe bill, under a mere legislative act, to remove
fiom office the present judges, with a view ol appointing
others, who shah have devolved upon them essentially the
same duties ?"
Now, Mr. Speaker, the interrogatory was put
by my honorable friend from Ohio, [Mr. Taylor,j
as to the manner in which the new judges are to
be appointed by this bill. The reply was made,
that according to the provisions of this "bill, they
were to be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate. Now,
sir, the President derives his power to appoint
judges from the Constitution, and from no other
source. The Constitution authorizes him to ap-
point the judges of the Supreme Court, and other
inferior officers. Where,then,does the President
derive the power, under the Constitution, to ap-
point a judge, except during good behavior?
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to refer him to a case to which I have before
referred, and which I now have before me It is
the case of the American Insurance Company,
reported in 1st'Peters.
« We have only to pursue this subject one step further, to
perceive that this provision of the Constitution ot the United
States does not apply to it. The next sentence declares
that 4 the judges of the supreme and inferior courts shall
hold their offices during good behavior.' The judges of the
superior courts of Florida hold their offices for four years,
