1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
was entitled to the floor to make his motion, but
not to debate.
Mr. WASHBURN. The previous question
had not been ordered upon the passage of the bill
when I made the motion, and under the practice
heretofore pursued, 1 hold that I have the right to
address the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is very clear,
by the rules, and, according to the recollection of
the Chair, by the uniform practice cf the House,
that a motion to reconsider is not debatable when
the previous question is operating upon the bill.
The question was then put upon Mr. Wash-
burn's motion, and the House refused to re-con-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The question then recurred upon the passage of
the bill.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAGE. As it is very late in the day 
(Cries of " Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. SAGE. I will make the motion that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a question of
order. The House have just refused to adjourn,
and the gentleman cannot make the motion over
again.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Ch nir over-
rules the question of order upon the ground that
business has been transacted since the House re-
fused to adjourn. The Chair entertains the mo-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand tell-
ers upon the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wai.khr
ant! Boyce appointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reported—
ayes G7, noes 55.
So the motion was agreed to; and
Thereupon, at twenty minutes past four, the
House adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 29, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicek.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The Hon. D. It. Atchison, of Missouri, ap-
peared in his seat to-day.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives,
authorizing the corporate authorities of George-
town to impose additional taxes, and for other
purposes, was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
JUDICIAL SALARIES.
Mr. TOOMBS, from the Committee oil the
Judiciary, to whom various petitions 011 the sub-
ject were referred, reported a bill to fix the salaries
of the Justices of the Supreme Court, judges of
the district courts of the United States, and the
judge of the orphans' court of the District of
Columbia; which was read and passed to a second
reading.
C. M. STRADER AND COMPANY".
Mr. ADAMS, i move to postpone the prior
orders, with the view of taking up the joint >eso-
lution '• for the settlement of the claim of the late
firm of C. M. Strader & Co.-, mail contractors,"
I presume there will he no objection to it, but if
there be, I shall consent that it be laid over. It is
one of the few claims which 1 think is indisputable.
The motion was agreed to, and the joint resolu-
tion was read a second time, and considered as 111
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to author-
ize the Postmaster General to cause to be settled,
upon principles of equity and justice, the claim
of James Thompson, surviving partner, and
Sarah B. Strader, widow and admimstistrix of
C. M. Strader, of the late firm of C. M. Strader
& Co., for the violation of theif contract with the
Post Office Department.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to strike out the words
"Postmaster Genera!," and insert " proper ac-
counting: officers." It is not subject to thecontrol
of the Postmaster General.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was
reported to the Senate as anieaded, and the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole was
concurred in. The joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was read a
third time, and passed
OBSTRUCTIONS IN THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask the favor of the Senate
to consent that the bill " to remove obstructions to
navigation in the mouths of the Mississippi river,
at the Southwest Pass and the Pass a I'Outre," be
made the special order of the day for some day
next month; it is immaterial to me which day be
fixed. I should have made this motion previously
if my colleague [Mr. Benjamin] had been present.
I hope, however, that by the time which I propose
to fix, he will be here, ready to impress the Senate
with the importance of the passage of this bill. I
will say the second Tuesday or the 9th day of
January. I move that this bill be made the special
order for that day.
The motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON OAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. NORRIS. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to report back,
without amendment, House bill authorizing the
Washington Gas-Light Company to increase the
capital stock of said company, and to ask for its
consideration now, as it is a very small bill, and
one to which there can be no objection.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of tile Whole, pruceeded to consider the
bill, which is designed to authorize the Washing-
ton Gns-Light Company to increase their capital
stock J;150,000; which additional stock is to be
subscribed on the books of the company in shares
of twenty dollais, and the holders of it are to be
subject to the same liability as is provided in the
eleventh section of the original act of incorpora-
tion, approved July 8, IS4H.
The Lull was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to u thud reading, read a
third time, and passed.
AUXILIARY GUARD.
Mr. NORRIS. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives entitled " An act to amend an act en-
titled ' An act to establish thcauxihary watch for
the protection of public and private property in
the city of Washington,' approved August '23,
184'V' have instructed me to report it back, and
recommend its passage at the present time.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
accordingly proceeded to consider the hill. lis
object is to increase the compensation of each of
the Auxdiary Guard to $(>00 a year, commencing
with the present fiscal year.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
Mr. BADGEIt. I believe, sir, it was the gen-
eral understanding yesterday that the Senate
would only meet to-day as a matter of form, and
not for the transaction of business. We should
have adjourned over to-day, but for the fact of
Monday being Christmas; and I merely suggest
whether it ir< fair, according to the usu^e ot tiie j
Senate, to proceed with business. [Laughter.]
Mr. NORMS. Before the Senator moves an
adjournment, 1 hope I may be permitted to make
a motion.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
COMMITTEE CLERK.
Mr. NORRIS. I move that the Committee on
the District of Columbia be authorized to employ
a clerk.
The motion was agreed to.
PATENT LAWS.
Mr. STUART. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office, [Mr.
James,] has been unexpectedly called away from
his seat. There is a bill pending before the Sen-
ate to amend the several acts now in force in rela-
tion to the Patent Office. I ask the Senate to take
it up at this time merely for the purpose of allow-
ing me to otter several amendments, which the
committee desire to propose, in order that they
may be primed, so that when the bill shall be
taken up for action at a future day, they may he
here for the inspection of Senators. If the Senate
wili take up the bill at this time, I shall barely
offer the amendments, and have them printed
together with the bill.
Mr. BADGER. I suggest that the amendments
can be laid on the table informally, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. STUART. That will answer the purpose.
I ask for the printing of the bill and proposed
amendments.
The order was made accordingly.
Mr. BADGER. I now think it is entirely
proper to move an adjournment, and I submit thf
motion.
The motion was agreed to; and, in accordance
with the order made yesterday,
The Senate adjourned until Tuesday next.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 22, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, np.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
•APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee ofWays
and Means, reported the following bills; which
were read twice by their respective titles, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed:
A bill making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1856; and
A bill making appropriations for the transpor-
tation of the United States mails by ocean steamers
and otherwise, during the fiscal year ending June
30, JS56.
A letter from thfe Postmaster General was also
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union with the latter bill, and ordered
to be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, fromihe Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which thereupon received the sig-
nature ot the Speaker:
All act for the relief of James Butler; and
An act for the relief ofMary Rutherford, widow
of Samuel Rutherford.
CLAIM OF WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. IIIBBARD. The Committee of Ways
and Means, to whom was referred the memorial
of the Legislatureof Washington Territory, rela-
tive to the claim for rescuing passengers from the
ship Georgia, have instructed me to report back
the same, and ask that the Committee be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that it
be laid upon the table. I will state to the House
that the legislation asked for in that memorial was
had at the last session of Congress, although that
fact was probably not known to the Territorial
Legislature.
INTRODUCTION OP A RESOLUTION.
Mr. HIBBARD. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolution
of inquiry. It is a resolution, I presume, to which
no objection will be made:
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Rcsohed, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be ia-
strUL-lctl to inquire 11110 the expediency ol' grunting 10 the
Sc.ivyV r-1:1 n;t Jlridiie Company the right to build a bridge
:iero-s an arm of the I'lscatmitu river, between Heavy's
Island and liie navy-yard ai Kitterv, .Maine, and the right
of way across .-.aid nuvy-><ird to tiie viiiage of Kittcry.
The question w^<; taken; and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask theunanimous
consent of the House to present the memorial of
H. 0. Claughtyn, commercial agent for theUnited
States for the Netherlands division of the Island
of St. Martin, which I ask may be referred to the
committee.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules, the gentle-
man can accomplish his object by presenting the
memorial at the Clerk's; desk.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WELLS, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced the following bills:
A bill making further appropriations for the
continuation of the improvement of the harbor
at Milwaukie, Wisconsin;
A bill making further appropriation for the im-
provement of the harbor at Racine, Wisconsin;
and
A bill making further appropriation for the con-
