126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22,
tirmation of the improvement of the harbor at
Kenosha, Wisconsin.
W hich were severally read the first and second
time by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. FULLER. I ask permission of the House
to report back to the House the joint resolution,
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, for the better preservation of life. I ask
that the resolution may be read.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Hesolvedj That the President of the United States be,
and hereby is, authorized to open a correspondence with
"the Government of Great Britain, or any of her depenilen
cies, in order lo proeuie the erection of a first-class light-
house at Cape Race, on the Island of Newfoundland, and
that lie bo authorized to engage, on behalf of the United
States, to defray the whole, or such equitable proportion,
of the expense of erecting the said light-house, as to llim
shall appear to be proper and just.
Mr. PULLER. I ask for the reading of a
brief report, which will fully esplain*the resolu-
tion-
Pending the reading of the report,
Mr. CUTTING rose and said: I presume there
will be no objection, on the part of the House, to
the unanimous adoption of the resolution; for it is
only an act, as I understand it, of the sheerest
humanity to provide a light-house upon Cape
Race, which is now in the great thoroughfare to
and from Europe.
Inasmuch as the House has a great deal of busi-
ness before it, I move to dispense with the further
reading of the report, which shows how indispen-
sable the erection of this light-house is, and how
strongly the danger to life and property appeals to
the House for immediate action upon this bill.
It simply provides that the President of the United
States be authorized to enter into negotiations with
the Government of Oieat Britain, or with the pro-
vincial Governments, for the purpose of having a
first-clae3 light-house immediately erected, the ex-
pense to be divided between the parties who are to
be benefited by it, and whonlilte suffer a great loss
of life and property to which the constant and
immense travel in that quarter is exposed. I ask,
under these circumstances, the House to take im-
mediate action upon the bill, and, in erder that its
valuable time may not be consumed, I hope that
they wilt agree to dispense with the further read-
ing of the report, and that the chairman will ask
the House to order the bill to a third reading.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that
it is a proposition to commence a new system of
building foreign light-houses.
Mr. CUTTING. No, sir.
Mr. SMITH. It is a proposition to build a
light-house out of the jurisdiction of the United
States.
Mr. CUTTING. No, sir. It is a proposition
to enter into negotiations with the British Govern-
ment and the Provincial Governments, to induce
them to do this great act of humanity, and it
authorizes the Piesident to advance sucii a pro-
portion of the expense as, in his judgment, may
be right, proper, and honorable to the character of
the country.
Mr. SMITH. According to the explanation
given by the honorablegentleman from New York,
the bill is what I supposed it to be. 1 am not
wise enough to discriminate between an act making
an appropriation to build a light-house by a direct
act of Congress, and an act which gives to the
President power to negotiate#for its being done
partly at the expense of the United States. It
seems that we are about to comprehend in our
range all powers within, as well as without the
Union. I say that the proposition presented here
is. the commencement of a system to build foreign
light-houses, and the explanation of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cutting] himself, concedes
that faet, this light-house being upon foreign
ground. The fact that negotiations are to be en-
tered into by the President, with other Powers,
does not affect the question.
Mr. HAMILTON. Since objection is taken ts
the resolution, 1 call for the regular order of busi-
ness.
Mr. FULLER. The objection comes too late.
Mr. HAMILTON. I suppose that the report
was read for information.
The SPEAKER. The bill was read through,
and no objection was made to the reading of the
report.
Mr. HAMILTON. I understood the papers
were to be read for information, and, if no objec-
tion was to be made, that we should then proceed
to the consideration of the case.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose the bill
a d report was being read for information.
The SPEAKER. The bill was read for inform-
ation, and there was no objection, and, by way of
argument, papers were read and speeches made.
The objection, therefore, comes too late.
Mr. SMITH. Will it be in order to move to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. SMITH. I make that motion. I under-
stand this resolution comes from the. Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. PULLER. It does.
Mr. SMITH. Then, of course, it goes to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, as it obviously involves an appropriation
of money.
Mr. CUTTING. Oh, no.
Mr. SMITH. But I put my objection upon a
different ground. It is plain to this House—and
I do not now consider the plea of humafnty—that
this is the beginning of a system of vast expendi-
ture, and it involves a great responsibility on the
part of this House. And, I ask, is this proposi-
tion of such importance, that its initiation should
be taken, and the resolution be disposed of in
this summary way, and without that full debate
and consideration which alone can be had in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ?
For one, sir, I am tired of progress in this direc-
tion. 1 am one of those who do not believe in the
value of the acquisition of these islands in the Pa-
cific ocean, of which we hear so much; and it is
one of the consolations of the day that I find no
mention of it made in the message of the Presi-
dent of the United States, however much may
have been said in reference thereto in the news-
papers of the day. I hope it is all talk.
My attention has not been called to this subject
before, and 1 do not profess to know, as the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce [Mr.
Fuller.] is well aware, what is the precise char-
acter of this bill, or the circumstances which are
to be adduced m support of it. But this, much I
do know, that it is the commencement of a system
involving important consequences—a system by
which we are to undertake to build light-houses
in every quarter of the globe where it may be
supposed that the interests of commerce will be
promoted, or wherever a band of adventurers
may affect to deem the same necessary. It opens
a vast field for operation, and will prove a fruitful
source of drain upon the Treasury of the United
States. 1 move, therefore, that this bill be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and I call the previous question.
Mr. FULLER. I know that the time of this
House is precious, and therefore I am unwilling
to occupy it for any length of time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call the gentle-
man to order. I called for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman from Virginia to call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SMITH. I did so.
Mr. FULLER. Then I hope the House will
vote it down.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Fuller] will have an hour in
which to speak after the call for the previous
question,
The SPEAKER. Not upon a motion to com-
mit.
Mr. JONES. The motion to commit was voted
down in the House.
The SPEAKER. Then the question will arise
in its proper place, and it will be time to decide it
when it arises.
The House was then divided on the demand for
the previous question; and it was decided in the
negative—forty only voting in favor thereof.
The question recurring on the motion to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union,
Mr. FULLER. «aid: It is my intention to move
to put that resolution upon its passage immedi-
ately.
Mr. CRAIGE. I rise to a question of order.
I believe this bill involves an appropriation of
money.
Mr. CUTTING. Not at all.
Mr. CRAIGE. It provides that, after the ne-
gotiation shall have been made, the President of
the United States shall be authorized to bear such
proportion of the expense as he may think proper.
Of course it must go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. It is an appro-
priation of money, to all intents and purposes,
and goes to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union as a matter of course.
Mr. FULLER. I would say to the gentleman
that I apprehend subsequent legislation will be
necessary to appropriate the money.
The SPEAKER. It involves an appropriation
of money, but does not make one.
Mr. CRAIGE. If this bill pass, I submit that
the President of the United States is authorized to
assume a proportion of the expenses of erecting
this light-house; and, of course, the Government
is pledged by his action, and bound to pay the
amount.
The SPEAKER. The money could not be
drawn from the Treasury under this resolution.
That is the distinction made by the decisions of
my predecessors, and also in decisions made by
myself.
Mr. FULLER. I am not surprised at all that
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] has in-
terposed his objection to this resolution, when I
remember the statement of his views upon a for-
mer bill, for the better protection of human life and
property upon the New Jersey and Long Island
coasts, which I had the honor to reporl from the
Committee on Commerce. It is a matter of won-
der to me that any other gentleman, looking to
the commerce of both this country and of Europe
which is constantly passing Cape Race, and upon
which so much property and so many lives have
been lost for want of this first-class light, should
oppose this resolution—a point of great inter-
est, not only to our commercial marine, but
equally so to the Navy of the United States. 1 say,
it is a matter of wonder to me that any gentleman
should question the right of this Government to
appropriate money for the purpose of protecting
over four million tons of navigation, including our
Navy, and that he should object to this resolu-
tion authorizing the President of the United States
to enter into a negotiation with Great Britain, or
its dependencies, for the erection of a light-house
at that point, on such equitable terms as to him
may seem just and proper. It is not new in in-
stance or principle; appropriations of a similar
character have been made.
But, without taking up the time of the House in
showing what every man must know, that this is
the great point of departure and arrival for all ves-
sels crossing the Atlantic ocean, to and from the
United States, and the dangerous character of sea
navigation, in the vicinity of this point of New-
foundland, I demand the previous question on the
passage of the resolution.
Mr. WALSH. Before the gentleman calls for
the previous question, I desire to ask him, if this
light-house is built, how much of it the Govern-
ment of the United States will own?
Mr. FULLER. That is a question which I do
not regard as material at ail—and I do not care
whether they own any part of it.
Mr. WALSH. Well, if the construction of
that light-house is a matter of as great importance
as is claimed for it to England, I would like to
know why it is that Great Britain, which is not
only able to pay her own expenses in a war with
one of the most powerful nations of the earth, but
also the expenses of her Allies, has not built it
herself?
Mr. FULLER. Probably because her interests
are not so much affected as ours are. I insist
upon the previous question.
The previous question was then seconded; and
the main question ordered to be put.
The main question being," Shall the resolution
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ?"
Mr. LETCHER said: I demand the yeas and
nays upon it._ I want to see how many are willing
to put this thing through without first referring it
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put; and the House
