128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 22.
Mr. CASKIE addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman_ from Vir-
ginia must be aware that no discussion can be
allowed while the call of the roll is proceeding.
Mr. CASKIE. 1 understand that; but, with the
assent or every member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee present this morning—six in number—I ask
the unanimous consent of the House to make a
change in this 1^11. The bill provides that, "here-
after writs of error shall be allowed in favor of the
United States in criminal cases from the decisions
of said criminal court." 1 ask the consent of the
House to strike out the words " United States,"
and to insert the word "accused," so that the
clause will read:
And hereafter writs of error eh^ll be allowed in fiivor
of lite accused, in criminal eases, from the decisions of said
criminal court.
The change is recommended by all the members
of the Judiciary Committee who are present, and
I hope there will be no objection to its being made
in the bill.
No objection being made, the bill was so
amended.
The call of the roll was then completed, and
there were—yeas } 13, nays 35; as follows:
Vf'.AS—Messrs. Abererombie, A ikon, James C. Allon,
Willis All™, Thomas H. ttayly, 13anks, Rarry, Bliss, LSo-
.cook. tiuyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, llriitow, Brooks,
Carutbers, Ca^kie, Chamberlain, Claik, Clubman, Cook,
Cuitis, Jolln G. Davis, Dawson, Dowdcll, Dunbar, East-
man, Eddy, Cdffcrton, Edtnundson,.iohnM. 151 lioU,Ellison,
Ethendge, Farley, Faulkner, Fernon, Florence, Fuller,
Goodwin, Green, Greomvood, Grow, Hamilton, Andrew
J. llarlan, Wiley P. Harris, Hastings, Hendricks, Ilenn,
Hitlyer, Houston, Johnson, George VV. Jones,, J. Glancy
Jones, iieitt, Kerr, Kidwoll, ttttrtz, Lamb, Lane, Latham,
Letcher, Lewis, Lilly, Lindley, Limlsley, Macdonald,
MuDougall, McMullin, IMcNair, Mcttueen, Macy, Max-
well, May, .South Miller, Moirinon, Nichols, Nwble, An-
drew Oliver, Oir, Paiker, I'eekhain, Bishop Perkins, John
Perkins, Phelps, Phillip., Pratt, Preston, Uees-e, P.ichard-
son, Kiddle, Thomas ltilehey, Kobbins, llutlin, Seyinoui,
Shannon, Sm^lelou, Hanmel A. Smith, George VV. Smyth,
Fiederiek P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, HestorL. Hte-
veiss, Andrew Stuart. David Htutirt, John J. Taylor, Na-
thaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Trout, Wade, Waibndge,
Walker, Wabh, Wells, Westbrook, and Daniel IS. Wright
—■113.
NAY'S—'Messrs, Ashe, Benson, Carpenter, Chase, Oolth,
Corwiri, Crocker, Thomas Davis, Dick, Thomas D. Eliot,
Giddintis, Goodrich, Aaron Harlan, Hill, Hughes, Knox,
McCulloch, Norton, Pennington, Puryear, Ready, Holers,
Rusm'11, Flabiu, Sapp, William Smith, William li. Smith,
John L. Taylor, Tracy, IJphiun, Warren, F.tlilui It. Wash-
burne, Israej Washburn, Tappau Wentvvorth, Yates, and
ZollK'oil'cr—;io.
So the bill was paseed.
Mr. HAMILTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed,-and also, to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE BUSINESS.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that there are two private bills upon the Speaker's
table which had better be first taken up and re-
ferred.
No objection being made, the following Senate
bills were taken up, read a first and second time
by their titles, and referred as indicated:
A bill for the relief of John Shaw. Referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
A bill for the relief of J. II. P. Thornton, X^aw-
rence Taliaferro, and Hay P. Taliaferro, sure-
ties) of D. M, P. Thornton, late a purser in the
United States Navy. Referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. ORR. I ask the gentleman from Ohio to
withdraw his motion to go into a Committee of
the Whole, to allow me to make two or three
adverse reports from the Committee on Indian
Affairs. They cannot possibly give rise to any
discussion.
Mr. EDGERTON. If no one else objects, I
will not.
Mr. ORR, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, then reported adversely upon the following
cases; which were laid upon the table, and the
latter case ordered to be printed:
The.memorial of J. W. Gluincy and B. Peters,
delegates from the Stockbridge tribe of Indians,
praying Congress for relief and appropriations;
The petition of J. B. Duer and others opposed
to the reception of the lands ,purcha8ed from the
Stockbridge Indians in 1848;
The petition of Colonel John Shaw, for com-
pensation for provisions furnished to, find prop-
erty taken by, the Menomonee Indians, in 1846,
1847, and 1848.
Mr. ORR. I ask that the communication from
the Committee on Indian Affairs, relative to the
claim of the Miami Indians, may also be laid upon
the table, and be ordered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, also reported adversely upon the
memorial of James E. Stuart; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
REGENTS OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. MEACHAM. I wish to state that there
is a bill upon the Speaker's table providing for
the reappointment of Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution. I will state that it is necessary to
transactsome business which cannot be done with-
out the reappointment of these Rpgents. I ask
that the bill'may be taken up and passed. It will
take but a minute, and I hope there will be no
objection.
Mr. COBB. I object.
POSTMASTER GENERAL'S REPORT, ETC.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I wish to ask
the permission of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Edgerton] to present a report from the Commit-
tee on Printing.
Mr. WALSEI. I object.
Mr. STANTON. The joint rule of the two
Houses of Congress authorizes the Committee on
Printing to report at any time. My colleague on
the committee, [Mr. Murray,] who has had
charge of the report, has been trying, for the last
ten days, to get it before the House, and I have
been struggling all the morning to accomplish the
same object. "I claim it as a right to make a
report from that committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, that
the gentleman from Ohio, some time since, made
a motion to go into a Committee of the Whole
House, this being private bill day, and what has
taken place since has been by the courtesy of the
gentleman who made the motion.
Mr. STANTON. But the gentleman from
Ohio, as 1 understand, yields me the floor for the
purpose of making my report.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky claims the right to make a report from the
Committee on Printing, the Chair will rule that
he has that right.
Mr. STANTON then presented the following
resolution; which was read, considered, ana
agreed to:
Jtcso/ijcd, That there be printed, for the use of the Post-
master General, titteeil hundred copies of his annual report
and appendix accompanying the President's annual lliea-
sajte ; and, lor the use of the Pension Ofiiee, one thousand
copies of the annual repoit of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, with llie accompanying tables.
Tne question then recurred upon the motion
that the i louse resolve itself into a Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. CULLOM. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 73, noes C9.
Mr. EDGERTON. f call for the yeas and
nays. I will say that this is objection day, and
if the House will go into committee, we can get
through with a good deal of business in the course
of the morning.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Cul-
lom's motion; and it was decided in the negative
—yeas Gl, nays 79.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question was then taken on Mi-. Edger-
ton's motion; and it was agreed to.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Jones, of Penn-
sylvania, in the chair,) and proceeded to con-
sider the bills upon the Private Calendar, in their
I order. This being " objection day," all bills that
J were objected to were passed over without debate,
! and those to which no objection was made, were
1 laid aside to be reported to the House, with a
favorable recommendation.
MOORE AND HASCALL.
House bill for the relief of Hiram Moore and
John Hascall. [Objected to by Mr. Smith, of
Virginia.]
JOHN H. STONE.
House bill for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of Colonel John H. Stone.
This bill provides for the payment to the heirs
of a revolutionary officer of half-pay up to the
time of his death, in 1804.
Mr. LETCHER. Does that bill provide for
the payment of interest?
Mr. ROGERS. It does not.
Mr. LETCHER. Then, if it does not include
interest, why is a distinction made between this
case and that of the heirs of Baron de Kalb,
reported upon the other day?
Mr. ROGER8. I will state that the committee
adopted a rule to allow interest in all cases where
there had been a favorable report. But after this
bill was drawn, in accordance with that rule, the
party representing the claim came to me and
requested, in ordec-that the bill might pass with-
out objection, that interest should not be included;
and, in compliance with that request, I struck it
out. 1
Mr. LETCHER. What were the previous
reports in this case?
Mr. ROGERS. All favorable.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House.
REPRESENTATIVES OF WILLIS RIDDICIC.
House bill for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of Colonel Willis Riddick, deceased. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Pennington.]
REPRESENTATIVES OF FRANCIS VIGO.
House bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Colonel Francis Vigo.
Mr. MACE. I had the honor to report that bill
for consideration. The committee came to the
conclusion that it ought not to pass. I move,
therefore, that it be laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do not pass.
The order was made accordingly.
M'ATEE AND EASTMAN.
House bill for the relief of McAtee & Eastman.
[Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
ROBERT GRAHAM.
House bill to authorize Robert Graham to locate
six thousand nine hundred and ninety-three acres
of land, in lieu of one undivided half-part of cer-
tain lands patented to John Edgar and John Mur-
ray St. Clair, by the Governor of the Northwest-
ern Territory. [Objected to by Mr. Edgerton.]
JOHN D. COLMESNIL.
A resolution for the adjustment of the accounts
of John D. Colmesnil. [Objected to by Mr.
Letcher.]
NEHEMIAH STOKELY.
House bill for the relief of the heirs of Captain
Nehemiah Stokely, deceased. [Objected to by Mr.
McMullin.]
Mr. MACE. I move the committee do now
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rosfe; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman of the committee
[Mr. Jones, of I^ennsylvania] reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar
had, according to order, had under consideration
sundry private bills, and had directed him to re-
port to the House action thereon.
The SPEAKER. The bills reported by the
committee are before the House.
JOHN H. STONE.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Colonel John H. Stone was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was subsequently read a third time, and
COLT S PATENT.
House bill for the relief of Samuel Colt,
jected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.]
[Ob-
Mr. FLOR.ENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
FRANCIS VIGO.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Colonel Francis Vigo was then taken up, and
thereportof the Committee of the Whole that the
same do not pass, was concurred in.
So the bift was rejected.
