THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1854.
New Series No. 9.
Mr. HAMILTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the last bill was rejected, and also
to lay the motion to 'reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
REGENTS OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. MEACHAM. I now ask the House to
take up the bill for the reappointment of the Re-
gents of the Smithsonian Institution, and pass it.
it will occupy but a moment.
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh, no; there is no quo-
rum here.
Mr. BRIDGES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw that motion. I want to move
that the House again resolve itself into a Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar. Jt is pri-
vate bill day, and private bills ought to be con-
sidered.
Mr. BRIDGES. X cannot withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. BAYLY. I ask for the yeas and nays upon
the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bridges's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly, at two o'clock and
fifteen minutes, adjourned until Tuesday next.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 2G, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
The Hon. John Bell, of Tennessee, appeared
in his seat to-day.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, m answer to a resolution of the Senate
respecting the selection and purchase of sites for
custom-houses and a marine hospital in Ohio;
which was ordered to lie on ths table, and be
printed.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, transmitting the report of the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey for the year ending Novem-
ber 1, 1854.
Mr. STUART. I suppose thatcommunication
will be printed under'the ordinary rules. I offer
the following resolution for the printing of addi-
tional copies:
Ordered, That ten thousand copice of the tetter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating the report of
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey for the year 1854,
in addition to the usual number, be printed—five thousand
copies thereof for the use of the Senate, and the remainder
for distribution by the Coast Survey Office ; and that the
same be printed, and bound with plates, in quarto form,
and tliat the plates be printed under the direction of the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does not that resolution
go to the Committee on Printing?
Mr. STUART. 1 suppose that is not neces-
sary under the rule. I would say to the Senator
from Maine, that the resolution is a precise copy
of the one which has heretofore been passed by
the Senate on similar occasions.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know that there
is any special objection to this; but I have seen the
evti of passing resolutionsforprinting extra copies
of document's without going through the ordinary
course. I understand it to be a rule that all reso-
lutions ordering the printing of additional num-
bers of any document should be referred to the
Committee on Printing in the first place. If that
be not so, 1 do not know that I have any particu-
larobjection to the resolution, for I cannot dispute
anything the honorable Senator says.
The resolution was agreed to.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a petition of the
Board of Trade of Philadelphia, praying that an
9
appropriation be made for the completion of the
piers, harbors, and other similar works com menced
in the Delaware bay and river, and for the im-
provement of tha navigation thereof; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a petition of the Board of Trade of Phila-
delphia, praying that an expedition be sent to the
rescue of Dr. Kane and those who accompanied
him to the Arctic regions, in search of Sir John
Franklin; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of George
Fitzsimmons, a soldier, wounded in the last war
with Great Britain; praying that his pension may
commence from the date of his disability; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr JONES, of Iowa, presented a memorial of
inhabitants of Allamakee county, Iowa, praying
the establishment of a mail route from Prairie du
Chien, Wisconsin, by way of Johnson's Land-
ing, Bell's Mill, and Waterville, to Wankon,
Allamakee county, Iowa; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of ft. T. Watson, praying to
be allowed compensation for work done under a
contract with the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings; which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Also, a petition of the register of the land office,
and of the receiverof public moneys at Dubuque,
Iowa, praying to be allowed the same per centum
on the sales of the public lands, under the land
graduation bill of last session, as was allowed
them previous to that period; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented a petition
from citizens of Memphis, Tennessee, asking
Congress to pass a law to secure greater security
and certainty in the transmission of letters through
the post office; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Poet Roads.
Mr. FOOT. There has been placed in my
hands, ivith the request that I should present it to
the Senate, the memorial of J. Sidney Swift,
praying Congress to establish a polytechnic school
at the Smithsonian Institution, in the eity of
Washington. The memorial sets forth, with
some minuteness of detail, the objects and plan of
such an institution, and contains some valuable
suggestions on that subject. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on the Library, and be
printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TOUCEY presented a petition of the
children and heirs of David Tomlinson, praying
to be allowed commutation pay; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
CAPTAIN A. S. TAYLOR.
Mr. CASS. Some days ago I presented to the
Senate a memorial of .Captain A. S. Taylor, of
the Marine Corps, and had it referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. 1 now ask leave to have
it withdrawn. It is proper, I think, that it should
take another direction.
Leave to withdraw the memorial was granted.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committeeon Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of Alexander Mc«
Kee, praying the passage of a lawauthorizinghim
to locate certain lands in Texas on copies of cer-
tificates which have been lost, as he alleges, while
in possession of thfcUnited States, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims; which was agreed to.
MERCHANT SEAMEN'S WAGES.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered byunanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to consider if any legislation be needed in order to secure
Hie wages of merchant seamen m the case of wreck.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that they had passed bills and a joint
resolution of the following titles:
A bill to reorganize the courts of the District of
Columbia, and to reform and improve the laws
thereof;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Colonel John H. Stone; and
A joint resolution authorizing the President of
the tfnited States to procure the erection of a light-
house at Cape Race;
A subsfquent message announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a joint res-
olution of the Senate for the appointment of Re-
gents of the Smithsonion Institution.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. WRIGHT gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to continue the im-
provements at the entrance of the harbor at New-
ark, New Jersey.
BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I beg leave to give notice
that I shall, at an early day next week—Tuesday
or Wednesday—call np for consideration the bill
which I introduced some time since, granting ad-
ditional bounty lands to the soldiers of the war of
1H12. I would call up the bill to-day, but that the
Senate is very thin. As it will probably remain
so during this week, I shall defer calling up the
bill until next week.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OP NEBRASKA.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand, from a member
of the Senate, who has conferred with the head of
the Treasury Department, that there is a necessity
for the passage of a small territorial bill, arising
out of a state of facts winch I will explain tp the
Senate. The contingent fund at the use of the
Governor of Nebraska, for the purpose of con-
vening the Legislature, (§1,500,) was properly
drawn by the late Governor of that Territory;
but, in consequence of his death, it is not, at this
moment, available; and, therefore, an additional
appropriation of $1,000 is required, as the Legis-
lature is about to meet. For these reasons, 1 ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to introduce
a bill to provide for the contingent expenses of
the Territory of Nebraska.
Leave was granted, and the bill was read twice,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to appropriate §1,000 to defray the
contingent expenses of the Governor of the Ter-
ritory for the remainder of the present fiscal year,
the former appropriation of $1,500 having been
drawn from the Treasury by the late Governor
Burt, and, by reason of his death, being unavail-
able for the present; and it is declared to be the
true intent and meaning of the bill, that not more
than ,500 shall be expended for those contingen-
cies in the present fiscal year.
The bill was reported to the Senate .without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read a third time, and
PATRICK C. MILES.
The bill to increase the pension of Patrick C.
Miles was read a second time, and on motion of
| Mr. Ali,en, the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole, proceeded to its consideration.
It is intended to direct the Secretary of the In-
terior to increase the pension of Patrick C. Miles,
(late a sergeant of company K, first regiment
infantry, United States Army, and who lost a leg,
and was otherwise injured while gallantly leading
to the assault at the storming of Monterey,) to
the rate of thirteen dollars per month, the amount
of his duty pay; the increase to take effect from
the first of January, 1854, and continue daring
his natural life.
Mr. ALLEN called for the reading of the re-
port of the Committee on Pensions, from which
it appeared that Mr. Miles served in the Army of
the United States seven years, and, for good con-
duct, was promoted to the rank of duty sergeant
of his company. At the storming of Monterey
his company was ordered to the assault, and
while advancing, exposed to the fire of the enemy
