130
THE CONGRESSIONAL' &103&.
December 26,
in foontand on the right and left, the orderly was
disabled by a spent bail, and Sergeant Miles,
taking his place, gallantly led on to the attack.
While advancing at a charge he was struck by a
cannon ball, which carried away and shattered
his.right leg. No notice being taken of the
wounded at the time, he lay as he fell for
about an hour, endeavoring, to staunch the blood
from his wound with his cravat, and, while m this
situation, a piece of shell from a bomb, which
bursted within a few feet of him, struck him in
the neck, inflicting a severe wound upon the mus-
cles and tendons, and partially disabling his right
arm, the use of which he has never fully recov-
ered. Upon being carried to the rear he suffered
amputation of his leg, and upon his recovery was
honorably discharged. He was pensioned by the
Bureau at eight dollars per month. He represents
that this sum is inadequate to his support, and
that he would retire to the military asylum, but
to do so he must relinquish the whole of his pres-
ent pension and leave himself without a cent for
the support of his two young and motherless chil-
dren. He therefore prays an increase of pension
to the rate of his pay while in the service, and at
the time he was disabled.
_ Congress has, heretofore, exercised its discre-
tion in increasing pensions to non-commissioned
officers, w^o have distinguished themselves by
gallant and daring conduct, to the rate of their
duty pay. And after a full examination of the
case of Sergeant Miles, and a personal interview
%ith him, they are satisfied that an exception to
the provisions of the general statutes could not be
made in a more deserving case, or in favor of a
soldier more worthy of respect and gratuity.
Wo amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. It was read the third time,
and passed.
CENSUS OFFICE CLERKS.
Mr. ADAMS. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the sixth section of the act entitled "An
net making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government lor the year ending the HUth of
.(line, 1855, and for oUkt purposes," approved August 4,
1654, be bo construed as to extend to the clerks (-in ployed in
the Census Office the same additional compensation granted
by the act of April 22,185-1.
If there is any objection to the adoption of the
resolution, 1 shall not object to its going over for
the present. I will say to the Senate, however,
that these clerks were provided for in the act of
22d of'April last, but only until the first of July,
as it was then thought that their duties would be
completed by that time. After the passage of the
act, and before the expiration of the time for
which theircompensation was increased, Congress
imposed additional duties upon the Census Office,
which have detained them at the same kind of
labor in which they were engaged previously.
That is the only reason why the increase of their
compensation was not extended beyond the first
«f July. If there be no objection, I should like
tt> have thte resolution considered now.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to*.
Mr. ADAMS afterwards said: Mr. President,
upon investigation I discover that a resolution
which I introduced a few minutes ago, and whick
was adopted by the Senate, in relation to clerks
in the Census Office, ought to have been a joint
resolution. I ask now that the proper amendment
he made so as to make it a joint resolution. I
therefore move to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution was adopted.
The motion was agreed to.
Leave was granted to introduce the resolution
as a joint resolution, " relative to the construction
of the act of 22d of April, 1854." It was read
twice by its title, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole, reported without amendment, or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, read a
third time, and
BOSS WILKINS AND JAMES WITHER ELL.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, a bill was reported
a few days ago from the Committee on Claims,
.which I now ask the Senate to consider. It is a
private bill, the principle of which was estab-
lished at'the last session of Congress. The ease
is simply this: Under the territorial government
of Michigan the judges of the supreme court were
required to do the duties of land officers. At the
last session of Congress ail act was passed making
compensation for the services of one judge in per-
forming those duties. Two others were omitted,,
one of whom is dead. The one who is alive,and
the legal representatives of the one who is dead,
have made application to have the same provision
extended to them. Tjie subject was referred to
the Committee On Claims, and .they have reported
in favor of granting it. I should be glad to have
the Senate take up and consider the bill.
The bill to extend the provisions of an act enti-
tled "An act to provide compensation for the ser-
vices of George Morell in adjusting titles to land
in Michigan, was accordingly read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. ,
Its object is to pay to Ross Wilkins and to the
legal representatives of James Witherell, respect-
ively, late judges of the United States for the
Territory of Michigan, for their services in as-
certaining, adjusting, and settling claims to land,
and performing other duties, the same rate of
compensation as is allowed to the other judges of
the Territory for like services, by the provisions
of the act of August 1, 1854, in regard to George
Morell.
Mr. CASS. If necessary, I will ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Claims [Mr. Bhod-
head] to explain the bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I reported the bill from
the Committee on Claims. The reasons why I
did so are contained in the report which I sub-
mitted, and which accompanies the bill. If neces-
sary, that can be read. 1 do not know that it is
necessary, however, to read it. A simple state-
ment of the case will present it to the minds of
Senators. The bill proposes to give to the two
judges who were omitted, the same compensation
which we, last year, gave to another judge of that
Territory for performing the same duties. Con-
gress imposed additional duties on those judges,
and for rendering that service we propose to pay
them a small additional allowance. That is the
whole case. It is quite unnecessary to read the
report. I trust there will be no objection to the
bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read a third time, and
passed.
HERMAN CHITTENDEN.
On motion by Mr. WADE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
House bill for the relief of Herman Chittenden.
It proposes to place his name upon the pension
roll as a life pensioner, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, commencing March 1, 1854.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
LIGHT-HOUSE AT CAPE RACE.
The joint resolution from the House of Repre-
sentatives, "authorizing the President of the
United States to adopt measures to procure the
erection of a first-class light-house on Cape Race,"
was read a first and second time by its title.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection
the resolution will be referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, unless there
be some objection by Senators, 1 would suggest
the propriety of considering that joint resolution
now. It simply authorizes the President, m I
understand it—having read it a day or two ago—
to negotiate with the authorities of Great Britain,
with a view to the construction of a light-house
at the point designated. It makes no appropria-
tion, and does not in itself bind Congress to make
any; but it is for the purpose of instituting an
inquiry to ascertain the basiff upon which such a
construction can be made. I see no objection to
it myself. It would go to the committee of which
I am a member, if it were referred; but I think it
would be as well to consider it now.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. I think the joint
resolution had better go to the Committee on
Commerce. I am not at present prepared to vote
for it myself.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
REFERENCE OF HOUSE BILLS.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of the legal representatives of Colonel
John H. Stone, was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
House bill to reorganize the courts ofijjfce Dis-
trict of Columbia, and to reform and improve the
}a.ws thereof, was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
ENROiLED BULLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk, announced that
the Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills:
Bill to suppress the circulation of small notes as
a currency in the District of Columbia;
Bill for the relief of Mary Rutherford, widow
of Samuel Rutherford; and
Bill for the relief of James Butler.
Which were then signed by the President pro
tempore.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 26, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER presented to the House the
laws of the Territory of Minnesota; which were
referred to the Committee on Territories.
REGENTS POR SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. ENGLISH. I ask th e unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table a
Senate joint resolution proposing to appoint Rufus
Choate, of Massachusetts, and (iideon Hawley,of
New York, Regents for the Smithsonian Insti-
tution; and if the House will allow me, I propose
to ask that the resolution may be put upon its
passage.
I will state, as a reason why the resolution
should be put upon its passage at an early day,
that there is to be a regular meeting of the Regents
of that institution the next week, and it is desirable
that there should be a full board upon that.occa-
sion. These gentlemen have been Regents here-
tofore, and I presume there will be no objection to
their reappointment. I ask that the resolution
may be taken up and put upon its passage.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, Gfc.-, That the vacancies in the Board of Regents
of the Smithsonian Institution of the«lass otherwise thati
members of Congress, be filled bv the reappointment of the
late incumbents, viz: Rufus Choate, of Massachusetts,
and Gideon Ilawley, of New York.
Mr. HAVEN. I presume there is no objection
to the passage of the resolution.
The resolution was then ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read the third time,
and l 1
MAP OP NEBRASKA.
Mr. WHITFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution; which was
read, and, under the rule, referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
bo instructed to purchase, out of the contingent fund of the
House,   copies of the map of Nebraska and Kansas
Territories, compiled by Captain Eastman, of the United
States Army, for distribuuon by the members of the House.
RAILROAD IN KANSAS.
Mr. WHITFIELD also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to aid the Territory of
Kansas in the construction of a railroad in said
Territory; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
IMPORTATION OF FOREIGN PAUPERS.
Mr. BRIDGES, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and adopted:
Resolved, That t(ie Judiciary Committee be instructed to
inqune mto the expediency of preventing by law the im-
portation of foreign paupers into the riniti-d States, and that
they make report at the earliest possible day, by bill or
otherwise. ' '
NAVAL DEPOT AT NEW ORLEANS.
Mr. HUNT, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following' resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be instructed
to inquire into (he expediency of establishing a naval depot
at or near New Orleans, for the equipment, repair, and
supply of vessels of war, and that he report to this House
the information he may obtain, together with hii views upon
the subject. '
