1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
MINNESOTA AND NORTHWESTERN RAIL-
road charter.
^ Mr. LETCHER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was
'read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas, the law authorizing the Territory of Minne-
sota, jn the last clause of section six, in the following
terms, viz: "Ail laws passed by the Legislative Assembly
and Governor, shall he submitted to the Congress of the
United States, and, if disapproved of, shall be null and of no
effect," reserves to Congrees the right of revising and dis-
approving all laws passed by said Territorial Legislature:
Therefore, ^
Kesoteeifriiat the acts of said Territorial Legislature,
as certified to this body, be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and that said committee inquire into the
propriety of declaring the act chartering the Minnesota and
Northwestern Railroad Company " null and of no effect,"
and that they make report to this House of their action in
the premises.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts, obtained the
floor.
PRINTING OP THE COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. RUSSELL. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. 1 desire to present a report from the Com-
mittee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's report,
would be a privileged one if he could get the floor
for the purpose of presenting it; but he cannot
take the floor from the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts for that purpose.
Mr. ELIOT. I will yield the floor with pleasure
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. RUSSELL, from the Committee on Print-
ing, then presented the following resolution:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, commumeatufs; the report of
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey for the yoai IBM,
in addition to the usual number, be printed—live thousand
thereof for the use of the llou<?t\and the remainder for dis-
tribution by the Coast Survey Otfice; and that the  ame be
printed and bound in quarto torm, and that jho plates be
printed under the direction of the Coast Survey (Xlice.
Mr. HAMILTON. Since the iloor has been
assigned to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who
is a member of the Committee on Printing, I
desire to ask him a single question. 1 desire to
know why the agricultural part of the Patent
Office report, which was ordered to be printed
near the commencement of the last session, has
not been furnished to the members of the House
in pursuance with the order?
A Member. It has been furnished.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 have not received mine.
Mr. RUSSELL. 1 will state, in reply to the
gentleman from Maryland, that I understand
thirty thousand copies of the Patent Office report,
to which he alludes, have been delivered to the
members, that number of plates having: been fur-
nished to the public binder. The remainder have
not been furnished, because the plates have not
been struck off.
Mr. HAMILTON. What kind of plates?
Mr. RUSSELL. Those which were furnished
to go intothework. Thegentleman will seewhat
they are by referring to the work itself.
The resolution was then adopted.
sick and disabled seamen.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, and in pursuance of previous notice, in-
troduced a bill supplementary to an act for the
relief of sick and disabled seamen, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. *
naval pensioners.
Mr. CORWIN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Tenfiions be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of so amending the
naval pension laws as to admit to the navy pension roll the
widows and orphans of the persons who have died, or shall
die, after leaving the naval service, in the same manner as
those who have died, or shall die, while m the naval ser-
vice, and of those who have become disabled from casu-
alties occurring while in the line or duty.
adjournment over.
Mr. GROW. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Friday next.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will withdraw that motion, I
think we shall have a working quorum to go on
with the business through the week.
Mr. GROW. If I thought there would be I
would withdraw the motion. But 1 doubt it very
much.
Several Members. Withdraw it.
Mr, GROW. I will withdraw the motion for
the present.
mr. Bennett's land bill.
Mr. COBB. I am anxious to make a report
from the Committee on Public Lands, but inas-
much as I anticipate objection, I call for the regu-
lar order of business. That will bring up the
consideration of the bill in which the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Bennett] is interested, and
I suppose he will want to have its consideration
postponed.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the bill referred to by the
gentleman from Alabama, being House bill (No.
102) " granting lands equally to the several States
to aid in the construction of railroads and for the
support of schools." The bill was postponed
until this day.
Mr. CHASE. My colleague, [Mr. Bennett,]
who has this bill in charge, has been called home.
He desired me, before he left, to ask the House
to allow the consideration of the bill to be post-*
poned until this day three weeks. I move that it
be so postponed.
.The motion was agreed to.
d. b. juan domercq.
Mr. CURTIS, by unanimous consent, reported
back from the Committee of Claims Senate bill
(No. 143) "for the relief of D. B. Juan Do-
mercq," with an amendment.
Said bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
consuls and commercial agents.
Mr. PULLER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following; resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House, in eunneeuou with
Ihe.repoit on commercial relations ami comparative tan if■«,
requested by a resolution of thn House, of December
M, ]t*33, copies of all returns of consuls and commercial
agents of the UnHed States, made in reply to a circular
from the Department of State, dated October 8, 1W>3, or
such portions thereof us he may deem expedient.
I simply desire to say, in reference to this reso-
lution, which i intend to ask the House to pass at
once, that the House, at a former session, called
for the information specified. In the meantime,
to a circular addressed by the Secretary of State
to all our foreign,consuls* of whom there are some
three hundred, ninety have responded, and fur-
nished that Department with much valuable in-
formation, which cannot be obtained at any other
point. It is the desire of the Department that that
information should be communicated, in connec-
tion with that called for by the previous resolu-
tion.
By unanimous consent, the resolution was re-
ceived and agreed to.
massachusetts and new york—ces-
sion of territory.
Mr. GOODRICH, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
giving the consent of Congress to the cession, by
the State of Massachusetts, to the State of New
York, of the district of Boston Comer*
The bill was read twice by its title.
Mr. GOODRICH. I would be glad to have
that bill put upon its passage, and if the House
will hear me for two or three minutes, I am sure
nobody will object to it.
Boston Corner is an incorporated district, in the
southwest corner of Massachusetts, and contains
one thousand and eighteen acres. It is a triangle,
1 and only about two miles long from extreme
points. Most of the territory lies on the west
side of the Taughkanie mountain, and is inacces-
sible, except by footmen, and of very little value.
Upon the smaller and improved portion of it, at
the foot of the mountain, there are some sixty
inhabitants, who desire to be set off from Massa-
chusetts to New York. The Legislature of Massa-
chusetts, though reluctant to part with territory,
has acceded to the request of the inhabitants of
this territory, so strong were the reasons for it,
and ceded it, or the sovereignty and jurisdiction
of that State over it, to the State of New Yoik.
The Legislature of New York has passed an act
accepting the cession. Commissioners—one from
each State—have,as required, made a survey and
map of the territory, a copy of which, and of the
acts of both States, I propose to file in the office
of the Clerk of this House. This is the territory
to which prize-fighters resort, because they are
there out of the reach of the officers and public
authorities of Massachusetts, by reason of this
impassable mountain, and are also without the
jurisdiction of New York.
AH parties interested agree that the territory
ought to belong to the State of New York; but in
order to make the cession valid, it is necessary
that Congress consent to it; and the object of the
bill I ask permission of the House to introduce,
is to give this consent. I cannot suppose it neces-
sary to detain the House with any further expla-
nation, and hope the bill may be put on its pas-
sage at once.
Mr. HAVEN, I fancy that there is no gentle-
man in this Hall who, after duly considering this
matter, will interpose any objection to the passage
of the bill. The two States, having acted by their
Legislatures upon the subject, are here only be-
cause the Constitution of the United States makes
it necessary that they shall have the consent of
the General Government for the purpose of accom-
plishing this object.
Here is the language of the Constitution upon
this point:
" No State shall, without the'consent of Congress, &e.,
enter into any agreement or compact with another State,"
&o.
Also,
" New States may be admitted by Congrers into this
Union, but no new State shall be lormed or erected within
the jurisdiction of another State, nor any State be formed
by the junction of two or more States, or parts of States,
without the corifcnt of the Legislatures of the States con-
cerned, as well as Congress."
The two States have entered into an agreement
by which Massachusetts has ceded the sover-
eignty and jurisdiction to the State of New York.
Although it is not a matter of any great conse-
quence to the State of New York, so far as the
great State itself is concerned, yet in reference to
this little corner,it isa matter of great consequence
for the good government of the small number of
people within it. Unless there is a desire mani-
fested to discuss the bill, 1 demand the previous
question upon it.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Haven] has partly an-
swered the question which i wished to ask of the
gentleman from Massachusetts. It is this: Can
Congress authorize oae State to transfer a portion
of her territory to another State, or ought that
State to cede her territory to the United States,
and let Congress itself fix the boundary of the
new State? The portion of the Constitution read
by the gentleman from New York, it seems to
me, refers to other kinds of contracts than cessions
of portions of territory.
Mr. GOODRICH. There was a case similar
to this between New Jersey and New York in
1833,
The previous question was seconded*, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and having been engrossed and
read the third time, was passed.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
iusmicted to rrpoit a bill declaring that ail pensions for
wounds or injuries received while in the Ime of duty, and
m the military or naval service of the United States, shall
commence at the date of such disability, the amount of
such pensions to be regulated according to existing law*,
and paid to the persons entitled thereto, deducting former
payments ; and m case of the death of any invalid before ©r
after the pas*aqe of said act, the amount of pension due
him shall he paid to his widow, and if no widow, to his
surviving child or children.
Mr. HAMILTON objected.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT PERTH-AMBOY.
Mr. LILLY, by the unanimous consent of the
House, introduced a resolution; which was agreed
to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire mto the expediency of providing for the
erection of a custom-house at Perth-Amboy, New Jersey,
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. I
ask the consent of the House to submit two reports
from the Committee on Commerce.
