1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
tleman from Tennessee, that he move to strike out
the provision to which he alludes, if he intends to
persist in his opposition to it., and then allow the
other two provisions, which are certainly emi-
nently proper, and eminently called for, and to
which, 1 presume, no one will object. I hope,
therefore, that he will make that motion; and if a
majority of the House agree to strike out that
section, let the remainder be passed.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from Tennessee
cannot get the floor to make any such motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I presume my colleague
cannot keep the floor all day.
Mr. COBB. I can keep the floor for one hour.
Mr. OLIVER. Am I not entitled to the floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair awarded the floor
to the gentleman from Missouri, supposing the
gentleman from Alabama had concluded his re-
marks; hut if the gentleman still claims the floor,
the Chair will rule that he is still entitled to it.
Mr. COBB. I am willing to yield the floor to
the gentleman from Missouri for a suggestion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Alabama still retains the floor, I hope he will
yield it to me for a suggestion. With his permis-
sion, I would suggest that, if there have been any
fraudulent entries under this graduation law, we
had better provide, by this bill, that such entries
shall be declared null and void; that these men
never had any legal title to the land, and that they
now have no title to it.
Now, one word in reply to the remarks of the
gentleman from the limestone district, m Ala-
bama, [Mr. Houston.] I say to the gentleman
that I am not making opposition to this bill at all.
If there is a man in this House, or if there ever
was a man in this House, who is a friend to the
settler, and who is in favor of putting the public
lands into the hands of the actual cultivators and
tillers of the soil, at the lowest possible price, and
of affording them all the facilities of a home, I am
one of them.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the consent of my
colleague, I will say to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, that I am aware of the course he has
always pursued in this House in reference to the
proper disposition of the public lands, and that
he has occupied the position which he states. I
did not suppose lie was making opposition to the
entire bill; and it was on account of the friendship
which I knew he extended to the settler upon the
public lands, that I appealed to him to confine his
opposition to that section which he had pointed |
out; and if there is a majority of the House in 1
favor of striking it out, to allow the remainder of
the bill to pass.
Mr. JONES. If I had the floor for that pur-
pose, I would move to strike out that section of
the hill. But I would suggest to the other gentle-
man from Alabama, who reported this bill, [Mr.
Cobb,] that perhaps the best plan to remedy the
delects of the law, would be simply to extend
the right, under the existing law, to each person
■who is now authorized by it to enter not exceeding
three hundred and twenty acres at the graduated
prices, and then to require him to make oath that
he had not entered land before under this gradua-
tion bill. This would make no distinction between
a foreign and native-born citizen, and would place
all upon the same footing.
Mr. COBB. 1 will say to the gentleman from
Tennessee, that the suggestion made by him may
be very good, so far as it goes, but I wish to call
his attention to the fact, that he still leaves what in
acknowledged to be an evil—a great and crying
evil—standing. He would still permit any per-
son, by declaring that he intends to settle upon
the land, to come and enter it, and then never to
settle upon it or cultivate it at all._ That is what
I desire most to prevent, and that is what this bill
proposes to prevent, by requiring a man to settle
upon the land before he can have the benefit of
the graduation law. But to provide that entries
which have already been improperly made shall
be null and void, as the gentleman suggests, I think
would make the bill too complicated, and would
be objectionable upon that ground.
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman allow me to
make a suggestion ?
Mr. COBB. Certainly; because I am always
fond of hearing suggestions.
Mr. ORR. I do not thmk the House is exactly
in a position to act upon this bill; and I would
suggest to the gentleman from Alabama that he
move to have the further consideration of the
subject postponed until Tuesday week, and that
the bill be printed. By th&t time we shall have it
upon our desks, and shall be prepared to act upon
it. It will not lose its present position in ita class
of business.
Mr. COBB. I stated when I first introduced
the proposition that it was printed.
Mr. LETCHER. When and where ?
Mr. COBB. It was printed in the Globe a few
days ago.
Mr. OLIVER, I hope the gentleman from
Alabama will allow me an opportunity of offering
an amendment to his amendment. I desire to offer
it now, in order that it may be printed with the
bill and the gentleman's amendment, and 1 appeal
to the courtesy of the gentleman to afford me the
opportunity.
Mr. COBB. Of course, I will not object to
any amendments being proposed, provided I con-
sent to the proposition of the gentleman from
South Carolina; and if it be the pleasure of the
House, 1 will certainly consent to the postpone-
ment of the bill. But I want to get clear of the
crying evil that is coming up to us.- The press
that is hostile to the principle of the measure, rep-
resent that it enables speculators to monopolize the
whole of the public lands. I want to strike at the
root of that evd, and remedy it at once.
Mr. OLIVER. I ask that my amendment may
be read.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Alabama yield the floor?
Mr. COBB. I will yield itafter one suggestion,
as it seems to be the pleasure of the House. I
move that the further consideration of the bill be
postponed for one week.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
suggestion will be adopted.
Mr. COBB. 1 move, also, that the bill and the
proposed amendments be printed.
Ihe question was token on Mr. Cobb'b motion;
and it was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined,
and found truly enrolled, a joint resolution " for
the appointment of Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution;" and said resolution thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF NEBRASKA.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, abill from the
Senate came in this morning,and is now upon your
table, entitled " An act to provide for the contingent
expenses of the Territory of Nebraska." If the
House will allow it to be read, it explains itself.
The appointment of a successor to the late Gov-
ernor Burt has been made, and the gentleman ap-
pointed is now in this city. As the bill will show,
the contingent fund appropriated last session was
drawn by Governor Burt. Owing, however, to
his unfortunate death, the accounts have not been
settled. It is important that the present Governor
should depart at once for the Territory of Ne-
braska; and that being the case, the bill proposes
that $1,000 shall be appropriated for the contingent
purposes of that Territory until, in time, such a
settlement can be made as may be ordered to be
made with the estate and heirs of the late Gov-
ernor Burt. 1 ask that the bill may be taken up
and read.
No objection being made, the bill—Senate No.
528—was taken from the Speaker's table, and read
a first and second time by its title.
The bill, or joint resolution—the enacting clause
being in the form of a joint resolution—was then
read in extenso by the Clerk.
It provides " that the sum of one thousand 
be approoriated to defray the contingent expanses
of the Governor of the Territory of Nebraska for
the remainder of the present fiscal year," and
recites the causes whichjiave rendered the appro-
priation necessary, as given above in the remarks
of Mr. Houston'.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to fill the blank
with the word " dollars." 1 do not know why it
was omitted by the Senate. The object of the
joint resolution is, to appropriate $1,000 to the
present wants for contingencies of the Territory,
until a proper settlement can be made with the
estate of the late Governor Burt. The latter part
of the resolution restricts the contingent expenses
of the Territory to $1,500—the amount originally
appropriated.
Mr. ORR. Is the joint resolution before the
House upon its passage?
The SPEAKER. The question now is upon
ordering it to a third reading.
Mr. ORR. I have had occasion, Mr. Speaker,
to look somewhat into the accounts of the late .
Governor Burt, and I would be very much grati-
fied to have an opportunity afforded me of offering
an amendment to the joint resolution now under
consideration. It seems that, when Governor Burt
received theappointmentof Governorof Nebraska,
he drew § 1,500 for contingencies of that Territory.
He reached his destination; but was ill at the time
of his arrival, and continued to grow worse; and
a few days only before his death, the oath of office
was administered to him by the chief justice of the
Territory.
My information is, that of the §1,500 which he
drew, $1,000 was, upon his death, turned over to
the Secretary of the Territory, who became, under
the law, acting Governor upon the death of the
Governor. There is, however, no evidence of
that fact in the Treasury Department. The Sec-
retary of the Territory has ncJt acknowledged the
receipt of the §1,000. I presume that that omis-
sion has grovn out of this circumstance: The
House is aware of the fact that Governor Burt
was a native and citizen of my own State, South
Carolina; when he received his appointment, he
made arrangements to go to the Territory of Ne-
braska; in so doing, he was subjected to a very
considerable expense, which I desire the House,
in some shape or other, to provide for; he carried
with him a portion of his family; and the salary
which he received from the date of his commission
to that of his death, was wholly inadequate to
defray the necessary expenses of his removal.
Upon his death, the acting Governor of the Ter-
ritory appointed a committee, composed, I believe,
of two citizens of Nebraska, and two or three
gentlemen from South Carolina, who had accom-
panied Governor Burt, to carry home his remains;
and the probability is, that this §1,000 which has
not been acknowledged by the Secretary of the
Territory, has been expended in carrying home
the remains of Governor Burt from Nebraska to
South Carolina. It will require some legislation
to protect the acting Governor of Nebraska in
making that disposition of the funds, and I sup-
pose there is no gentleman in the House who
would object to it. It was meet and proper that
the remains of Governor Burt should be carried
to the soil of the State where ho lived, and where
most of the members of his family are still resid-
ing, to be interred alongside the remains of hia
father.
I would be very glad to offer an amendment to
this resolution to legalize the expenditure which
Governor Cumming made, for the purpose of
sending home the remains of Governor Burt in
charge of the committee, and also to direct the
Comptroller of the Treasury to pay to the repre-
sentatives of Governor Burt whatever sum was
| actually expended by him for traveling expenses,
and his outfit to the Territory. It will not be a
very large sum, but it will afford a great relief to his
family, who aie left in a very destitute condition.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will my friend from South
Carolina allow me to suggest to him, that the
legislation he desires would be better suspended
for the present. I have listened attentively to his
remarks; and it is very evident that he is not
himself in possession of the facts necessary to
such legislation as he desires. It will be just as
competent for him, at some other period of ths
session, to accomplish his object. If, however,
he appends his amendment to this bill, it will
delay action upon it; and if the amendment is
adopted, it will have to go back to the Senate for
their approval. It is very important tjiat the
present Governor should take his departure at an
, early period for the Territory of Nebraska._ I
| hope, therefore, without expressing any opinion
as to the suggestions made by my friend from
South Carolina, that he will allow the subject, as
far as he has presented it, to remain suspended
for ihe present, and permit the bill to pass in its
present shape. .
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs the indul-
gence of the House for a moment, to the order
made by them a few moments since to print the
bill reported by the gentleman from Alabama
