1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 27, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
War, made in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the7th instant, transmitting a letter of the
Colonel of Topographical Engineers, inclosing an
extract from a report of Lieutenant Colonel J, E.
Johnston, the officer in charge of the improvement
of the Des Moines and Rock river rapids, of the
Mississippi river, and also a copy of a report of
John Gr. Ffoyd, the agent in charge of the above
work; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of William
H. Brown, praying an appropriation to enable the
Secretary of the Navy to test an invention of liis
for removing persons and property from ship-
wrecked vessels, and, if satisfactory, that he be
authorized to purchase itfor the use of the Navy;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, the petition of James Walling, a prisoner
during the war of 1812, in Dartmoor prison,
praying to be allowed compensation for the suffer-
ings endured by him m consequence of his impris-
onment; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of John
S. Develin, late an officer in the Marine Corps,
praying to be allowed a pension, to cotnmencs
after the date of his disability; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FESSENDEN" presented the petition of
John Holden, of Massachusetts, praying that the
half-pay due ins father, John Holden, a lieutenant
in the revolutionary army, may be paid to his
heirs-at-Iaw; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of the regis-
ter of the land office, and of the receiver of public
moneys at Washington, Mississippi, praying to
be allowed the same per centum on the sales of
public lands as was received by them previous to
the passage of the land graduation bill of August
4, 1854; which was ordered to lie on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Or dry c.J, That J. P. Ohaie have leave to withdraw Ins
petition ami papers, tor the purpose of presentation to a
.Department.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHIELDS asked and obtained the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to
incorporate the St. JosephTs Male Orphan Asylum
in the District of Columbia; which was read afirst
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. WRIGHT, in pursuanceof previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to con-
tinue the improvements in the harbor of Newark,
New Jersey; which was read afirst and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. SLIDELL asked and obtained the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill
for the relief of C. E. Greneaux; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
TREATY WITH JAPAN.
Mr. PISH submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resulted, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be
instructed to inquire and report whether any ami wli.tt
compensation should lie allowed to Commodore M. 0.
JVrry for his services in negoitaimg a treaty with the Empire
of Japan.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that they had passed a bill giving the
consent of Congress to the cession, by the State of
Massachusetts to the State of New York, of the
district of Boston Corners; also, that they had
passed a bill of the Senate to provide for the con-
tingent expenses of the Territory of Nebraska,
with amendments.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed an enrolled joint resolution to provide
for the appointment of Regents of the Smithsonian
Institution; which was thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore.
THE INDIAN TERRITORIES.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That Ihe bill to establish and organize the Ter-
ritories of Chei-o kee.Mus co-gee, and Chah-ta, be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Territories,
CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS.
Mr. BADGER. I believe it is very well known
to all of us here, sir, that a great number of the
members of the body have taken advantage of the
Christmas holidays to leave the city, and we shall
probably have a very thin attendance of the body
if the Senate sit this week. Indeed, until after the
first of January, the Senate are indisposed to tians-
act any important business, and 1 do not know
that it is necessary or proper to bring the Senators
who are in the city here from day to day. There
are gentlemen here who probably desire to take a
little relaxation for themselves; I am not one of
the number, though, myself. It is distinctly un-
derstood, however, that no business will be done
until Tuesday next. I would suggest, therefore,
and I make a motion to the effect, that when the
Senate adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Friday;
and that when it adjourns on Friday next, it be to
meet on the ensuing Tuesday. That will only be
formally carrying out what is commonly under-
stood informally among us—that no important
business will be done until the Christmas holidays
are ended. I submit the motion in accordance
with these views.
The motion was agreed to.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF NEBRASKA.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am told that the amend-
ments made by the House to the bill to provide
for the contingent expenses ot the Territory of
Nebraska are merely verbal ones, and I there-
fore ask the Senate to concur in them now.
The Semite proceeded to consider the amend-
ments.
The bill, as it passed the Senate, made the
appropriation for the contingent expenses of the
" Governor." The first amendment of the House
is to substitute "government" for " Governor."
The other amendment was to insert the word
" dollars," which had been accidentally omitted,
after " one thousand."
The amendments were concurred in.
CESSION OF BOSTON CORNERS.
Mr. ROCKWELL. A bill has been sent from
the House, which I ask the Senate to consider
and dispose of now, as it is a bill which simply
relates to the settlement of a matter between the
State of Massachusetts and the State of New
York, in regard to which those States are agreed.
It is a bill " giving the consent of Congress to the
cession, by the State of Massachusetts to the
State, of New York, of the district of Boston
Corners."
The bill was read twice by its title.
Mr. ROCKWELL. The bill relates to a dis-
trict of land, containing about one thousand acres,
situated in the southwest part of the Common-
wealth of Massachusetts, which is separated from
the other portion of that State by a mountain, so
as to make it inaccessible to the people of that
State. It belongs to no municipal organization.
It contains but few inhabitants, and they are
desirous that the cession should be made. The
State of New York has also consented to the
annexation, as my honorable friend [Mr. Frsn]
can state. 1 hope the bill will be passed now, as
it is merely to give the consent of the General
Government to what the States and the people have
already done.
Mr. FISH, I agree entirely with what my
friend has said. It is a subject with which I have
been familiar for some time. If any expression
be necessary, on the part of the State of New
York, I am very happy to bear testimony in her
behalf of her willingness to take what Massachu-
setts can no longer keep. [Laughter.]
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill as in
Committee of the Whole.
The Legislature of Massachusetts passed an act,
which was approved May 14, 1853, ceding the
sovereignty and jurisdiction over the district of
Boston Corners, situated in the southwesterly
corner of the State, to New York, with the proviso,
however, that the act was not to take effect until
Congress should consent to the cession. The
Legislature of New York passed an act, on the
21st of July, 1853, accepting the sovereignty and
jurisdiction ceded, upon the provisions expressed
in the act of cession. Certified copies of these
acts have been filed in the office of the Clerk of
the Houseof Representatives. For better defining
the limits and extent of the territory ceded, com-
missioners were appointed by both States, and
made a survey and map of the territory, and
caused sufficient monuments to be erected along
its eastern boundary line, a copy of which haa
also been deposited in the Clerk's office. In con-
sideration of these facts, the bill proposes to give
the consent of Congress to the cession and annex-
ation.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
COMMITTEE ON ENGROSSED BILLS.
Mr. BADGER. I am informed by one of the
officers of the Senate, that the three gentlemen who
compose the Committee on Engrossed Bills are
now absent; and it is necessary that there should
be some genileman present to serve upon that
committee. I move, therefore, that the Chair be
authorized to appoint an additional member.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Fessenden
was appointed.
PENITENTIARY INDEBTEDNESS.
Mr. NORRIS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom was
referred the bill from the House of Representa-
tives for the liquidation of the penitentiary in-
debtedness, to report it back without amendment,
recommend its passage, and ask for its consider-
ation at this tune.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill. Its object is to
appropriate $>7,18(i 9'2, to enable the Secretary of
the interior to liquidate the piesent indebtedness
of the penitentiary in the District of Columbia.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate, and ordered to a third
reading. It was read a third time, and passed.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 27, 1854.
The House mpt at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by llev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. FARLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to allow me to report back, from the
Committee on Territories, Senate bill No. 60,
with sundry amendments and an accompanying
report. This bill authorizes the construction of a
subterranean line of telegraph from the Mississippi,
or the Missouri river, to the Pacific ocean. My
object is to have the bill referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
printed.
There being no objection, the bill was reported
back, referred as indicated, and, with the report,
ordered to be printed.
MIAMI INDIANS PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HARLAN, of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I
have risen this morning for the purpose of making
a personal explanation in relation to a certain mat-
ter brought before the House a few days since.
It will be remembered that when the Indian ap-
propriation bill was ander consideration, in tlis
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
I offered to amend the bill by appropriating a cer-
tain amount of money out of the Treasury to the
Miami Indians, in Indiana.
About a week a<*o the bill was taken up, and the
amendment considered in my absence. I regret
that I was necessarily absent during the pend-
ency of that question. That amendment was
offered by me upon my own individual responsi-
bility, without any petition or memorial, or any
information going before the House in any shape.
I did it from my knowledge of the circumstances,
which I had acquired as the representative of
these Indians, and at the request of the Indians
themselves.
