1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
to allow them their just demand, the time will,
perhaps, soon come when justice will be awarded
them. I assure the House that 1 have not at-
tempted to offer an amendment asking an appro-
priation of a solitary dollar for an object which I
did not think honorable and praiseworthy.
Mr. ORR. 1 hope the House will indulge me
in making a few remarks in reply to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Harlan.] Before 1 com-
mence sayinganythingupon thequestion at issue,
I desire, if any impression has been produced in
this House, or upon the country, unfavorable to
the integrity of the honorable gentleman from In-
diana by the remarks made by me upon a former
occasion, to disavow any such purpose upon my
part. The gentleman from Indiana, doubtless, is
of the opinion that these Indians have a just claim
against the Government of the United States. The
facts though, as I understand them, and as they
are understood officially by this Government, do
not warrantthat conclusion. Hence I used strong
language in the remarks which I made when the
amendment was under discussion before the com-
mittee. It will be remembered by the House, that
the gentleman from Indiana offered his amend-
ment to the Indian appropriation bill upon Thurs-
day. The Private Calendar was taken up on
Friday, and the Indian appropriation bill was not
touched again till Monday, when the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Indiana, came up for
consideration. It came from neither of the stand-
ing committees of this House. It sprung a new
question upon those who had the Indian appro-
priation bill in charge.
Upon a slight conference with the honorable
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
I ascertained that he had no informatioo-japon the
subject; and I consented that I would inquire into
the subject, and learn the true state of facts from
the Indian department. I did so, and I only
stated, in the remarks that I made, the facts
which I there obtained. When the communica-
tion, addressed to me by the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs a few days ago, and which the
House ordered to be printed, shall be laid upon
the tables of members, it will be found that the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs not only goes to
the extent of fortifying and sustaining every fact
that I stated to the House, but that he even goes
further, and uses stronger language than I did
with reference to this claim.
Now, were the Indiana Indians here assenting
to this treaty? It is set forth in the caption of
the treaty which I hold in my hands:
Whereas a treaty was made and concluded on the f>th
day of June, 1#54, between George W. Manypcnny, com
missioncr on the part of the United States, and the follow-
ing named deleg:itc«, representing the Miami tube of In
<lians,v?z: Nah-we Ian,or BigLegs M;i eat-a-chm quail,
or Little Doctor; Laim pin-cliah, or Jack Hockley ; So-ne-
lan-gi«h~l<th, or John Ronvie; and Wan zop-e ah; they
being thereto duly authorized hy said tribe; and Me-slnn-
go me zia, Po con-ge-uh, Pim-yi-oh te-msii, Wap pop-pe-
tah, or lJondv, and IO oh-cot woh, or Buffalo, Miami In-
tlian?, residents of the Stale of huh'tua, boine present and
assenting, approving, and agreeing to and confirming said
articles of agreement and convention."
This is the caption. When the treaty came
before the Senate for ratification, an amendment
was adopted by that body, as follows : to strike
out of the fourth article, the following words:
" Provided, however, That if the Miami Indians of the
State of inch ana, desire 3t, and notify the Secretary of the
Interior of that fact, he will cause the ^aid sum of $231,00-1
to be invested tor ihem in pale Mock*, and pay over annu-
ally to said Indian* tho interest ari&n-g fmm such invest-
ment ; ami the said Miami Indian* now present front the
State of Indiana agree to take the opinion of their people on
their return home, and advise the Department without
delay,"
and insert the following words in lieu thereof:
" The sum of $231,004, hereby stipulated to be paid to the
Miami Indians of Indiana, shall be held by the United
States for said last-named Indian?, and by the Government
invested, as> the President may direct, at an interest of live
per centum p^r annum, and which interest shall be paid
annually, for the period of twenty-five years, to the said
Miami Indians, ot Indiana; and at the expiration of that
time, or sooner, if required by them and approved by the
President, the principal sura to be paid in full, the United
States being directly responsible therefor—said investment
to be made, and the inteiest thereon to commence accruing
the 1st day of July, 1855, and thence to contiuue."
Then follow certain provisoes, not necessary to
be recapitulated for the proper understanding ot
this question.
Mr. HARLAN. Will the gentleman from
South Carolina allowme to ask him a question—
whether this sum of $231,004 is any portion of
the proceeds of the sale of lands, or whether it
was given for a commutation of past annuities
guarantied by former treaties?
Mr. ORR. Treaties had heretofore been nego-
tiated with these Indians residing in Indiana, and
it was expected, at the time the last treaty was
concluded, (in 1840,) that they would remove to
their lands beyond the Mississippi, except such
as were allowed special reservations of lands.
Many of them did not go. Others went, and re-
turned. The Commissioner of Indian Affairs was
disposed to regard no one as belonging to the
Miami tribe except those who had removed.
When they came here to sell the three hundred
and seventy thousand acres of land which had
been given to them beyond the Mississippi, they
were accompanied by the Miami Indiana Indians.
The treaty then made, and the one from which I
have been reading, was a review, or a renegotia-
tion of all the treaties between these tribes up to
that time; and this last treaty was understood and
declared to be perfectly satisfactory to all parties,
including the Indiana Miamies.
! But to return from this digression to the treaty
j itself. I call the attention of the House to the
| concluding paragraph of the Senate's amendment,
which amendment was procured to the original
treaty by the interposition, and at the Suggestion
of tiie Indiana Miamies, who were in the city
when the treaty was ratified by the Senate.
The paragraph is as follows:
" The Miami Indian*, of Indiana, being now repre-
sented in Washington by a fully authorized deputation,and
having requested the foregoing armndmcnts, the same are
binding on them; but these amendments are in no way to
afloet or impair the stipulations m said treaty contained,
a-> to tho Miamies wet-t of the Mississippi, the said amend-
ments being final and not required to be faubmilted to the
Miaimew for their consent."
There are the facts upon which I predicated the
statement which I made in the debate in com-
mittee. Was my language too strong? In using
the emphatic language which I did,as to the want
of merit in tins claim, it did not enter into my
head to derogate from the integrity of the honor-
able gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Harlan.]
He, no doubt, in looking at this question in the
aspect presented to his mind, sees that there is
some justice in the claim; but the facts of the
case, the facts on file in the Department in the
Indian Bureau, and the facts contained in this
treaty, establish, beyond any controversy, that
the statement 1 made, represents truly the con-
dition of this tribe towards the Government of
the United States.
LAND CLAIMS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up Senate bill No. 497, to
continue in force for a limited penod an act to
ascertain and settle private land claims in the State
of California, for the purpose of having it referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up,
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
JEREMIAH MOORE.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, Thar leave be granted to vvithdiaw from the
files of the House the petition and papers of Jeremiah
Moore, for the purpose or being referred m the Senate.
THOMAS PARKS.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. When bill No.
3G3, for the relief of the heirs of Thomas Parks,
deceased, was reported to the Iioase, it was
accompanied by a report, which, by an oversight,
was not ordered to be printed. I now move that
the same be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
HARBORS IN CONNECTICUT.
Mr. SEYMOUR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following bill, of which previous notice
had been given; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, viz:
A bill making appropriation for the improve-
ment of the harbors of Bridgeport, Norwalk, and
Stamford, in the State of Connecticut.
W. R. NEVINS AND UIU EMMONS.
On motion by Mr. BRIDGES, by unanimous
consent, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Patents be discharged
from the further consideration of bills of the Senate ot* the
following titles:
S. No. 171. An act for the relief of W.E. Nevins; and
S. No. 310. An act for the relief of tfie heirs of the late
Uii Emmons; and that the same be laul upon the table.
JOHN STEWART.
On motion by Mr. WENTWORTH, of Mas-
sachusetts, by unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill for the relief of
John Stewart; and that the same be laid upon the table.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I movethat'the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Davis, of Indiana, in the chair.)
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up House
bill (No. 562) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1856.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask if the
first bill upon the Calendar—being the swamp land
bill—is not the bill in order to be taken up at the
present time ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I have a motion already
pending:, which I suppose is in order. It is to take
up the bill for the support of the Army for the
next fiscal year.
Mr. WASHBURNE. But that does not an-
swer the question which I put to the Chair. I ask
if that bill has the preference when the House
went into Committee of the Whole upon no par-
ticular bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the regular appropriation bills have preference over
all others.
The motion of Mr. Houston was then agreed
to, find the Army appropriation bill was taken up.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the first reading of
the bill be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The rending of the bill, by sections, was then
proceeded m*
The following paragraph being under consider-
ation:
11 For pay of the Army, two million six thousand eight
huudrud and six dollars"—
Mr. HOUSTON moved to insert between the
words six " and " thousand " the word " hun-
dred."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will state to the committee
that the appropriations have been transposed m the
two following paragraphs:
il For contingent expenses of the office of the command*
ing General, six hundred dollars.
" Poi arrearages prioi to July 1,1815, payable through tho
ofliee ol the Third Auditor, under an act approved May 1,
18:20, in addition to the balance uudrawn in the Treasury,
two thousand dollars."
I move that "six hundred," in the first para-
graph, be stricken out, and " two thousand " in-
serted; and that " two thousand," in the second
paragraph, be atncken out, and " six hundred "
inserted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GTDDINGS. I want the earof the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means for a
single moment. I desire to inquire whether, in
the pay of the Army provided for in this bill, is
included the pay of the militia employed in Mas-
sachusetts in taking the fugitive slave Burns?
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir. This bill has noth-
ing to do with the matter. It is merely to make
appropriations for tho regular standing Army of
the United States. And I will state further that
it makes appropriations for the year that is to
commence in July next.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATES.
The committee here informally rose, and a mes-
sage was received from the Senate, by Mr. As-
Bunv Dickins, their Secretary, informing this
House that the Senate had passed, without amend-
ment, bills of the House of the following titles:
An act for the relief of Herman Chittenden;
An act for the liquidation of the penitentiary
indebtedness; and
An act giving the consent of Congress to the
cession, by the State of Massachusetts to the
State of New York, of the district of Boston Cor-
ners.
