1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
should oppose a proceeding, upon this occasion,
which, to say the least, is much more deferential
to the representatives of the people.
Gentlemen will recollect that this case is not
without-authority. So far from the President of
the United States in this matter having undertaken
to dictate to Congress, so far from his having un-
dertaken in this instance to use his Executive influ-
ence, he has but obeyed a solemn injunction of
the Constitution of the United States, which he has
sworn to support. The Constitution of the United
States requires—it does not merely authorize him
—the President, not on the first Monday of De-
cember, not upon any other specified day in the
calendar, but from time to time, as often as ho
may suppose it important, to communicate to the
Legislative Department his views in respect to
public questions.
In the event which the Constitution, in the last
resort, justifies, of his withholding his approba-
tion, it is right that he should, in advance, give us
his opinion, not to influence us, not to bind us.
It is his imperative duty not his right, under the
Constitution, as I have already stated in respect
to these questions, to communicate his opinions
to this House. I do not stand here as the advo-
cate particularly of this Administration. I believe
that this House knows that t have indulged in
freedom of judgment perhaps as broad as was
quite consistent with my duty to my party. I have
certainly not erred upon the side of subserviency.
It is strange that the gentleman from New York,
and others, should come here to complain of the
President, telling us that he will send a message
expressing fully his views, so that we may know
what we are to expect in reference to a matter
where hie cooperation is indispensable. If it were
a matter with which he had nothing to do, then it
would be impertinent. But so for fiom its being
a matter in which he has nothing to do, it is u
matter where his cooperation is necessary, arid
where we ought to know, to some extent, his
views. It is his duty to let us know what those
views are. The complaint in regard to the Presi-
dent, heretofore, has been so far from his under-
taking to dictate to us, that we have not known his
views as entirely and as fully as it wasonr rightto
know them. I know, in some questions which have
come up especially under my own jurisdiction,
that such has been the case, and in this instance 1
see no force whatever in the remarks that have
been submitted by my friend from New York.
We will get that message. What will be its
character, I am not prepared to say. I have a
good deal of confidence that it will be a message
that will give satisfaction to the Democratic party,
and which, in my opinion, ought to give satisfac-
tion to the country. I have not seen it. But we
will see.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Bayi.y] has stated his
objections to the consideration of the river and
harbor improvements, in the gross, and that ob-
jections of a similar kind had been entertained by
a distinguished Senator from New York, now no
more—Silas Wright. I believe that Silas Wright
was, and that the gentleman from Virginia is,
opposed to all appropriations for the purposes ot
internal improvement. 1 believe, therefore, it has
been a matter of policy with those gentlemen, as
it is with all those who are opposed to internal
improvements, to favor that method of proceeding
which they know must result in the success ot their
views, and which must practically prevent all legis- |
lation in Congress upon that subject. The gen-
tleman from Virginia knows full well, as every-
body knows, that it would be next to an impossi-
bility to pass any bill singly and separately, for
works of that character.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, (interrupting.) ihe
gentleman from Maine is in sad error in stating
that Silas Wright was opposed to all these im-
provements. On the contrary, he was for them,
but with the view of pursuing something like
propriety in these appropriations, lie waS'in favor
of the policy of letting every one of them stand
upon its own footing.
Mr. WASHBURN. I would ask the gentle-
man from Virginia, whether he knows of a single
instance where Mr. Wti^ht voted for an appro-
priation for the improvement of rivers and harbors.
Mr. BAYLY. Unquestionably he did so.
Mr. WASHBURN. In what year, and upon
■what bill ?
Mr. BAYLY. If the gentleman disputes the
fact, I will furnish him the proof, but I cannot do
so at this moment.
Mr. WASHBURN. My impression was that
Mr. Wright had not, and that the gentleman from
Virginia had reference to some bill which was not
of a general character—one providing for a par-
ticular appropriation, and not an appropriation
for several works of improvement.
Mr. BAYLY. It was in reference to a bill
which was vetoed.
Mr. WASHBURN. I had the impression
that Mr. Wright was opposed to river and harbor
appropriations generally. At any rate, he must
have known that his policy would defeat such
appropriations, or most of them.
At the commencement of this session, I hoped
and supposed that we should have had the Pres-
ident's veto message, assigning his reasons for
objecting to the river and harbor bill passed at the
last session. I had hoped those reasons would
have been given to us before we were called upon
to act upon that bill, in order that we might have
the aid, whatever it might amount to, which we
could derive from his reasons. I thought it would
have been but just to the President, fnr the House
to have delayed action upon that bill until such
tune as he should submit to us his reasons. And
I desire now—although I was in favor of that bill,
voted for it, and should vote for it again—to have
that message, and to ascertain what the reasons
are upon which the President relies, and the
grounds upon which he stands. I want to know
whether there is or not any principle involved in
the matter—if the President has any one single
idea running through and controlling his views
and actions upon questions of this character. I
am much at a loss to know—indeed, 1 am unable
to conjecture even—what the President means, or
what his ideas are.
I remember this, that during the last session of
Congress we passed an appropriation for the re-
moval of obstructions from the mouth of Cape
Pear river; an appropriation as objectionable, I
believe, as most, if not all, the items of appropria-
tion in the general river and harbor bill of last
session  
Mr. CRAIGE, (interrupting.) I wish to say
one word just here—and the House will bear me
witness that I seldom trouble them—about this
Cope Fear improvement to which the gentleman
from Maine alludes, and which is so often men-
lioned-by others. He seems to misapprehend the
ground upon which the President signed the bill,
and I take the liberty of referring him to the state-
! ments made at the time as to the reasons why he
i signed and approved the bill, and also to the speech
| made by Mr. Ashe upon the occasion, and to the
I testimony furnished by that gentleman at that
1 time, all of which went to show that those ob-
! struotions were placed there by the Government
itself. The President put his approval upon the
ground that, if the Government put the obstruction
there, it was the duty of the Government to re-
move it.
Mr. WASHBURN. Exactly so, and there-
fore 
Mr. CRAIGE. The Presidentexpressly men-
tioned, when he signed the bill, that he did so
upon that, eround; and he drew that distinction
Mr. WASHBURN. Therefore, it is only
necessary, in order to make an appropriation
necessary and proper, that the Government should
make some obstruction. In such case, it would
be perfectly right, constitutional, and proper for
Congress to pass, and the President to approve, a
bill for removing those obstructions.
I remember, too, there was some legislation
necessary to make available an appropriation
theretofore made for the removal of a raft in the
Red river. That legislation was made by the last
Congress, and it was, in its nature, equivalent to
an affirmative and original legislation, for without
it the appropriation was of no value, and could
not be used. I remember that the amendment,
to accomplish that legislation, got into a bill—I
will not say was smuggled into a bill—in the
Senate, and upon the report of a committee of
conference, wasadopted by the House and Senate,
and sent to the President, and by him approved
and signed. The item was as objectionable, in
principle, as any item contained in the river and
harbor bill, which was vetoed by the President at
the same session.
Now, I want to know what principle it is by
which the President is governed; upon what
ground he proceeds; what the leading idea is
which governs and controls his action in these
matters. 1 am unable to ascertain it from his
actions. I find he has approved the bill for the
removal of the obstruction in Cape Fear river, for
the reason assigned by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Craige,] and that he has signed
another bill, making another appropriation or
application of money to another work; but I do
not know upon what ground he satisfied himself
that it was right, constitutional, and proper. I
want the message before us, that he may explain
to the country how it is that he approved bills of
that kind, and did not veto them, while he vetoed
the general appropriation bill for the improvemen t
of rivers and hatbors. And yet, Mr. Speaker, it
seems to me that this practice of sending veto
messages to this House, and messages expressing
opinions upon questions of this kind, not simply
as veto messages, and in the time and in the form,
when and in which they may go upon the record,
is a practice more honored in the breach than in
the observance. There may have been a prece-
dent for it—a single precedent. I believe one can
be found under Mr. Monroe's administration.
But this idea that, after action has been finally hod
upon the measure vetoed, the President is to come
in here with his argument, is one which ought not
to he encouraged by the House. What does it
imply ? It implies that it is proper and right for
the President to come in here with his written ar-
gument, to transfer himself from the White House
to the Capitol, and indicate to us his views upon
the state of legislation, and to argue with us in re-
lation to any measure before us, and tell us before-
hand what he will veto and what he will not veto.
It seems to me that such a course is a breach of
privilege of this- House. I do not suppose that
the honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayi-v,] or any other gentleman here, would
justify such a course of action on behalf of the
Executive. I protest against any such practice
growing up in'this country. There has been no
precise precedent for it, and I think it ought not
to be tolerated.
Mr. ORR. I do not propose to detain the
House with a long speech. 1 desire to come back
to the point at which this discussion commenced,
and to give my understanding of the facts con-
nected with the presentation to this House of the
veto message of the President, at the close of the
last session of Congress. As I have already inti-
mated, my understanding of the facts is widely
different from the representation of the gentleman
from New York.
It will be remembered that Friday, the 4th of
August, was the day fixed upon for the final ad-
journment of Congress. According to my recol-
lection, the committeeof conference, to which was
committed the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
upon this river and harbor bill, did not report
until after ten o'clock on Friday morning, and that
the House was to adjourn at four o'clock in the
same afternoon. It will also be remembered that
there were various propositions made to extend the
time for adjournment, and that these propositions
were all voted down, until the member from Ohio,
[Mr. Green,] a member of the Engrossing Com-
mittee, came forward and stated, upon the floor of
the House, that it would be utterly impossible for
the enrolling clerks to enrol all the bills that had
been passed by the time which had been fixed
upon for adjournment, and hence there was an
absolute necessity for an extension of the time;
and not till then was such extension carried.
Now, sir, the bill could not have been enrolled
before twelve o'clock, and the President sent in
his message returning it within two hours of that
time; and what became of that message? Sir, 1
was here, and some other gentlemen who now
hear me were in the Hall at the time; and
what, 1 say, became of the President's veto mes-
sage > It was not read to the House. The Presi-
dent was not allowed at that time to set forth his
reasons for withholding his signature to the bill.
Why? Who objected? The gentleman from
New York himself. The gentleman from New
York was the very man who prevented the reasons
of the President from going forth to the country
at that time. And upon what ground ? What
was the pretext for his objection? It was that
i there was no quorum present. He would not
