144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 29.
the rule. It is by the courtesy and consent of the
House alone, that the Chair indulges this course
of remark.
Mr. LETCHER. I yielded the floor to the
gentleman from New York, to make the explana-
tion he desired, and I am quite willing he should
proceed. •
Mr. HAVEN. I have had no desire to make
any extended remarks upon this subject since I
took the floor last, but only to answer some of
the remarks that have been made by gentlemen
upon the other side of the House.
I think we had better avoid, as far as we can,
all appearance of sectional bills" for sectional im-
provements; and I think that we had better turn
our attention to legislating for the entire country,
fairly and impartially, without reference to any
thing but its wants. I shall vote as cheerfully, as
liberally, and as freely for the great rivers of the
South and West, and for the States and Territo-
ries on the Pacific, as I shall for the great lakes of
the North and Northwest, and the Atlantic coast.
Now, sir, although the House seems to be quite
satisfied that this debate shall go on, yet I had no
intention, when I took the floor at first, to spring
this matter upon the House; and, from a desire I
have to stand well with my friend from Virginia
furthest from me, [Mr. MoMullin,] and to relieve
him from any further fatigue in listening, 1 sub-
mit the subject where it is, and surrender the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs leave to
remark that, as the bill makes an appropriation
of money, under the rule of the House, it must
be considered and discussed first in the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the stateof thetJnion. The
debate, therefore, is out of order, the whole of it,
from the beginning to the end, unless by 
Mr. LETCHER. It will not hurt me a great
deal, Mr. Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to
remark that the debate was in order by unani-
mous consent, and that he had indulged and heard
gentlemen with pleasure, and would not intimate
that he intended to interfere at all with the gen-
tleman from Virginia.
Mr. LETCHER. I wanted to say a word or
two only.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not desire
to interfere at all.
Mr. LETCHER. It seems to me that this is
" much ado about nothing.". We have wasted a
good deal of time in this discussion, and yet my
friend from New York [Mr. Haven] does not
seem to be exactly for the operation which he has
set on foot. His object is to have this appropria-
tion made, as I understand from his speech.
My friend from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] belong-
ing to the same party, also wants the appropria-
tion made. The gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Washburn] is in the same category. But yet,
when they come to express their views upon the
subject, each of them has a different plan. Now,
it occurs to me that the best way to get along is
for the gentleman to recommend to the Whig side
of the House to meet together, fix upon some
plan, and to come here with that. Then we shall
see, on the other hand, what we have got to fight.
In the next place, the Cape Fear neer appro-
priation is a matter of no great concern, anyhow.
If the President were to write reasons from this
until the middle of next month, he never could
satisfy me that the appropriation was right.
[Laughter.] And 1 take it, on the other hand,
that if the President of the United Statea were to
write any number of reasons in favor of his course
upon thia river and harbor bill, he never would
satisfy the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Wash-
burn] that he was right. It is a useless sort of
business.
If the message comes to this House, the Presi-
dent will have an opportunity to put his reasons
on record, and to give them to the country. They
may have an influence upon the people outside of
the House, but so far as the House itself is con-
cerned, there will not be one vote affected by it
one way 01- the other. He never can convince the
Whigs on this side of the House, that these im-
provements are not right, and he certainly never
can convince the Old Line Democrats from Vir-
ginia, that they are right. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. As many Democrats voted
for the bill sis Whigs.
Mr. LETCHER. But they were Democrats
corrupted by bad associations. [Laughter.] As
far as we of Virginia are concerned, we were upon
the true Democratic platform, and those Demo-
crats from the North who voted for the bill, or
many of them, I fear, were influenced by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr.. Campbell.] He was
hard at work in the matter, and did his very best
to secure the passage of the bill.
Well, it was passed, and the President killed it;
and 1 had hoped gentlemen would have let the
thing sleep quietly in its grave. If they want
another bill, let them fix up one and bring it in
here. Let them put the matter into one, two,
three, or four bills, or put it altogether, and try
the President over again, and see if he will sign
it. If he will not sign it, but sends it back here,
see if you can get two thirds to overrule his ob-
jections.
The SPEAKER. The pending- question is a
motion to refer the bill to the Committee on Com-
merCe.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Before that question is
put, I desire to submit a remark or two, in an-
swer to a remark made by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] in regard to the appro-
priation heretofore made for the removal of the
Red river raft. I understood the gentleman to
refer to the bill of last session, containing that
matter, as one to which the President had given
his sanction, and as referring to it by way of
showing inconsistency on the part of the Presi-
dent. 1 understood him to say, also, that by
some maneuvering or other, that bill had passed
this House. So far as I have had anything to do
witlf this bill, I can say to the gentleman that he is
entirely mistaken. The bill was passed upon the
recommendation of a committee of conference,
and if the gentleman did not take the trouble to
ascertain what that report was, and to examine
it, he can lay the blame only upon himself.
It will be recollected that some two or three
sessions ago an appropriation of $100,000 was
made for the purpose of removing the Red river
raft, with certain restrictions, however. When
the general river and harbor bill of last session
came up in the House for consideration, the gen-
tleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Jones,] I believe,
introduced an amendment, the object of which
was to remove the restriction thrown around the
appropriation, in order that it might be made
available. It was ascertained, in the mean time,
that that gentleman was opposed to this general
river and harbor bill, and an effort was about
being made to defeat his amendment. I appealed
to tne gentleman from New York, who was
urging his objections to it, to withdraw them.
He did so, at tny request, I remarking at the same
time, that I was a friend to the rivers and harbors,
as 1 was. That bill the delegation from Arkansas
unanimously voted for. I gave it my sanction,
and I did so, also, upon the ground that it was a
bill to carry out improvements already com-
menced.
But, to recur to the history of this Red river
raft, of which I was speaking. The President
vetoed the bill, and this same amendment, intro-
duced by the gentleman from Louisiana, was
appended to a Senate bill, which afterwards came
down to this House. The House refused to con-
cur in the Senate's amendment, and the conse-
quence was that a committee of conference was
appointed. The matter was duly submitted to
that committee. They considered the matter of
difference, and made a report to the House of
the conclusion to which they had arrived. That
report was adopted.
Now, the gentleman from Maine says that the
bill came to this House,and was carried through,
without the members understanding it. I can
only say, it was his own fault if he did not under-
stand it.
Mr. WASHBURN. I would like to inquire
of the gentleman if the amendment was ever read
in the House?
Mr. GREENWOOD. I think it was.
Mr. HOUSTON. That amendment, with
others, was discussed in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Uniorr.
Mr. GREENWOOD. One of the Senators
from the State of Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson, I
believe it was,] placed the amendment upon a
House bill, and it was sent here for our concur-
rence. We refused to concur. The committees
of conference, to whom this matter was commit-
ted, rfiade their report to both the House and
Senate, and that report was concurred in by both
Houses.
I would further say, that bill was not of such
a character, that the gentleman could refer to it for
the purpose of showing the President had acted
inconsistently, and upon a principle differentfrom
that which governed his action on the river and
harbor bill. His approving it does not show
any inconsistency, because the appropriation itself
was made some two or three years ago, and the
bill only removed the restriction svhich was thrown
around the expenditure, and was designed merely
to make the former appropriation available. That
was the only object of the amendment, and all it
proposed.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. MAY. I ask my colleague to withdraw
that for a moment.
Mr. HAMILTON. I will.
THE MINNESOTA AND NORTHWESTERN
RAILROAD.
Mr. MAY. I desire to submit a resolution.
The House will see the importance of it. It is in
the nature of a question of privilege.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resohed, That the President of the United States be
requested to communicate to this House any information
possessed by him regarding a suit instituted m the Territory
of Minnesota, by, or in the name of, the United States,
against the Minnesota and Northwestern Railroad Com-
pany.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, I wish to inquire
if the bill introduced by the gentleman from Mich-
igan, upon which this discussion has risen, has
been referred ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the motion, to enable me to introduce
two or three bills, and have them referred to stand-
ing committees. I will remark,thatnoneof them
are railroad bills. [Laughter.]
Mr. HAMILTON. I will withdraw the motion.
KANSAS—rBILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WHITFIELD then, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced sundry bills; which were read a
first and second time by their titles, and referred
to the appropriate standing committees. The titles
aie as follows:
A bill to provide for the erection of public
buildings in the Territory of Kansas. Referred
to the Committee on Territories.
A bill to provide for the construction of roads
and bridges, and for the improvement of rivers in
the Territory of Kansas; and to provide for a
geological survey of said Territory. Referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill to exempt certain town sites in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas from sale and preemption. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
_ A bill to establish certain post roads in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas. Referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HAMILTON. I now renew the motion
that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and
Thereupon, at ten minutes past three o'clock,
the House adjourned untilSaturday nextat twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, December 29, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Si.icer.
The Journal of Wednesday was read and ap-
proved .
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had passed bills of the follow-
ing titles:
Bill making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending the 30th of June,
1856.
Bill making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department for the year ending the
30th of June, 1856.
