THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PKOCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
New Series No, 10.
- 33d Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 1855.
These bills were read a first and second time,
and referred tQ the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CASS, before the Army bill was referred,
said: I desire to state that I observe it contains an
appropriation for the Capitol extension, and \
want to say to the chairman of the committee to
whom it is referred, that I should be very glad to
know what is the prospect, under the plan which
is being carried out, for the ventilation of, and
hearing in, the part of the extension which is to
be occupied by the Senate. I rise merely to give
notice to the chairman that, when the subject
comes up, I shall ask him what the prospect is in
those respects. I trust that we shall not fall into
the same error which was committed in the con'
structionof the new Parliament buildings in Eng-
land, so as to subject us to the same sacrifice of
money.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message from the House also announced
that the Speaker had signed a bill to provide for
the contingent expenses of the Territory of-Ne-
hraska; which was then signed by the President
pro tempore,
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the Senate, of the 20th instant, a report,
made by Henry R. Schoolcraft, to the Commis-
sioner of Indian Afiturs, on the state of Indian
statistics; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. COOPER presented a memorial of the offi-
cers of the American Philosophical Society of Phil-
adelphia, praying for the outfit and employment
of adequate vessels for the relief of the American
expedition in search of Sir John Franklin, under
the command of Dr. Kane, and which is now
detained in the Arctic seas; which was referred
to the Committee ori Naval Affairs.
Also, a memorial from the professors and stu-
dents of Jefferson Medical College, in Philadel-
phia, signed by all the officers, and by students
from various States of the Union, praying for the
outfit and employment of vessels to proceed to the
Arctic seas for the relief or rescue of Dr. Kane,
in command of the American expedition in search
of Sir John Franklin; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of Ann W. Butler, adminis-
tratrix of Riclmrd Butler,praying the payment of
a balance standing to his credit on the books of
the Treasury, with interest; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. ADAMS presented the petition of Oscar
"W. Turk, praying payment for services rendered
as clerk in the office of the Fourth Auditor of the
Treasury in 1853; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. FISH presented an additional document in
relation to the claim of Cathaiine Clark, to a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Also, the petition of Howard & Co., of Buffalo,
New York, remonstrating against the renewal of
the patents granted to Cyrus H. McGormick and
Obed Hussey, for improvements in reaping ma-
chines; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That Dr. Johnston Lykins hav<> lonvc to with-
draw* his petition and papers, for presentation to the De-
partment of the Interior.
JUDICIAL AjWD CONGRESSIONAL COMPENSA-
TION.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to give notice that I
shall, on Tuesday next, ask the Senate to take up
and dispose of the bill which I submitted early ni
the session, increasing the compensation of the
Judges of the Supreme Court and of the members
of the two Houses of Congress.
10
PASSENGER VESSEL PENALTIES.
Mr. FISH. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to introduce a bill of which I have not
had an opportunity previously to give notice. It
is a bill to remit certain penalties in favor of pas-
senger vessels.
Unanimous consent was given, and the bill was
introduced, and read twice by itS title.
Mr. PISH. If there be no objection, I should
like to have the bill put on its passage now, as
there is some necessity for speedy action on it.
It has been submitted to the Treasury Depart-
ment, and meets the approbation of the Secretary.
The necessity arises from the fact that the present
Secretary of the Treasury has put a construction
upon the acts of 1847 and 1848, relating to these
vessels, different from that which Mr. Walker,
when in the Department, had made. Mr. Walker
advised the parties owning these vessels that they
were entitled to bring passengers on two different
decks; but the present Secretary construes the
law as not allowing that; and [ am inclined to
think his construction is the correct one. Vessels,
however, have been engaged for the last seven or
eight years in bringing passengers on two decks.
There are many vessels now on their way from
Europe to this country, in which are passengers
thus placed, acting under the construction given
by Mr. Walker. They have not had time to
conform to the new construct^ of the law.
The bill provides for the remittance of the pen-
alties on vessels which shall have sailed before
the first of March next. The penalties would be
remitted by tlie Department, in all probability, as
soon as they arrived; but they are liable to seizure
and attachment, at very heavy cost. The object
of the bill is to relieve them. The Treasury De-
partment agrees to it. The bill has been submitted
to the Secretary of the Treasury; and an amend-
ment, proposed by him, has been embodied in it.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent to consider the bill now. The Chair hears
110 objection. The bill is before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. NORRIS. I do not understand the prop-
osition of the Senator from Netv York. I under-
stand that it is to remit certain penalties for the
violation of a law. My own opinion is, that a
bill of that kind ought not to pass here without
investigation.
Mr. FISH. If the Senator will hear the bill
read perhaps he will not object.
The bill was read. Its object is toprovide that
none of the penalties imposed by the first section
of the act to regulate the carriage of passengers in
merchant vessels, of the 27th of February, 1847,
shall be enforced against any vessel which shall
have sailed since the first of December, 1854, or
which may sail prior to the first of March, 1855,
for any port in the United States from any port
or place in Europe, by reason of any such vessel
having carried passengers on anotherdeck between
the lower and the uppermost or spar deck, as well
as the lower deck, with the proviso, however, that
the space required by that act for each passenger
i on the lower deck shall have been allowed to each
| passenger on that upper deck; and also, that all
1 pains, penalties, and forfeitures which have been,
or would have been, incurred by any vessel sailing
between the periods mentioned by reason of carry-
ing passengers on the upper deck, shall be remitted
if the space required by the act of 1847 for passen-
gers on the lower deck shall have been allowed to
passengers on the upper deck. The remission,
however, is not to be construed to extend to any
other violation of the act of 1847, or of any other
act of Congress, than that of carrying passengers
on the deck between the lower and uppermost or
spar deck; nor to any vessel Sailing after the first
of March, 1855.
Mr. FISH. If the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire still objects, 5 will explaifi that
the necessity for this bill arises from the fact 
Mr. NORRIS. I suppose, if I object to the
consideration of the bill now, that is sufficient,
and I do object to its passage—it not having been
referred to any committee, and no report, as I
understand, having been made upon it.
Mr. FISH. The Senator has the power to
object.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator wish to
refer the bill ?
Mr. FISH. No, sir. Let it lie oil the table,
and I shall call it up on Tuesday.
Mr. NORRIS. I move its reference. I think
it ought to be referred, and deliberately considered,
Mr. FISH. I move that it lie upon the table.
Mr. NORRIS. I wish -to refer it to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. Fish's motion was agreed to.
BETSEY WHIPPLE.
The bill for the relief of Betsey Whipple was
read a second time, and, on motion by Mr.Wade,
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to its consideration.
Its object is to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Betsey Whipple, widow of
Stephen Whipple, late a pensioner of the United
States, on the roll of pensioners at the rate of
ninety-six dollars per annum, from June 28th,
1853, during her widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read a third time, and
passed.
Mr. BADGER. In accordance with the under-
standing, which was announced and distinctly un-
derstood by the Senate, at our last sitting, I now
move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned until Tuesday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, December 30, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Si.icer
The Journal of Wednesday was read and ap-
proved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, trans-
mitting a report from the general disbursing agent
of the Coast Survey, Samuel Hem, Esq., for*
warded by the Superintendent, showing the names
and number of persons employed during the last
fiscal year, upon the Coast Survey and business
connected therewith, the amount of compensation
received by them, the nature ;f their employment,
and the length of time during which they were
employed, with a statement of all expenditures
made under the direction of the Superintendent of
the Const Survey; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Department of
the Interior, transmitting, in obedience to a reso-
lution of the House of Representatives, a report
nmde by Dr. Charles H. Nichols, the Superin-
tendent of the Insane Asylum, in the District of
Columbia, accompanied by a bill for the organiza-
tion of the institution as a hospital for the insane
of the Army and Navy, and of the District of
Columbia, and a copy of the propositions of the
Association of Medical Superintendents of Ameri-
can Institutions for the organization of institu-
tions for the insane, together with suggestions
made by Dr. Thomas Miller, a resident physician
of this city, and stating that some legislation for
the organization of the institution was indispensa-
bly necessary.
M r. IIA MILTON. I move that the communi-
cation be referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
Mr. PHELPS. I think it should go to the
Committee on Military Affairs. I believe it relates
to a military hospital.
Mr. HAMILTON. It is, also, for the insane
of the District of Columbia. It appears m answer
to a resolution reported by the Committee for the
District of Columbia, and, I think, it should go to
that committee.
