146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2,
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. HAVEN. I rise to a privileged motion;
and I do it now because I fear that, in the dispo-
sition of these communications, some question
may arise which may cause a division of the
Hjuse, and we shall be found without a quorum.
I move that when this House adjourns, it adjourn
to meet on Tuesday next.
The motion was agreed to.
' BETSEY WHIPPLE.
A message was received from the Senate, in-
forming the House that that body had passed a
bill for the relief of Betsey Whipple, in which
they asked the concurrence of the House.
HOUSE CONTINGENT FUND.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Clerk of the House, trans-
mitting his annual statement in reference to the
contingent fund of the House.
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a resolution
authorizing the Committee on Invalid Pensions to
employ a clerk for twenty days. I will state to
the House that, at the commencement of the ses-
sion, a larger amount of business was found upon
our hands than we expected. Some of the mem-
bers of that committee are unable to attend to its
duties because of ill-health; others because they
find they have private business of their own that
demands all their time and energies; so that the
whole labor of examining cases is devolved upon
a few members. We ask that we may have a
clerk for twenty days.
There being no objection, the resolution was
received, and, by unanimous consent, considered,
and agreed to; as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
authorized to employ a clerk lor twenty days at four dol-
lars per diem.
WILLIAM H. RUSSELL.
Mr. READY, by unanimous consent, presented
thepetition of William H. Russell, late collector
for the district of Monterey, California, praying
compensation for his services and for expenditures
incurred by him while in office; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
INDUSTRIAL EXPOSITION AT PARIS.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMaine. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to allow me to intro-
duce a resolution for the purpose of having it
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The resolution is in these words:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy, if, in his
judgment, not inconsistent with the requirements of the
naval service, he, and is hereby, directed to provide for the
conveyance, to pome convenient port in France, m one
Of our national ships, upon Mich terms and under such
regulations as, he may prescribe, such works of art, and such
arttcics, the produet of the indusliy and skill of the people
of ttiia country, as they may desire to send forward for
exhibition at the World's Pair or Exposition, to be held m
Paris in 1855.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object.
BILLS REPORTED.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee of Claims,
by unanimous consent, reported back a bill for the
relief of Henry H. Marsh; which was referred to
«t Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, on leave, reported a bill extend-
ing the provisions of the act of Augu.st 11, 1848, to
the widows and orphans of persons dying in the
military service of the United States; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
COMMANDER WILLrAM F. LYNCH.
Mr. FAULKNER submitted the following
resolution; which, by unanimous consent, was
Considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of allowing to Com-
mander William F. Lynch, dnmig the time he was engaged
in the. exploration of tiie Dead Sea, the same pay lhat was
allowed to Lieutenants ilermion and Gibbon, during the
lime Ui«;y were engaged in the exploration of tile Amazon.
JOSHUA CHAMBERS.
Qn motion by Mr. GJDDINGS, the bill for the
relief of Joshua Chambers was taken from the
Speaker's table, and re-referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
MAIL BETWEEN ST. LOUIS AND SAN FRAN-
CISCO. (
Mr. PHELPS submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which, by unanimous consent, was consi-
dered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency
oi' establishing an express mail between St. Louis, Mis-
souri, and San Francisco, California, for the transmission
of letters, and of increasing the rates of postage on letters
carried in said mail^and to report by bill or otherwise.
SILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GREENWOOD, by unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a
bill for the relief of William G. Preston, late a
captain in the Army during the war of the United
■ States with Mexico; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. *
Mr. LANE, of Oregon, by unanimous consent,
and in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a
bill to establish an additional land district in the
Territory of Oregon; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. McMULLIN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will with-
draw that motion, I suppose we can go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and pass one of the appropriation bills.
Mr. HAMILTON. If there is a quorum pres-
ent, I have no objection to that. I withdraw my
motion in order that we may ascertain whether
there be a quorum present.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The question was taken; and, on a count, there
were only fifty in the affirmative.
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and, thereupon, (at
twenty-five minutes past' twelve o'clock,) the
House adjourned until Tuesday next.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 2, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. W. H. Mil.burn.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
Hon. Stephen R. Mallory, of Florida, ap-
peared in his seat to-day.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting theannualstatement required
by the act of May 1, 1820, prepared by the Sec-
ond Comptroller of the Treasury, showing bal-
ances of appropriations standing upon the books
of his office to the credit of the Department of the
Interior, on tile 1st of July, 1853, the amounts
appropriated by Congress for the service of the
fiscal year ending 30th of ^une, 1854, including
repayments and transfers of appropriation, and
the aggregate amounts applicable to the service of
said fiscal year; also, the amounts drawn from
said appropriations, or carried to the surplus fund
from 1st of July, 1853, to 3(Kh of June, 1854, and
the balances remaining in the Treasury at the last
named date; which was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, transmitting the annual statement,
prepared by the Register of the Treasury, of the
receipts and expenditures of the marine hospital
fund for the relief of sick and disabled seamen in
the ports of the United States, for the fiscal year
ending 30ih June, 1854; which was ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Senate,
showing the payments made from the contingent
fund of the Senate for the year ending December
3, 1854; which was ordered to lie on the table and
be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of the
register and receiver of the land office at Milan,
Missouri, asking additional compensation for
extra services, imposed by the act of the 4th of
August, 1854; which was referred to the Commit- .
tee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of the register and receiver of
the land office at Jackson, Missouri, asking addi-
tional compensation for extra services, performed
under the act of August 4, 1854; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of the register and receiver of
the land office at Lafayette, Missouri, praying
additional compensation for extra services, im-
posed by the act of 4th August, 1854; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of Stephen Johnson and
others, praying the passage of an act to authorize
them to locate lots in the town of Atchison, in
Kansas Territory; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Also, the memorial of Joseph Clymer, of Mis-
souri, praying indemnity for losses sustained in
consequence of the failure of the Government to
carry out a contract made with him for the trans-
portation of military stores; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the memorial of
the Philadelphia Board of Trade, praying Con-
gress to secure, by negotiation or otherwise, the
erection of a light-house at Cape Race; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented additional papers
in the case of Josiah S. Little; which were referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, a petition of citizens of Castine, Maine,
praying an appropriation for a custom-house and
post office at that place; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ROCKWELL presented a petition of clerks
in the United States armory at Springfield, Massa-
chusetts, praying to be allowed an increase of
compensation; which was referred to the Commit- .
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FISH presented thepetition of L. L. Chap-
man, praying for a reward for the discovery of
the physical cause of the irregular phenomena of
nature,storms, elementary changes,&c., involving
also the independent physical cause of the cholera,
&,c.; also asking for an appropriation to enable
him further to continue his investigations; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of John
H, Thompson, John W. Dorsey, Alexander
Wiley, John D. Thorpe, Harris Pyner, Robert
Hanna, and Thomas H. Sharpe, praying an
amendment to the bounty land act of September
28, 1850, so as to extend its benefits equally to
each officer and soldier for whose benefit it was
designed, regardless of time; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. NORRIS presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Georgetown, District of Columbia, against
the passage of the bill of the House of Represent-
atives, now pending in the Senate, empowering
the corporation of that town to levy additional
taxes on its inhabitants; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. BUTLER presented the petition of Hall
Neilson, praying the ^emission of interest on notes
given the United States in payment for land;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance,
Mr. CASS presented a remonstrance, signed by
Messrs. Howard & Co., of Buffalo, against the
renewal of the patents of Cyrus H. McCormick
and Obed Hussey, for improvements in reaping
machines; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of B. F.
Danby,_the receiver of public moneys, and of R.
A. Watkins, the register of the land office at Lit-
tle Rock, Arkansas, praying to be allowed the
same per centum on the sales of the public lands
as was allowed them previous to the passage of
the act of August 4, 1854; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of citizens of Ashley county,
Arkansas, praying the establishment of a post
route from Hamburg to Matie Saline Landing, on
the east bank of the Ouachita river, and from
thence to El Dorado, Union county, Arkansas,
and a post office at Marie Saline Landing; which
