1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
AlsOi a petition of citizens of the counties of
Pulaski, Sabit), and Hot Springs, Arkansas, pray-
ing the establishment of a post route#from Little
Kock, Arkansas, via Jericho, (old post office,)
and on to Chenauit and Hot Springs, Arkansas;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WADE presented additional documents
relating to the claim of John Brown; which were
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FISH. Mr. President, 1 have been re-
quested to present a petition very numerously and
very respectably signed by citizens of New York,
in relation to the existing war in Europe, in which
they express their desire for the restoration of
peace, and ask that Congress shall, in such manner
and to such extentas shall bethought convenient,
express their willingness to offer the mediation of
this Government to the contending parties. I
move its reference to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That thepetilion ofSimeon Knnjht, on the files
Of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That the petition ot" John Brown, with the ad-
verse report of the Committee oil Pensions thereon, be
recommitted to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That the documents on ttie files of the Senate,
relating to the claim of VVdliam Road, be referred to the
Committee on Military Afiair-i.
REPORT FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a joint resolution for the
relief of John Donnell ur. Sons, submitted an
adverse report thereon, which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of W. P. Young,
praying arrears of compensation as inspector of
customs at Portsmouth, Virginia, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
was read and passed to a second reading. Tile
report was ordered to be printed.
SENATE BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message was received from the President of
the United" States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had approved and signed
the following: bills and joint resolution:
A bill to suppress the circulation of small notes
as a currency in the District of Columbia;
A bill to provide for the contingent expenses of
the Territory of Nebraska;
A bill to authorize the issue of patents to lands
in any State or Territory in certain cases;
A bill supplemental to an act therein mentioned;
and
A jointresolution forthe appointment ofRegents
in the Smithsonian Institution.
ENROLLED BILLS.
A message from the House of Representatives
announced that the Speaker had signed certain
enrolled bills, which were, thereupon, signed by
the President of the Senate, as follow;
A bill to authorize the Washington Gas-Light
Company to increase the capital stock of said
company;
A bill to amend an act entitled "An act to
establish an Auxiliary watch for the protection of
public and private property m the city of Wash-
ington," approved August 23, 1842;
A bill for the relief of Herman Chittenden;
A bill to discharge the indebtedness of the peni-
tentiary of the District of Columbia; and
A bill giving the consent of Congress to the
cession, by the State of Massachusetts, to the
State of New York, of the district of Boston
Corners.
BOUNTY LAND TO INDIANS.
Mr. BROWN. The Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the joint resolution
from the House of Representatives " declaring
the Seneca Indians entitled to pensions and boun-
ty land in certain cases," have instructed me to
report it back with amendments. If there be no
objection, I ask for the consideration of the reso-
lution now.
No objection being made, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution.
The first amendment of the committee was to
strike out all after the resolving clause, and insert:
That the acta heretofore passed by Congress granting
bounties m land to persona engaged in the military service
of the United States m time of war, he so construed as to
include Choctaw and other Indians, in the same manner
and to the same extent as if the said Indians had been
white men.
The second amendment was to amend the title
of the joint resolution so as to make it read:
A joint resolution to extend the benefits of the bounty
land laws of the United States to Choctaw and other In-
dians who have served in the Army of the United States
in tune of war.
Mr. STUAXIT. If the Senator has no objec-
tion, I should like to have the joint resolution
postponed until the amendments can be printed.
Mt*. BROWN. I shall not insist on the con-
sideration of the question now, if there be any
objection; and therefore I move that the jointreso-
lution be postponed until to-morrow, and that the
amendments be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
JUDICIARY SYSTEM.
Mr. BUTLB:R. Mr. President, the bill to
modify and amend the judicial system of the
United States, was made the special order for this
day. I find, however, that someof the gentlemen
of the committee, and tlio^e who entertain different
views on the subject, are not present. 1 move,
therefore, that the bill be taken up for the purpose
of being postponed until the day after to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I now move that it be post-
poned to, and made the special order for, Thurs-
day next, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
REMISSION OF PENALTIES.
Mr. FISH. On Friday last I introduced a bill
to provide for the remission of certain penalties
on passenger ship!?. Its consideration was then I
objected to, and I gave notice that 1 should call it I
up to-day for action; but, at the suggestion ofthe i
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Siuki.ds,] my col-
league on the select committee which has in
charge the general question of passenger ships, I
wish the Senate to allow that bill to be now taken
up in order that it may be committed to that select
committee. 1 move that the Senate lake up the
bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was re-
ferred to the select committee appointed to inquire
into the expediency of amending the laws in refer-
ence to the carriage of passengers in emigrant
ships.
CITRIC TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. JOHNSON". Mr. President, supposing
that the order of the last session, allowing a clerk
for the Committee on Printing, still continued in
furce, on my arrival here the committee, at my
suggestion, appointed a clerk. I have since been
informed that it will need an express resolution of
the Senate, at this session, to allow that committee
to make such an appointment. I regard it as very
material that such an officer should be allowed, i
have been unable to find any records in that com-
mittee of the estimates, calculations, and recom-
mendations of the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing. 1 consider it important that a record should
be kept of those matters, so that, when any par-
ticular job of public printing is executed, we can
see how the actual cost compares with the estimate
of the Superintendent. These lecords should be
regularly kept m a book for that purpose. There
are other matters appertaining to the business of
that committee, which make it necessary .that they
should be allowed a clerk. The character of the
business of the committee is well known to the
Senate. It is troublesome. It relates to work
which costs a great deal of money. For this rea-
son, it is important that we should have a clerk to
keep the proper records; and I am instructed by
the committee to offer the following resolution,
and to ask for its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be allowed to
employ a clerk, whose compensation shall commence
from the lime of his actual service as such.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS LAW DEPARTMENT.
Mr. BRODHEAD. As this is the first work-
ing day of the new year, I think it a very appro-
priate occasion to move that the Senate now take
up for consideration the bill " iu addition to cer-
tain acts granting bounty land to certain officers
and soldiers who have been engaged in the mili-
tary service of the United States." The object of
the bill is to do justice to the soldiers of the war
of 1812, and our other wars.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I dislike to
object to the consideration of the bill suggested by
the Senator from Pennsylvania. There is, how-
ever, a bill on the Calendar, as the special order,
which I have called up repeatedly. I refer to the
bill to establish a Department of Law, and to reg-
ulate the transaction of thebusiness of some of the
ether Departments. That bill was reported by
the committee at the last session, and if it is to
pass the Senate at all, it is important that it should
pass at such an early day as to leave time for the
f louse of Representatives to act upon it. Us con-
sideration has been objected to a number of times
m order to allow gentlemen to examine it; but as
yet no amendments have been pioposed other than
those which were presented by the committee. I
should like to have a vote upon that bill. I look
upon it as being very important to the transaction
of the public business that it should pass. If it
be not the pleasure of the Senate to pass it, I hope
they will at least take n up, and dispose of it in
some way.
Mr. BltODHEAD. I have no doubt that we
can consider both bills before we adjourn to-day.
On the first day of the session I introduced the
bill which I have asked the Senate now to con-
sider. It has been before the Senate for nearly
three years, and I hope my friend from Missis-
sippi will permit us lo proceed with it, and dis-
pose of it. When we have done that we can ta_ke
up his bill, and I hope we shall pass both these
bills this day.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Mississippi, that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill " to
establish a Department of Law, to proscribe cer-
tain duties of the Auditors and Comptrollers of
the Treasury, and for other purposes."
Mr. BRODHEAD. I beg to suggest that my
motion was first made.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair understood
the Senator from Pennsylvania to yield the floor.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I yielded merely to hear a
suggestion from my friend from Mississippi, and
not to allow a motion to supersede mine. Besides,
I do not understand my friend from Mississippi as
urging his bill this morning in preference to the
one which I desire to have considered. I have
no doubt that, during the morning hour, we can
dispose of the bill to which I have called the
attention of the Senate.
Mr. CASS. Independent of that, Mr. Presi-
dent, there are some very important provisions
connected with the bill of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, and u should not be passed without being
looked into. I have not seen a copy of that bill
as it, has been amended, and I wish to have an
opportunity of looking at it. 1 am sure, how-
ever, from the attention 1 have given to it, that it
will require the serious consideration of the Senate
before it is passed. There is a principle in the
bill which, to me, is somewhat dark, I must con-
fess. When the matter comes up I shall explain
my views.
Mr. ADAMS. It really seems, Mr. President,
as if there were no prospect of ever getting that
bill finally disposed of. It was reported by the com-
mittee at the last session; it was called up and made
the special order for an early day this session;
then the Senator from California [Mr. Welleii]
wished to look into it, and it was postponed; and
since that, the bill, as amended, has been printed
and laid on each Senator's table. I have given
way to every Senator who has suggested a doubt
in regard to it. I am willing now, if any Senator
will suggest a day when he thinks the Senate will
be ready to consider it, to agree to postpone it
until that time. It is a matter in which I have no
personal concern, but I owe a duty to the com-
mittee which reported the bill. I have called it up
again and again, but on every occasion some
