m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2,
/Senator has wished time to consider it. If we
continue in that way, I suppose the residue of the
session may pass by without the bill being dis-
posed of.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I will say to the
honorable Senator from Mississippi, that that bill
requires attention. It contains a provision, copied
from the bill establishing the Department of the
.Interior, that the Attorney General, as the head
of a Department, shall " supervise accounts." I
do not know how that provision got into the bill
that was passed in 1849, establishing the Depart-
ment of the Interior. 1 am sure that, if the matter
had been attended to, it could not have got into
that bill. From the foundation of this Govern-
ment, down to that/moment, there never was a
power given to the head of a Department to super-
vise accounts. You cannot find it in a Treasury
law. The theory of the Treasury Department,
from the commencement, was,that the Comptroller
was the legal officer. There are, it is true, cases
in ,which the head of the Department examines
and certifies those contingent accounts which
strictly belong to his Department; but he has no
right to have the slightest legal control over the
operations of the Treasury. A general power to
supervise accounts is a dangerous one.
Mr. ADAMS. Let me suggest to the Senator
to name some day on which he thinks the Senate
will be ready to proceed with the consideration of
the bill.
Mr. CASS. I wish to have it printed, and I
wish time to look into it. I inquired at the
Treasury Department to-day,for I thought it im-
portant to ascertain the views of practical account-
ing officers, men in whom I have confidence. 1
have seen them, and they have not had an oppor-
tunity of looking at the amended bill. I do not
know that it has been printed. I believe not.
Mr. ADAMS. It has been printed, and I will
furnish it to the Senator.
Mr. CASS. 1 wish to have one or two copies.
Mr. ADAMS. Will the Senator agree to con-
sider the bill to-morrow!
Mr. CASS. That will be too soon.
Mr. ADAMS. Say this day week.
Mr. CASS. Very well.
Mr. ADAMS. Then I move that the bill «to
establish a Department of Law, to prescribe certain
duties of the Auditors and Comptrollers of the
Treasury, and for other purposes," be postponed
to, and made the special order for, this (lay week.
The motion was agreed to.
EXTENSION OP THE BOUNTY LAND LAWS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I now renew my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
accordingly, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill "in addition to certain
acts granting bounty land to certain officers and
soldiers who have been engaged in the military
service of the United States."
The object is to entitle each of the surviving
commissioned and non-commissioned officers, mu-
sicians, and privates, whether of regulars, volun-
teers, rangers, or militia, who were regularly
mustered into the service of the United States,
and every officer, commissioned and non-commis-
sioned, seaman, ordinary seaman, marine, clerk,
and landsman, in the navy, except those who
have received prize money, in any of the wars in
which this country has been engaged since 1790,
and each of the survivors of the militia, or volun-
teers, or State troops of any State or Territoiy,
called into military service, and regularly mus-
tered, and whose services have been paid by the
United States subsequent to the 18th of June,
1812, to receive a certificate or warrant from the
Department of the Interior for one hundred and
sixty acres of land. If any of those who have so
served have received a warrant, they are now to
be entitled to a certificate for such quantity as will
make, with what they may have heretofore re-
ceived, one hundred and sixty acres.
In case of the death of any person, who, if
living, would be entitled to a certificate or warrant
under the bill, leaving a widow, or, if no widow,
a minor child or children, the widow or children
are to receive a warrant for the same quantity of
land that the deceased person would be entitled to
receive if now living; but a subsequent marriage
is not to impair the right of any such widow to a
warrant, if she be a widow at the time of making
her application and at the date of the warrant.
The warrant is not to be issued for any service
less than twenty-eight days, or where the person
shall actually have been engaged in battle, nor
unless the party claiming it shall establish his
right by record evidence of the service, or by two
•credible witnesses. The warrants are to be as-
signable.
Mr.'BRODHEAD. The bill now before the
Senate is the same which I introduced about three
years ago, when I first became a member of the
body. Since that time I have urged its passage,
sometimes in season; and sometimes out of season.
Once, on my motion, it was agreed to as an amend-
ment to a land bill, but the House did not concur;
and once it was lost on a tie vote. It is now be-
fore the Senate, I hope, for a definite and favora-
ble consideration.
The mam purpose of the bill is to place the
soldiers of the war of 1812, and the old Indian
fighters, upon the same footing, as to land, with
those who served in the Mexican war. And I
will mention facts to prove that, whether the Mex-
ican soldiers received too much or not, the grant
of land proposed in the bill is just and proper. I
beg to remind the Senate that during the Mexican
war we had an abundant Treasury; the soldiers,
when discharged, were paid in gold and silver, re-
ceived extra pay, and also a warrant for one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land. The war of 1812,
was difficult in many respects. Our country was
then comparatively feeble, our enemy formidable,
and some of the Indian tribes enlisted against us,
and conducted themselves contrary to the rules of
civilized warfare. At the close of the war many
were discharged without pay, with only certificates
of indebtedness, which were parted with for little,
and were not paid for months after.
It would be a work of supererogation, if not
affectation, for me to attempt to prove or assert
that the patriotic men of 1812 and 1814 rendered
the country good service. They need no eulogy at
my hands. They fought our battles, gained our
victories, drove back our invading foe, elevated
the character of our country, preserved our insti-
tutions, and were poorly paid. Those who pro-
tected our frontiers from Indian depredations were
equally meritorious.
The proposed measure is one of justice to the
old States, in which most of the soldiers reside.
In the great and good old Commonwealth, which
I have the honor, in part, to represent, at least
ten or twelve thousand persons will be, either
directly or indirectly, benefited by the passage of
this bill. At the last session we passed a bill,
graduating and reducing the price of the public
lands, an act greatly beneficial to the new States.
Let us now pass this bill, and it will give aid and
comfort to a most useful, and, in many cases,
needy persons in the old States. Besides, it will
be a compliment well deserved, and gratefully
received. We are in a condition to do it with-
out injury to the public service. We have an
overflowing Treasury, and large bodies of public
lands. Let us pass this bill, and it will be a good
commencement of a New Year. 1 propose to
modify the bill a little in its details, and will,
therefore, propose a few slight amendments.
My first amendment is, to include in the first
section, " sea-fencibles," and to strike out, after
the provision in relation to seamen, the words
" except those who have received prize money."
Upon inquiry, 1 have ascertained that those who
received prize money got very little—so little that
it is hardly worth while to take it into account.
It is true, that bounty land warrants have been
heretofoie granted to those engaged in the land
service in preference to those engaged in the naval
service of the country, because the one were enti-
tled to prize money, and the other not; but, upon
'inquiry, I find that the sailors who received prize
money got only six, or eight, or ten dollars apiece.
I wisli, therefore, to strike out that provision. I
propose also, to strike out the second section, and
insert a substitute which I shall send to the Secre-'
tary's desk, and to modify the third section so as
to make it more easily understood.
I have been very much urged to agree to extend
the provisions of the bill to heirs-at-law; but I
have declined so to do, because I think it would
' be going too far. I have also been urged to agree
| to an amendment in regard to the time of service.
11 The bill provides that all who served twenty-eight
|! days or more,or those.who were actually engaged
[| in battle, or were taken prisoners, shall be entitled
tothe proposed bounty. Many wish to strike oul
this restriction; but it seems to me that a man
who did not serve twenty-eight days, or who was
not engaged in actual battles or was not taken
prisoner, c$n hardly be called a hero or a veteran of
the war of *1812. It may be that, upon this point,
I am wrong; but it has occurred to me, that it
would be more complimentary to those who ac-
tually rendered good service, to place them upon
higher ground than those who served less than
twenty-eight days. 1 am not tenacious as to this
provision, though I think that we shall strengthen
the bill by keeping it as it is in this respect. I
now send to the Chair the amendments to which I
have alluded.
The PRESIDENT. The amendments will be
read.
The Secretary proceeded to read them. The
first was to insert, after the word " rangers," the
word " sea-fencibles," and to strike out " except
those who have received prize-money."
The amendment was agreed'to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
second section of the original bill", which was in
these words:
"Sec. 2. Jlndbeit further enacted, That in case of the
death of any person who, if living, would be entitled to a
certificate or warrant, as aforesaid, under this act, leaving
a widow, or, if no widow, a mmoi child or children, such
widow, or, if no widow, such minor child or children, shall
be entitled to receive a certificate or warrant for the same
quantity ot land that such deceased person would be entitled
to receive under the provisions of tins" act, if now living :
Provided, That a subsequent marriage shall not impair the -
right of any such widow to such wan ant, if site be a widow
at the time ot' making her application, and at the date of
such warrant,"
and to insert in lieu thereof, the following:
Sec 3. Jlnd be it jurther enacted, That in case of the
dcaih of any person entitled to a certificate or warrant
under the provisions of the foregoing section, such certifi-
cate or wairant shall be issued m lavor of, and inure to,
the benefit of his family, according to the following rules :
First, to his widow; second, his children ; third, his father;
tourth, Ins mother: Prowled, /owever, That no person
who has peipetiated, or attempted to perpetrate, a fraud
on the United States, under any law, shall be entitled to
tile benefit ot any provisions of this act: Provided further,
That a subsequent maruage shall not impair the right of
any such widow to such warrant, if she be a widow at the
tune ot her making her application.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, if I haveheard
correctly the amendment as read from the Secre-
tary's desk,'it seems to me that itis a much wider
departure from th'e bounty land system than any
which the Senator has suggested in his argument.
As I have understood the reading of that amend-
ment, it proposes to give to the children of one of
these soldiers bounty land, although he may be a
full-grown man. That, sir, is not only'a new prop-
osition, but, I repeat, itis extending the bounty
land system infinitely further than anything which
the honorable Senator has suggested. According
to the system as it has been heretofore adopted,
there seems to be a propriety m giving bounty
land to a widow, or to a minor child; but to give
bounty land to a full-grown man, who does not
need it, as a mere gratuity, seems to me to be a
stretch of liberality that will interfere largely,
very largely, with the argument the Senator him-
self made, at the last session, against the power
of Congress to give away the public lands. I
speak now simply of the power. The power to
give away the public land does not rest upon the
genealogy of the individual to whom it is given.
The power of Congress to give away the public
lands is as complete in favor of a man whose
father was not in the service of the country as in
favor of one whose father was. The cession from
the State of Virginia does not qualify it; there is
no treaty through which we acquire the public
lands that doesqualify it. I think, then, the Sen-
ator will find, when he comes to review this prop-
osition, that there is a little difficulty with some
gentlemen, and he among the number, on the sub-
ject of power.
But, sir, if you pay no sort of regard to the
necessities of the individual, there is a very great
question of propriety. It is fair to presume, for
the purposes of this species of legislation, that the
widow of a soldier, or the minor heir of a soldier,
needs the aid of the Government; but it would be
a most violent presumption to suppose that every
child of am individual who may have served the
Government in any of the capacities named in this
bill, needs the Government assistance, without
regard to the age of the individual.
The second section of the Senator's bill, as it
