THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2,
day less than the time here limited. Well, now,
sir, why should a man, or why should any num-
ber of men, who just served twenty-eight days be
more entitled to this bounty land than a soldier,
or a number of soldiers, who served twenty-seven
days—one day less ? If, therefore, you intend to
shorten the period, and make it less than one
month, which, it appears to me, is short enough, I
think it would be more fair, and more sensible to
adopt the suggestion of the Senator from Mich-
igan. I shall, therefore, vote for the amendment.
I eannot consent to anything which would operate
so unfairly as the bill, as it stands, would operate
in making the distinction.
Mr. CASS. I repeat, what I before observed,
that I want the bill to pass; but it would seem to
me to be a want of consideration to give one
hundred and sixty acres to a man for one day's
service. As I before said, it is"difficult to draw a
line; but certainly a line drawn down to that—to
■ give one hundred and sixty acres for one day's
service—does not seem to be doing justice. If you
were to graduate the grant, and give one hundred
and sixty acres for the greatest service, and so on
downwards, according to the service, that could
not be objected to; but we are assuming the grant
to be one hundred and sixty acres, and I shnuld
be willing, perhaps, to come down to two weeks,
but I think a discriminating line should not be
altogether swept away.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not think that this is
intended to be regulated by the consideration of
the service actually rendered by any of the sol-
diers whatever, as I understand the bill. First,
we have a large quantity of public lands, which
we desire to dispose of, whether they want them
or not. It seems we are desirous of getting them
out of our hands, and from under our control.
The next object, as I suppose, which the bill has,
is to encourage patriotism; and the men who, in
the war of 1812, took up their muskets, and put
on their knapsacks, and went out in defense of
their country, although it was but ten, fifteen, or
twenty days, showed a willingness to discharge
every duty incumbent upon them as soldiers or
citizens, while, because they were in a portion
of the country which needed no immediate de-
fense, and because they could be attached to no
portion of the army immediately in the neighbor-
hood, they were often discharged, although they
had volunteered for twelve months, or more.
Now, sir, it was the principle, the disposition to
defend the country, that prompted them to go,
which is the thing that I desire to encourage.
As to the compensation of the soldier of 1812,
that was regulated by the existing laws of the
time. When he volunteered, or was enrolled, he
received the pay he had contracted to receive.
The present course of Congress is to compensate
those who have once served the country, in order
to encourage those who may hereafter serve, and
the better plan, if we intend to give the public
lands away, is to give them to those soldiers who
exhibited, by their course of conduct during the
war of 1812, a disposition to serve the country.
Why, sir, by some accident during the war
Home officers and men were engaged in active ser-
vice, in battles, and they received all the honors
of the action; while hundreds, by accident, were
thrown in another p jition, who, if they had been
called upon, would have equally distinguished
themselves. So, sir, the only principle which
shall regulate my vote in this matter, shall be the
disposition which was shown to serve the country.
If one of those men who was enrolled was not
called upon to go into action, it was not his fault.
I agree, sir, with the Senator from Michigan.
If you open the door voluntarily, and make a
donation of your public lands, I see no rule by
which you can limit your liberality, because, a
man who may have been in the service, and sick
all the time,and rendered no service to thecountry,.
but was an expense, comes in for the grant. It is,
then, the disposition which we consider. While
we are giving away the public lands, let us do it
upon a broad and liberal scale; let us do it upon a
principle we all understand—to encourage the
patriotism of the country, by rewarding those
whohaveshown it heretofore, in order to encourage
those who may come hereafter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Stoart.] «
Mr. BADGER. I should like the Senator to
explain the effect of it—whether it will enlarge or
diminish the number who will receive the grant.
Mr. STUART. I will say to the Senator from
North Carolina, that the effect of it will be to give
to every individual who was mustered into the
service of theUnited States and paid, onehundred
and sixty acres of land, and will change the sec-
tion which now requires a service of twenty-eight
days.
Mr. BADGER. Then, sir, I desire to say that
I shall vote for that amendment, because I cannot
see why a service of twenty-eight days should be
required. I shall be excluded, myself, from the
benefits of this bill, but still I will agree to vote
for it without the amendment, if we can have an
understanding that the compensation bill for
members of Congress, which I introduced, shall
pass the Senate without the yeas and nays, and
without opposition. [Laughter.]
Mr. BRODHEAD. I agree that, after we do
justice to the soldiers, we should proceed to do
justice to ourselves. Mr. President, I am for
enlarging the provisions of this bill, so far as we
can do so with safety to its success. Hence it
was that I moved to strike out the words "minor
children," and insert "children." That would
have enlarged its benefits very much—more so
than the amendment suggested by my honorable
friend from Michigan, which is to strike out the
limitation of twenty-eight days. Therefore, it
seems strange to me that honorable Senators,
while they voted against the amendment to strike
out the words " minor children," yet insist upon
the amendment suggested by the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan. If it should be adopted, I
shall cheerfully vote for the bill; but I believe it
is better to retain the limitation of twenty-eight
days. Sir, it is much easier to point out the
defects of a bill, or of a system, than to devise
the remedy. You cannot, as has been well said,
make a general law or, a general provision, that
will not operate unjustly in particular cases. For
these reasons I shall vote against the proposed
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. This bill has brought within
its provisions a large class of persons. If I under-
stand it, it now includes the children of any officer
or soldier of any war since 1790; and any one who
served for one day in the war of 1812 will be enti-
tled to one hundred and sixty acres ofland. Now,
sir, I know this fact: that there are two widows,
living not more than ten miles apart, one of whom
—a surviving widow of a revolutionary soldier—
could not obtain a pension because she could not
prove that her husband had been four months m
the service. She could not obtain a pension be-
cause she could not prove that her husband had
served four months in the revolutionary war. The
evidence before the committee was very clear that
he had served three months; but she could not
establish the fact that he had served four months,
or six months, which ever it was. Now, 1 move
the following as an additional section to this bill:
Sec. 5. Jlnri be it further cnnrtnl, That the surviving
widows of the officers and soldiers of the revolutionary
war 1)0 entitled to the provisions of this act, provided their
husbands shall have served the time specified in the act.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Bills for the relief of the
survivors of the soldiers of the revolutionary war
have always been considered distinctly from bills
making grants to those who served in subsequent
wars. I do not know that provisions for the ben-
efit of the officers and soldiers of the Revolution
have ever been included in a bill providing for the
officers and soldiers of the other wars. They have
always been provided for in bills by themselves.
I therefore rise for the purpose of saying that I do
not think this amendment is exactly germane to
the bill; and I hope, for that reason, thatmy hon-
orable and distinguished friend from South Caro-
lina will not press it. There is another reason
why it should not be pressed. If I am not very
much mistaken, the officers of the war of the Revo-
lution did receive large grants of bounty land.
Certainly, those who served in the Virginia line
did; and I know one who served in the Pennsyl-
vania Continental line who received such bounty
lands.
Mr. BUTLER. The officers of the Continental
line may have received it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 think, therefore, that a
provision extending the benefits of this bill to the
revolutionary officers and soldiers, and their de-
scendants, had better be considered in a separate
and distinct bill. I will certainly go for a pro-
vision of that kind, but I do not think it is proper
to press its consideration as an amendment to this
bill. It may, and I believe it will, embarrass it
very much.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not see how a provision
of this kind could embarrass this bill; but I do not
hesitate to say that the widows—theaged widows—
of the revolutionary officers and soldiers, are enti-
tled to the justice of this Government in preference
to the soldiers of the war of • 1812, or the soldiers
who fought in Mexico; and I state the fact, that,
according to the law now, no widow of a revolu-
tionary officer can obtain a pension, unless-she
can establish the fact that her husband served six
months. He may have served three months—
he may have served in the swamps, without
bread, encountering all the hardships and perils
of that war, but his widow cannot receive one
dollar, either from the public Treasury or the
public domain, because she cannot establish the
fact that he served six months. I want to put the
widow of a soldier of the revolutionary war pre-
cisely upon a footing with the widow of a soldier
of the war of 1812. There is no reason why it
should not be done. I have limited the amendment
to the widows, because we may very well say that
there are now no minor children of revolutionary
officers. J think that may be pretty well assumed.
I have, therefore, limited it to the widows, and
there are very few of them. It cannot hurt the
bill.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator has very
properly observed that this can do little injury.
There are very few of those widows remaining.
But I should like to know the fact, if the Senator
can tell me, as to what is the actual provision of
existing laws, in respect to pensions for the
widows of revolutionary officers.
Mr. BUTLER. I will state a fact which may
go to illustrate the law. My opinion is, that no
widow of a revolutionary officer can obtain a pen-
sion , unless she can establish, by satisfactory proof
to the Department that her husband served six
months. If it is but one day under that she can-
not get a dollar. 1 am certain that the case
which I have mentioned happened, that a lady,
whose husband fought in the battles of the Revo-
lution, could not obtain a pension from the Gov-
ernment because she could only prove three
months'service. There are very few of that class
left.
My friend from Pennsylvania says that the
revolutionary soldiers have received lands. To
a very limited extent, sir. Allow me to say, that
of the soldiers who fought in South Carolina,
from North Carolina, from Virginia, and from
South Carolina, designated and known as State
troops, not one of the officers, or their descend-
ants, has received a dollar from this Government.
"Mr. CASS. They received land.
Mr. BUTLER. Not an acre in right of their
services that I have ever heard of.
Mr. CASS. Will the Senator allow me to say,
that all the officers in the revolutionary war,
whether they enlisted for the war, or for three
years, I think it was, were entitled to one hundred
acres of land. That was assumed by the United
States and given out of the western lands. But,
besides that, the States that had the luck to hold
lands of their own, like North Carolina, Virginia,
and, I think, New York, and,possibly, Connec-
ticut, gave to their officers and soldiers very large
quantities of land, independently of what was
given by the United States. South Carolina, I
believe, had no land.
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir.
Mr. CASS. A number of the States had, and
they gave very large grants. Virginia, as is well
known there, reserved the whole country between
the Sciota and the Miami rivers, Ohio—and a
most delightful region it is—to give to the soldiers
of her line. But, I repeat, all the officers and
soldiers of the revolutionary war, who served
according to the tenor of the law, which, I think,
required three years'service, received onehundred
acres, and those one hundred acres were located
in what is known as the United States military
tract in Ohio, a country running by Zanesville and
Columbus, and extending east and west for one
hundred and fifty miles. That is the United
States military tract, in which the warrants of the
revolutionary officers and soldiers were located.
