1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
Mr. BUTLER. There is no one who could
put me right sooner than the honorable Senator
from Michigan; but I cannot be mistaken in
saying that 1 do not think thesoldiers and officers
of the State line—as far as I can speak for South
Carolina—received an acre.
Mr. CASS. When the Senator speaks of the
State line, it is well known that, independent of
the troops raised under the authority of the United
States, there were cases in which the States raised,
for particular purposes, troops of their own, and
the land bounty of the United States was not
extended to them. In that point of view the
Senator is perfectly right. I referred only to the
troops of South Carolina in the actual service.
Mr. BUTLER. Oh, certainly. I think my
friend and myself will agree very well. The Con-
tinental troops—and there were a good many of
that class in South Carolina—received land war-
rants; butas to General Sumpter, General Marion,
General Pickens, and their commands, I will say
that not a soldier of them received an acre of your
public land. My father was a captain in the Rev-
olution, and X know he has never received an acre
of land. 1 will tell you what they did receive:
they received indents issued by the Government
of South Carolina, payable as certificates, and
bearing a certain amount of interest. It is known
that they depreciated, and they received very little.
The Government here assumed the StDte debts
ultimately; and speculators were benefited by it.
But that has nothing to do with the question.
What I say now is so plain that thefe is not a
mind, looking to it in the abstract, or as an act of
palpable justice, but must see that my proposition
will aid this bill rather than detract from it. As
it stands, the widow of a man who shouldered his
musket and went to the county court-house, or
into camp, in the war of 18iy, will receive a bounty
of one hundred and sixty acres of land, while the
widow of a revolutionary officer or soldier, whose
husband served for four months, will not be en-
titled to an acre under this bill or any other bill
that has been passed. There are very few of
those widows left; and I would go so far as to
say, that they should receive land and some of the
treasure of the United States, m viilue of the ser-
vices of their husbands, if they served only one
day. The amendment can do no harm. I think
it will benefit the lull.
Mr. RUSK". 1 agree with my friend from South
Carolina. If the bill is an act of justice, it is as
much deserved by the class to whom he proposes
to extend it as by any who are contained in the
bill. If it is an act. of gratitude, certainly it is still
stronger; and how it would defeat the bill, I cannot
see.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I concur fully
with the Senator from South Carolina; i see no
reason why the restriction should be maintained
in the bill which is contained in the first section
in the words " since 1790," limiting the grant to
those who have been engaged in any of our wars
since 1790. I ask if there is a Senator upon this
floor who is willing t.o make a discrimination of
that kind against thesoldiers of the revolution5
The effect of the bill is only to grant one hundred
and sixty acres of land to those who have not
heretofore received any, and to those who have
received a part, enough to make up that quantity
of land. In the first, section, there is introduced
this restriction, by which the operation of it is
limited to the wars that have occurred since 1790.
Now, the object of my honorable friend from South
Carolina can be attained by stiiking out that
restriction in the first section. As it now reads, it
relatts to those who have served ;' in any of the
wars in which this country has been engaged since
1790;" and then there is the further provision, that
<< where any of those who have so served shall I
have received a certificate or warrant, he shall be 1
entitled to a certificate or warrant for such quantity j
of land as will make, in the whole, with what he :
may have heretofore received, one hundred and j
sixty acres to each such person having served as j
aforesaid."
Mr. BUTLER. That is right, I will accept (
that amendment. It will attain my object. )
Mr. TOUCEY. I think, sir, we shall then be |
legislating upon a genera! principle, by which we [
shall grant the benefit of this bill to all who nave
been concerned in the wars of the country from
the Declaration of independence.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have but one remark to
make. I shall not be strenuous in my opposition
to the proposed amendment. I merely rise now
for the purpose of congratulating the Senate upon
the liberal spirit which has been exhibited this
morning. For the last three years 1 have pressed
upon the consideration-of the Senate the bill which
is now before us. I have no great objection t.o the
amendment. In fact, upon reflection, I rather in-
cline to favor it. But, after it is adopted, I hope
there will be no further amendments.
Mr. TOUCEY. I submit the amendment to
strike out of the first section the words "since
1790."
Mr. BUTLER. I accept that, as it attains my
object,.which is simply to place the widows of
the soldiers of the Revolution upon a footing with
the widows of the soldiers of 1812, and that can-
not be unjust.
Mr. TOOMBS. I cannot respond to this appeal
for liberality, for which the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania congratulates the Senate. I am opposed to
the bill in any form. I do not think it is a proper
use to make of the public property. I think the
bill, as presented by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania is, in every way, objectionable, both in prin-
ciple and as to th.e established policy of the Gov-
ernment. I think it is one of the best evidences
of the decline from the ancient policy. Let us
look at the history of it. So far as the amend-
ment of the Senator from South Carolina is con-
cerned, I approve of that. If you are going to
divide the public domain, divide it fairly—take in
not only the widows, but the children of the sol-
diers of the revolutionary war. Do not extend
it to one man because he happened to live a little
longer than others.
In the beginning of the war of 181*2, all persons
who enlisted into the public service of the United
States for five years, or d tiring the war, were entitled
to one hundred and sixty acres of land, but these
patriots did not come out then. During the course of
the war, we could not get soldiers. The armies of
the nation were disgraced. Its Capitol was burnt,
and we wanted patriotism. We then increased
the bounty to three hundred and twenty acres.
These gentlemen did not come forward then. After
the Mexican war, we gave every man who had
served twelve months, 1 think, one hundred and
sixty acres. Now, the bill of the Senator from
Pennsylvania is to the effect that, any body who
was ten days, or one day, or one hour, ill the
public service, shall have an amount of the pub-
he domain that never was given upon the same
principle to a soldier of the Revolution, unless he
enlisted for the war. There is mucli misappre-
hension in the Senate as to the system pursued
during the revolutionary war. If I am correct in
my recollection of it, a sohtier in that war had to
serve three years fully, before hecould receive the
grant. Soldiers who served in the armies of the
United States, duiing the Revolution, for two
years, eleven months, and twenty-nine days, have
petitioned Congress since to allow it to them by a
special bill. But under the national enthusiasm
which attended the Mexican war, we gave one
hundred and sixty acres to everybody who served
thirty days.
So far as the bill is concerned, I think it very
likely, if it passes the Senate and the House, I
shall be a beneficiary to theamountof one hundred
and sixty acres of land; but I think it is based
upon no sound principle. The public lands were
got for the purpose of giving additional bounties;
and what has been the treatment of the revolu-
, tionary soldiers who won it, and theirdescendants'
' It is true the officers received their half-pay for
i life, or an agreement for it, which was commuted
| at their own instance, by their request; and the
soldiers received five years'full pay, or ten years'
i half pay. They received every dollar of it. The
j United States paid it exactly as it was agreed to
; be paid. By their contract they agreed to pay
! them iti the public security like other creditors,
! and they paid every man who served,
i Mr. CASS. In the revolutionary war?
I Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
; Mr. CASS. I merely want to state what the
; honorable Senator knows. The actual soldier, to
whom the pay was due, received a mere nominal
, sum. So my father, who was one of the soldiers
! of the Revolution, told me.
Mr. TOOMBS. I speak of the officers. I make
j the distinction.
1 Mr. CASS. The same thing is true in regard
to the officers. They had given a month'spay
for a yard of tobacco. The currency became de-
preciated. It run down to nothing. A good deal
of the paper was the old Continental money. But
as to what was called the funded debt of theUni-
ted States, and the arrangement finally made with
the officers, they were promised half-pay during
life, and they ceded that and received the public
securities, which were redeemed from those who
kept them, and presented them at the Depart-
ment; but the soldiers of the Revolution 
Mr. TOOMBS. That is precisely what I said.
At the time, or just before the officers got their
half-pay for life, the soldiers were offered eighty
dollars. It turned out nothing. I was not draw-
ing a comparison between the Boldiers and tha
officers. The officers got their compensation as
it was promised them.
But, Mr. President, the men of the Revolution
had to serve three years to entitle themselves to
one hundred acres of land. Now, it seems, you
have become so patriotic that three days or an
hour is sufficient; and those very men, of the last
war, who would not enlist for the war, or they
could have got one hundred and sixty acres at the
beginning, or three hundred and twenty after-
wards, but who went out in companies to protect
their own homesteads from Indians or a foreign
enemy, which they ought to have done, now come
forward and claim one hundred and sixty acres
of land—the same as those soldiers who enlisted
for five years, and fought throughout the war. I
say there is 110 equity or justice in it. It is against
all principle. It is wrong, fundamentally wrong.
If you are going to pay these people gratuities,
pay them according to the services rendered. ,
It is very easy to talk about the old defenders
-of the country. Many of those defenders fell
with arms in their hands, and they were not pro-
vided for. Why should you give to those who
happen to live in 1855, after forty years have
rolled over their heads, while you omit the chil-
dren who have been left in penury by the death
of those who have gone down to their graves?
If you are troing to divide the public domain, give
it to the widows and children of those who fought
for the country. Why should they not have it?
Is it patriotism to entirely exclude them ? If you
pny this bounty for services rendered to the public,
pay all who performed the service, and the heirs
of those who rendered that service. Therefore I
shall vote against the bill in any, and in all of its
forms, unless it is broad enough to make a divis-
ion of the public property among the whole people
of the country.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I shall vote
for the bill, and I regret that I dififer from my
friend from Georgia in reference to it. I did not
like the proposition to allow the soldier of one day
to be put on the same footing with one'who served
during the war. Such a provision appears to be
unjust. I am, however, reconciled to this hill, on
a very different ground from any that has been
indicated. So far as it includes the officers and
soldiers who performed service, I think it 13 very
well to give them the land; and I think the widows
of revolutionary soldieis, particularly, are entitled
to it. There are very few of them left, at any
mte, and I am willing to make this provision for
them.
I am inclined to vote for this bill almost in its
fullest latitude, though I should prefer to strike
out one of the amendments which has been
adopted. I am inclined to vote for it because I
believe it is the best form of distributing the public
lands, because 1 believe it is better than the sys-
tem which has heretofore been recommended, of
giving them to every person who will go and
settle upon them. I think it is a better form of
distribution, as for as my section is concerned,
than any which has been presented. Sir, we have
a homestead bill here; and that homestead bill,
when it is offered, has the advantage over almost
any other bill, because it attracts to it voters and
influential men in the coutitry. This bill proposes,
not to distribute the lands to settlers who will go
upon them and take them as a gratuity, but to
distribute them among those who have contributed
their services, in some measure, to win the domain.
1 say in some measure, formy friend from Georgia
is perfectly right in one respect, that the officers
and soldiers of the Revolution are those who won
the independence of the country, and the title to
the very lands we now propose to distribute undsr
