1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
ascertain the exact or probable amount of the
public lands, which will be granted to the soldiers
under this bill, according to the suggestion of the
Senator from Alabama? ft makes but little differ-
ence, whether the amount be one hundred thou-
sand acres or five hundred thousand acres, or
double that quantity. If the bill be right, the
quantity is not material.
Mr. TOOMBS. Has the vote been taken on
retaining the word minor" before "child" in
the second section ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. We took the vote on that,
but I propose to renew in the Senate, the amend-
ment which 1 before offered to the section alluded
to by the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, I do
not desire that the motion of the Senator from
Alabama, to refer the bill to the Committee on
Public Lands, should prevail; but I think it is
very important that the bill should be referred to
some committee, and that it should be submitted
to the Pension Bureau, or to the Secretary of War.
I do not think it is a bill which should appropri-
ately go to the Committee on Public Lands. I
think it properly belongs to the Committee on
Military Affairs, or the Committee on Pensions.
It should be laid before the Pension Bureau or
the War Department. "The Pension Bureau is
familiar with many hard cases in reference to
widows and orphans' of men who have fallen in
the service of their'country, and is able to judge
of the effect of the measure in connection with
the existing pension and bounty hind laws.
For myself, I am willing to give bounty lands
to the surviving soldiers of the last war with
Great Britain, but I am unwilling to extend the bill
in the manner m which it is proposed to be ex-
tended ; and 1 fear from the amendments that have
been agreed to,and which are likely to be adopted,
that I shall be constrained to vote against it. I
hope, however, that my friend from Alabama will
change his motion. Perhaps it would be better
to refer the bill to a select committee, of which
my friend from Pennsylvania should be chairman.
1 think he has labored in the cause of the old
soldiers in such a manner as to give them and the
Senate assurance that he will bring the subject to
a final disposition, if possible. I trust that, if it
be referred to a selectcommittee,of which he shall
bechairman, he will confer with the Commissioner
of Pensions on the subject, and present us with a
more perfect bill, and one more cautiously guarded
than this is.
Mr. BADGER. Mr, Piesident, I do not see
any necessity, nor, in fact, any propriety, in re-
ferring this bill to any committee. It is before the
Senate. I think we understand the general scope
and purport of the bill, and I believe we are in
favor of it in the form which it has been made to
assume. That being the case, I do not see why
we should not pass it at once. But, sir, it it io
to be referred to any committee, I very respectfully
suggest to my friend, who hist spoke, that he has
not indicated the proper committee. Neither of
those committees which he indicated ou^ht to be
selected for the reference of this bill;but it appro-
priately belongs to the committee, of which, my
friend from Mississippi, [Mr. Ad\ms,] is the
chairman—the Committer on Retrenchment and
Reform, [laughter,] and in behalf of that com-
mittee, if it is to go to any, I put in a claim.
Mr. CASS. I am decidedly in favor of the
principle of the bill, and shall be glad to vote for
it; but I agree with those gentlemen who have
suggested the propriety of a more mature exam-
ination of the subject. We have now hastily
ingrafted on the bill four or five amendments, and
we all know that we cannot understand such
amendments fully unless we examine them in
connection with the other provisions of the bili.
For one, I think it is proper that we should know
the amount of the grant. I believe, therefore,
that we ought to refer it to the Committee or to
the Commissioner of Public Lands, for the pur-
pose of ascertaining' the effect of the measure.
Mr. BKODHEAD. I have had it before the
Commissioner of Public Lands again and again.
Mr. CLAY". I am very indifferent, sir, as to
what committee the bill shall be referred to; but
certainly it is manifest, in my opinion, that the
bill should be referred to some committee. The
Senator from North Carolina says we all know
the purport of the bill. That is very true; but
none of us know the effect of the bill. I have
called -on the author of it, to tell us what will be
its probable effect, and he admits he does not
know, indeed, he seemed to regard that as alto-
gether immaterial. I do not. T think the bill
should be referred. I thought the Committee on
Public Lands was the appropriate one,and I still
think so, more especially as they have already had
it under consideration for three years, if, how-
ever, the chairman of that committee objects to
its further consideration by them, I am willing to
waive that motion and move its reference to any
other committee which he may choose to suggest.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Let it be a select com-
mittee.
Mr. CLAY. I move, then, to refer the bill to
a select committee of five Senators, but I trust 1
shall not be appointed on the committee, as I do
not wish to serve upon it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If this bill is to be referred
at all, it should be to one of the standing commit-
tees. Why raise a select committee on the sub-
ject ? I will say, in reply to the suggestions of the
Senators from Alabama and Iowa,that I, forone,
do not wish to serve on any committee on the
subject, select or standing. This bill has been
thoroughly considered, and we had better not
take this mode of voting against it, because it
comes pretty much to that. I think the bill can
be perfected to-day. There is but one question
of importance remaining open in regard to it. It
is the one alluded to by the Senator from Georgia,
when he was last up, the question of striking out
"minors," and inserting " heirs." I desire to
renew my amendment to that section, when the
bill shall bo reported to the Senate.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I have for-
borne to take any part in this debate; but we have
now arrived at the very pinch of the battle, just
at that point, where an erroneous move on the j >art
of the friends of the hill may probably be fatal to
it. I earnestly hope that the bill will now be
passed, without a reference to either a select or t\
standing committee. Ithas been before Congress,
as has been said by gentlemen, for many years.
We have all had an opportunity of fully consider-
ing it. I do not design, by anything I shall say,
to impede it, and I therefore do not desire to
debate it. I hope we shall have action upon it.
I look upon it as the best homestead hill that has
ever been brought before Congress, and for that
reason I shall vote for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Alabama to
refer the bill to a select committee of five Senators.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I offer the following
amendment, which may come in as an additional
section:
That every Mich non commL-Moned officer,
musician, and private, who may he entitled, under the
provisions of tin* net to receive* rt ccrtificato or vvirrunt for
our hundred nml m\iy ncirs of land, Mtnll be allowed Use
option to receive Mich certificate or wauanf,nr aTroafmry
scrip lor.^t00; and such f=ci>p, whenever u is prcfrri ed, thai!
bu louod by tlx* Secretary ot the Interior, to such person
or peisons as would Uo authorized to icccive Mich critjri
rate-; or wair.uiN for land ; s;nd scrip to hear an iiiIcm'.-( of
h\ per oontmn per annum, pa\ able -.emU'nmK'lly, arid re-
deemable at the pleasure ot the tioveinmont.
Mr. President, 1 copied the provision which I
lvive now offered fiom the act of February II,
1817, granting bounty land to the soldiers of the
Mexican war. My purpose is to make this a grant
for the benefit of the soldiers. I regard the bill,
as it .stands, as simply a proposition to issnte so
much governmental paper in a particular form, to
he traded in by baukem ami brokers in this city
and other cities. The amendment will have the
effect, if adopted, to prevent land warrants from
going down below the price at which I have pro-
posed to allow them to be redeemed. I propose
to give the recipients of the bounty the option of
taking it either in land warrants or treasury scrip,
payable in cash. Now, sir, we all know that as
soon as this bill passes, and a large batch of land
warrants shall be issued under it, the bankers and
brokers will bring them down to a mere nominal
price, until they buy up the whole supply. As
soon as they do that, they will send their agents
off to locate the warrants upon the rich and fertile
lands of the northwest, and they will sell them
at a hish price. They will thus carry on the
process of making money on what is claimed to
be a benefit to the old soldiers. Issue these one
hundred and sixty acre warrants to go into the
market in this manner, and they will decline to
almost nothing. Then the brokers will raise the
price, and thus they will alternate. The warrants
will be used by speculators to buy up rich lands
in the northwest, and in California and Oregon.
This I wish to prevent. • I hope the amendment
will be adopted, because it will have the effect of
keeping up the price of the warrant for the benefit
of the old soldiers.
Mr. BRODHEAD. There is one decisive
objection to the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa. Itis that the amendmentproposes to allow
$100 for each warrant which may be issued under
the provisions of the bill. Some will receive a
warrant for one hundred and twenty acres, and
some for eighty acres, under its provisions, be-
cause under previous laws they received forty
acre warrants, or eighty acre warrants. The object
of the bill is to put them all on the same footing,
and to give them enough to make up one hundred
and sixty acres. This, of itself, is a decisive
objection to the amendment. There are other
reasons which I could give in opposition to it, but
I do not wish to delay the Senate.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. If it will make the
amendment more acceptable to my friend from
Pennsylvania, I will modify it so that the amount
to be paid shall be in proportion to the quantity
of land mentioned in the warrant, whether forty
acres, eighty acres, or one hundied and sixty acres.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on con-
curring in the amendments to the bill which have
been made by the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole. Shall the question be taken on all the
amendments together, or on each separately?
[Separately.] Then the question will be on con-
curring in the first amendment in order, which
is to insert in the first section " sea-fencibles."
The amendment was concurred in.
The second amendment, which was to strike
out horn the provision m relation to seamen the
words, <k except those who have received prize
money," was concurred in.
The third and fourth amendments, which were
to strike out the words limiting the bounty to the
soldiers who served in the wars since 1790, and
the militia who served since 38J2, wete concurred
in.
The PRESIDENT. The fifth amendment,
made as m Committee of the Whole, is to strike
out of the third section the words, " forany service
lews than twenty-eight days, or where the person
shall actually have been engaged in battle, or
taken prisoner by the enemy, and." Will the
Senate concur m this amendment?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I wish, at some suitable
time, to renew the amendment which 1 offered as
a substitute for the second section. As the Senate
have adopted the amendment of the Senator from
South Carolina, it seems to me there is an addi-
tional reason for placing that section in the form
which I proposed. I know that the immediate
question before the Senate is on concurring in the
amendment to the third section, striking out the
twenty-eight day provision, i think that provision
should be allowed to stand, and then the second
section should be modified as I proposed; or per-
haps it would be as well for me to offer my sub-
stitute for the second section, and then let the
question be taken on this amendment.
The PRESIDENT. The better plan would be
to allow the amendments made as in Committee
of the Whole, to be acted on before offering
oth ers.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Very well, sir.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on con-
curring m the amendment to the third section,
which has been stated.
It was concurred in.
The last amendment made, as in Committee of
the Whole, was to add the following additional
section:
Sep. —. And be it further enacted, That no warrant
lspuiid under the provisions of this? act shall be located on
any of the public laud*, except such as shall, at the time,
be subject to sale at the minimum or lower graduated pti'-o.
Mr. DAWSON". I will ask the Senator from
Michigan to explain what he means by "min-
imum or lower graduated price?"
Mr. STUART. I will state to the Senator
from Georgia, that without this provision, these
warrants^might be located on reserved lands; for
instance, alternate sections reserved for lailroad
