1855-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
Again, the objection is founded upon a mistaken j
idea of the principle of the bill. The biil is not j
based upon necessity—it is not to provide tor the j
necessitous at all—it is to give a bounty, an addi- i
tional compensation for services rendered. Where |
the person who rendered those services is gone, i
the biil selects as the recipient of that merited tes- !
timonial, those who represent him in blood, as i
well as the widow whom he has left behind him,
the nearest objects of his affection; and surely
they are as near, whether they have passed or
have not yet attained theage of twenty-one years.
There is, however, one idea of my friend from
Michigan to which I'wish to call the attention of
my friend from Georgia. The Senator from
Michigan objects to the bill because it will not
people the western lands; because it will notattraet
settlers there; because, as he says, not one out of
a thousand of the recipients of this bounty wiil
go there to live on the iar-ds granted by this bill;'
because the title to ihe lands will be sold, and the
money obtained by ihose who are to reccive the
bounty. In other words, he objects to this bill,
not merely because it gives lands to those who
may be of full age, not because he is unwilling
that those who represent deceased soldiers should
receive the bounty which would otherwise be
given to those soldiers, but because his object, as
coming from a land State, is so tn dispose of the
public lands that those who take them shall go
and settle upon those lands in the new States
where they are. Now, that is the very policy
which I toid my honorable friend from Georgia
this morning was one of the alternatives between
which we had to choose as to the disposition of
the publ'c lands.
Sir, I am for encumbering the bill with no such
provision. I am for the bill as it is. If anybody
who is entitled to lands under this bill, supposing
it to bs passed, chooses to go and settle in Michi-
gan, or any other land Slate, I shall feel no dis-
satisfaction; I shall wish him success wherever he
goes; but I want to leave him at liberty to use this
bounty of his country m such manner as he shall
think proper, and not compel him to move from
the valley or the mountain in which he passed his
early years, and in which the bones of hi* ances-
tors now he, and around which his affections
cling, for the purpose, by an unnatural process of
temptation, of calling him from that home of his
forefathers and of his infancy, to another and dis-
tant part of the country. The bill, I think, sir,is
right as it is. If we mean to give the bounty, let
us give it liberally. Do not let us trouble our-
selves in considering whether those who represent
the old soldiers of our wais are twenty or foity
years old. The merit of their ancestors was the
same in each case; the nearness of their connection
to those ancestors was the same m each case, and
there ought to be no distinction made between
them. . , 1
Mr, STUART. Mr. President, ingeniously
as the Senator from North Carolina has argued
to show what the principle of this bill is, 1 sub-
mit again to htm and to the Senate, that it is
nothing more nor less than giving away a portion
of the public lands without any consideration
whatever. Whenever a proposition is made,
before service is rendered, to give lands as a
reward for certain service, the service becomes a
part of the consideration; but con any man tell
me what consideration there is, when, after
having made a contract for service, and the service
has been performed, and the contract price pftid
for it, the man for whom the service was per-
formed, comes forward, and says, 44 1 will £ive
you a thousand dollars besides?" If that be not
an outright donation, I should hke to have the
dictionaries consulted to sec what would consti-
tute one. The Senator from Noith Carolina
says he is unable to ascertain the foundation ot
mv objection.
Mr. BVDGER. I said i did not see the force
of it i understood its foundation.
Mr STCJART. Well, sir, if the Senator will
look for one moment, and see how many acres of
land wiii be given by the provision on which I
was commenting I think he will see some force
in it. As the bill now stands, it proposes to give
one hundred and sixty acres of land to any man
who ever served the country from the Revolution
down to to-day; and if he is dead, it goes to his
widow or child. That is the provision, hvery
man, therefore, who Served the country, is to have
one hundred and sixty acres of land, either in his
own person, or m the person of his widow or his
child. Can no man see the difference in number
between those who have children, and those who
havi them under twenty-one years of age? When
you take away that restriction as to age, will it
not increase this donation more than a million
fold? There is no doubt about it. Whether you
say "minor children," or simply "children,"
makes that difference numerically. 1 repeat, that
every man who has evtr been m the service of the
country, is to get one hundred and sixty acres of
land through himself, his widow, or his child; for
i take it, the number will be very small indeed
who are not represented either by a widow or
child. Now, it comes home to its effect upon my
State; and 1 call  pon gentlemen who represent
the land States here, to look at its effect.
As 1 said bt-fore, the worst condition of things
is for the Government to hold the land by way of
prcv.nting settlement, and I do not hesitate tosay
that it is the worst condition, both for th- General
Government and for the States. I have ever held,
and I hold to-day, that the Government of the
United States is as much benefited by the settle-
ment of the public domain by actual cultivators
of the soil, as are the Stales in which that soil lies.
Their interests are identical. It is manifestly
against the interests of the State, and of the
United States, too, that large portions of the pub- :
lie domain shall pass into the hands of speculators !
at nominal prices. Now, let a large amount of
«crip be issued, as will be done und^r this bill,
giving a land warrant to every man who has ever
been in the service, and what will it be worth in
the markit? What sort of a donation are you
making to the survivors of those who have fought
the battles of your country ? Let me bring this
point to theatt- iition of the gentleman who has in-
troduced this bill from the most worthy motives.
Say, if you please, that there are ten thousand
living men who have served their country, lie
proposes now, by issuing scrip which shall bring
in a million of grown men representing those who
are dead, so to affect the value of the scrip that it
will not bring twenty-five cents an acre—nay, not
even a shilling an acre. L.et this bill pass, and
you cannot sell a certificate for one hundred and
sixty acres of land for one hundred and sixty
shillings, for the very plainest reason in the world,
that it will not be uoith it. You will haveflooded
the market; you will have issued, by virtue of
this bill, if it shall become a law, st rip enough to
enter all the land that will be entered within the
next five or ten years; in view of such circum-
stances, what will the scrip be worth ?
You say you are going to benefit the surviving
Boldieis of the war of 1812. That is the business
you are engaged in. It is your primary object.
Meetings have been held all over the United States,
and the best feelings in the human bosom have
been appealed to, m order to benefit these men.
Deputations have been sent here to induce us to
look at the matter. There is about to be a con-
vocation of these men themselves, on the 8..h of
January, the anniversary of the battle of New
Orleans, to do what? Why, to ask you to give
them one hundred and sixty acres of land. Does
anybody suppose they are going on the land, to
live upon it? There is not one in forty of them,
probably not one in a hundred of them, who is m
a condition to go into the wilderness and clear up
. lusfaim. What does he rely on? The market
j' value of the land warrant, after he shall have ob-
. tamed it. Now, in giving it to him by this bill, I
j i Say you issue such an immense amount of similar
i; land warrants, that bis land warrant is scarcely
(i worth the taking. A shilling an acre will be the
|! utmost that he can get for it in the market. Yet,
! with this sort of legislation, you visit npon my
' State, and upon all the land States in this Union,
! the greatest calamity that can befall them, next to
i your refusing to sell the land at ail. You spread
over those States a blanket of land warrants, in
' the hands of speculators, to be held there until
i those who now'live m the State have so raised the
i1 value of wild land by their industry, that these
|i speculators can sell their land for from five to ten
dollars an acre. That is the effect of this bill.
'! Gentlemen may now see the enormous conse-
ijquences resulting from the change of a single
il word in the bill. By it you destroy the interests
|| of the land States. In the same proportion you
!| injure tfet interests of the United States. 'You
defeat the primary object of the bill, to wit, to
benefit the surviving soldiers who have fought the
battles of your country. If this be not entirely
overthrowing the laudable object which the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania has had in view, and haa
been pursuing for years, then 1 confess that figures
are false, that arithmetic is good for nothing, that
the experience of the commercial community is
good for nothing. In view of all this, can I con-
j-ent to do such rank injustice to the State which
I in part represent here, while I do nothing in
the way of justice to the surviving soldiers of our
country ? Sir, so well satisfied am I of this, that
I intend to take the sense of the Senate by moving
to reconsider the vote on striking out the word
" minor1' in the second section. 1 make that
motion.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, my friend
from Michigan is ceitainly a very ingenious legis-
lator. He understands v-ry well legislative tac-
tics. He gets us into a dilemma, and then he
complains of it. He procures an amendment of
the bill in such a manner as to enlarge its provis-
ions, and then he complains that the provisions
are enlaiged, and he tells us of the ill effect of
extending it so far. When I first introduced the
bill, i confined its operation to those who had
served twenty-eight days and more; but the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan moved to strike out
that restriction, and the Senate agreed to it, thus
giving the bounty to those who one day were
mustered into the service, and the next day were
mustered out; so that it was on his motion that
the operations of the bill were greatly enlarged.
I think, then, that he should not complain that it
has been too much extended.
Sir, I expected a good deal of opposition from
the Senators representing the new States. I
expected to hear of speculators in land warrants.
We have heard of them, as if there were no spec-
ulators in land in the new States. I think there is
no occasion for any allusion to speculators either
in land or in land warrants. The value of land
warrants is well known and ea.-ily understood.
They always bring their full value, or nearly so,
though it is true ihere are some cases in which
theydo not. I will not detain the Senate. 1 hope
the bill will now be put upon its passage. I think
it would bewell to restore the limitation as totime,
but the sense of the Senate is otherwise. I hope,
therefore, that notwithstanding the objections of
the honorable Senator from Michigan, the bill
will now be permitted to pass.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Mr. Presi-
dent, I did not design to say a word on this bill,
nor do 1 desire now to enter into any discussion of
it; but after the remarks which have been made
by the Senator from Michigan, I do not know
that 1 could remain silent, in justice to myself, and
in due regard to the State wliich I have the honor
to represent in part on this floor.
The Senator from Michigan says that this dona-
tion ought to be limited to minor children, ft
seems to me that, if the donation which we are
making is a meritorious one, it can make no dif-
ference whether the children be minors or adults,
males or females. If we are to give this bounty,
let us give it to the descendants of the old soldiers;
let us carry it down to every degree in which it
can be inherited. For myself, I should prefer the
use of the word "heir," as the most extensive
one which could be employed; but still, I am sat-
isfied to take the bill as it stands.
The Senator alluded to tins effect of this meas-
ure upon his State. I trust, then, that I may be
allowed, with proper modesty, to allude to the
effect of it a.4 far as the State of Kentucky is con-
I cerned. Though I am delegated as a representa-
tive from that State, 1 trust that, in my notions of
policy, I am broad enough to be, in the language of
the Constitution. " aSenatoroftheUmted States."
But, sir, let me look at the effect of this bill so
far as regards Kentucky. In the war of 1812 the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois were then, to
! agreat extent, unsettled. The Administration was
1 not over heartily sustained in the war against Great
Britain. The men who were in that war, and who
ought to be the meritorious recipients of this favor,
are the men who began at Tippecanoe, before the
declaration of war, under Allen and Davies, the
men who, at the Thames, and at the river Raisin,
under Shelby, Adair, and Johnson, rendered
such gallant services. These are the men who, in
the hour of trouble and trial, were ready to re-
