4«6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 2,
spond to their country's call. I do not wish
to draw invidious distinctions, but i will say,
that Kentucky, in proportion to her numbers,
furnish^ as many soldiers as any other State
for the disastrous battles of the northwest, and
the blood of her sons flowed more profusely, I
believe, than thai of the citizens of any other
State in the Union. These men now ask, when
age, and accident, and infirmity have disabled
thei-n from obtaining a^competency—they ask it as
a testimony of gratitude and grateful recollection
from their country—that they shall receive a small
land warrant, that they may go out find locate it
in Michigan, or those other far off regions, which
were secured to the country by their arms, and
from which the savages were expelled by their
prowess; they ask it for themselves, and for the
descendants of their gallant comrades who have
since sunk into the grave.
Recollect, Mr.' President, that it comes very
hard to an old State, especially such a State as 1
represent, to think now that her citizens are to be
deprived of all participation in the country which,
at the time of the last war, was possessed by
Tecumseh and the British allies, and from which
they were expelled by our arms. You have given
to the States formed out of that territory large
donations of land for school purposes. They
have had large appropriations of books for
libraries, and money for public edifices. Many
of them have received millions upon millions of
acres of land, m alternate sections, for railroad
purposes. Others have received vast quantities
of swamp lands. All those grants,have been con-
fined to the States in which the lands lie. Now,
when the very men who drove off the savage foe
from that territory, and who made it belong to
the Union, if I may use that expression, come
here and ask for a portion of it, they are told
*' you cannot have it, because you are so old that
you cannot settle on it." If I mistake not, the
Senator from Michigan voted for and advocated
the homestead bill at the last session. Then let
me ask him whether the descendant of one of the
heroes who fought in the bloody fields of the last
war, from Tippecanoe to New Orleans, is not as
much entitled to a donation of land as any vaga-
bond who may be thrown upon our shores from
Europe as a pauper or felon ?
Sir, the men who are to be benefited by this
bill,rendered meritorious services to the country,
and they ought to be rewarded for them. If those
who rendered the services are not themselves
living, the benefit, should inure to their children.
That is fair, and just, and right. There are now,
on th.is floor, from the old States, half a dozen
Senators who arc relations and kinspeople to those
who suffered in that war. I ask you, sir, whether
it is not fair, and just, and proper, that this claim
should be preferred by the old soldiers, especially
those in Kentucky and Tennessee, and other
States which have received nothing from the Fed-
eral Government in the shape of donations of public
lands, simply because those [andsdid not lie within
their borders? Although ICentucky is said to be
the first born, and the eldest child of the Union,
you have reversed all the notions of the law of
primogeniture so as to deprive her of all benefit
from the public lands. She has been disinherited.
She has been treated by the Federal Government
as a step-mother treats a child of her husband by
a former marriage. That is the way in which she
and the other States which do not contain public
lands have suffered. Why refuse to their citizens
who served in the last war, who fought the sav-
ages who occupied the territory on which these
new States now flourish, this small donation ?
The Senator from Michigan talks about the
damage to result to his State from speculators
getting hold of the land. I think he misconceives
the effect of the bill. If you grant to one of these
old heroes a land warrant, he will give it to his
son or his grandson, who will go and settle on the
land. The new States should he glad to have
such settlers. They should know from the char-
acter of the ancestors of such a man that he is one
who will stand up for what is right, and just, and
patriotic. These are the men to whom I would
give such donations, f shall vote for the bill as it
stands. I shall vote for it in any shape, because
I prefer it to profligate appropriations of the
public lard for railroad purposes. This, as a
matter of individual responsibility, is the bestpos- I
Bible scheme you can get. I
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I have been
very much disposed to go for this bill, because it
is a very ungracious task to oppose any measure
which proposes to make compensation for mil-
itary services which have been rendered to the
country; but, as one of the Senators on this floor,
representing a new State, in which there is now a
vast quantity of public lands which are directly to
be affected by the operations of this bill, I have
been constrained to hesitate, and 1 shall have to
reflect still more upon it before I can- bring my
mind to vote for the bill. Whatever my personal
feelings may be,'I must, as one of the Senators of
a new State, look to the probable effect it may
have upon its future welfare.
Sir, I agree in much that has been said by the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] as to the
practical operation of this bill. No one can doubt
that these certificates will be bought up by specu-
lators in the cities, and that the inevitable effect
will be, that in all these States in which there is a
large amount of public land, there will be exten-
sive non-resident land proprietors. I agree, too,
with the Senator from Michigan, that the true
policy of this Government is to hold its lands ex-
clusively for the use of settlers. I agree with that
Senator, that such a course not only strengthens
the power of this Government, by linking every
man directly interested in it, by being the owner
of the soil, but, for the future permanency of our
institutions, it lays the foundation broad and deep
in the hearts of our people. If 1 believed that
these soldiers, or their immediate descendants,
would themselves emigrate to the far and distant
West, settle down upon its rich and productive
valleys, and cultivate the soil, I sho-uld not hesi-
tate about giving them even a section of land, if
necessary. But, sir, I cannot shut my eyes to the
fact, that the Senator from Pennsylvania, as one
of the representatives of an old State, has already
notified the Senate that this is the only way in
which the older States of the Union can get their
share of the public lands.
That Senator says there are ten thousand men
within his own State who are directly interested
in the passage of the bill. How many of them
would themselves emigrate to the West, and avail
themselves of the bounty proffered to them ? How
many of those brave and gallant soldiers, who
were the recipients of your bounty because of
their engagement in the Mexican war, have them-
selves settled down and are now in the possession
of their quarter section of land? Is there any
Senator on this floor who believes that one out of
one hundred of those who are to be the recip-
ients of this bill, will ever themselves possess the
land ? Will these men, who periled their lives in
the second war of independence, or their descend-
ants, seek, under the provisions of this bill, a
home upon the now unsettled public lands? Do
you desire to administer to their wants, and
smooth their passage through the remainder of
life? No, sir; no. This is a bill not for the gal-
lant and intrepid soldier, but for the greedy specu-
lator.
What, then, do you propose? You propose to
issue a vast number of certificates, which are to be
bought up by eastern speculators, to be located
upon the rich and productive prairies of the West,
and there to be held for their own benefit, and not
for the benefit of the poor soldiers. If by thrust-
ing my hand into the public Treasury, or into my
own pocket, I could carry joy and gladness to the
hearts of any of those brave and galknt men who
were so eloquently alluded to by my friend from
Kentucky, 1 should not hesitate to do it. I could
not find it in my heart to refuse. But, sir, you
propose liere to make the eastern speculators the
owners of your western lands, under the pretext
of rewarding soldiers for past services ! You wait
until nearly the last of those soldiers has sunk
into his grave, and now you propose to hunt up
some remote descendant, and make him the recip-
ient. of a certificate which hecan tradeoff to-some
bank or broker in the eastern States, for,perhaps,
sixty or seventy dollars! And this, you call
justice to the old soldier!
In 1837, those of us who then lived in the West,
know that, under the operation of the banking sys-
tem, with an inflated paper currency, there were
speculators who were buying up whole townships
of the public domain. They would neither sell
at a fair price, nor cultivate, but they relied upon
the honest labor of the hardy and enterprising
immigrants who settled around their lands, to
enhance the value of their speculations. This bill
will bring about the same state of things again;
for it will authorize the speculators to go and
locate the public lands with the scrip which will
be issued.
Sir, the Senator from Delaware says he goes
for this bill, because it is the best homestead bill
he ever saw. This a homestead bill! Sir, I
thought the very principle on which your home-
stead bill was based, was that it was good policy
in this Government to have its lands cultivated;
and by way of inducing your population to leave
the large and overgrown cities, and migrate to the
West, you said that you would give them a
quarter section of public land, if they would settle
upon and cultivate it for a period of five years.
That was the homestead principle—cultivation, in
order to open up the resources of the country—in
order to enhance the value of the property upon
which your taxation principle could then be ap-
plied. Here, however, is simply a proposition to
issue a certain amount of certificates, to be traded
and gambled for by the banking and broking in-
stitutions of the country. A bill to foster and
encourage speculation in the public lands. Not a
bill to provide a home for the poor, the destitute,
the houseless soldier—but a bill to throw the pub-
lic lands into the hands of rich capitalists.
Well, sir, how many men will be the recipients
of this bounty? How many men were called out
into the military service of this country in the war
of 1812? Can any Senator here answer that ques-
tion? Is there any man here who is prepared to
say what multitudes will come under the provis-
ions of this bill, upon the pretext of being the
descendants of some man who fought for his
country atsome time or othei ? Itis not necessary
that he should have fought hard, or thatheshould „
have served long; because, under the liberal pro-
visions of the bill, if he served but for a day,or if
he only served a quarter of a day, and was engaged
in a battle, he is to be entitled to one hundred and
sixty acres of land. Then, what is a battle? I
ask the Senator from Pennsylvania to tell me how
many men must be engaged m a fight before it can
be considered a " battle," according to the pro-
visions of this bill ? Where does he draw the line
of distinction between a skirmish and a battle?
Why, I apprehend it is as difficult as it is to draw
the line of distinction between a creek and a river.
How many persons must be engaged in a fight
before, under the provisions of the bill, the Com-
missioner of Pensions can solemnly decide that
it w&s a battle ?
I think, Mr. President, it would have been well
for us if we had reflected, before starting in this
scheme, how much land will be diverted from the
public domain by the adoption of this measure.
We ought to know how much of that immense
territory which the United States now hold, is
to be thrown into market under the operation of
this bill. No man can tell how much. The dis-
tinguished Senator from Pennsylvania has labored
assiduously for three long years to carry this
measure through; in his own language he has been
laboring for it "in season and out of season, "and
in my judgment, he strictly told the truth, for I
have oftentimes seen him laboring for the bill out
of season. [Laughter.] But, with all the labor
whicn he has given to the subject—and he has made
it the study of three years—can he now tell me
how much land will be necessary to carry out the
requirements of the bill.
Mr. BRODHE&D. I do not care.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania says he does not care. I do. I am anxious
to find out whether we have land enough to meet
the requirements of the bill. It certainly will
require more than one hundred million of acres !
The State which I represent, with her accustomed
modesty, may ask for some small appropriation
of lands for railroads. I can count, with great
confidence, upon the support of the present incum-
bent of the chair, [Mr. Badger,] as he has always
stood by me on such questions, and has never
been deterred by the seeming extravagance of an
appropriation. [Laughter.] But, sir, i ftar that,
it tnis bill be passed, the surface of those States in
which such land grants may hereafter be needed,
will be shingled over by land certificates in the
hands of eastern speculators. Do you propose to
locate the old soldier upon one hundred arid sixty
acres of mineral land ? I do not know that any
