1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
exception of mineral lands is made by the bill. I
need not say that the Federal Government has
very valuable mineral lands in the State from
which ! come. 1 f you propose to give the soldier
one hundred and sixty acres of mineral land in
California, I can comprehend it; but if you intend
to prohibit him from going there, why not say so
by the provisions of the bill ?
I did not intend, Mr. President, to say a single
word on this question, and I should not have done
so but for the fact that the bill has been put in such
a sha^e as will utterly prevent me from votingTor
it. If it were confined to the soldier himself, or to
his widow, or minor children, I should probably
have given my support to the bill, notwithstand-
ing it might operate injuriously on the State from
which I came. Actuated by the higher motive
alluded to by the Senator from Kentucky, the
fact that I am a Senator of the United States, and
not merely the representative of a particular State,
I might have voted for the bill; but it has now
been placed in such a shape that I cannot support
it. It is an ungracious task, 1 grant, to oppose it.
It is an unpopular position, I know, for any Sen-
ator to assume; but I am not in the habit of con-
sulting public opinion, in order to determine the
manner in which I shall discharge my duty. I
will do what I think is right, regardless of conse-
quences. Sir, 1 trust I am above being moved by
that thing called popular clamor, which has been
manufactured for the occasion. That there has
been some clamor on this subject is undoubtedly
true, it has been gotten up, in the main, by those
who have, perhaps, as much ot this world's goods
as I have—probably more. 1 will not detain the
Senate further. 1 merely announce rny determin-
ation to vote against the bill in the shape m which
it is now presented. Whilst I am always willing
to extend the utmost liberality to (lie soldier-who
has faithfully served his country, lam not willing
to open a wide door to the land speculator.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. BAnoF.ii
in the chair.) The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Michigan to reconsider the vote
of the Senate by which the^word " minor" was
Stricken out of the second section of the bill.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, the bill is in such
a form that 1 do not understand its details. There
was an example at the last pension which ought
to warn us against hasty legislation. According
to the manner in which a clause in the naval ap-
propriation bill was worded, the surrender of tic
navy-yard at Memphis to the corporate authori-
ties of that city depended on the payment of a
claim of the navy agent for percentage on cer-
tain disbursements. The two provuions were
hastily put together as an amendment, and that
was the result. It should forever be a wermn^ to
us against hasty and inconsiderate legislation.
Amendments are put into important bills, and
nobody knows their bearing. This bill ou^ht 1o
be printed, as it has been amended, before we
finally act upon it.
Mr. WELLER. Will my friend allow me to
cite another case in point?
Mr. CASS. With pleasure.
Mr. WELLER. 1 voted the other day for an
amendment proposed by.the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Fes^kstdrn'] to the invalid pension appro-
priation bill. I supposed, at the time, that it
involved an apnmpriafion "of not more than
0400,000 or £500,001"), at the most, but I ascer-
tain that, by the construction placed on that
amendment at the Pension OilW, it will requirean
expenditure this year of $1,200,000. Of course,
I never intended to vote ior such an extravagant
provision as that.
Mr. CASS. All these things should be warn-
ings to us agUinst hasty legislation. Jn such im-
portant provisions we ought to have the bill and
amendment-i before us printed, and not trust to a
casual reading. I was, however, about to inquire
whether this bill, in its present shape, takes in
every person who served in the Revolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill, as
it stands, is without limitation of lime.
Mr. CASS. Then it includes every male over
the a^e of sixteen or seventeen years who was
then m the country. None of them got one hun-
dred and sixty acres, except the officers of the
revolutionary army. A hundred acres was the
most that any of them got. The adoption of the
bill in that form will require all the revolutionary
claims from the commencement of the Govern-
ment down, to be looked into; and, as the honor-
able Senator from California has suggested, no
man can tell the amount of land which will be
required. No one can say whether we have
enough lands to satisfy all the demands which
will be made under such an extensive provision.
Why, sir, I have just been toid by a member
of the House of Representatives, who understands
the subject very well, that, by some calculations
which were made at the last session, it was esti-
mated that the bill, as originally presented, without
the additions which have been made to-day, would
take more than a hundred millions of acres of the
public lands. I am as liberal us any man can be
on this subject; but, before I give such a vote as
that I should like to know exactly what { am
voting for. The honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania says he does not care about the amount.
I do, and for this reason: the question before us
now is not one of justice. By that I mean that
this bill is not m compliance with any promise
actually made. When you called men into your
service, you held out inducements to them, and
said that, if they volunteered or enlisted, they
should be entitled to 30 much land. That way a
legal promise, and it has been fulfilled by the
Government. After the service has been rendered,
and it is proposed to confer additional bounty
lands, you should take into consideration the
various circumstances connected with the case.
I have no doubt of the constitutionality of
making grants of land for military services. That
has been done from the foundation of the Govern-
ment. We grant pensions under the same power.
We grant bounty lands, if we consider that the
services have been such as to warrant additional
compensation. As the honorable Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Touchy] has said, it works in
two ways: It gives them that compensation to
which they are entitled, and serves as an encour-
agement to men hereafter to enter the service of
the country.
Hut 1 repeat, Mr. President, that, in one aspect,
this m a gratuity; that is to say, you are not bound
to grant it; and 1, for one, am determined to look
into the circumstances, and to see how far the
provisions of the bill really go. The man who dies
in your service, and leaves a widow and minor
children, leaves persons who are pecuniarily inter-
ested in his fate, and his loss is a pecuniary injury
to them; but those of his children whom the law
has taken from him, those who are beyond the
age of minors, and are working for themselves,
are not interested in this pecuniary loss, and 1
would not extend the gratuity to them. 1 would
stop where every law which you have heretofore
passed on this subject has stopped.
I think we should not go beyond the minor
children and wife, who suffir from the death of
the father and husband, i think we should not
extend the bounty to those who do not suffer by
the death. We may fairly stop at this point,
considering the nature of the proposed grant,
whi< h is nota legal one, butone wholly voluntary
uii our part.
i repent, Mr. President, that I am among those
who wj h to know the extent of the proposed
^rant, and whether we have actually land enough
bflon.^in^ to the United States to meet the claims
which will be presentrd under this bill, if it shall
become a law. 1 am for postponing the subject,
to give lime for consideration. I tun for referring
it to the proper Department, in order to get full
information on the r.ubject, as I -wish to under-
stand it fully and fjuly. I think we ought to
understand exactly what Hy provisions are, as I
believe there in no gentleman on the floor now,
who knows specifically what it does piovule for,
and how far U extends.
Mr. DROUilKAO. Mr. President,! hardly-
expected the support of gentlemen from the land
States for this bill. When my friend, the junior
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] became
very kind to the bill, f was afraid that he would
damage it. The first proposition to enlasge its
provisions, to strike out the limitation of twenty-
eight days' service, raid give the land to every
man who was for a day or even for an hour in the
public service, came from him. 1 was afraid then
that he would kill it with kindness. Now, at the
close of the debate, we find him coming forward
and saying that the whole country is to be shingled
over with land warrants, and that there are to be
so many of them issued that they will be of no
value to the soldiers, and will be injurious to the
land States.
Now, sir, I do not think that we should take-
counsel any more from the natural opponents of
the bill. 1 mean those from the new States who
have heretofore always opposed its provisions. If
we are going to review the,amendments, I hope
that we shall strike them all out, and retain the
limitation of twenty-eight days, and thus prevent
the issue of thousands on thousands of land war-
rants, and thereby comply, with, and carry out,
the views of the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Cass.] I know that the proposition to
give extra pay to the soldiers of the Mexican war
came from the western States. Such, at any rate,
is my recollection. The western States sent many
soldiers to the Mexican war. The gentlemen rep-
resenting these States then were eloquent in behalf
of the proposition to give three months extra pay
to those soldiers.
Mr. President, if Senators will take the trouble
to examine the provisions of this bill, it will not
take them long to comprehend them. I think we
can as well perfect it here as a committee can.
This is the proper time and place to do it. Let
us agree to the pending motion to reconsider, if it
is desired, and then I hope the Senator from Mich-
igan |Mr. Stuart J will move to reconsider his
amendment striking out the limitation of twenty-
eight days. When we have done that, we shall
have restored the bill to something like what it
was when we started.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia, a short time since, alluded to a provision
which was added, as an amendment, to the invalid
pension appropriation bill. I have just been told,
by a member of the House of Representatives,
who had a conversation with the head of the
Department on the subject, that he estimates the
expenditure under it at $0,000,000.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, I do not wish
to enter into the debate, at this time; but I think
my honorable friend from Pennsylvania does
injustice to the representatives of the western
States. As one of those representatives, I must
my that I have taken great interest in this sub-
ject. lie must recollect that a few sessions ago I
took great interest in a bill granting bounty lands,
not only to the officers and soldiers of the Mexican
war, but to the officers and soldiers of the war of
1^12, and all the Indian wars of the country. The
honorable Senator does us injustice when he thinks
we are opposed to this bill now. 1 am in favor of
it; and if it be pressed to a vote, I shall go for it,
even in its present shape; and, in fact, in almost
any shape in which it may be put.
It seems to me, however, that when the honor-
able Senator urges this bill with so much zeal, he
ought to be able to show us the probable quantity
of land which revolutionary soldiers and their
descendants will receive under its provisions. He
should also ue prepared to show us what quantity
will be likely to inure to the benefit of the soldiers
of the war of 1812, and their representatives; and
what amount will be required to satisfy the boun-
ties to be given for services in our other wars. This
is a subject of calculation; and I confess that we
cannot arrive at it with perfect exactness, but we
can come pretty near to if, near enough for all
practical purposes. I think we ought to have that
information before us for our guidance. When I
urged the former bounty land bill through this
body, every Senator who was then here, will
remember that I importuned, and even annoyed,
the Senate to pass the bill for the benefit of the
soldiers of the war of 1812, and the soldiers of our
other wars. 1 found then, that nearly four hun-
dred thousand would receive donations under that
bill, according to its provisions; yet it v/as much
more hunted t nan this. How far this bill may go,
I cannot tell.
No Senator here is more anxious than I am to
do juntiie to these gallent men. f am willing to
do them more than justice; I wish to treat them
with liberality. I think we cannot confer a higher
bounty for future courage and future bravery than,
will be afforded by rewarding those who have
fought well and behaved gallantly in past wars.
1 do not believe that we sh?ll ever have another
war, or another opportunity of rewarding them.
My opinion is, and I hope this opinion will be
verified in the future, that we shall never have
occasion to fight great battles again.
Mr. CASS. On our own soil, I hope,-never.
