1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
remove the difficulty, of which the Commissioner
of Publio Lands speaks in his report, as growing
out of the confused language of the second section
of the act of 1854. It is exceedingly difficult and
intricate to explain its features in connection with
the several preemption laws which have been
passed already. My amendment covers two
grounds. In the third section of the law of 1854,
the language is " Any person applying to enter
lands," which leaves it open for any person to
enter lands, whether hebe foreigner, native-born,
black, white, or red. If this amendment be
adop'ed, it will make the act confoim to the act of
1841, by which it is provided that the right of
entry shall be confined to the head of a family, a
widow, a single man, over the age of twenty-one
years, who is a citizen of the United States, and
to one who has filed his declaration of intention to
become a citizen of the United States, as required
by the naturalization laws.
Under this bill of 1854, any^mon, without even
declaring his intention to become a citizen of the
United States, may purchase and enter the public
lands. This may be applied to the lands of the
lower part of the State of Alabama, which pro-
duce tne most valuable timber for the use of our
Navy, of any State m the Union. By reference
to a statement of the collector of customs at the
port of Mobile, you will perceive that a consider-
able trade has been carried on with for-ign coun-
tries in this line. The pines of that region are
tall and clear, and the yellow pine is peculiarly
adapted for naval purposes.
The trade in that article has been increasing for
a number of years past. As will appear from the
statement of the collector m the year 1844, the
amount of $91,088 worth of timber for naval nur-
f oses was cleared at the custom-house at Mobile,
n 3845, $20,100 worth; m 1846, $49,385; in 1847,
$73,278 worth; and in 1848, $198,7U9 worth, and
a great deal of this timber has been taken from the
public lands.
Sir, thf-re is no reason why those who have
never declared their intention of becoming citizens
of the United States, should be put upon an equal
footing with naturalized citizens, or with those
who have declared th-ir intention of becoming
citizens. I do not wish to make any discrimina-
tion against any on- who desires to settle the
public lands, and I cannot discriminate in favor of
those who have no intention of becoming ctti/.-nH.
Under the- act of 1854, agents might be sent here
from France and Spam, to tut the timber from
our public lands, without tvrr having declared their
intention to bccome citizens, and aft'r po< It-ting
the profits th y rec-ive from the name, retire with
the same to their homes m for-ign countries.
Th* object of the bill was to tncourage the
settlement of our public lands, and to se!l the same
to actual settl-rs. Again, this bill does not confine
the benefits of its provis ons to the head of a
family, or to any psrson of a certain age. I have
be-n informed by ih- Commission* r of the O neial
LandOffi.ce, that,insom- instances,whol families,
parents and each of the < luldr. n, have com" for-
ward atth- Rame time, and claimed to mak  < nfriea
of the public landc, and that, m such cases, the
Commissioner had to rly entirely upon con-
struction in order to ^xelud" tium. Now, I do
not wish that he should r ly upon construction
alone, but that the a< t may b<- made to ton'orm to
the act of 1841, and that no person, -xcept such
as are m ntioned in thgt act, shall be - untied,
under this graduation bill, to ^nter the public lands.
Mr COBB. It seems to m« that the tendency
of the gentl man's amendment will be to get us
somewhat at sea upon this subj-ct, and that we
shall have another (l Know-Nothing }> discussion
in this Hall, if w bring up the question of the
right of foreign-born citiz ns und- r this bill. My
amendmnt does not propose to do any such
thing. The proposition which comes from the
committee, simply provides for the machinery by
which the original law may be executed.
My colleague [Mr. Dowdell] desires very
much to carry into effect his proposition. But I
suggest to him, why bring up the question here,
in connection with this bill, and thereby give rise
to an interminable debate upon a proposition
which simply provides the machinery by which
the original law can be executed; to afford facili-
ties, even to the gentleman's own constituents, to
make their affidavits, and enter lands, two or
three hundred milts away from the land office,
rather than compel them to go there in person,
and to expend twice as much money as-the land
might be worth when entered. This bid proposes
to permit him to file his affidavit, &c., under
rules and regulations to be proscribed by the De-
partment, and to enter the land without appearing
personally at the land office. The gentleman's
constituents will thus be able to send to the land j
office their applications. But if the gentleman
brings up a discussion here upon a subject upon
which the House is so sensitive, is it not probable
that this whole measure will fail, and his'constit-
uents be left to pack of? one or two hundred miles
for the purpose of entering land at twelve-and-a-
half cents an acre, and when they get to the land
office, to find two or three thousand applicants
before them, whose movements and entries they
must await, at a great expense of time and
money?
1 therefore admonish the gentleman to bring up
his question at another time, and not jeopard this
bill, and the interest of his constituents. 1 do
not intend to controvert the principles of the gen-
tleman's amendments, but I doubt the propriety
of printing and urging them now. I see plainly
that if such action be insisted upon, we shall not
get to a vote upon th.s bill this session.
Mr. DOW DELL. Under the act of 1854, any
man who holds t*n thousand aens of land, can
purchase three hundred and twenty more, but
under the act of 1841 he is confined to three hun-
dred and twenty acres. Theob.ecto/ my amend-
ment is to benefit the preemptor, whose interests
this bill does not well guard, because by it privi-
leges are extended to outsiders and others, which*
are not granted to bona fide prefemptors of land.
Mr COBB. Th-re I take issue directly with my
colleague. I say the preemptor here has the benefit
of b 'ing upon the land. It is so declared by the
Department, as th" gentleman will see by looking
at the instructions which 1 hold m my hand, and
a copy of which is sent to every land office in
the United States.
I will say, further, that it was my intention not
to confine the sale of the public lands to men
who had no lands, but that men who had farms
might locate adjoining public lands at the grad-
uated priccs, and the restriction to three hun-
dred and twenty acrts of land is still adhered to.
The man who hasafaim may t^till locate three
hundred and twenty acres more, for the purpose
of limb- r, &c. The Governmenigets the mon-y.
Mr. DoWDELL. The gentleman has stated
all that 1 desire—that, under the provisions of this
act, not more than three hundred and twenty acres
shall b- ent-red, otherwise a man might purchase
as much land as he might choose. My colleague
has asserted that he so intended to make it.
1 will merely read the provisions of the act of
1841, to which I wish this act to conform. It is
this:
tl No pf-r-on who is a proprietor of thrco hundred and
twenty aires of land, in any sUatw or Territory of \h«
tinned States*, and no person who shall quit «>r abandon
ln> residence onlus own land, u> reside on the public lands
ol tin1 same State or Territory, shall acquire any right of
| preemption under tlih act."
if the act of 1854 is not made conformable to
! the act of 18-11, great injustice, m my opinion,
| will be done the precmptors under theactof 3^41,
; and 1 hop', theiefore, that there may be uniformity
! m our legislation m regaid to the public lands.
| Mr. COBB. Th - gentleman would be satisfied
' if he k  w the principles by which the Committee
I on Public Lands was governed.
' The amendment to the amendment was read by
' the Clerk, and then the bill, as it would read if the
am-ndmentH were adopted.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. 1 demand
the yeas and nays on the amendment.
; The yeas and nays wc-re ordered.
| Mr. MeMULLlN. The amendment to the
ammdment is a very important one, and I doubt
whether the House thoroughly understands it. I
would like to have it again read.
' The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
' amendment to the amendment will be ogam
reported.
; There was no objection; and the amendment to
the amendment, the amendment, and the bill as u
would read if amended, were again reported to
the House.
Mr. McMULLIN". I do not know that even
now I well understand the question b fore the
body, and I desire for a moment to attract the
attention of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Cobb,] who introduced the bill for the graduation
of the prices of the public land, passed at the last
session. At the time I voted in favor of that law
my understanding was that it guarantied to th«
actual occupants the right to enter three hundred
and twenty acres of land, at the graduated prices
therein fixed. My understanding was that no
person, or persons> were to be granted the privi-
lege of entering Government land at the gradu-
ated prices, other than the actual ^settlers. If 1
correctly heard the remarks made by the gentle-
man from Alabama, his purpose now is not only
to allow those who own forty, eighty, or three
hundred and twenty acres of land, but those who
own one thousand acres of land, to enter the Gov-
ernment land at the graduated prices.
Mr. COBB. Yes, sir; I propose that a man
whose land adjoins the public land—never mind
what quantity he has—shall enter the adjoining
Government land at the graduated prices, if he
goes upon it and brings itinto cultivation. Under
the act, whether he holds one thousand or ten
thousand acres, he must go upon the land^and
cultivate it before he can enter it under the grad-
uation prices.
Mr. McMULLIN. I voted with a great deal
of pleasure for the bill graduating the price of the
public land, which was passed at the last session.
I was willing to allow any person to enter thre-
hundred and twnty acres under that law; but I
am now unwilling to grant the privilege to any-
bod y to *nter more than three hundred and twenty
acres at the graduated prices.
Mr. COBB. That is the law now. Th-re is
a prohib tion to entry by any one person of more
than three hundred and twenty acres of the pub-
lic land at the graduated prices.
Mr. McMULLIN. Hre >g the point which I
desire to mak : The gentleman said, that if a gen-
tleman owned one thousand or tm thousand acres
of land, that still, under the provisionsof this bill,
he could entlr the public land at the graduated
prices.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman may have paid
tw*'nty dollars the acre for his land, and, if there
be public land adjacent, are we to prohibit him
from ent  ring it at the graduated prices ?
Mr. McMULLIN. My object was, and it
now is, to protect, as far as I can, the rights of
the actual settl-rs.
Mr. COBB. The actual settlers have th- pref-
erence over all others in the entry of the land; so
that thfir rights are fully protected
Mr. DISNEY. If the gentl-man will allow
me, I think I can explain th • amendments which
are pending better to the satisfaction of the g'-n-
. tleman from Virginia, The existing law—th^
law which it is now sought to amend—allows the
privilege spoken of by the gentleman; and if the
amendment of the gentleman from Alabama upon
my l^ft [Mr. Cobb] prevails, will still remain.
But if the amendment offered by the other gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr, Dowdell] prevails, that
will be cut off. The object of the gentleman upon
my right is to cut off that privilege.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then, if I understand the
gentbman from Cincinnati, [Mr. Disney,] th.*.
amendment of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Dowpeli,] is to prohibit any person from enter-
ing lands at the graduated prices who is already
the owner of three hundred and twenty acres of
land or more.
Mr. DISNEY. That is the effect of the gen-
tleman's amendment.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then 1 shall vote for the
amendment of the gentleman from Alabama on
my 1-^ft, [Mr. Dowdell.] It is known to the
members of the House that my course in the last
Congress upon this subject, diff-ring, although it
did, from that of all my colleagues from Virginia,
was actuated th<n, as it is now, by a desire to
protect the actual settlers upon the public lands.
I was not willing then, and 1 am not willing now,
that the benefits of this graduation law should go
for the b-nefit of land jobbers and land specula-
tors. With the explanation, therefore, of the
gentleman from Ohio, I shall cheerfully vot* for
the amendment of the gentleman from Alabama
i on mv left, [Mr. Dowdell.]
Mr. PERKINS, of N^w York. It seems to
me that the proper title of this bill would be " a
bill further to facilitate the taking, for mere nom-
inal prices, by persons already owning lands, the
