THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 3, 1855.
New Series....No. 11.
but perhaps I did not express myself with suffi-
cient clearness; and it may, therefore, be necessary
for me to reiterate what I then said. Although
the title of the bill of last session is " an act to
graduate and reduce the price of the public lands to
actual settlers and cultivators," and although that is
the spirit of the law, yet, it is said that individuals
have entered land under that act, not for the
purpose of actual settlement and cultivation. 1
propose to amend the language of the act so that
it shall not be misconstrued. it is said that persons
enteringland underthatlaw, and solemnly declaring
that they enter it for the purpose of actual settle-
ment and cultivation, construe their oaths to mean
within any time th£t. they please. Now, 1 pro-
pose to make the language of the act explicit, and
to provide that they shall be upon the land before
they propose to enter it, and shall enter it for the
purpose of immediate cultivation and settlement.
Mr. HAMILTON. The complaint now made
here is, that there has been too rigid a construc-
tion of the act upon the part of the Commissioner
of the Land Office, They say that he has refused
to determine, under the law, lands to be " adja-
cent" that joined triangularly. If we take a
legitimate view of this law, and of tho desire of
the Commissioner to confine it within its proper
limits for the benefit of the actual settler and cul-
tivator of the soil, he has done just what Congress
designed he should do. Hehasiigidly constiued
this law to mean what Congress intended it, should
mean. But the honorable gentleman from Ala-
bama desires to go beyond such intention, and go
beyond the interests of the actual cultivator and
settler of the soil. 'J'he Commissioner of the Land
Office desired the benefits of ti^law to be restricted
to this class of our citizens, but the honorable
gentleman from Alabama comes here and says
that the law is defective, and is fraudulently
violated.
Mr. COBB. I deny that t ever said so.
Mr. HAMILTON. I am wrung, perhaps, in
attributing the latter expression to that gentleman,
but other gentlemen here say that the law is
defective, and that great frauds have been perpe-
trated under it. Because the Commissioner of
the Land Office refuses to go beyond the inteiitof
the law, gentlemen hold him t" be rcprehonoible,
and desire material alterations and changes. 1
desire that the construction of the Commissioner
shall stand, and just as rigidly as he can construe
it, and that the laws should be rather limited than
enlarged, as desired by the gentleman from Ala-
bama. It will be the better for the country and
for the interests of the actual settlers and culti-
vators.
[A colloquy here ensued between Mr. Hamil-
ton and Mr. Cobb.; which was indistinctly heard
by the reportei, owing to the confusion in the
Hall.] " ,,
Mr. HAMILTON. There is considerable con-
fusion in reference to the amendments to this bill,
none of which are yet perfected for legislative
action. I desire to submit the following amend-
ment:
Strike out that portion of the section which mad:! a.< fol-
And that portion of said net that has been construed a-;
requiring that lands entered or applied lor the U"o (it an
adjoining farm or plantation, (-hall lorni a compact liodv
with such farm or plantation, shall hereattoi In:^ construed
as applicable to any lands in lile neit,'liboi hood of Mich taini
or plantation, say not to exceed tour miles distftiiee. '
And I now move to recommit this bill to tue
Committee on Public Lands, with all the pend-
ing amendments; and upon this motion I demand
the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the morning
hour expired? .
The SPEAKER. It has not yet expired by
some two minutes.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to offer an
amendment to this bill, to be referred with it, if it
is recommitted to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr HAMILTON. I have no objection to the
gentleman's amendment, if he desires to propose
°flThe SPEAKER. There being no objection,
11
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Arkansas will be received to accompany the bill,
if it is recommitted to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the Chair, if the gen-
tleman from Maryland withdraws the demand for
the previous question, if it would be competent to
pass a portion of this bill, and recommit to the
Committee on PublicLands the subjects embraced
in the balance. If the House will look at the bill,
they will see that it will work no injury to any-
body, if we pass the first part of it down to, and
including the word "Interior," in the second
section. I only propose to pass this portion of
the bill; and if the House desire to recommit the
subject-matter of the last half to the Committee
on the Public Lands, why, they can do so ju3t as
well as if we did not take the action proposed.
There certainly can be no objection to the first
portion of the bill.
Mr. GROW. The amendment in the first sec-
tion is coupled witii that in the second section of
the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to know of the
Speaker, whether we can pass tho first part of the
bill, and refer the latter half to the Committee on
Public Lands ?
The SPEAKER. The object of the gentleman
can only be accomplished, by the unanimous con-
sent of the House.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I object.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. I desire to offer
the amendment this morning, which I proposed
the other day; so that, in the event of this whole
subject being recommitted to the Committee on
Public Lands, it may be with all the proposed
amendments.
The SPEAKER. It peems to be the under-
standing of the House, that all the amendments
offered by gentlemen shall be committed to the
Committee on Public Lands, if the bill be recom-
mitted to that commiU'-e. 'i'he motion now be-
fore the House, is that made by the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Hamilton;,] to r:f> r this
sub]ect to the Committee on Public Lands, and
upon that motion, he demands the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was then seconded.
Mr. LETCHER. I wi-ih to inquire whether
the proposition of the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. IlAMifcTOu] includes the original bill?
The SPEAKER. It includes the original bill,
and all the amendments.
The mam question was then ordered to be now
put.
The whole subject was then recommitted to the
Committee on Public Livndrt.
Mr. HAMILTON moved to reconsider tho
vote ptst. slated, and to lay th" motion to recon-
sider' upon tile table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve,
itsek" into the Committee of the Whole on the
stale of the Union.
ENROLLED BILLS.
! Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
' Bills, reported, as correctly enrolled, bills of the
; following titles; which, thereupon, leceived the
I sigmituie of the Speaker, viz:
j An act authorizing tile Washington Gas-Light
i Company to increase the capital stock of said
company;
An act for the relief of Herman Chittenden;
An act giving the consent of Congress to the
cession, by the State of Massachusetts, to the State
of New York', of the district of Boston Corner.
An act, to amend an act, entitled "An act to
establish an auxiliary watch for the protection of
the public and the private propel ty in the city of
Washington," approved August £3, 1843; and
An act for the liquidation of the penitentiary
indebtedness.
VETO MESSAGE RIVERS AND HARBORS.
Mr. P FULL IPS. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] has withdrawn, for the
present, his motion that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of enabling me to move •
that the President's message, sent in this morning,
be now read to the House, with a view of moving
that it belaid upon the table, and printed.
The motion was agreed to; and the message
was then read, as follows:
To the Senate anil House of Representatives:
In returning to the House of Representatives,
in which it crigmated, a bill entitled "An act
making appropriations for the repair, preserva-
tion, and completion of certain public works
heretofore commenced under authority of law,"
it became necessary for me, owing to the late day
at which the bill was passed, to Btate my objec-
tions to it very briefly, announcing, at the same
time a purpose to resume the subject for more
deliberate discussion, at the present session of
Congress; for, while by no means insensible of the
arduousness of the task thus undertaken by me,
I conceived that the two Houses were entitled to
an exposition of the considerations which had in-
duced dissent, on my part, from their conclusions
in this instance.
The gre.it constitutional question of the power
of the General Government in relation to internal
improvements, lias been the subject of earnest
difference of opinion at every period of the his-
tory of the United States. Annual and special
messages of successive Presidents have been occu-
pied with it, sometimes m remarks on the general
lopie, and frequently in objection to particular
bills. The conflicting sentiments of eminent
statesmen, expressed m Congress, or in conven-
tions called expressly to devise, if possible, some
plan calculated to relieve the subject of the embar-
rassments wnh whi-'h it is Environed, while they
have directed public attention strongly to the mag-
nitude of the interests involved, have yet left
unsettled the limits, not merely of expediency, hut
of constitutional power, m relation to works of
tin i class by the General Government.
What is intended by the phrase " internal im-
provements?" What, does it embrace, and what
exclude? No such language is found in the Con-
ytitution. Not only is it not an expression of
ascertainable constitutional power, but it has no
sufficient exactness of meaning to be of any value
an the basis of a safe conclusion, either of consti-
tutional law or of practical statesmanship.
President John CAumcy Adams, in claiming, on
one occasion, after his retirement from office, the
authorship of the idea of introducing into the
administration of the affairs of the General Gov-
ernment "a permanent and regular system" of
! internal improvements, speaks of it as a system,
by which "the whole Union would have been
checkered over with luilroads and canals," afford-
ing " high wages and constant employment to
hundredsof thousands of laborers;" and he places
it in express contrast with the construction of
such works by the legislation of the States and
by private enterprise.
It is quite obvious, that, if there be any consti-
tutional power which authorizes the construction
of " rnilroads and canals " by Congress, the same
power must comprehend turnpikes and ordinary
I carriage roads; nay, it must extend to the con-
| struction ot bridges, to the draining of marshes,
to the erection of levees, to the construction of
! canals of irrigation; m a word, to all the possible
i means of the material improvement of the earth,
I by developing its natural resources, anywhere and
I everywhere, even within the proper jurisdiction
i of the several States. But if there be any con-
stitutional power thus comprehensive in its na-
ture, must not the same power embrace within hs
scope other kinds of improvement of equal utility
in themselves, and equally important to the wel-
fare of the whole country? President Jefferson,
while intimating the expediency of so amending
the Constitution as to comprise objects of phys-
ical progress and well-being, does not fail to per-
ceive that " other objects of public improvement,"
including "public education," by name, belong to
