1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
more maturely the principles stated in themessage,
thai! they are able to do from merely heaving it
read, I move that the message be laid upon the
table and printed, and upon that L call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope my friend from Ala-
bama wiil not undertake to have any course pur-
sued with this message which will prevent gentle-
men from various parts of the House from ex-
pressing their views in reference to the subject
therein treated. I have endeavored to hear the
message as it has been read by the Clerk, but my
seat is so remote that i have been able to get only
here and there a passage. It appears to me, that
a great part of the message is well reasoned, but
some parts of it are reasoned in a way that will
i"ot stand scrutiny.
I take it for granted, the President himself is
willing and desirous that his views upon the sub-
ject, when before the House, should be fully and
ia.iiiy considered by the House. I do not now
propose to enter into any discussion at all upon
the subject, but I want to suggest to the gentle-
man, whether this message had not better be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed*, where it
will propeily, and in order, come up for discussion.
I desire to add, in addition, that I presume my
friends over the way, [Messrs Our, and Bayly
ot'Virgwia,] both of whom I seeareunon the floor,
urHl also be desirous of discussing this message,
for I see it falls far short of that class of messages
which my friend ftom Virginia [Mr. Bayi-yJ indi-
cated as a model message for a veto, as sue!) 
Mr. PHILLIPS. I will change the motion i
made, and move that the message be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and upon that I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Theprevious question was seconded; and, under
the operation thereof, the message was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Will it be in
order now to move that twenty thousand extra
copies be printed ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. STANTON. Then I make the motion.
Mr. JONftS, of Tennessee. I wish, eir, in
connection with that proposition, to call the atten-
tion of the House, and particularly that of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,] to t\
subject which is interesting, perhaps, to the mem-
bers of this House. It will be recollected that at
the last session this House ordeied a large number
of extra copies of various documents to be printed.
For instance, one hundred thousand exirtt copies
of the agricultural part of the Patent Oiiie.e report,
many thousand copies of Ilcrmlon's, and of
Gibbon's report of the purvey of the Amazon.
These copier-*, fordistnbuuon among the members,
have not yft been dthvered, and I do not know
what is the exact state and condition of them, but
the prospect irf, that they will not be delivered to
the members of this House in time to l-e sent, off
to them before the expiration of thu r<et sion, and
we shall have all ihc extra printing of this session
left here after we adjourn.
I would ask the gentleman from Kentucky, if he
knows why the printing, ordered at the last oes- j'f
eion, has not been done, and delivered before this j
time? j
Mr. .STANTON, of Kentucky. I am very ;
much gratified that thejccntlernan from I
has afforded mean opportunity to make an expla-
nation to the House, which, I think, will excul- -j
putc the Committer on Printing from any charge ;
of having' neglected their duties. It i.? also due to \]
the public printer of the House, and the Kupcrin- <■
tenclentof Public Printing, to say that no pos« ible i
blame can attach to them for the delay which has ,,
occurred in the delivery to the members of such
documents as were ordered at the last session. |j
They have both faithfully and creditably dis-
charged the r duties so far as the circumstances
would allow.
The House, at the last session, ordered one
hundred, cr one hundred and ten thousand copies
of the agricultural part of the Patent Office report
to be printed. They have been printed by the
public printer for more than three months. The
House also ordered a large number of Lieutenant
Herndon's report on the exploration of the Ama-
zon. They have been printed for more than six
months. Gibbon's reports, which were ordered,
have been printed more than five months, and
Marcy's for the same length of time.
Many Members, Where are they ?
Mr. {STANTON. There are fifty tons of them
in the printing office of the Union, and. in the
hands of the binder, subject fo be mill-dewed and
eaten up by miceand moths. The binder, who has
been ready and waning for some time, cannot bind
them, for the reason that this House'orderedan im-
mense number of plates and maps, the engraving
of which required much time, and have not been
completed according to the contracts. The binder,
without authority of the House, could not bind
up the books without the plates and maps, and
consequently, for some time, and at niuch loss to
himself, hay been compelled to remain idle. It is
probable from the delay which has occurred, and
the slowness with which the engravers execute
their contracts, that, unless the House orders the
books on hand to be bound without the plates
and maps, we shall not have ready fordistribution
many of the books ordered at the last session,
under six or eight months yet to come.
The House, at the last session, ordered for the
four works i have enumerated, 239,559 sets of
plates and maps. Of these there are yet uncom-
pleted , and not delivered by the contractors, 86,032.
These were due by the terms of the contracts, as
a memorandum 1 have before me, taken from the
contracts, shows, principally in the months of
August, September, October, and November, and
a lesv m the month of December. Why the
engravers have not executed their contracts more
promptly, i am unable to say, as the matter of
securing the plates and maps is not under the
jurisdiction of the Committee on Printing, and we
have no control whatever over u.
About one half of the j dates intended for the
Patent Office report of the last year, lenmin
yet to be executed. These plates are intended
to illustrate the characteristics of a certain de-
scription of strawberry, and the practical value
of which, I am unable to comprehend. I am
sure it cannot be so great as to justify the delay
which has occurred m the distribution of a work
ordered nearly one year ago. This work is much
in demand, and it would be far better for the
House to order us binding without the rdates,
than tolerate any further delay. There remain,
also, H),%6 piatesintended forHerndon's report,
20,000 tor Gibbon's, and fJs;'>C0 for jViarcy's, un-
executed, and which must be delivered before
the«je works can be bound end dietubuted.
This, Mr. Speaker, is the explanation 1 have to
make m reply to the inquiry of the honorable gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jonf.s,] and winch
i trust wilfbe satisfactory to the House.
Mr. (HllilSN WOOD. Did I undeistand the
gentleman from Kentucky to say that his com-
mittee had no control over the printing of the
Ptt'ent Office report ?
Mr. &T ANION. I stated that the Committee
on the Public Printing had no control over the
subject of engraving. This is intrusted, by the
law of 184(>, to the Committee on Accounts; but a
rule of the Hou^e confers on the Committee on
Kngraving, power to make the contiacts.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, I think myself,
that it would be better for us to take the Patent
Oiilce repot ts without the htrawbernes. [Laughter.]
Let us have them, bound as they are, so that they
may, as it was intended they should, be distributed
among the people.
Mr, HOUStON. Is there any motion pending?
The WPKAKER. There is none.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then i move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
SWAMP AND OVERFLOWED LANDS.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Orr in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The business first in order
is the consideration of House bill (No. 9) for the
relief of purchasers and locators of swamp and
ovei flowed lands.
Mr. HOUSTON. Would it be in order for me,
Mr. Chairman, to move to lay this bill aside, and
to take up one of ths appropriation bills ?
The CHAIRMAN. Has debate been closed
on the bill now before the committee?
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe that it has.not.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair then is of the
opinion that it would be in order to move to take
up one of the general appropriation bills.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up the mail
steamer appropriation bill.
Mr. WASl-IBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
Chair deside that the bill, in regard to purchasers
and locators of swamp and overflowed lands, is
not in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decided that
the bill for the relief of purchasers and locators of
swamp and overflowed lands, was the first business
in order; but, inasmuch as discussion had not been
closed on it, that it was in order to pass it over,
and to take up one of the general appropriation
bills.
Mr. GROW. I would ask whether the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Houston] can take the
floor from the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Wasiiburne,] to make the motion to take up the
mail steamer bill? for the gentleman from Illinois
had the floor when the committee rose.
The CHAIRMAN. TheChairwas notaware
that the gentleman from Illinois was in possession
of the floor when the committee rose.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not recollect that any
gentleman claimed the floor when the committee
rose.
Mr. WASHBURNE. When the committee
rose, having this bill under consideration, I was
entitled to the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. Such being the case, the
motion made by the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Houston] is not in order.
Mr. WASHGURNE. I ask for the reading of
the bill,
Mr. HOUSTON. The bill has been read through
regular!^ the first time, and I presume it is now to
be read for amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill will now be read
by the Clerk for amendment.
The bill was read by the Clerk foramendment. *
The CHAIRMAN. The first question is on
the amendment of the committee to add the fol-
lowing proviso;
Provided * That the proceeds of t^e lands located under
tin' act shaJt be exclusively applied, as far as necessary,
to the diainoge of the swamp and overflowed lands in said
Stated.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move, in lieu of the
following words:
"That where lands granted to the eeveral States by the
act of Congress of September 2$, 18C0,' to enable the State
of Ailunsas, and other Slates, to reclaim the swamp lands
within their limit*,' have b^en sold or located since the
parage of the said act, the Governor of any Srtate in which
such iAvamp Sands may be situated, by such agent or agents
as Iifs may appoint, may select other lands of equal quan-
tity, in lieu of those purchased with cash, or located by
warrants and scrip, upon the surrender to the United States
by such Governor, or other duly authorized officer, of all
right, tide, and claim on the part of such State in and to
the lands granted to the Slates aforesaid which have been
thus entered or located, or any part thereof; awl, upon such
sun render, the titles m fee to the purchasers shall pacs by
the United States patent."
To substitute the following:
That where lands grantpd to the several State3 by the
net of 2-tli September, 1850, * to enable the Stateof Arkan-
sas, and other States, to reclaim the swamplands within
their hnntV have been sold or located since the passago of
said act, the purchase money shall be paid over to the State
tor such of said lands as have been, or may be, sold for
cafh, and the Governor, by f-uch aj;eni or agents as he may
appoint, may select other lands in lieu of those located by
warrants and scrip, upon the surrender to the United Stated
by the Governor, or other duly authorized officer, of all
riglH, title, and claim, on the part of such State, in and to
the lands granted to the State as aforesaid, which have been
thus entered or located, or any part thereof; and upon such
hum nd< r the title m fee to the puichasurs shall pass by the
United States patents : Provided, That all such selections,
by any State agent, shall be made of lands subject to sale
at a price not exceeding $1 2f>pcracre: And provided also,
That all lands and moiwy rcccived by any State under the
provisions of this act, shall be applied and expended as re-
quired by the said act of 28th September, 1850: Jln&hcti
j ■ether fiocidcd, That before the purchase money for such
lands sold as aforesaid, shall b<> paid over to any State, and
before any State shall be permitted to locate other lands in
lieu of those located by warrants, or scrip, proof shall be
mado to the satisfaction of the district land officers, subject
to the approval of the Commissionei of the Land Ofiice,
tint such lands were of the character embraced by the
swamp land act of Septeinbei 28, lb30.
Mr. Chairman, I do not intend to trespass but
for a few moments on the attention of the com-
mittee. This question, gentlemen will recollect,
was reported to the House by the Committee on
