1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
will move that its considoration be postponed until
this day two weeks, and that it be printed.
Mr. McMULLIN. I must object to making
special orders in that way.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Well, let the bill at
least be printed.
Mr. McMULLIN. I have no objection to the
reception of the report or the printing of the bill,
but. 1 do object to its being made a special order.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
report will be received.
Mr. LETCHER. What is to be done with it?
Mr. WENTWORTH. I propose that the bill
shall be ordered to be printed, and recommitted
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. LETCHER. What bill is it ?
Mr. WENTWORTH. It is a bill "to prevent
the introduction into the United States of foreign
criminals, paupers, idiots, lunatics, and insane,
and blind persons."
No objection being made, the bill was received,
read a first and second time by its title, recom-
mitted to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion by Mr. McMULLIN, the
House (at half past three o'clock, p. m.) ad-
journed until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 3, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn".
The Journal o f y esteiday was read and approved.
Hon. William M. Gwin, of California, ap-
peared in his seat to-day.
CLERKS OP THE SENATE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretaiy of the Senate,
showing the names and compensation of persons
employed in his office during the year 1854; which
was ordered to he on the table and be printed.
GENERAL WOOL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting, in com-
pliance with a lesulution of the Senate, copies of
the instructions and correspondence between the
different Departments of the Government and
Major General Wool, commanding the Pacific
division of the Army, in regard to the operations
on that coast. ....
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I had intended
to submit some remarks on a motion to print
this correspondence; but as there is a number of
documents which I have not had an opportunity
of examining, I shall be compelled to forego that
until they shall be printed, liy the call which I
made for this correspondence, 1 did not mean to
propose legislative action on the subject. My
mam object was to vindicate the reputation of ail
officer of the Army, who, in my judgment, has
been somewhat abused. General Wool is not
only one of the ablest, but one of the most gal-
lant officers in the Army of the United States.
He was sent to the Pacific coast, not alone for
the purpose of commanding the military depart-
ment there. but for the purpose of arresting the
spirit of filibusterinm then rife on that coast.
Very full and specific instructions were given to
him by the Department of War. A literal com-
pliance with those instructions placed him above
the civil authorities, and required him really to
take the initiative; and he has been subjected to
some censure in some public places ni conse-
quence of a strict compliance with the letter ot
his instructions. 1 desire now simply to make
the usual motion for the printing of this docu-
ment. After it shall have been printed, 1 may
take occasion to present my views of the course
pursued by General Wool and by the Dep&itment
of War.
The motion to print was agreed to.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating his views on the
subject of the power of the General Gevernment
over internal improvements in the States. At the
last session he returned to the House of Repre-
sentatives, in which it originated, the bill entitled
" An act making appropriations for the repair,
preservation, and completion of certain public
works heretofore commenced under the authority
of law." In the brief veto message accompany-
ing that bill, the President announced his purpose
to present to Congress, at the ensuing session,
his views on the general question; and the present
message is in accordance with thatannouncement.
The Secretary was proceeding to read the mes-
sage, but
Mr. WELLER interposed, and said: I wish
to ask whether it is necessary, under the rules of
the Senate, that this communication should be
read. It is, I understand, a veto message addressed
to the House of Representatives, and, as a matter
of course, a copy has also been transmitted to the
Senate. That message has been printed by order
of the House of Representatives, and has been
read, I presume, by every Senator. If it be
proper, I move that the reading of the message be
dispensed with, and that it be laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. Hunter privately made a suggestion to
the honorable Senator from California.
Mr. WELLER. I do not wish to make any
motion which will conflict with the usual course
of proceeding. Certainly, I design no disrespect
to the President of the United States. "I do not
know that there is anything in the message to
which I do not cordially subscribe. It was only
for the purpose of saving time that I suggested my
motion.
The PRESIDENT. The usual practice has
been to read such messages.
Mr. WELLER.. Very well. I withdraw my
motion.
The Secretary continued and concluded the
reading of the message, which is published in the
proceedings of the House of Representatives of
yesterday.
Mr. WELLER. I suppose it is not at all prob-
able that the Senate will be called upon to act
upon the vetoed bill, as the constitutional major-
ity required cannot be obtained in the House of
Representatives. I move, therefore, that the mes-
sage lie-on the table and be printed.
file motion was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. 1 also move that twenty thou-
and extra copies of the message be printed for the
use of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think that motion should
go to the Committee on Printing. I do not know
that the committee will have any objection to it;
but they have come to the conclusion that it is best
that all motions for printing extra copies of docu-
ments should go to the committee in the first in-
stance.
Mr. WELLER. If that be the usual course, I
have no objection to the reference.
Mr. CASS. I wish to suggest that this is a very
important public document, and we know as much
in regard to the propriety of printing it now as
we shall do after the report from the committee.
It contains the views of the Executive on a sub-
ject of great importance. It is very desirable that
the people of the Union should know those views.
We ought to give them an opportunity of doing
so. I do not see the necessity of referring the
matter to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I dare say the individual
members of the committee are now of the opinion
that this printing should be ordered. But the com-
mittee have come to the conclusion that it is best
that all motions for the printing of extra copies,
without exception, should go to them in the first
instance. I have no particular wish in the matter
myself. I have merely stated the views of the
committee.
Mr. CLAYTON. I see no reason why we
should wait until the Committee on Printing have
a session to decide this question for us. This is
an important document; and men on all sides of
the question desire that it should bespread before
the country. I am content .that twenty thousand
copies of it shall be printed. I can see no reason
why we should call in the aid of the Committee
on Printing to decide this matter for us. The
reference would put off the printing, perhaps, for a
whole day. I hope, then, there will be no objec-
tion to immediately ordering this pointing.
Mr. WELLER. I withdraw my acquipsence
in the suggestion to refer the question to the Com-
mittee on Printing. I see no necessity, myself,
for that reference. The House of Representatives,
! £ believe, have ordered twenty thousand extra
copies of the document to be printed.- It relates
to a very important question, and is a very able
document. Of course, we desire to have it dis-
tributed as widely as possible over the country.
Hence I must insist on my motion for the print-
ing of twenty thousand extra copies.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Committee on Printing,
in considering the general subject-matter of the
public printing, have come to the conclusion that
all motions for the printing of extra copies of doc-
uments should, in the first place, be referred to
them. Acting under their instructions and au-
thority, I feel bound to move that this proposition
be referred to the Committee on Printing. It is
believed to be desirable that, in every instance,
these motions should undergo their supervision.
A few days since, an order was made hastily for
printing an extra number of a document, simply
on the ground that once before an order of the
same kind was made, and the committee were
unable to look into the propriety of the proposi-
tion, because it was not referred to them. That
committee is responsible, in some measure, to this
body for the expense of the public printing; and,
therefore, it is right that they should have an
opportunity of examining the questions which
bear upon the expense, and which go to increase
it. I "do not say that we shall not report imme-
diately in favor of the proposition of the Senator
from California. I am of the impression that we
shall do so; but it is proper that we should have
an opportunity of looking into the precedents on
the matter, and of considering the expense of
printing this document. Under the instructions
of the committee, I feci bound, in every instance,
to object to the passage of any resolution ordering
the printing of extra numbers until that resolution
has been referred to the committee, and reported
on by them. I therefore insist on the motion to
refer this subject to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WELLER. I suppose the only object in
referring a motion of this sort to the Committee
on Printing is, that they may have an opportunity
of examining the document and estimating the
probable expense that will be incurred, and the
importance of the publication. This is not a
message of such a character as to require that
species of investigation. Every Senator here has
. made up his mind at once as to whether it is
proper to print an extra number of copies of this
: veto message or not. If the Senate were not
! already in possession of the message, and if it
! had not been read, there might be propriety in
submitting to the Committee on Printing the
question whether an extra number should be
printed; but certainly the Senate are just as well
prepared to decide now whetherthey will print an
extra number as they will be after they shall have
obtained the report of the Committee on Printing.
Mr. CASS. It is a very excellent rule to re-
quire that most of the documents which come to
us from the Departments should be sent to the
Committee on Printing before we decide on the
printing of any extra number of them. Fre-
quently boolv'3, journals, and reports of various
kinds, are sent in here, of which members know
nothing; and it is proper that, in such cases,
the documents should go to the Committee on
Printing, to determine their value and the proba-
ble expense of printing them. For this reason, I
repeat, the rule is an excellent one; but here is an
exceptional case. This is a document commu-
nicating the views of the Chief Magistrate on a
point of constitutional policy, vastly important to
the country. Let the committee report as they
please, everybody knows this number of copies
will be ordered to be printed. It seems to me,
therefore, to be a useless ceremony to insist on
referring the matter to the Printing Committee.
I agree with the honorable Senator from Delaware,
that the sooner we get the document for distribu-
tion the better. For these reasons, I shall vote
for the printing without the reference.
Mr. JOHNSON. I made the motion to refer
the proposition to the Committee on Printing; but
I do not wish to be understood as insisting upon
it from a desire to impede or defeat the object
which those gentlemen who have addressed the
Senatehavein view. I have presented the motion
in the simple discharge of a duty which has been
imposed on me as a member of the Committee
on Printing. I feel bound to see that no proposi-
tion to increase the cost of the public printing, by
ordering a large number of extra copies of docu-
