im-
the congressional globe.
January 3,
merits, shall escape the scrutiny of the proper
committee. I must insist that every such propo-
sition shall undergo the supervision of the Com-
mittee on Printing. If the Senate, m this instance,
however, are satisfied that there is 110 necessity
for such a reference and examination, of course
they will not agree to the motion which I have
made. I do not care, personally, whether the
motion be agreed to or not. 1 do not ask tne
Senate to agree to it, if they are now satisfied of
the necessity of printing this number of copies.
I submit the motion, because I am instructed to
do so by the committee. That being the case, I
do not feel at liberty to withdraw it.
The motion to refer was not agreed to; and the
motion of Mr. Weller was adopted.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of the
clerks employed in the United States armory at
Springfield, Massachusetts, praying to be allowed
an increase of their salaries; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the petition of Colonel William Gates, of
the United States Army, praying that an act may
be passed to indemnify him for the loss of all Ins
property on board the steamship San Francisco;
whi'ch was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. . .
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition cf
Samuel P.Todd, a purser in the United States
-Navy, praying to be allowed an indemnity for
loss sustained by him in consequence of the
depreciation of Treasury notes placed in his hands
for disbursement, during the last war with Great
Britain; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. JOHNSON presented petitions of the
registers and receivers of the land offices at Glarks-
ville, and Washington, Arkansas, praying to be
allowed the same per centum on the sales of the
public lands as was allowed previous to the act
of August 4, 1854; which were ordered to lie on
the table, as the Senate has passed a bill to carry
out the object of the petitioners.
He also presented documents in relation to the
claim of John Rogers to compensation for the
storage of provisions procured by the Government
for the Chickasaw Indians in 1837; which were
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Samuel B. Porter, a soldier in the last war with
Great Britain, praying a pension for injuries sus-
tained while in the discharge of his duty; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 present the petition of the
Bole surviving children of Samuel Hammond, an
officer in the revolutionary war, praying to be
allowed the commutation pay due to officers of j
his rank, which was not paid to hi.n during his I
life. I move that the petition be referred to the!
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, and I call
the special attention of my friend from South Car-
olina, chairman of that committee, [Mr. Evans,]
to this case.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FISH presented a memorial of the Life-
Saving Benevolent Association of New York,
asking that an expedition may be dispatched by
the Government to the Arctic seas, for the rescue
of Dr. Kane and his companions, now in those
seas; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Atfairs.
Also, a memorial of the marine insurance com-
panies of the city of New York, asking that an
expedition may be dispatched by the Government
to the Arctic seas, for the rescue of Dr. Kane and
his companions, now in those seas; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SLIDELL presented a petition of the in-
habitants of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, praying a
reduction m the rates of ocean postage; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of the widow I
and administratrix of Jeremiah Moors, praying
compensation for services rendered and losses j
sustained in the construction of a hght-house on ,
Big Thunder Bay Island, in Lake Huron; which ;
was referred to the Committee on Commerce. J
INCREASE A-ND ORGANIZATION OF ARMY, j
Mr. SHIELDS. I move that the bill " for the |
increase and better organisation of the Array of;
the United States, and*for other purposes," be
recommitted to the Committee on Military Affairs;
and I will briefly state the reason why I make
this motion. The House Committee on Military
Affairs have invited General Scott to meet them
to-morrow in consultation, as they wish to avail
themselves of his experience in the preparation
and correction of the details of a bill such as is
needed for the Army. I have been notified of this
meeting; and I am anxious, as chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, to avail myself of
the same advantages. The two committees are to
meet together in consultation with General Scott
to-morrow, and we hope to agree upon a plan that
will be acceptable to both branches of Congress.
For that reason, 1 move the recommitment of the
bill.
Mr. RUSK. I second the motion of the Senator
from Illinois; and I desire to say a word or two
in this connection. In reading over the bill, to
which the honorable Senator has referred, I have
perceived that two or three distinct subjects are
included in it. It provides for an increase of our
military force, and also for a reorganization of
the Army. There is a further provision for a
retired list. It seems to me that each of those
subjects should stand on its own bottom. There
may be Senators who are in favor of an increase
of the Army, (and the necessities of the country
require that increase at this time, particularly,),
who might not be willing to vote for a retired list,
or who would not be willing to go fora reorgani-
zation of the Army. I makethisstatementmerely
as a suggestion to the Committee on Military
Affairs, that the three subjects should be included
in three separate bills, instead of being put
together.
Mr. SHIELDS. It is true, sir, that there are
three principal substantial subjects embraced in
this bill. One is the increase of the Army;
another, the increase of the pay of the officers;
and a third, the-retired list. In addition to this,
there is a provision for the reorganization of some
of the corps of the Army. The Secretary of War
has thought, and the Committee on Military
Affairs has thought, that it would perhaps be
better to connect these subjects together, for they
are kindred subjects; but, if there be any objec-
tion to that course in the Senate, we can separate
them at any time. That, however, is a matter
which will be considered to-morrow, when we
meet.
Mr. CLAYTON. I shall not undertake to
decide between my two military friends on a sub-
ject upon which they are so much better informed
'than lean be; but it strikes me that it is eminently
proper that a provision fora retired list should be
111 the same bill which proposes an increase of the
Army; for it must occur to any gentleman here,
who lias reflected on the subject, that it must be
duTicult to get votes enough for an increase of the
Army, witnout providing for a retired list. They
seem to me to be essentially connected; and I
think the proposition made by the Senator from
Illinois, to put them together, is a very proper one.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 do not wish, of course, to
prolong this debate; but I shall be glad to hear
honorable Senators express or indicate an opinion
on this subject, as the Committees on Military
Affairs of the two Houses meet to-morrow in
consultation, and expect to have the benefit of the
experience of General Scott in the correction of
the details of the bill. We desire to act in har-
mony; and, therefore, I shall be very glad to
receive any such intimation.
The motion to recommit the bill was agreed to.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. SUMNER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to secure the wages of
seamen m case of wreck.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. MALLORY asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate, to introduce a bill
" te amend an act to establish a land district in
the State of Florida, to be called the district of
Tampa;" which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. *
CLAIM OF JOHN ROGERS.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was consi.lered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs exam-
ine Hi to the claim of John {lo&ers, and take such action, if
any, as shall be right and just in the premises.
DIPLOMATIC APPOINTMENTS.
Mr. BRODHEAD submitted the following res-
olution; -which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be, and he is hereby, re-
quested U furnish the Senate with a statement ol the names
of the ministers, charge d'affaires, and the secretaries of
legation of the United Stales, appointed since the 4th of
March, 1849, together with the dates of their commissions,
the time of the commencement of their compensation, ot
their departure for their posts, and of entering upon their
official duties thereat.
CLERK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. MALLORY. It has been suggested to me
this morning that no authority has yet been given
to the Committee on Naval Affairs to appoint a
clerk, though it is very necessary that they should
have one. As the chairman of the committee
[Mr. Gwra] is not now in his seat, I move that the
committee be authorized to employ a clerk for the
present session.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRAINERD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
George Alexander, praying pecuniary relief on
account of the loss of health while in the service of
the United States, as commissioner appointed to
run the northwestern boundary line, submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom waa
referred the petition of William B. Davis, praying
remuneration for losses at Indian river, Florida,
during the Indian disturbances in 1849, submitted
an adverse report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
WILSON AND BROTHER—MIER AND CO.
Mr. STUART. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report back two bills which
have passed the House of Representatives—one a
bill for the relief of Wilson & Brother, of St.
Louis, and the other a bill for the relief of Adol-
phus Mier & Co., of St. Louis. I learn from the
Senator from Missouri, that a general law has been
passed providing for the remission of duties on
imported goods destroyed by fire under certain cir-
cumstances, which will cover these claims among
others; and he wishes to withdraw the papers in
one of the cases, that they may be transmitted to
the proper Department. I report back the bills,
and ask that the papers be withdrawn. v
Mr. GEYER. 1 wish to have leave granted to
withdraw the papers in the case of Wilson &
Brother, and I move that the bill be laid on the
table. The general law provides for both these
cases, and Mier & Co. have received payment of
their claim under it. I presume the proper course
would be to lay the bills on the table, and to allow
Wilson & Brother to withdraw their papers, and
apply for payment at the Treasury under the gen-
eral law.
The PRESIDENT. The bills originated in
the House of Representatives. The practice has
been to withdraw the papers m the House where
the bill originates.
Mr. GEYER. I suppose a difficulty might
ensue if leave was asked for, in the House, to
withdraw the papers, while the bill waa pending
here; and if there should be a favorable decision
on the bill here, the papers could not be with-
drawn at all. I propose to lay on the table the
bilf for the relief of Wilson & Brother, so that,
if it be necessary, at any period during the pres-
ent session, to act upon it, we can take it up. I
understand, however, that the general law applies
to the ca=;e, and the papers are needed for the
purpose of presentation to the Department for pay-
ment, under the provisions of that law. I do
not suppose there can be any obstacle here to
withdrawing the pnpers now. 1, therefore, ask
leave to withdraw them, and, at the same time, I
move that both bills be ordered to lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to; and leave was
granted to withdraw the papers.
INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. BROWN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to report back
House bill " to incorporate the MutualFire insur-
