1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
ance Company of the District of Columbia," and
recommend its passage. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to allow it to be considered now.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be read in
full.
Mr. BROWN. The bill is a long one, and I
suppose no one cares to hear it read at length. A
brief statement will obviate the necessity of reading
the biii. It is simply to incorporate a mutual fire
insuiance company in this District. It reserves
to Congress the right, at any time, to repeal, alter,
or amend, the act, and makes all the members of
the company responsible for all the liabilities of the
company.
Mr. PRATT. And restricts the operations of
the company to property within the District.
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir. It can do nobody
any harm, unless, perhaps, the membeis of the
company.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
C. E. GRENEAUX.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back Senate bill
for the relief of C. E. Greneaux, with a recom-
mendation that it pass. I ask the Senate to take
lip the bill now. It is very simple in itself, and
undoubtedly one on which the Senate ought to
act promptly, and one which I am sure will be
passed immediately when the Senate are made
acquainted with the facts. Some seven years ago
a similar bill authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to relieve, on a compromise, two of the
sureties of a man named Lawrence. This bill
proposes to put the third surety on the same
footing, and authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to settle with him on the principle of a com-
promise. I think he has been unjustly treated.
Beyond all question the Government, after having
settled with the other sureties, was bound, accord-
ing to every principle of equity, to settle with him
on the same terms. I hope the bill will be con-
sidered and passed now.
By unanimous consent the bill was considered
by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole. It j
proposes to authorize the Secretary of the Treas- I
ury to examine the claim of the Unired States !
against C. E. Greneaux, one of the sureties of
Benoist Lawrence, formerly receiver of public
moneys at Natchitoches, Louisiana, and to settle it
on such terms as he shall think best for the United
States, reference being had to the relief framed to
his co-sureties by an act passed March 3,1847.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
post office buildings.
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings to report a bill to
authorize the enlargement of the General Post
Office building. It is in conformity with a request
preferred to the committee, at the last session of
Congress, by the head of the Post Office Depart-
ment. I attempted then, though against my gen-
eral view of such matters, to attach it as on
amendment to the civil and diplomatic appropri-
ation bill. It was defeated on the ground that it
ought not to be so attached. The subject-matter
of the bill itself, however, absolutely requires
early action. The building used by the PostOffice
Department requires enlargement. It is incom-
petent m its present condition to accommodate
properly the business of the General Post Office.
1 report the bill, and give notice that I shall call
it up at an eaily day.
The bill was read twice by its title, and ordered
to be printed.
st. Joseph's orphan asylum.
Mr. NORRIS. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia to report back,
wi'h amendments, tne hill "to incorporate the
Sc. Joseph's Male Orphan Asylum in the Dist/ict
of Columbia," ar.d to ask for its immediate con-
sideration.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded to
oT'Fider the bill as m Committee of the Whole.
Tne pamendments of the Committee ou the Dis-
trict of Columbia, were to add the following addi-
tional sections:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That nothing in this
act shall be so construed as to authorize the said cor-
poration to issue any note, token, device, scrip, or other
evidence of debt, to be used as a currency.
Sec. 4. *ftnd be \t further enacted. That each of the
stockholder* in the said corporation shall be held liable in
his or her individual capacity, lor ail the debts and liabilities
of the said company however contracted or mcu rod ; to
be recovered by suit as other debts or liabilities before any
court of competent jurisdiction.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. Is this the bill which I intro-
duced a lew days ago?
The PRESIDED V. It is the same bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. I prefer that there should be
no action on the bill at this time, and 1 theiefore
move that its further consideration be postponed
until to-morrow.
The motion was ageed to.
EXTENSION OF THE BOUNTY LAND LAWS.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill " in addition
to certain acts granting bounty land to certain
officers and soldiers who have been engaged m the
military service of the United States;" the pending
question being on the motion of Mr. Stuart to
leconeider the vote by which the word " minor "
was stricken out before " child," in the second
section.
Mr. BADGEIl. I hope that motion will not
be agreed to.
Mr. STlJART. I did not intend to say another
word to the Senaieon this subject; but I have been
endeavoring since yesterday, as well as 1 could,
to ascenain something us to the amount of land that
will be taken under tins bill. With the best lights
before me, 1 learn that about three Hundred mil-
lions of acres will be consumed by this bill if it
shall become a law. That being the case, it is
well enough to look at this question. Theamount
of the sales of the public lands lor the last year,
including those sold for cash, and entered by land
warrants, has been very large, amounting to about
ten millions of acres. The amount sold for cash
alone was about seven million acies. Now,sii,
if we issue an amount of land scrip equal to that
supposed in thus case, how long will it take to
satisfy it, supposing ton million acres a year as the
annual quantity entered? When the question is
looked at in this light, there is such impoitaneein
it as must strike the sense of every Senatoi; but I
only ask the attention of Senators to what! said
yesterday. Will it not utterly defeat the main
objcct of the bill; that is to say, remuneration to
the surviving officers and soluieis of the war of
1812, and all other wars provided for here?
The graduation bill of the last session has re-
duced the price of public lands in the States to an
aveiage of about fifty cents an acre. As a matter
of course, it has reduced the value of land war-
rants in the same proportion, so that a land war-
rant is not, to-day, worth more than half what it
would be worth if all the land in the United
States, subject to private entry, were held at one
dollar and' twenty-five cents an ucie. Then, if
you put into market the amount of land scrip
which this bill will, a warrant for one hundred
and sixty acres of land, in the hands of an officer
or soldier of the ermy of 1812, will not be worth
money enough to buy him a hat. Then, 1 ask
a<rajn, if your chief object is totally defeated by
the very extended provisions of the bili, as it now
stands, while, at the same time, you inflict great
injury on my State, why should I support the
bill ?
Having referred to this point, I am compelled,
although reluctantly, to reply to an intimation
made yesterday by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
He said he did not expect that the Senators from
the land States would support this bill. If he
means to say that the Senators from the land
States are Jess disposed than those from other
States to do full justice, in the most liberal sense
of the term, to the officers and soldiers of the war
cf ISM, or of any other war, then, in the language
of my friend from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] he does
the Senators from those States manifest and gross
injustice. But, sir, if he means that his intention
has been, and is, to make this bill so obnoxious
that the Senators from those States cannot vote for
if, lie is right in saying that he does not expect
them to do so.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Just at that point, I beg
leave to ask my honorable friend from Michigan
to permit me to say a word in explanation ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. BRODHEAD. An objectionable feature
cf this bill, and one of which my honorable friend
from Michigan is now complaining, was intro-
duced upon his motion. The limitation of twenty-
eight days was stricken out upon his motion,and
yet he complains now that the bill has too ex-
tended an operation, and will, therefore, defeat
itself. I think that he is doing good service now
by speaking against his own amendment.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, the Senator
made a similar attempt upon two occasions, yes-
terday, and 1 did not deem it proper then, even to
reply to it. If a Senator cannot see a difference
in its effect upon the number provided for in this
bill, between striking out the limitation of twenty-
eight days as the term of service, and striking out
the woid "minor," preceding 44 children," then
he cannot understand the first rudiments of the
principles of audition. Why, sir, take the num-
ber of men who hare been called into the service
of the United States since welirst commenced the
struggle with Great Britain down to to-day, who
have only been twenty-eight days in the service,
and what proportion does it bear to the whole
number? Any man who is at all conversant with
the history of the country can see that it is very
small indeed.
But, take the effect of striking out the word
" minor," which brings into the bill almost the
whole number of soldiers that has ever been in the
employ of the United States, and then, I think,
there will be difficulty in seeing the difference in
the effect of the two. This is the effect of striking
out the word "minor." If the man is alive, he
draws the land; if he is dead, and has a child
living, the land is still drawn. Now, what is the
pioportion of men who have been in the service
of the country who are dead, and the whole num-
ber who have been in the service and have not
left a surviving child? Anyone who considers
these facts can see the difference between the
effect of the two propositions; and yet the Senator
from Pennsylvania seeks to say that because, on
my motion, the words " twenty-eight days,"asa
limitation on the term of service, were stricken
out, I have been guilty of all the injury of which
1 now complain. Why, the substance of the bill,
as itstands now, with the word 44 minor " stricken
out, is to give to almost every man who has been
in the service of the United States, one hundred and
sixty acres of land, through himself or his child,
because the proportion who have been in thatservice
who have died, not leaving a child, is very small.
Still, the Senator seems to hold me responsible for
this extension of the provisions of the bill. The
injustice of such a charge is apparent from what
I have said.
Mr. President, the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr Thompson] yesterday remarked, in reply to
what 1 said m respect to the effect of this bill on
the land Si it<w, thathe stood here, in the language
of the Constitution, a Senator of the United States.
I apprehend that Senator committed a slight error.
Theie is no such language, I apprehend, m the
Constitution asa(< Senator of the United. States."
There is u provision for a " Senate of the United
States," and thatSenator, like every other Senator
on this floor, is a member of that Senate of the
United States, chosen by the State from which he
comes, and representing, in part, its interests.
The remark of that Senator, thai he will, in the
discharge of his duties here, look to the interests
of the whole Union, is worthy of adoption and
imitation. I am glad to hear it from thatSenator,
and I shall be glad to hear it from all others,
because, if his life and mine be spared, we shall be
here when that doctrine will be required to be
brought into practice. The time is near by, yea,
sir, it is at hand, when the'elements now at work
in both sections of this Union will make it emi-
nently the duty of a man occupying a seat on
this floor, to remember that he is acting for the
United States. I shall be glad to see that honor-
able Senator then standing up to the doctrine. I
doubt not he will do so; but I doubt not, also,
that he will find, as he and I have tdo often found
before, thut the opinions of men influence their
action only to the extent of their notions of the
popularity cf those opinions. Sir, those of us
who live are to be tried, and I hope we shall be
