172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
value of the warrants, so that the old soldier cf
the war of 18X2'will not receive the value of an
old hat for one.
Mr. STUART. I beg the Senator's pardon—
not an old hat. I said it would not bring him
enough to buy him a hat.
Mr. CLAYTON. Very well. The difference
is between an old hat and a new one. My honor-
able friend thinks the land warrant will not be
worth a hat. He was a zealous advocate of the
homestead bill, which proposed to give every
man, and his wife and children, one hundred and
sixty acres of land, if tiiey would settle it, and
would appear there one day in six months. I
think that is what the bill provided. A man, by
the terms of the bill, might go and make his entry,
and if he would come "back once every six months,
that was deemed occupancy sufficient to entitle
him to the benefits of the act. Wo all saw then,
and see now, that it was a virtual donation—an
invitation to people to come and settle. Did my
honorable friend suppose that persons could be
induced to go from Europe, and the old Slates of
the Union, to settle the West, for something that
was not worth a hat, old or new? And the land
warrant, in this case, is worth quite as much as
it would be in that, or as much as the tracts would
be worth when given to the settlers. No man can
give any reason why it should not be. The class
which that bill embraced are greatly more numer-
ous than those provided for by this. On what
principle can it be reasoned', that tjie soldiers of
the war of 1819 will receive nothing worthy of
consideration under the provisions of this bill,
when other persons were supposed to receive by
that bill enough to induce them to cross the
mountains, and setilethe lands of the West?
Mr. President, I do not propose to continue the
discussion, for I have already occupied too much
time. I am very anxious, however, that this bill
should pass. 1 esteem it a great and beneficent
measure. It is the best mode of disposing of the
public lands we can probably ever resort to, and
I am, for that reason, in favor of it.
Mr. STUART. The Senate will pardon me,
but I would like to make a moment's reply to the
Senator; for I am certain that he will see the dif-
ference between issuing three hundred millions of
land scrip,.and saying to three hundred millions
of people, if you please, to make the cases parallel,
" you may go on to the pubVc lands and live
there." If they go, they cultivate the soil, and
add to the great wealth of the country; but m the
other case you put three hundred millions of scrip
into the market, and your soldier of the war of
1812 is not going on to that land at all, buthe will,
perhaps, sell it to some man who is, and thus the
amount of stock in the market, by a well-settled
principle of value, becomes pretty nearly worth-
less. Certainly the Senator can see the difference
in that.
Allow me to say one word in respect to the
homestead bill. The Senator has made a second
allusion to it under a misapprehension of my
position at the last session. 1 voted for the sub-
stitute for the homestead bill, known aa the Hun-
ter bill, which I had examined with some care.
The provision of that bill was, that those only
should take land under it in the States who, by
the laws of the State in which the land should he,
■would be entitled to hold it; and in the Territories
the grant was to be to those persons who could
take under the existing preemption laws. It was
no invitation, such as the Senator alludes to; but
if it were, I do not hesitate to soy that I never
could see the reason why we might not have people
come from anywhere on the face of the globe,
and go on to the public lands and live there five
years and cultivate them. I never could see the
injury to flow from it to the country, or to any
part of it, nor do I see any analogy between the
principles contained in the homestead bill and the
bill now tinder consideration.
Mr. CLAYTON. As to settling for five years,
the homestead bill did not makelhat provision.
By referring to its provisions it will be seen, that
the man who appealed once in six months there
and then went away and came back again at the
end of six months, and carried a shovel and dug
the earth, acquired a title to the land; but, sir, the
soldier can go and settle; and does my honorable
friend suppose that the soldiers and their descend-
ants will not go and settle? I anticipate that there
will be a very great exodus from every section of
the Atlantic States to the West in consequence of
the passage of this bill, and my honorable friend
will find, i think, that the class of settlers who
will go under the provisions of the bill and take
possession of the public'domain, will be ofa vastly
superior character to those who will go under the
provisions of the homestead bill.
Mr. EVANS. I desire to say a few words,
and I only do it because the Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Stuart] has made a statement as to
the quantity of land which will be granted, which,
it seems to me, is founded upon some most ex-
travagant principle. To take three hundred mil-
lions of acres at one hundred and sixty acres to
each man, would require that there should be one
million nine hundred thousand soldiers. In the
history of this country we have been engaged in
three wars. I do not include the war in Florida.
First, was the war of the Revolution. According
to the statement of General Knox, we had engaged
in that war two hundred and sixty-seven thousand
nine hundred and severiregulars, and one hundred
and sixty-six thousand six hundred and twenty-
seven militia, of which he says one hundred and
seven thousand was conjectural; but estimating
the whole, we have four hundred and thirty-four
thousand five hundred and thirty-four men.
Now, as I understand the provisions of this
bill, it only extends to the children of the soldiers;
and I would ask what proportion of the soldiers
of the Revolution have children now living? Why,
I venture to say, not one out of a hundred. Well,
sir, the two hundred and sixty-seven thousand
nine hundred and seven men who constituted the
regular Army, received their hundred acres of
land; but even if you were to pay them again, and
allow them now the one hundred and sixty acies,
supposing that only one out of a hundred would
receive it, it would take four hundred and twenty
thousand four hundred and sixty acres.
It is said, and 1 presume it is correct, that, in
the war of 1812, we had four hundred and forty
thousand men engaged in the service, regulars and
militia. The act of 1850 provides that all who
served in that war, and all the Indian wars, from
1790 up to that time, should receive, if they were
enlisted for twelve years or more, and served nine
months, one hundred and sixty acres of land.
Therefore all those who served nine months, are
paid already, and cannot come in under this bill.
Supposing them to be a fourth of the whole, you
have three hundred and thirty thousand to provide
for. The same act provides that all who were
enlisted for six months, and served four months,
shall receive eighty acresof land. Suppose, ifyou
please, that one third of those four hundred and
forty thousand served four months, then they will
be entitled only to eighty acres, because the bill
provides that what they are to receive under it, is
to be only enough to make up one hundred and
sixty acres.
According to the same act, all who enlisted to
serve for four months, and served any length of
time exceeding one month, would receive forty
acres of land. Well, sir, to make up that de-
ficiency, only one hundred and twenty acres to
each one will be necessary. Adding all these to-
gether, I cannot for the life of me, make three hun-
dred millions of acres, if every one should be paid.
Accoidmg to my estimate, it will amount to only
a little over thirty millions. If you add all the
soldiers, the four hundred and thirty-four thou-
sand five hundred and thirty-four of the revolu-
tionary army and the four hundred and forty
thousand of the war of 1612, which make only
eight hundred and seventy-four thousand, and if
you give to each of them one hundred and sixty
acres, it will only make one husidied and thirty-
nine million nine hundred and twenty-five thou-
sand nine hundred and twenty acres, hardly one
half of what the Senator says this bill is to take.
If it were to dispose of all the public lands in this
summary way, I should have some hesitation
about it, though I consider the public lands a
great source of contention here, and the sooner we
1 get rid of them the better.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the Chair.) The question is on the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. STUART called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, were—
yeas 12, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cass, Chase, Dodge of leva, Gillette
Jones of Iown, Shields, Slidell, Stuart, Sumner, Toueey
Wade, and Weller—12.
N A Yri—Messrs. Alien, Badger, Bell, Brainerd, Brod-
hea.J, Blown, Butler, Clay, Clayton, Dawson, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Evans, Pessenden, Fool, Geyer, Hunter,
James, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee, Maliory, Mason,
Norris, Pearce, Pratt, Rockwell, liusk, Thompson of Ken-
tucky, and Toombs—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CLAYTON. I move to amend the bill
by adding, at the end of the fourth section, the
following proviso:
Provided, That no land? entered and paid for by warrants
issued under the provisions of this act m the name of any
assignee or assignees of such warrants, shall be sold in a
quantity exceeding six hundred and forty acres in a con-
tiguous tract; nor shall any one person entering and paying
for land on such assigned wariants be entitled lo thus enter
and pay for more than one thousand two hundred and
eighty acres of land in any one township.
I move the amendment, in consequence of the
i suggestion which fell from yourself, (Mr. Welles.
j in the chair,) and the honorable Senator from Illi-
' nois, which struck me with much force, that those
who purchased these land warrants might locate
a number all in a body. I think, sir, we should
not be justified in permitting the holders of the
warrants who may have any number of them, to
locate them altogether, and keep that section of
th country unpeopled until they were ready to
sell.
Mr. BADGER. I will suggest to my friend
from Delaware, that I think his motion is adverse
to the interests of the persons for whom the bill is
intended to provide. Xf the soldiers, or theirrep-
resentatives, who hold the warrants should desire
to settle, they will go and occupy the land. If
they do not choose to sell them is it not the obvi-
ous conclusion that they want to go and settle?
And the deprivation of any advantage which the
warrants would possess, in the hands of those who
may purchase, will diminish their value in the
market and therefore injure the persons who are
proposed to be benefited by the bill. Now, if it
is an advantage to a man to be allowed to locate
the warrants in a body, of course that will enhance
the value of the warrants in the hands of the origi-
nal holders. Ifyou take away that advantage, of
course you depreciate the value of thern in his
hands.
Mr. CLAYTON. If the object of the soldier
be to settle, he will not want more than six hun-
dred and forty acres in one contiguous tract. That
is a farm large enough. If their object be not to
settle, but to sell, and they dispose of it to specu-
lators, I think it very impolitic to permit them to
go and cover a whole district of country with war-
rants; and I cannot see how, by this, we can se-
riously affect the value of the warrants in the hands
of any man who wishes to purchase with a view
to settlement. I cannot see that this will injure
the interests of the holders of the warrants, though
I can see that there may be serious grounds for
complaint in the new States, if large tracts of land
shall be taken up and held free from settlement
until the holders of the certificates should be
pleased to dispose of them. I think this is but an
act of justice to the new States.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am very glad that
the Senator from Delaware has offered this amend-
ment. I hope it will be agreed to, with a modifi-
cation. I think the quantities which he proposes
; are too large by half, and I therefore move to
, amend his amendment, in the first instance, by
; reducing the quantity which may be loeated in a,
! contiguous tract from six hundred and forty to
' three hundred and twenty acres; and in the second
instance, in regard to the amount which may be
entered m any one township, from one thousand
two hundred and eighty to six hundred and forty.
Every word that the Senator has said in respect to
the location of these wai rants in a body, is true.
We can go through land held by non-rcsidcnt spec-
^ ulators, who have taken up the land and invested
i their money in it, and we can look at the census and
! show you a country with only half the population
and half the representation it ehould have, "and wo
shall be told that that is the result of speculation.
Lord Murray came to Wisconsin, by his agents,
in 1836 and 1837, in the times of bank expansions,
and before the issuing of the specie circular, and
j en'.ered a very large district of country, a large
' portion of which is now unoccupied. Three hun-
j.drrd and twenty acres each are as much as any
individual will want in the northwest for a farm,
and six hundred and forty acres are as'much, I
