1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
think, as the most liberal could possibly desire.
I hope that the Senator from Delaware, in pursu-
ance of the spirit which he has manifested and
his advocacy of the principle for which he con-
tends, and which is so important, will consent to
my amendment.
Mr. CLAYTON. I hope my friend from
Iowa will not press the modification of the amend-
ment he has suggested. It is true that, in the old
States, a farm of three hundred and twenty acres
is regarded as sufficient for all common purposes;
but I would suggest, that in the western States
a farm of six hundred and forty acres, a whole
section, is not regarded as a veiy large farm. I
should be afraid that the modification of the amend-
ment might have the effect of injuring the value
of the land warrants. I have no such object in
view, and I think that preventing a man from
locating more than six hundred and forty acres
together, cannot seriously depreciate them in the
market. 1 must adhere, sir, to my amendment,
although I am anxious to agree with my honorable
friend upon all things.of this kind, knowing that
he has more experience than myself.
-• Mr. PEARCE. I doubt very much whether
the restraints imposed by the Senator from Dela-
ware would bo effectual. 1 believe the specula-
tors in the West are very well acquainted with the
means of evading the law. 1 suppose they could
very easily assign these warrants to other indi-
viduals, and take powers of attorney from them,
and locate them in the name of those parties. 1
apprehend that, if it should be their desire to locate
large quantities, they would pursue that course.
Therefore the amendment would be ineffectual.
Mr. CLAYTON. That course would be an
obvious fraud upon the lav/. If a man holding a
great number of warrants, shou'd place some of
them in the hands of other men to locate alongside
of his six hundred and forty acres, it would be a
fraud upon the law, and could not be sustained;
but, if discovered, wou'u be hallo to a penalty. It
is not probable that such frauds as these could be
successfully practiced, if those whose duty it is to
look after the interests of the country do their
duty properly.
Mr. STUART. I barely suggest to the Sena-
tor that he might obviate the difficulty by pro-
viding, in addition, that the putentshould not isme
to the assignee of the rr.an making the entry. Tnat
is the regulation of the Land Oiheenow in respect
to entries under the graduation actof last session.
Mr. CLAYTON. Then, of course, it is not
necessary. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa to
the amendment of the Senator from Delaware.
On a division, no quorum voted.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 3, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William II. milebnn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CLEKK TO A COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER. Resolutions are in order from
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DISNEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to oli'er the following res-
olution:
Rcsolral, That the Committee on I'uWic Lands tie, ami
tliey are lieieLy, autlioilzed to employ u cleric during the
present s^siou, at a compensation not exceeding lour dol-
lars per day.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Disney] will consent to modify the resolution he
has offered, I will not object to it; otherwise I will
feel constrained to do so. I suggest that the res-
olution be amended, so as to make it read that the
clerk shall be employed for twenty days.
Mr. DiSNEY. That term would be altogether
tooshou. I therefore cannot agree to the gen-
tleman's proposition.
Mr. CODG. Then I object to the resolution.^
Mr.' DISNEY. I cannot help my colleague's
0bil°r! CLSNGM AN. I call for the regularorder
of business. . ,
Mr. DISNEY. I only desire to say to t..e
House that, in my judgment, and in the judgment
of the entire committee, with the exception of the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] there is an
eminent necessity for that committee, in order that
it may be able to transact the business before it,
to have a clerk. For instance, this very morning,
matters heretofore referred to the committee for
the last ten days, could not be acted upon simply
because we had no clerk to make the necessary
preparation for business.
The whole committee, therefore, on a reexam-
ination of the question, and in view of the fact of
the refusal of the House to allow them a clerk,
and of the opposition of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Cobb,] the whole committee, I say,
with the exception of that gentleman, have directed
me to re-present the resolution which 1 have just
offered, and 1 now ask'the action of the House |
upon it.
Mr. COBB, (interrupting.) That is all very
true, Mr. Speaker, but 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield to the gentleman from Alabama?
Mr. DISNEY. No. I ask the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. COBB. I am anxious to make a compro-
mise with my colleague of the Committee on
Public Lands, and I only ask to make" a sugges-
tion to him and to the Ifouse. I am satisfied that
it is not necessary to have a clerk employed for
the whole of the session, but 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) Does the
gentleman from Ohio withdraw his demand for
the previous qurstion ?
Mr. DISNEY. I do net.
The SPEAKER. Then debate is not in order.
Mr. COBB. I only desire to make this state-
ment, if the gentleman from Ohio will allow me.
I believe that a clerk would be able to perform the
entire business which would devolve upon him in
our committee, in the space of five days—all the
business that we w.ll have for him to do during
the present session of Congiess. We have each
of us now our respective di-aweis full of reports;
and the question with me is whether the House
will allow us to remain on the iloor long enough
to explain these reports, without becoming anxious
to drive us off as heretofore. We cannot get an
opportunity to make the reports which weaie now
prepaied to make. I am, however, willing to
agree that the committee be allowed to employ a
rlcrk for twen'y days, within which time he would
be able to prepaie every thing ill the committee,
and have all repoits ready.
Mr. DISNEY. I dtsiie to say one word in
explanation, rendered necessary by the remarks
of my c.lleaguc, [Mr. Ceua.] It is this, that I
take it for granted that the House has so much
confidence in the judgment of the Committee on
Public Land as'to believe that, they will dis-
charge the clak after they have ceased to have
any use f.r his services. Why, the fact is, as
1 have already s'ated to the House, that this very
morning the committee found that they could not
act upon bills refeired to them, simply because
they have no clerk to arrange their business. It
is impossible for us tq get on without one.
The demand for the previous question was then
seconded , and the main question was ordered to
be put, and, under the operation of the previous
question, the resolution was adopted.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. LATHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from California will permit me, I will submit a
motion that the Committee on Printing be directed
to have the agricultural portion of the Patent
Office report, which was reported at tho last ses-
sion, bound without further delay for the plates,
and delivered to the members.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 desire to make an in-
quiry of the Chair. Has the morning hour com-
menced ?
The SPEAKER. It has commenced.
Mr. HAMILTON. Then 1 object to the mo-
tion.
Mr. RIDDLE. If the House will ao me the
favor to listen to me for a few moments, I will
make a brief explanation, which should have been
made yesterday, on behalf of the Committee on
En?ravir>e.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Dela-
ware will allow the Chair, in order to avoid con-
fusion, to state that the gentleman from California
[Mr. Latham] obtained the floor, and was in the
act of presenting a report from the Committee on
Public Lands, when the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Jones] asked the consent of that gentle- _
j man and of the House to introduce his motion,
i Is it the pleasure of the House that the gentleman
i from Tennessee submit his motion ?
No objection was made.
| Mr. JONES. My proposition is, that the Com-
j mittee on Public Printing or the Superintendent of
. Public Printing—which ever be the proper party—
' be requested to have the agricultural portion of the
1 Patent Office report which was made at the last
session bound and delivered to those who are en-
titled to receive it, withoutfurther delay on account
of the colored plates, so that we may have copies
for the coming debate which is to take place on
that report.
Mr. RiDDLE. I desire to say a few words in
order to explain why 1 am opposed to the passage
of the resolutioiyof the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones.] I was not present yesterday when
the statement was made by my friend from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Stanton,] which rather reflected on
the action of the Committee on Engraving, and I
am sorry that notoneofmy colleagues was present,
in order that the House mi^ht be made properly
to understand the position of the work.
Now, sir, it should be known to the House,
that during the last session of Congress more
illustrated works were ordered than have been
ordered by uiiy three Congresses previously, In
order to have this large amount of work executed
with tho least possible delay, the committee in-
\ vited the competent lithographers from the four
i great cities of the country to give its bids; and
j every competent lithographer did so bid—stating
i the shortest time in which the work could be
I executed. These bids were received by the com-
j mittee; they were all examined and considered,
j and, in every case, the most responsible bidders
: weie selected to execute the v/ork. But itliap-
! pencd, sir, that two only were behindhand,
namely: the plates for the Patent Office leport, and
; the maps—not the plates, as stated by the gentle-
; man from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton,] for Lieu-
j te'iant Gibbon's work. Prom the brief time
! allowed for tho performance of the work, these
were left unfinished. I ascertained this morning,
: from the Clerk of the House of Representatives,
| that the thirty thousand sets of plates for Lieu-
! tenant Gibbon's work had all been received; and
' also, that ihe thirty thousand sets of plates for
j Lieutenant Ilerndon's work had been all received,
I and that a portion of the maps only were delayed,
in consequence of the want of time to complete
them.
But a reflection has been cast upon the Commit-
tee on Engraving in consequence of these books
being kept back. Now, 1 want the gentleman
who°has charge of the Committee on Printing to
tell me why Lieutenant Marcy's work has not
been delivered to this House? The contractor,
according to the terms of the contract, has fur-
nished seven thousand live hundred sets of these
plates; arid now the complaint is made, because
the agricultural portion of the Patent Ofiice report
1 has not been all.delivered. There is but one con-
' tractor materially behindhand; for, in order that
j we might get the work done quickly, we have
divided it between three contractors, one in Phil-
[ adelphid, one in Boston, and one in Washington,
j The contractor in Washington is behind in his
! share of the work. He has not, as yet, delivered
! any of his contract. Previous to the holidays—
I as the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Walsh,]
! my only colleague now,can state—theComraittee
I on Engraving unanimously instructed the Super-
i intendent of Piinting to examine the office of the
| lithographer m Washington, so as to ascertain
; whafworlc he could accomplish in the month of
| January, without loss to himself, and to contract
i for the balance of the work. On my return to
I this city, I found that these instructions had not
i been obeyed. I went myself to the lithographer, a
! office in Washington, and found that by the end
i of the present week he can deliver sixteen thou-
i sand plates; and if the gentleman's resolution be
* only deferred till this time two weeks, we can have
all the plates ready for the agricultural portion of
the Patent Office report. >
Mr. "STANTON, of Kentucky. _ The honor-
able gentleman from Delaware is entirely mistaken
if he supposes that mv remarks of yesterday were
intended to cast any improper reflection upon the
