m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 3,
Committee on Engraving; and those who heard
me, wilt acquit me of saying anything more than
that the contractors had not complied with their
engagements. I regret that the gentleman now
makes it necessary for me to refer to that com-
mittee; for I would gladly avoid any comment
upon the manner in which they have discharged
their duties. A full explanation of the causes
which have led to delay in the delivery of the
documents ordered at the last session, however,
now requires it, and I shall not forbear.
I have before me some memoranda, furnished
me by the Superintendent of Public Printing,
which show the dates when the documents were
ordered to be printed, the dates of the contracts
for engraving, and the times when the maps and
plates were, under the contracts, to be delivered.
These certainly do show that much unnecessary
delay has occurred, not only in making the con-
tracts, but in their execution, and the delivery of
the work to the hands of the printer.
Mr. RIDDLE. 1 will here remark that delay
has been occasioned by the necessity that existed
for the committee to invite proposals, and for
lithographers living at a distance to comehere and
gubrr.it them to the committee for examination,
before the contracts were made.
Mr. STANTON. I know that some little delay
has arisen from that cause, but as t cast my eye
down this column of figures I find that in some
cases three or four months elapsed between the
order of the House to print the document and the
time at which the contracts for the engraving were
executed, and then, some four, five, or six months
in addition are allowed for the completion of the
work. Now, I understand that the duty of pro-
curing engravings for the Senate is imposed on
the Secretary of that body, and it seldom ever
occurs that more than two weeks elapse before the
contracts arc made, and the maps and plates are,
consequently, almost always ready when the
priming is completed. If the Senate can thus, by
its Secretary, procure its engravings with no more
delay than this, it seems certainly within the power
of our House to do the same, and I cannot agree
that the gentleman from Delaware is entirely with-
out blame for the delay which we are now inves-
tigating.
But the gentleman demands of me, with some
appearance of triumph, a reason for the delay
which has occurred in the delivery of Marcy's
report, and asks why they are not now in the
hands of the members? The reason is a very
simple one, and quite*sufficient to exculpate both
the printer and binder, as well as theSuperintend-
ent, from all blame. The work has been printed
five months, but although the order to print was
made in April, no engravings were delivered until
the twentieth day of October. Some seven thou-
sand five hundred plates have been furnished up to
December 20, and a portion yet remains to be fur-
nished. Cut it will be recollected thatduring last
fail, for want of engravings, the binder was com-
pelled, for more than three months, to remain
comparatively idle, his hands discharged, and
printed works accumulating by the ton upon his
hands. Since he has begun to recsive those en-
gravings, he is proceeding with all the rapidity
possible, to bind up the Census report, Patent
Office report, and other works on hand, of quite
as much interest as Marcy's.
It 13 true that the plates for Herndon's report
have been delivered, though not as required by
the terms of the contract. But the maps yet re-
main to be executed, and the binding cannot be
done without them. There are more than twenty
thousand of the plates for Gibbon's work not de-
livered. They were due long ago; and, if pro-
vided as required by the contracts, the books
might have been in our hands. I leave the House
to determine upon whom rests the responsibility
of this delay.
The gentleman from Delaware, as an excuse for
the delay in furnishing some of the plates for the
Patent Office report, attempts to throw off the
responsibility from himself to the Superintendent
of Public Printing. He says he directed that offi-
cer to visit the establishment of one of the con-
tractors, and inquire into the condition of the
engraving intrusted to him. By law, the Super-
intendent has nothing to do with the engraving;
and, if lie did not meddle with it, as directed, he
is not to be censured for it. That direction from
the gentleman to the Superintendent wasgiven only
ten days ago, and too late to have been serviceable
in preventing the delay of which there is now so
much complaint. I understand thatno contract has
ever been entered into with the person alluded to,
unless a mere verbal one, and that the prospect of
procuring the thirty-seven thousand one hundred
and seventy-three plates intrusted to him is a very
poor one.
Mr. RIDDLE. The contract to which the gen-
tleman from Kentucky alludes was forwarded to
me for my approbation, but when I received it, I
found that the dates, which I had directed to be
inserted in it, had been erased, and dates two
months later inserted. I refused under these cir-
cumstances to accept the contract. Where and
by whom this erasure was made it is not for me to
say. I found that the words " month of July "
were erased andthe words " month of September "
inserted in their place; thus giving the contractors
two months more time in which to comply with
their contract.
Mr. STANTON. I understand this alteration
was made by the contractor himself, to get more
time; the contract they altered has never been
approved by thecommittee. I would ask the gen-
tleman if any other steps have been taken to
secure the execution of the plates which were
assigned to him?
Mr. RIDDLE. Nothing farther than a pro-
vision instructing the contractor to go on with the
work.
Mr. STANTON. I do not know what prog-
ress the contractor is making, but I take it for
granted, inasmuch as no plates are received, that
he is doing very little, if anything, in the way of
executing the work. But of this I am not well
advised.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, whether it be true that a
portion of the agricultural part of the Patent Office
report is bound and delivered?
Mr. STANTON. Some thirty thousand copies
of the plates have been furnished, and the work
bound and delivered to a portion of the members.
Mr. HAVEN, If that be so, 1 wish to submit
to my friend from Tennessee that he had probably
better withdraw his motion.
Mr. JONES. I did not supposp, when I sub-
mitted the motion, that there would be any ob-
jection to it, or that it would give rise to one mo-
ment's discussion. If I had, I would not have
made the motion; but yesterday, when this sub-
ject was uqder consideration, I did what I con-
ceived to be in accordance with the general feel-
ing of the House. I believed that it was the
unanimous wish of the House, that the documents
should be bound without waiting for the plates
to accompany them. In view of the present state
of the feeling of the House, 1 will withdraw my
motion.
STEAM LINE TO THE SANDWICH ISLANDS.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report back Senate bill,
(No. 411,) "An act to establish a line of steam
mail ships between San Francisco, in California,
and Shanghai, in China, touching at the Sand-
wich Islands, or Japan."
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to the introduction
of the bill out of order.
FOREIGN PAUPERS, ETC.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to submit
a privileged motion. A hill was reported from
the Committee on Commerce, yesterday, by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. West-
worth,] "to prevent the introduction into the
United States of foreign criminals, paupers, idiots,
lunatics, and insane and blind persons," which
was recommitted to theCommittee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed. I move to reconsider
so much of that vote as recommitted that bill to
the Committee on Commerce, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. LATHAM', from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported the following bill, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass:
A bill to continue in force, for a limited time,
the provisions of the act of Congress of the 3d of
March, 1851, and the second section of its sup-
plement of 18th January, 1854, so as to enable
the board of land commissioners in California
to close their adjudications of private land titles
in that State, and for other purposes.
The bill was then read in extenso.
Mr. LATHAM. I would not ask the House
to take, immediate action upon this bill, were it
not for pecnliar circumstances connected with the
land commission. Its duties expire on the 4ih
day of March next, and if any other action is
taken upon this bill, than putting it upon its pas-
sage at the present time, the object of the bill will
be entirely defeated.
The Secretary of the Interior, and the Attor-
ney General of the United States, have both
recommended the provisions of the bill. It more
intimately concerns the interests of the United
States, than it does the interests of the citizens
of the State of California.
The commission, although it has been organ-
ized ever since the 4th of March, 1851, has really
been in session but two and a half years, and in
that time the amount of labor which they have
performed, and which they have had imposed
upon them, is without precedent in the history of
the Government. The number of cases which
have been submitted to them is eight hundred
and thirteen. Of these eight hundred and thirteen
claims they have adjudicated throe hundred and
ninety-seven. Two hundred and ninety-four of
them, which have been passed, contained seven
hundred and twenty-six square leagues of land;
and one hundred and three of them, which have
been rejected, contain one hundred and eighty-
three square leagues of land.
There yet remains to be adjudicated four hun-
dred and sixteen cases, and unless a law similar
to the one now submitted by the Committee on
Public Lands is passed by Congress at its present
session, the cases which as yet remain undisposed
of, after the 4th of March next will fail, and the
Government, and the parties claimants, will all
suffer in their interests. The result will be, that
all those claimants, whose claims shall not be
adjudicated at that time, will be compelled to apply-
to Congress for lehef by special action.
There has been no delinquency on the part of
claimants. They have filed their claims in accord-
ance with the provisions of the statute and the law
passed by Congress, and if the commissioners
fail, for want of time, to adjudicate upon them,
will it not, as a matter of course, constitute a good
foundation for an application for the actior. of this
body?
Now, then, Mr. Speaker, the board of land
commissioners, which was to adjudicate upon
land claims arising in the Territory of Louisiana,
has been continued for a long series of years, and
as late as the last session of Congiess a law was
passed having relation to questions arising out of
those very claims. But here is a court which
has been in session but two and a half years, and
has had submitted to them in that time an amount
of business quite equal to that which was sub-
mitted to the commissioners of Louisiana claims.
The California commissioners, in the report which
they have made in reference to their business,
state that one of the claims alone submitted to
theiradjudication involves the sum of $36,000,000;
and that many of the claims pending involve large
sums running from millions down to one and two
hundred thousand dollars.
The questions, also, which they are called upon
to {lecide, run through every species of law known
to the civilized,world; the civil law, the common
law, the decrees of various departmental assem-
blies in Spain and Mexico, and upon the validity
of all of which they are called upon to decide.
Hence it is, that'speedy action upon their part is
absolutely impossible. In many instances, ques-
tions are submitted to them which require them
to send to the courts of Spain, or to the Gity of
Mexico, to procure authorities and evidence and
copies of decrees of the respective courts, all bear-
ing upon the cases which they are called upon to
adjudicate.
So much, then, for tlie alleged delays of that
commission. The interest of the United States
is as great as the interest of California; and I ask
this Iiouse, as the guardian of the interests of
both the Government and these claimants, to ex-
tend this commission one year more.
As regards the second section of this bill, I am
aware there will probably be some objection to it
in this House, because I know the jealousy with
