THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 5, 1855.
New Sertss ...No. 12.
roent, and be disposed of as other public kinds are now by
law,'subject to an appeal to the General Land Office.
Sec. 5. •And be it further enacted, That if any individ-
ual now a resident of any one of the States or Territories,
and not a citizen of the United States, but, at the time of
the passage of this act, shall have filed a declaration of
intention as required by the naturalization laws of the
United States, and shall become a citizen of the same
before the issuing' of the patent, as made and provided
for in this act, shall be placed upon an equal footing with
the native- bom citizen of the United States.
Sec. 6 Jlnd be it further cnacledt That no individual
shall be permitted to make more than one entry under the
provisions of thUact; and that the Commissioner of the
General Land Office is hereby required to prepare and issue
such rules and regulations,consistent with this act, aa shall
be necessary and proper to carry its provisions into efFoct;
and that the registers and receivers of the several land offi-
ces shall be entitled to receive the same compensation for
any lands entered under the provisions of this act that they
are now «ntitled to receive when the same quantity of land
is entered wall money, one half to be paid by the person
making the application, at the time of so doing, and the
other half on the i3sue of the certificate by the person to
whom it may be issued: Provided, however^ That all per-
sons entering land under the provisions of this act ehall, as
near as may be practicable, in making such entries, be con-
fined to each alternate quarter section, and to land subject
to prrvate entry: Jlnd provided further, That nothing in
tikis act shall bo so conslrued as to impair or interfere in any
manner whatever with existing preemption rights: Pto-
vided fttrlker, Thai the proviaions of this act shall be so
construed as to authorize the class of persons provided for
• in the foregoing part of this act, who may not own one
hundred and sixty acres of land, to pnter, at the rate of
fourteen and one half cents per acre, any of the public lands
adjoining his or her farm subject to entry at the minimum
price per acre, a quantity, when added to what th^y may
now own, equal to one hundred and sixty acres, provided
he or she shall cultivate the whole or a part thereof.
Mr. DAWSON. I now move to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the House
6o now resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order.
Mr, DAWSON. I believe that I am entitled
to the floor.
Mr. ETHERIDQE. X rise to a privileged
question.
The SPEAI£ER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] rises to a point of order,
and is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 am willing for the motion
to be made to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. But I do not want to
lose the opportunity of presenting a point of
order against this amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, in the present state of the
case. And I only make the matter known now,
that I may not on to-morrow, or whenever the
matter comes up again, be precluded from pre-
senting the point of order that the amendment is
not germane to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The point of order raised by
the gentleman from Alabama will be considered
by the House when the matter comes up again.
Mr. HAMILTON. I now renew my motion
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair. I desire to know whether, if the
motion of the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Hamilton] be adopted, I will not be entitled to
the floor when the question comes up again?
The SPEAKER. When the matter comes up
for discussion the gentleman from Pennsylvania
will be entitled to the floor.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The question of privilege
which I raise, or rather the inquiry which 1 make
of the Chair, is this: Why the amendment which
I proposed to make to the substitute offered by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, when it was
ordered to be printed, should not have been read
with the bill? The bill, or rather the substitute,
hem been read through, and the amendment which
I offered has not been read.
The SPEAKER. The whole matter having
.been, at that time, committed to the Committee on
Public Lands, that committee was empowered to
report a substitute for the original bill; and the
House is now called upon to act upon that report.
The amendment suggested by the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Etheridge] was not really pend-
12 .
ing at the time the matter was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. It was but a sug-
gestion—a notification of his desire to offer an
amendment, which, by the consent of the House,
was. sent to the committee, and ordered to be
printed with the bill and substitute.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I understand that the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Dawson] is, that the substitute which he offers be
recommitted to the Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. There is a pending-motion
to recommit the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands, but the motion now before the House is,
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. LETCHER. I merely wish to say, that
if this proposition be voted down, I shall offer in
lieu of it the proposition of my colleague in the
Senate, [Mr. Hunter.]
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. Will it be in
order to offer a substitute for the substitute pre-
sented by the Committee on Public Lands? .
The SPEAKER. That would not be in order,
as it would be an amendment in the fourth decree.
The motion to recommit, however, cuts off all
motions to amend till another time, or until that
motion be disposed of.
Mr. TAYLOR. Then I give notice that at the
proper time I will offer a substitute for the substi-
tute that has just been read.
Mr. READY. I aslt the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Hamilton] to allow me the privilege
of asking the consent of the House to make a
motion.
Mr. HAMILTON'. Certainly.
Mr. READY. I desire to make a motion to
have a day set apart for the purpose'of consider-
ing in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union a bill, which is No. 493 on the cal-
endar, furthersupplemental to an act entitled "An
act to authorize the payment for property de-
stroyed by the enemy while in the military servicc
of the United States, and for other purposes."
Mr. HAMILTON. That requires the unani-
mous consent of the House.
Mr. READY. I desire to ask the unanimous
consent of the House.
Mr. ORR. Is it the gentleman's desire to have
a special order made as to the taking up of this
bill?
Mr. READY. Yes, sir.
Mr. ORR. Well; at this stage of the session
1 think it is hardly proper to have a special order
made. I therefore object to the gentleman's
motion.
The question was then taken on the motion of
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Hamilton,]
and it was agreed to.
The House thereupon resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Orr in the chair.)
SWAMP AND OVERFLOWED LANDS.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee had
its last sitting, they had under consideration
House bill No. 9, being a bill " for the relief of
purchasers and locators of swamp and overflowed
lands," upon which the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. ICeitt] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. KE1TT then addressed the committee
during an hour, in examining and denouncing the
principles of the Know-Nothing order. His
remarks, withheld for revision, will be published
in the Appendix.
Mr. CLINGMAN next addressed the commit-
tee upon the subject of tendering the good offices of
the United States in an effort to settle amicably
the difficulties existing between the European
Allies and the Russian Government. His remarks,
withheld for revision, will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, obtained the
floor, but yielded it temporarily to
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I do not rise, Mr.
Chairman, to make a speech in reply to the gen-"
tleman from North Carolina, my colleague upon
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, or to review
anything which has fallen from him. Cut he has
made some remarks which render it proper that E
should say a word or two. He has referred to
the fact that a great deal of speculation has taken
place in the newspapers in respect to the resolu-
tion presented to the House by him, and referred
to the committee of which I have the honor to be
chairman.
I believe I can say with entire confidence that,
from feelings of humanity, there is no member of
this House and no person connected with this
Government who would not be glad to see an end
put to this war; but with nations as with individ-
uals, it is a very delicate matter to offer mediation
between parties at war with each other. I have
reason to believe, and can say to this House with
entire confidence in my sources of information,
that from the proper quarter overtures were made
upon the partof this Government in respect to
this matter, and that upon the whole, it was ndt
•thought advisable for us to interfere at all. Such
being the case, I shall'not be prepared to sustain
the proposition to mediate on this occasion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg leave to say, in ex-
planation, that that fact was not communicated
to myself, and my friend from Virginia, at the
meeting of our committee, ten days since, when
the committee favored the proposition. We
learned it within a few days past-
Mr. BARrKSDALE. My colleague [Mr. Har-
ris] does not wish to speak this#' evening. I
therefore move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
progress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, offered the usual
resolution closing thedebate, in the Committeeofthe
Whole on the state of the Union, upon the swamp
land bill, in one hour after the committee should
resume the consideration of the same, and de-
manded the previous question.
And then, on motion by Mr. LETCHER, the
House (at ten minutes past three o'clock, p. m.,)
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 4, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Mil.burn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the memorial
of Howard & Co., of Buffalo, New York, remon-
strating against the renewal of the patents granted
to Cyrus II. McCormick and Obed Hussey, for
improvements in reaping machines; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. ADAMS presented the petition of John
Ilolohan, praying to be paid for a pilaster capital,
executed by him for the United States Capitol
extension, by order of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
David Benjamin, son and one of the heirs of
Lieutenant Samuel Benjamin, an officer in the
revolutionary war, praying that his heirs may be
allowed the commutation to which he was entitled;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of
Joshua Mercer, praying to be allowed a pension,
to commence from the time the pension he formerly
received was discontinued; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a petition of citizens of Tampa, Florida,
praying an appropriation for coppered stakes to
mark out the channel of Hillsborough bay and
river, from the Big Oyster bar to the town of
Tampa, and a beacon on Long bar, at the entrance
of the river channel; which wag referred to (he
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WADE presented the memorial of Robert
C. Schenck, asking an appropriation for the com-
