178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
penaation of his services aa envoy extraordinary
and minister plenipotentiary on special missions
to the Argentine Confederation and the Oriental
Republic of Uruguay, in the years 1852 and 1853;
which, together with sundry papers on file, was
referred to the Committee oil Foreign Relations.
Mr. WELLER. I present the memorial of
Isaac Williams, of California, who emigrated to
that State in the year 1831, and was possessed of
a large amount of property there. His premises
were occupied by the American troops, under the
orders of Colonel Fremont, during the Mexican
war. They were attacked by the Mexicans, and
a large amount of his property was destroyed.
That property was destroyed in consequence of
the fact that his houses were occupied by the
United States troops. A portion of the claims of
the memorialist were presented to the board which
was organized to ad just what are commonly called
the Fremont battalion claims,and some of them
were allowed by that board; but under the act or-
ganizing them, they had no authority to pay them,
as they were confined to payment for supplies fur-
nished. I move that the memorial be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
IMMIGRATION OF FOREIGNERS.
_ Mr. SUMNER. I have in my hand a memo-
rial of citizens of Massachusetts, setting forth at
some length the evils of foreign immigration,
particularly of Catholics, and proceeding at length
to declare that a remedy for those evils cannot be
found in any modification of the existing natural-
ization laws; and finally concluding with a prayer
that Congress would pass a law imposing a head-
tax of not less than $250 on every immigrant
hereafter arriving from any foreign country, to-
gether with suitable provisions for refunding the
same on their departure. As the bill of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Adams,] relative to our
naturalization laws, was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, I move that this memorial
be referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That WiiUam Field have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That Jonathan D. Ferris have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr.TOUCEY, from the Committee on Finance,
to whom were referred sundry petitions on the
subject, together with a bill granting to railroad
companies three years in which to pay the duties
on iron imported for railroad purposes, submitted
an adverse report thereon.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives, making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy, for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1856, reported it
back with sundry amendments. lie gave notice
that he should call it up for action as soon as the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
should be in his place.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. ADAMS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill to provide
for the satisfaction of Choctaw reservations under
the nineteenth article of the treaty of Dancing
Rabbit Creek, of September, 1830; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
CALIFORNIA LAND COMMISSION.
A message xvasj received from the Horse of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had passed a bill " to continue
in force, for a limited time, the provisions of the
act of Congress of the 3d of March, 18ol, and j
the second section of its supplement of the 18th of
January, ]S>54, so as to enable the board of land
commissioners m California to close their adjudi-
cations of private land titles in that State, and for
other purposes."
Mr. GWiN. I ask that the bill which has
just been received from the House of Represent-
atives may be taken up and passed immediately.
Its object is to continue the board of land com-
missioners in California for one year from the 3d
of March next, when, according to existing laws,
the commission will expire. It is important that
this should be done promptly. A similar bill
passed this body early in the session; but the
House have passed a separate bill of their own.
I hope there will be no objection to taking it up
and acting upon it now.
The bill was read twice by its title, and can-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole, reported
to the Senate without amendment, ordered to a
third reading, read a third time, and passed. .
EXTENSION OF THE BOUNTY LAND LAWS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill " in addition to certain acts granting bounty
land to certain officers and soldiers who have been
engaged in the military service of the United
States." Mr. Clayton, yesterday, offered the
following amendment, to beadded to the fourth
section:
Provided, That no lands entered and paid for by war-
rants issued under the provisions of this act, in the name
of any assignee or assignees of such warrants, shall be sold
m a quantity exceeding six hundied and forty acres in
a contiguous tracl, nor shall any one person entering and
paying for lands with such assigned warrants, be entitled
to thus enter and pay for more than one thousand two hun-
dred and eighty acres of land within any one township.
Mr. Dodge, of Iowa, moved to amend that
amendment, by striking out " twelve hundred and
eighty," and inserting " six hundred and forty;"
arid the pending question was on this amendment
to the amendment; on which Mr. Dodge, of Iowa,
called for the yeas and nays, and they were or-
dered.
Mr. CHASE. I hope the Senator from Dela-
ware will acquiesce in the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Iowa. It is quite true, sir, that Ohio
cannot now claim to be one of the land States.
We have been dealt with, as w? think, very
harshly. A less amount of land within that State
has been granted for internal improvements than
in any other, while we have paid into the public
Treasury, for lands, a much larger sum than has
been paid by any other State. On a former occa-
sion I made an investigation into this subject, and
I ascertained that Ohio had paid to the' General
Government, and to the grantees of the General
Government, for the lands within her limits, no
less a sum than §33,000,000. It is an enormous
sum to be paid by the cultivators of the soil, for the
■simple privilege of extracting from the soil the
resources of agriculture, and adding them to the
common wealth of the country.
But, sir, although we of Ohio have now no in-
terest iu this, we know perfectly well what has been
the effect of the purchase of large tracts of lands
in contiguous bodies, upon the population of our
States. There are portions of the State in which
population has been delayed to this day—notwith-
standing we were admitted into the Union in 1802
—in consequence of this very evii. We sympa-
thize, therefore, with new States which are ex-
posed to the same evil; and we are anxious that
if a bill of this sort shall receive the sanction of the
Senate, the lands shall be taken up in small quan-
tities, As the Senator from Delaware proposes,
I would not have more than one tract located in
any one township; I think that proposition is an
exceedingly good one; and I am greteful to the
Senator for having introduced it; but to authorize
the location in such large tracts as six hundred
and forty acres in one body, and twelve hundred
and eighty acres in a single township, will, I am
afraid, defeat the very beneficent object of the
Senator himself. I trust, therefore, that in view
of all the circumstances, he will consent to the
modification proposed by the Senator from iowa,
which will certainly make the bill more acceptable
to some members on this side of the Chamber.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, in reply to
the honorable Senator from Ohio, I have this to
say: 1 am very apprehensive that I may not be
able to get the amendment passed at all; but very
confident am I that if it is cut down in the manner
proposed by the gentleman from Iowa, so as not
to allow the purchasers of these land warrants to
locate in any one spot more than three hundred
and twenty acres, I shall lose theamendmentalto-
gether, and it ought to be lost if it be restricted to
that extent. Permission ought to bs given to the
men who own these warrants, to locate them in
spots containing at least six hundred and forty
acres. If this be not done, the value of the war-
rants will be essentially diminished in the market.
I have reflected on the subject, and I can go no
further than is proposed in my original amend-
ment; and I now warn the representatives of the
new States on this floor, that if they should suc-
ceed in carrying the motion of the Senator from
Iowa, to reduce the quantity from six hundred and
forty to three hundred and twenty acres, they
jeopard the whole amendment.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, there
was a statement made yesterday by the honorable
Senator from Delaware, respecting the size of the
farms in the West, in reference to which I beg to
inform him he is very greatly mistaken. If you
look at the returns in the General Land Office,
you will find that nearly two thirds of the public
land sold is entered in forty and in eighty acre
tracts. Especially is that the case where the en-
tries are legitimate, and are made for actual settle-
ment. If you examine the returns made by the
Land Office during those years when the Govern-
ment disposed of about a million and a half or
two millions of dollars worth of land, (as was the
case from the time of the commercial revulsion of
1837 and 1838 down to the expansion of the cur-
rency since the discovery of gold in California, and
the rise in prices which it brought about, and the
immense issue of land warrants in late years,) you
find that by far the greatest proportion of sales
were in tracts of forty acres, eighty acres, and
one hundred and sixty acres. These are the
largest entries that are ever made by actual resi-
dents and cultivators,"though, of course, those
who buy the lands upon speculation, and pay for
them with land warrants, locate them in large
quantities. I hope and trust that the amendment
to the amendment will be adopted, and that my
friend from Delaware will withdraw his opposi-
tion to it.
The yeas and nays were taken on the amend-
ment to the amendment, with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Atcliison, Bright, Butler,
Cass, Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa. Doug-
las, Gwin, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Maiiory, Mason,
Norris, Rusk, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, Sumner, Toueey,
Wade, and Weller—24.-
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Brainerd, Brodhead. Clay-
ton, Dawson, Evans, Fessenden, Foot, Gillette, James,
Jones of Tennessee, Pearce, Rockwell, and Toombs—15.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Clayton as amended.
Mr. CLAYTON. It was no part of my object,
in moving the amendment which ( offered, to de-
stroy the value of the warrants, as this proposition
will do. I was a sincere friend of the bill. 1
thought its passage in the other House would be
more easily secured by the adoption of such an
amendment as I proposed; but I am very well
satisfied that the restriction imposed by the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa, is such aa must
seriously affect the value of these land warrants;
and therefore I am compelled to vote against the
whole amendment. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment as amended.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER called for the reading of the
amendment as amended; and it was read, as fol-
lows:
Prodded, That nolands entered and paid for by warrants
issued under the provisions of this act, in the name of any
assignee or assignees of such warrants, shall be sold in a
quantity exceeding three hundred and twenty acres in a con-
tiguous tract; nor shall any one person entering and paying
for lands with such assigned warrants be entitled to ihua
enter and pay for more than six Hundred and forty acres of
land within any one township.
Mr. CLAYTON. That, I think, will destroy
the value of the land warrants, and make them
almost worthless. I will not, however, go into
the argument of the question. I say, again, I am a
sincere friend of the biil, and I look on this amend-
ment, in its present form, as fatal to the bill.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am sorry that the
Senator will not state how and in what way this
provision will destroy the value of the land war-
rants. I should like to hear the argument to show
that it will depreciate the value of those warrants.
I am anxious now, if this bill passes, that we
should stipulate that when the warrants fall to a
given price—say half the Government price of the .
land—money shall be paid for them. I offered
that amendment,and I intend to renew it, in order
to prevent these land warrants from going down
to nothing. I am sincerely anxious, if the bill
passes, that the warrant shall be to the old soldier
