1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
who receives it -what it purports to be—worth
something to him. But I would ask how is it
possibe that this restriction, which prevents the
assignee of a warrant from locating more than
three hundred and twenty acres in one'compact
body, and six hundred and forty acres in any
township, will be calculated to depreciate the land
warrant?' Not at all. It is only calculated to
spread the entries over a larger surface, and to
prevent particular townships and counties from
being doomed to non-settlement, and from being
passed over in the march of improvement. We
all know that this is the case in the western coun-
try, where non-residents own the lands. You
know it, Mr. President; and i know it. It is to
guard against this evil that I have proposed the
.restriction.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, by the pro-
visions of the amendment, as it now stands, one
man, holding no matter how many of these land
warrants, cannot locate more than six hundred
and forty acres in one township, and he cannot
locate more than three hundred and twenty acres
in any contiguous tract. Under such circum-
stances, it seems to me it must readily occur to
the mind of my friend from Iowa, that a person
holding these warrants in any considerable quan-
tity, will find great inconvenience in locating them.
He will be compelled to go into many townships,
and, perhaps, into different States, to find spots
where he can locate. That must necessarily affect
the value of the warrants in the market. It is be-
cause it depreciates them, and must necessarily
depreciate them, that I am driven to abandon all
hope of pursuing such an amendment to this bill.
I offered an amendment which, I thought, would
have obviated the great difficulty that I felt, and
which I was anxious to meet. I pointed it out to
other gentlemen in the debate, and the amendment
I proposed originally would, I think, have met
it. That evil was, that persons holding these
land warrants ir\ great quantities might locate
them upon land in the new States in one body,
and might, by withholding them from sale, effect-
ually prevent the settlement of that part of the
country. That I wished to prevent; but the
amendment, as it now stands, goes too far, and I
cannot support it. The matter may not appear to
the Senator from Iowa as it does to me, but it
seems to me to be evident that a measure restricted
so greatly as this now is, must most materially
diminish the value of the land warrants.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment as amended, resulted—yeas 23,
nays 14; as follows:
YEA!?— Messrs. Adams, Alton, Bright, Biltlor, Cn'i,
day, I)nii2i: nl' Wisconsin, Dod;o of Iowa, Jlouulas, Cil-
lelte, Civil], J,>lmtm>, Jones of Iowa, AIall ry, Noriis, Rusk,
Se.tiaslian, Shdell, .Smart, Kumner, Tmieey, Wade, and
Wcller—
NAYS—Messrs. Badjsor, Bell, Brainerd, Brodlioail, Clay-
ton, llavvson, Evan-, Fessenden, Koot, James, Jones of
Tailless.e, Pearte, Rockwell, and Tooinba—11.
So it was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I movcto amend the bill
by inserting, in the first section, afier " United
States," the words, "or any armed force called
out by any State, for the protection of its terri-
tory, and whose services have been paid for by
the United States."
I will state, briefly, what particular class of
cases this amendment is intended to cover. In my
own State, at the time of the difficulties arising on
the northeastern boundary, some years since, in
order to repel what was, in fact, an invasion, it
became necessary at once to raise an armed force.
There was no time to call out the militia, or the
regular military force. An ormed force was there-
fore raised for that purpose, and they served for a
considerable length of time. In previous acts they
have been recognized, and their services have been
paid for by the United States, in the same way
that they paid the militia who were afterwards
regularly called out. These men rendered the
same, and, in fact, greater service, because they
were out for a greater length of time than the mi-
litia, if I am njhtly informed. They have been
recognized by the Government of the United States
as proper persons to be paid; and I do not see
any reason for excluding them from this bounty.
I will state, moreover, that, under a previous
bounty land bill—the act of 1852Tthe larger por-
tion of them received bounty lands, according to
the first construction given to the act; but, befoie
they all received warrants, a new construction was
put upon the act by a new officer, leaving a por-
tion of them in a condition different from their
fellow-soldiers^—if I may call them such—and they
received no warrants. This amendment is de-
signed to put them on an equality, for they are
equally meritorious. Although they were not
strictly in the military service of the Government,
they were an armed force, called out by the State,
and they have since been paid by the United States,
as I before stated. I believe the same remark ap-
plies to some other States, where an armed force
was called out in an emergency, and under some-
what similar circumstances. But I am not pre-
cisely aware to what number of States it applies.
Mr. FOOT. I desire to offer a further amend-
ment to the first section of the bill, or as a modi-
fication of the amendment offered by the honora-
ble Senator from Maine, which I venture to pre-
sume he will readily accept as a part of his own
proposition, the object of which is to embrace
within the provisions of this act the volunteers
who went to Plattsburg, at the time of its invasion
by the British troops from Canada, in September,
1813. While the bill, as it now stands, offers a
bounty in land to every man, or in case of his
death, to his widow, or children, who has ever
been called into the military service of the country,
and been regularly mustered and paid by the
United-States, no matter for how brief a period,
or how unimportant his services may have been,
although he may have been a regular soldier only
in name, and served but for a single day, it ex-
cludes, by the operation of these very conditions,
those volunteers who have rushed to the rescue
of the country at the time of pressing emergency
and impending danger, as did the volunteers at the
battle of Plattsburg. There was then no time for
delay. The enemy were suddenly upon as; they
were within our own borders, and our own citi-
zens, helpless and defenseless, with their house-
holds, were fleeing before them. The emergency
was a sudden and a great one, and the danger im-
minent and pressing. All the adjacent country
was aroused by the sudden alarm, and there was
no time to be lost in regularly enrolling and mus-
tering men into the service. Ail who were able to
bear arms within the compass of fifty or a hun-
dred miles, or more, shouldered their muskets,
rushed forward to meet the enemy, and to drive
them from our borders, without waiting to be reg-
ularly enrolled and mustered into the service. The
fanners left their harvests in the field; all classes
of people left their employments and their homes,
and went to the scene of danger and of conflict.
My honorable and worthy colleague [Mr. Brai-
nkrd] was of that number.
The enemy at the time were at Plattsburg with
an army of regular troops, to the amount of
twelve or fourteen thousand, while upon the
American side, the regular force at Plattsburg, at
the time, under General Macomb, did not exceed
probably some seven or eight hundred. Volun-
teers from all the adjacent country, upon the first
alarm being sounded, rushed forward to the
scene of danger and conflict, to the number of as
many thousands. An engagement immediately
followed. The enemy were routed and driven
back into Canada;the victory was won, and the
fortunes of that day were saved to the country by
these very volunteers.
The battle of-Plattsburg, sir, marks an era in
the history of this country. The work was accom-
plished; the enemy were driven from our borders;
quiet was restored; and the volunteers returned to
their homes and their families. They were absent
in that campaign some twenty, twenty-five, or
thirty days, more or less, according to their dis-
tance from home. They bore their own expenses
in going to the place of battle and returning home;
those expenses varying from twenty-five to a hun-
dred dollars and more. Many of them were killed
in battle; many more of them were wounded; all
of them suffered more or less from fatigue and
hardship; and, with the exception of a single regi-
ment, not a dollar have they or their families ever
received from the bounty or the justice of the
country. The very fact of their not having been
paid by the United States presents a consideration
in favor of extending to them the benefits of this
btll rather than to exclude them from it. These
volunteers rendered quite as signal and important
service to the country as many a regular who has
been paid by the United Slates, and, therefore, is
included within the beneficial provisions of the bill.
The objection to this proposition, and the only
one I can anticipate, is that their names, not being
found upon any pay or muster-roll, it will become
necessary to resort to parol testimony in proof of
their services, and that this will open a wider
door to imposition and fraud upon the Govern-
ment. That frauds are practiced to some extent
under all your pension and bounty land acts, is
not to be denied; but this has not been, and ought
not to be regarded as a sufficient reason for with-
holding the bounty of the Government from those
who are deemed deserving of it. The argument
will apply with equal force to any claim upon the
Government resting entirely upon parol proof.
The proof in this, as in all cases, must be made to
the satisfaction of the Department, and be brought
within such stringent rules and regulations as may
be established for the purpose of preventing frauds
upon the Government. Very many applications
for pensions and bountylands under existing laws,
more or less, rest on parol proof. The term of ser-
vice, personal identity, and many other material
facts necessarily rest in parol. In many instances
the pay or muster-roll is wanting, has been lost,
or has never been furnished; but the application
is not rejected for this cause, and upon this ac-
count. The applicant is permitted to make out
his evidence by parol in full; and if it be satisfac-
tory to the Department, his claim is allowed, and
rigntly allowed, in the absence of any pay or mus-
ter-roll.
This class of citizens, admitted,upon all hands,
to have proved themselves as worthy, and meri-
torious, and patriotic as any other, ought not,
certainly, to be excluded from the beneficial pro-
visions of a bill intended to be as general and as
comprehensive as this, merely upon the appre-
hension that the Government may not be able to
protect itself as fully, and with as much certainty
under this, as under any other provisions through
which the public Treasury or the public lands are
to be reached.
I hope, therefore, that my friend from Maine
[Mr. Fessenden] will accept my proposition as
a part of his own, and that the Senate will agree
to it. 1 do not propose to discuss the general
principles or policy of this bill. I shall vote for
it, not merely as a bounty act, but also upon the
consideration that it is the best attainable measure
towards an equitable distribution of the public
lands.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, the pro-
visions of this bill have already been very much
enlarged. We all admit that, and many of the
friends of the bill think it has been so much en-
larged as to hazard its safety, if not in this body,
in the House of Representatives. The honorable
Senators from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] and
from Vermont [Mr. Foot], propose still further
to enlarge it, but I think we had better not en-
large it any more. There were some regiments
in New England who refused to march beyond
their State lines, if I recollect aright. I do not say
that the soldiers referred to by the two Senators
who have last spoken are in that category; but,
sir, if we open the door which they propose, if we
adopt the amendments which they offer, we shall
have to pay, and ought to pay, the volunteers who
were called out in the New England States, and
who refused to come under the United States au-
thority. 1 know that there were some regiments
in New England who refused to march beyond
the State lines.
A Senator. They had constitutional scruples.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It seems, sir, that they
had constitutional scruples against coming under
the United States authority, because they thought
the war ought uotto have been declared. I hope,
although it may do injustice to the meritorious
gentlemen who are so ably represented by the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] that we will
not adopt any more amendments, or, at any rate,
not further enlarge the provisions of the bill.
Mr. BELL. I should be very sorry, Mr. Pres-
ident, to urge, or give my support to, any prop-
osition which would endanger any portion of this
bill, which it may be considered very desirable
should be passed into a law; but 1 think, unless
the provisions of the bill, or the terms in which
they are expressed, shall be very materially
changed, it will be highly proper that an amend-
ment more extensive than that proposed by the
Senator from Maine, and the one proposed by the
Senator from "Vermont, shall be ingrafted upon
