1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
tiered that service, and been placed upon the foot-
ing of those who performed military service, there
seems to be no reason why this bounty, whether
it is intended as a recognition of services, the re-
ward of patriotism, or a distribution of the public
lands, should not be extended to them as well as
to those men who were regularly enrolled and
mustered into the service of the United States.
Let me say to the Senator from Pennsylvania,
further, that his own bill covers the case of the
Massachusetts militia referred to, if there was
any such case—although I have never understood
that the militia of Massachusetts themselves re-
fused to march beyond the limits of the State.
The difficulty was of another kind—between the
President and the Governor of the State. The
bill provides for all who had been called into the
service of the United States, and regularly mus-
tered or called out by any State or Territory for
military service. His own bill would apply to
that case, and not my amendment; and X repeat,
that under the construction of the act of 1852,
most of those men have already received bounty
lands to a certain extent, and the residue of them
only failed by a-new construction arising from
having a new officer in charge of the matter.
I have no objection to the amendment of the
honorable Senator from Tennessee. I recognize
the force of the remarks which he has made, and
I shall vote for anything containing the leading
•idea of that amendment with great pleasure; and
I would willingly adopt it as a substitute for my
own, if it would accomplish my purpose.
The bill ought, however, in my judgment, to
be amended, by striking out the words "regularly
mustered therein," which are new words, not in-
serted in the bill of 1852, however it may have
been in other bills, and also the words, " and
■whose services have been paid by the United
States."
I see no reason—except such as might arise
from the manner of proof, and the difficulty that
might exist with reference to making out the
cases—to draw a line of discrimination between
those whose services have been paid, and those
whose services have not been paid, unless it is in
favor of those whose services have not been paid
for by the United States. Whether the intention
be to reward them, or to accomplish the general
object of getting rid of the lands, by giving a
bounty to each person thus employed, or those
rendering services, there certainly is the best rea-
son in the world why the men who have never
received anything should have the bounty, as well
as those who have been paid. 1 do not recogni/.e
that discrimination. It ought not to be found ill
the bill; and I am perfectly willing to vote for an
amendment to do away with it. Nevertheless,!
do not now propose it, because it is not necessary
for my purpose. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to the proposition I make, for it is very iim-
ited in extent, and very just, and one that has been
heretofore recognized and acted upon.
Mr. BADGER. I should like to hear the
amendment of the Senator from Maine read as
modified.
The amendment was read. It is to insert in
the first section, among those who are to be en-
titled to the benefits of the bill, the following:
" Or any armed force employed by any State for the pio-
teetion nf us territory, and whose services liiive been paid
for l.y the United States, or who went aa volunteers at tlie
invasion ot Ptattsburg by British troops in September, 1813. 
Mr. BADGER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words, "and whose ser-
vices have been paid for by the United States."
Mr. FE3SENDEN. That can be struck out
of the original bill.
Mr. BRODIIEAD. There is an amendment
to the amendment already pending.
The PRESIDENT. That has been accepted
by the Senator from Maine, and the question now
is on the amendment of the Senator from North
Carolina.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope thatwill not be
agreed to. The words " mustered into the ser-
vice," and "paid by the United States,were
inserted to enable the Department to ascertain,by
record evidence, who did serve. "Why, sir, it
would be impossible for the pension bureau to
execute.si his law, if you do not provide for some-
thing like record evidence.
Mr. BADGER. The troops which theamend-
meut provides for are those who/were called out
by the authority of the States, not people who
collected themselves together in an unorganized
military band, but troops called out under the
authority of the States. Now, sir, although the
archives of the United States may not furnish
record evidence who those troops were, because
in certain cases they were not paid by the United
States, yet if they were called out under the au-
thority of a State, and paid by a State, the archives
of that State will furnish just the sarrie gvidence
in regard to the payment and the men entitled, as
the archives of the United States, if they were
paid by the United States. I see, therefore, no
objection to my amendment; and certainly upon
principle the class of claimants who were called
out by the States in a case of sudden emergency,
to protect the community to which they belonged,
if there is to be any distinction, are better entitled
to the provisions of this bill, when they have re-
ceived nothing from the United States, than.those
persons who were called out by a State under
precisely the same circumstances, and have already
received pay from the United States. I cannot
understand, sir, why these words v.'ere inserted
in the bill, except for the purpose mentioned by
the Senator from Pennsylvania as furnishing a
criterion by which to ideiitify those who were
entitled. And as I have said, if those military
persons were called out by the authority of a
State, and paid by the authority of a State, it
would give just the same facility for ascertaining
who are the persons entitled aa is given in the
other instance.
Mr. CASS. A bill like this, so comprehensive,
and which, in my opinion, changes very much the
policy of the Government, ought to be examined
attentively. Now, sir, there is a point, evidently
connected with this, a historical point, with which
we are all acquainted, that should be guarded
against. There were troops called out by the
authority of States during the war, who were not
placed at the disposition ol the UmtedStates. They
were refused to be placed under that disposition.
We all know that, and you would not give them
bounty land from the United States, would you ?
Every body knows about the contest between Mr.
Madison and the Governor of Massachusetts, in
1812, when the Governor refused to place the State
troops under the control of an officer of the United
States. Itwascontended.andstrangelycontended,
at that day, that no man could command the
armed militia of the United States but the Presi-
dent of the United States in person, and, therefore,
the militia of Massachusetts, of New York, of
Connecticut, and so on, when called to act together
should each be commanded, independently, by
their own militia officer, unless the President of
the United States were to take the command. The
President would not accept the troops under these
circumstances, ltwasacontestedquestion,strange
as it may appear at this day, but I believe it is
settled now, and no man would raise such a ques-
tion again.
I suppose none of us would be for giving bounty
lands to troops of that description called out under I
these circumstances; therefore I think such cases '
should be guarded against. I will say, in corrob-
oration of what fell from the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, the object of requiring pay or muster-
rolls is to have tnem serve as checks, and to let us
know who did serve. The officer had his muster-
roll, the men were before him, and he could tell
whether A B, C D, and so on, were there. That
muster-roll is good evidence on the point; but if j
you resort to parol evidence in regard to services,
from the days of the Revolution down to the
present, I do not know where you are going to.
Mr. BADGER. There is no particular magic
in a soldier being called out by the United States.
Suppose he was called out by the authority of a
State, and State officers commanded him, how is
a muster-roll to be obtained in one of the Depart-
ments of the General Government?
Mr. CASS. I merely say a roll, a muster-roll
of men in the service of a State under the United
States authority. I would never vote to pay those
who refused to come into the service of the United
States during the war—never. I see no reason
for it. They may have been mustered into the
service of a State twenty times; but if they refused
to be placed at the disposition of the General Gov-
ernment for the common defense of the country, I
would not give them a cent.
Mr. PRATT. There is a portion of the ori-
ginal bill which must be amended before I can give
it my support. It is in connection with the amend-
ment just proposed by the Senator from North
Carolina. It will be found in the first section,
where the benefit of the act is limited to those
" whose services have been paid for by the United
States." Now, the argument of theSenators from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Brodhead] and from Mich-
igan [Mr. Cass] is, that this is essential for th#
purpose of identifying the party who served. If
the honorable Senators will observe the provision
of the bill, I think they will find there is sufficient
to identify them without the additional provision
to which I have adverted. It is only to make the
grant to those troops whewere" called into mil-
itary service, and regularly mustered therein."
Now, if the proposed troops have been regularly
called and mustered into the service of the United
States, the Department of the Federal Government
can furnish evidence of the fact, that they were so
mustered; for most of the rolls are there; and,
therefore, this addition, which provides that un-
less they have been also paid by the United States,
they shall not receive this bounty, is, in my judg-
ment, not only unnecessary, but is entirely wrong
in principle, as has been correctly said by the
honorable Senator from North Carolina, in the
observation which he has just made.
Can any man tell me why, except for the isolated
purpose of identifying the object of the bounty,
we should say that a man who has- fought the
battles of the country without being paid, should
not receive a bounty as well as the man who has
fought and has been paid? Except, therefore, for
the reason assigned by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, there is none in favor of striking out those
words. If you were to make any difference, it
should be in favor of a party who had not been
paid.
Mr. BRODHEAD. You would include de-
serters.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator says I would take
in persons who had been mustered and had de-
serted. I would do no such thing; but if they
have been mustered into the service of the United
States, the muster-roll will furnish the evidence of
their having been in the service, and they are
entitled to the bounty provided by the bill, although
they may not have been paid.
Now, Mr. President, I should have no objec-
tion, if the words proposed to be stricken out are
excluded, to provide, by an express provision,
that no deserter shall receive bounty; and, to an-
swer the argument of my friend from Michigan
in reference to the amendment which is immedi-
ately pending, I should also consent that a provis-
ion should be made to exclude the idea that any
party should be entitled to a bounty, who was
not put under the authority of the United States.
I am willing to provide that no bounty shall be
received by such persons, under the provisions
of the bill. I believe both objects can be provided
for by express provision; but it is essential to the
bill that "the words proposed to be stricken out
by the Senator from North Carolina should be
stricken out.
Now, sir, a few words in regard to the effect of
the bill in regard to the State of Maryland. It
will be recollected that, at the last session of Con-
gress, a bill was passed by the Senate to refund to
that State the money which she advanced for th#
pay of her troops called out for the military ser-
vice of the United States during the war of 1812;
but it has not yet been passed by the other branch
of the National Legislature. Until that bill shall
have become a law, the Federal Government will
not have paid the troops of the State of Maryland
who served the United States in the war of 1812;
and hence all the troops of Maryland, who served
in that war, would be excluded by the provisions
of this bill as it originally stood. It is, therefore,
essential that this bill should be amended by
striking out the words " who have been paid by
the United States," in order that the constituency
of my colleague and myself may.receive the bene-
fits of it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Were they not in th?
regular service ?
Mr. PRATT. They were; but they were paid
by the State of Maryland. At the last session
you passed a bill to refund to that State the money
which she advanced for that purpose, but it has
not yet been passed by the other House, and, con-
sequently, all the militia of Maryland, in the war
