182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
of 1812, having been paid by that State, and not
by the United States, would be excluded from the
provisions of this bill as it stands.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If the bill which we have
passed for the relief of the State of Maryland
should receive the sanction of the House of Rep-
resentatives, the class of soldiers alluded to by my
friend from Maryland will be provided for fay this
bill in its original fojrm. But, sir, 1 have risen for
the purpose of saying that if every little squad of
soldiers who ever rendered military service under
State or county authority is to be included in the
bill, and if it is necessary to insert such provisions
in order to obtain the votes of Senators for the
bill, it might as well be abandoned at once. This
bill cannot be executed at the Departments if you
extend its provisions as proposed by the Senator
from Tennessee, and other Senators.
Mr. PRATT. I do not know what the Sena-
tor refers to when he speaks of little squads of
soldiers or militia. I believe that, in the war of
1812, Maryland furnished the United States with
more soldiers than did Pennsylvania, and they
fought as bravely.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I did not allude to the
soldiers of Mary land.
Mr. PRATT. And yet under the provisions
of this bill, 1 say, the soldiers of Maryland are
excluded from the proposed bounty. The Sena-
tor says he objects to this amendment because it
is to include little squads of soldiers. Why, sir,
all the soldiers of Maryland in the war of 1812
are excluded by the provisions of the bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I was speaking of the
amendment pending before the Senate, and not of
the one now alluded to by the Senator from Mary-
land. I mentioned the general effect of adding all
the extensive amendments which have been sug-
gested; and 1 submit again to the Senate whether
the bill will not be hazarded, whether it will be of
any practical service, whether it can be executed
by the Departments if we adopt all those amend-
ments. It was not my intention in drafting this
bill to exclude the soldiers of Maryland, who ren-
dered such valuable service during the war of
1812. I believe they will be included in its pro-
visions. I presume the bill to which the Senator
from Maryland referred will pass the House of
Representatives, and then they certainly will be
included, because they wilt have been paid by the
Government of the United States. But, sir, the
immediate question is on the amendment of the
Senator from North Carolina. 1 object to that,
because it is necessary, for us to make some
provision which will require record evidence of
service, and because 1 learn from gentlemen who
have been to the Pension Bureau that it will be
impossible to execute the bill if we depart from
the language which it is proposed to strike out.
Mr. PRATT. 1 have a suggestion to nuke to
the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden ] If
he will add to his amendment the words " to be
evidenced by the muster-roll of the State calling
ouch troops into service," he will remove the
objection which occurs to my mind in regard to
the possibility of identifying the objects of the
bounty. I shall consent to support his amend-
ment, if he will point out in it some mode by
which the objects of the bounty can be identified.
Let him require, as evidence, the muster-roll of
the State. The bill requires it to be the muster-
roll of the United States.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, there is no
real difficulty, i apprehend, in regard to this ques-
tion, which seems to disturb my friend from Penn-
sylvania. He says that if this amendment be
adopted, and the bill, as thus amended, should
pass both Houses, the law, so far as these cases
are concerned, cannot be executed. If so, what
harm is done? If it cannot be executed, it will
remain precisely as if the provision which we now
propose to strike out were left in the bill. But,
sir, in ail cases where the muster-rolls of the State
show the persons called into service under the
authority of the State, as 1 have already said, there
can be no more 'difficulty in executing it, than
where the persons were received into the service
of the United States, and entered on the muster-
rolls of the United States. 1'hat is apparent to
every gentleman here. Then, if there be any
cases in which there are no muster-rolls, and in
which there is no method of authenticating the
persons called into service, it is harmless; because,
as my friend from Pennsylvania says, in that
respect, and as to those cases, the law cannot be
executed; and, if it cannot be executed, it is the
same as if it were not passed.
But, Mr. President, it seems to me that we
have now got into deep waters, and muddy waters.
My friend from Pennsylvania has the idea that if
the bill be put in the shape which my amendment
proposes, we had better give up the whole bill.
Under such circumstances, had we not better take
a night to consider whether we shall allow bounty
land to those persona who have not been paid by
the United States, as well as those who have been
so paid; or whether, rather than do that, it is bet-
ter to let the whole bill go? 1 am a very sincere
friend of the bill, and should be very sorry if the
latter alternative should be arrived at. I suggest,
however, to you, sir, and to the Senate, that the
body is thin, the day is cloudy, the question is
difficult, the discussion is confused; I think, there-
fore, we had better adjourn. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion for a few moments.
Mr WELLER. There is a necessity for an
Executive session.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
North Carolina withdraw his motion?
Mr. BADGER. I do, sir; I cannot resist the
entreaties of my friends.
Mr. BUTLER. The bill to modify and amend
the judicial system of the United States was made
the special order for to-day. This is the third day
on which, after having been made the special or-
der, it has been overslaughed. It is a remarkable
fact that it has been put out of its place on each
occasion by propositions to distribute the public
lands, either m ttie form of homestead bills, or
bounty bil's. Two days were set apart for it at
the last session, but it was not then taken up. I
now give notice that, on to-morrow, I shall ask
the Senate to consider that bill in preference to all
others.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Then I hope we shall dis-
pose of this bill to-day.
Mr. BADGER. I understand, now, that it is
desirable that we should have an Executive ses-
sion, to which, certainly, I wish to interpose no
objection. I wish to say, also, in connection with
the remarks made by my friend from South Car-
olina, that, notwithstanding a notice which I gave
last week, I have been waiting, to allow my friend
from Pennsylvania to get rid of his bill, either by
having it passed or rejected.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Let us pass it now.
Mr. BADGER. 1 would cheerfully agree to do
that, if we could; but we cannot. The honorable
Senator himself is not exactly certain whether he
does not want it not to pass if we make this
amendment. I wish to give him an opportunity
of considering whether it would not be better to
pass it, even with the amendment. 1 was pro-
ceeding to say, however, that I have been waiting
for the purpose of calling up a bill which I sub-
mitted at a very early period of the session, to in-
crease our compensation. I wish to say now, that
I shall seize the first opportunity of asking the
Senate to take up that bill, and dispose of it. I
think it has, upon every ground, meritorious
claims to consideration—superior to those of any
other biii upon your table, sir. Having given this
notice, I move that the bill under consideration do
he on the table; with the intention, if the Senate
shall agree to that, to move for an Executive
session.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, ar.d
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 4, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
NAVY-YARD AT MEMPHIS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States:
Washington, January 1,1855.
To the House of Representatives:
In response to the resolutiop of the House of Representa-
tives of the 11th ultimo, requesting the President " to com-
municate to this Hou^e any proposition which may have
been made to tile Government by the city authorities of
Memphis, relative to the navy-yard property recently errtcd
to that eity, together with hia views and those of the Navy
Department as to the propriety of accepting the recession
and reestablishing the naval depot and yard of construction
at Mempiiis," I transmit herewith the report of ihe Secre-
tary of the Navy, and have oniy to add my concurrence in
the views presented. * . FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I shall move
that that communication be printed; and, if it be
in order, I should like to have it referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
to be taken up at the same time as the Navy ap-
propriation bill) if there is no objection to that
course.
Mr. RICHARDSON. You can call it up at
any time.
The SPEAKER. The subject-matter of the
communication may be introduced at that partic-
ular time, but the Chair cannot see how an order
of the House to that effect can well be made.
Mr. STANTON'. I will state in a few words
the object that I have in view in asking this order
to be made; and I suppose that it is proper for
me to do so on the motion to print. It has been
usual for the chairman of the Committees of the
Whole to decide that such a proposition as it ia
my purpose to offer when the naval appropriation'
bill comes up, is not in order—that is, an amend-
ment making an appropriation for the recstab-
hshment of a navy:yard at Memphis. If this
communication should be referred to the Com-
mittee of1 the Whole on the state of the Union, to
be taken up with the naval appropriation bill, it
would then be considered in order to propose an
amendment of that kind. All that I desire to do,
is to submit to the decision of the House of Rep-
resentatives fairly, at a time when the proposition
can be decided, either favorably or unfavorably,
an amendment granting an appropriation for the
purpose of reestablishing that navy-yard; and if
this communication can go to the Committee of
the Whole under such circumstances that I can
get an opportunity to make the proposition which
I desire to make, I should like that favor to be
accorded me by the House; otherwise 
Mr. SOLLERS, (interrupting.) Will the gen-
tleman from Tennessee yield to me for a moment?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. SOLLERS. I desire to havea special order
made, and I hope that the House will favor me.
Mr. PHELPS. I would inquire what disposi-
tion has been made of the message of the President
of the United States?
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent the
proposition of thegentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Stanton] will be entered on the Journal and the
order made, which is, that the message of the
President of the United States, just read, shall be
committed to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, to be taken up and acted upon
in connection with tiie bill to which he refers.
Mr. STANTON. I would state, Mr. Speaker,
that 1 do not intend to trouble the committee at
length on this subject. When the naval appropri-
ation bill comes up, I will submit the question
with but little debate. The simple proposition
which I hav.e in view is to present to the Commit-
tee of the Whole the proposition made by the city
authorities of Memphis, to retrocede the navy-yard
back again to the Government, on the condition
of its reestablishment for the construction of
vessels of war. I think that such a proposition
would be appropriate on the consideration of the
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I have no objection to the
reference of the communication to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. But I
do object to there being an order made by this
House that the matter in question should be con-
sidered in connection with the Navy appropriation
bill. I desire to say further, that if there is to be '
a proposition submitted for the reestablishment of
the navy-yard at Memphis, it seems to me the
most proper course would be to refer the commu-
nication to the Committee on Naval Affairs, that
that committee may examine the question. But
it is my conviction that we have already ftfe many
navy-yards in'the country. And although at the
last session I was in opposition to the cession of the
navy-yard at Memphis to the city authorities, yet
