IBS
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 4,
The CHAIRMAN. Does-the Chair then un-
derstand the gentleman from Illinois to accept the
substitute offered by the gentleman from Yirginia?
Mr. WASHBUitNE. I accept the substitute.
The CHAIRMAN. The question will then
be first upon the amendment to the original bill,
and the bill itself will be open to amendment.
When that is perfected, the question will next be
upon the substitute of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. When that question arises, the substitute
will be open to amendment. The question now
isupon theamendment recommended by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to the original bill.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. Is it now in order
to move to strike out the amendment reported by
the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. Not exactly. It is in
order to move to strike out a portion of it, but
not the whole.
Mr. JONES. Then I move to strike out of the
twenty-second line the words "as far as neces-
sary." I wish to submit afew remarks in regard
to this bill, and tothe amendment which has been
offered by the gentleman from Virginia. I believe,
sir, with the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and with the Secretary of the Interior, that
the title to these swamp and overflowed lands
passed (o the States by the simple act of the Pres-
ident of the United States signing the bill. A por-
tion of these lands, since they were ceded to the
several States, have been entered, under the act of
the Genera! Government, by private individuals;
and thereby the States have been deprived of some
of the rights which had been granted to them un-
der the general bill. Now, I understand the object
of this legislation is to remedy this wrong which
has been done to the States. If that be the ob-
ject, then it seems to me that the States ought to
be consulted as to what they are willing to take at
the hands of this Congress. Congress has no
power to impose burdens and conditions upon this
bounty which they now ask the States to yield to
them. No; I think the whole of this amendment
ought really to be stricken out, because we are
entitled to all the swamp lands in the States, for
whose benefit this act was passed. The States
are not bound, if the decisions of the Land Office
are correct, to accede to any proposition which
might be now made by the Congress of the Uni-
ted Slates in regard to these lands. If the States
take the lands from those persons who have en-
tered them, without giving them a compensation,
they would, at least, have a right to demand from
the United States, not only the purchase-money
which they have paid to the United States for
those lands, which did not belong to the Govern-
ment, but, in equity, those persons would have
the right to ask Congress to reimburse them, not
only for the money they have paid, but for ihe
amount they have expended in improvements
upon those lands.
I have no doubt the States would be willing to
meet the Government half way, in granting relief
to those persons who have entered those lands in
good faith, and without a knowledge of the fact
that they did not belong to the General Govern-,
ment, but to the State. But I say the Congress
of the United States ought not to impose condi-
tions upon the States, with regard to what they
are to do with this money after they have got it.
I say, the original bill, as it was sent to the com-
mittee, is the one which ought to be parsed.
In regard to the substitute offered by the gentle-
man from Virginia, can the Congress of the United
States judicially declare what are the rights of
parlies, under this act, granting the swamp and
overflowed lands to the States? Suppose that it
should turn out that the Supreme Court of the
United States should have a difference with Con-
gress and the gentleman from Virginia on the
subject 
Mr. LETCHER. In answer to my friend from
Louisiana, I would say a single word. How does
he propose to adjust this controversy?
Mr. JON ES. I propose to adjust it by passing
the bill which is now before the committee,
without amendment whatever.
Mr. LETCHER. As I understand the gentle-
man, he wants the amendment offered by the
Committee on Public Lands, and on the ground
that the Congress of the United States has no
right to express any opinion in regard to this
gitt made by her—that it is a question for Loui-
siana and every other State claiming under this
act. She is to take whatever she considers that
grant confers.
Mr. JONES. I say that it is a question for
the courts, and not for Congress.
Mr. LETCHER. What courts are to decide
it? And even if the courts are, to decide it, how
does this interfere or affect the matter ? If this
act be unconstitutional, the gentleman can get the
court to say so. If it be not unconstitutional,
then it probably settles the question. It is mani-
fest that the question must.be settled some way.
I imagine, if Congress, by legislative act, under-
takes to settle it, that it will probably be more
agreeable to all parties concerned—the General
and State governments—than to have it settled by
legal proceedings. It strikes me so. If not, then
let them institute judicial proceedings, and settle
the question.
Mr. LIJN'DLEY. From the remarks of gentle-
men it would seem that they consider the contest
to be between the different States and the General
Government. They ought to remember that we
have sold lands not our own, and men have bought
two pieces, one valueless without the other, and
have paid the Government for them when we
could not give title to them. These men are
suffering, and we are in honor bound to do justice
to these injured individuals. That is the point
before Congress, and not that of contest between
the States and General Government.
Mr. LETCHER. What does my bill provide
for ? Does it not provide exactly for the point pre-
sented by the gentleman from Missouri ? Does it
not give the land settled on to the settlers why are
entitled to them ? What else does the gentleman
want? Does he want to exclude the settler, and
to put the speculator in his shoes? Is that the
otject? That would seem to be the idea, to some
extent, ef the remarks of my friend from Arkan-
sas. He says these lands are worth more, and
that when the Government pays back £1 25 the
acre, it does not reimburse the man already in
possession under State sciip. If it does not reim-
burse him, does it reimburse the man who has
entered them foractual settlemcntand cultivation ?
Is the settler to be made subject to the speculator?
That is the whole point presented by the inter-
ruption of my friend from Missouri. By my bill,
if the land is legitimately owned under this act by
the State, the money arising from its sale, which
has gone into the Treasury, shall go over to the
State in lieu of the land. If it has been entered
by land warrant or scrip, that then they shall
have title to an -equal amount to be thereafter
selected. It seems to me, so far as the settler is
concerned, that my bill is more likely to do him jus-
tice than the views suggested by the gentleman
from Missouri.
The question was taken on Mr. Jones's amend-
ment; and it was rejected.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of the Committee on Public Lands; and it was
agreed to.
At the request of several members, the question
recurring on Mr. Letcher's substitute, it was
again reported.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Mr. Chairman, I do
not desire to occupy the five minutes to which I
am entitled under the rules.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman mustsub-
mit an amendment.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move to strike out
the latter portion of the substitute.
Mr. Chairman, 1 wish to say only this one
thing, and no moie; if the substitute of the gen-
tleman from Virginia be adopted, it will unsettle
every title which the Commissioner of the General
Land Office has in the mean time adjudicated and
settled.
Mr. LETCHER. In answer to the gentleman
from Arkansas, 1 repeat what I have already said
to the gentleman from Ohio, that my bill is in
exact conformity in every respect with the recom-
mendation of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office at this last session, recorded on page
eight of his report. That there may be no diffi-
culty about it, let me read from that report, be-
cause I take it that the Commissioner knew what
he wanted and what were the best means of getting
at it for the purpose of avoiding future evils:
"To remedy tins evil, I respectfully recommend that
authority be givc.n for the issue of these patents, and that
provision fee made by law that the piirchafee-money for any
such lands be paid over to the States, and that they be au-
thorized to select others in lieu of those located with scrip,
land warrants, &c., on due proof by the authorized agents
of the States that such lands were of the character embraced
by the swamp land act of 1850."
Now, sir, there is not a requirement of the recom-
mendation of this Commissioner of the General
Land Office which is not found embraced in the
provisions of my bill.
Mr. McMULLlN. ' The gentleman's bill pro-
vides that the States shall enter other lands at
j}l 25 or less, and I desire to know what he means
by the words •* or less." Does he mean to make
it conform to the graduation act ?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir; they may enter
graduating land acre foracre. The bill states this
distinctly. My object in putting that clause in
my substitute will be apparent to my colleague in
a moment. It will be recollected that, after the
various railroad acts had been passed by Congress,
the price of the alternate sections reserved was.
raised to 50 per acre. Now, my object in
putting that clause in the bill, was to prevent the
States from going upon these alternate sections to
make their selections acre for acre. Then besides,
there are other lands the price of which has been
raised. There are the mineral lands, and the
saline lands; all these lands are reserved; and it is
my object to prevent the States from going upon
them and making their selections. This is one of
the eases referred to by the Commissioner of the
Genera! Land Office in his report, and if the gen-
tleman will refer to it, he will find that the pro-
visions of my substitute are not only recommended
by that officer, hut that, in this respect, it is copied,
literally word for word, from that report. Every
solitary thing that he has asked for is embodied in
it, and I ask the members of this House if any-
thing more can be asked for upon the subject ?
Mr, GREENWOOD then, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. JONES,of Louisiana. I move to amend
by adding, at the end of the bill, the following:
Provided further, That the States interested in said
swamp lands shall a<*ree to the provisions of this act; and
this act shall not take effect in any of said States until it
shall accede to the provisions of this act.
Mr. Chairman, it is my purpose, m moving
thatamendment, to provide against legislation that
shall involve the States in any difficulty with the
General Government, as to the proper construc-
tion of the original act which was passed trans-
ferring to the several States the swamplands situ-
ated within their limits. Now, it has been said
here, time and again, that the General Land Office,
and the Secretary of the Interior, have given a
certain construction to the act granting swamp
lands to the States. That construction, however,
conflicts with the notions of the gentleman from
Virginia, and be now proposes that the Congress
of the United States shall, by a simple act of legis-
lation, declare that his construction of the law is-
correct, and that the construction of the Secretary
of the Interior is not correct. Well, now, sir, I
should like to know whether any mere law of
Congress, any declaratory law, is binding, either
upon the States or upon the Secretary of the In-
terior ? Suppose the Secretary of the Interior
chooses to adhere to the construction he has
already given to the law, what is to become of the
matter? Is heto bearraigned for violating the law
of Congress ? Why, sir, we all know that, if the
construction of the Secretary of the Interior is
correct, the provision the gentleman from Virginia
proposes is necessarily unconstitutional. °
Again, if the States accede to the proposition
the gentleman from Virginia proposes to make,
very well; butsuppose that in the exerciseof their
vested rights, they should refuse to accede to his
proposition, then what is to be done?
Now, sir, if the substitute of the gentleman from
Virginia is to pass; if the House are determined
to pass it in preference to the amendment reported
by the committee, why, I propose to relieve Con-
gress from the difficulty involved by the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia; that is, I
propose that this law shall take effect whenever
the States in which the lands are situated shall
accede to it.
Mr. McMULLlN. As it is getting rather late
1 wifl move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. LETCE3ER. i wish to say a few words
in reply to the gentleman from Louisiana.
Mr. McMULLlN. I will withdraw the motion
andyield the floor to my colleague.
Mr. LETCHER. My friend from Louisiana
