190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
Mr. LETCHER. We have had somerarelaw
laid down here to-day. [Laughter.] The gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Disney,] lays it down
as a settled law of the country, that a grant or
gift is to be construed strictly against the grantor.
Now, I should like to know where the gentleman
got his law from? I should like to know where
he ever saw such law written in any law book ?
I should like to know another thing: I should
like to understand this confusion about terms,
which seems to be running through his head, and
through the head of my friend from Tennessee,
[Mr. Stanton,] about legal, equitable title, as he
calls it. Now, what sort of a title is a " legal,
equitable title? "
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I have not
made use of sucfaa term.
Mr. LETCHER. I understood the gentleman
from Tennessee to have spoken of " legal equi-
table titles."
Mr. STANTON. I have not used such a term.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I beg the gentleman's
pardon. I certainly heard it from somebody on
that side of the House. But I will just take the
question as it is. The gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Stanton,] and the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Disney,] say that these States had on equitable
title to these lands from the 28'h of September,
1850, when the bill was passed. That is their
proposition. Now, before the State knew any-
thing about this matter, A Bgoes into the State of
Arkansas, for instance, and locates six hundred
and forty acres of the public laniN, and pays for it,
where is the equity title then? Here there is equity
in both the S(ate and the purchaser. There is
equity in the State under the provisions of the act,
and there is equity in the individual by the pur-
chase of the land and the payment of the money
fcr it. Now where is the superior equity in this
ease ?
Mr. STANTON. In that case I have no doubt
that the e^ti-Hence of this public law giving the
swamp lands to the State of Arkansas ought to be
known to the party purchasing, and he would
have no equity.
Mr. LKTOiJER. He would have no equity !
Here is the case of a man who pays his money
for his land. The State does not know that it has
a particle of title to the lands at the time of the
purchase. The Slate has no evidence of title.
Now when this law comes to be executed, how is
the matter to be decided'' Who has the superior
equity, the State which has been given the lands
by the Government, or the individual who has
purchased his land and paid his money for the
title? What is the next equity in the case? To
give to ih«  State which claims her property, the
money received for it by the General Government.
That is (lie equity due to the State. Is it not so?
Then herr is another point in this matter; and
when ymi come to settle the controversy, how
are you going to get at h: A man goes into Ala-
bama and Ioeat<s six hundred and forty acres
on dryland, and Alabama comes into court and
swears it is a swamp. [Laughter.] Now what
becomes of the equity here, as it has been laid
down > My bill just presents this case as it ought
to be, according to the ground taken by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office. It meets
all the cases of equity exactly as they occurred;
and all these questions occupy precisely the posi-
tion that they ought to occupy. Then, I should
like, when the controversy arises, to see the agent
of Alabama coming into this equity controversy,
and undertaking to prove that this dry land was
a swamp, and unfit for cultivation, too. I would
like to see him swear that; and yet we are to come
to the conclusion here that the man who goes to
buy land, who had sense enough to enable him to
accumulate money to buy land, locates his land
in a swamp unfit for cultivation.
Mr. STA NTON. I would like to say a single
word in explanation. By the construction of
levees along the margin of the river, much of the
land which had been swamp, and unfit for culti-
vation, has been completely reclaimed. They
have been made very valuable, and persons would
be very glad to enter on them where the levee
is made, or where there is a great probability that
the levee will be made.
Mr. LETCHER. I take it that, if a man went
there to get land, and found levees made along the
river, he would be very likely to enter.
Mr. STANTON. By the raising of levees,
lands within ten miles from the river, which may
have been swamp, and unfit for cultivation, may
be reclaimed, and may be entered.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know that. We
generally find that settlers run a long way from
swamps.
Mr. STANTON. There are sometimes twenty
miles reclaimed that have been covered with water.
Mr. LETCHER. Why, for that matter, the
whole country was undoubtedly under water at
one time, and might as well be claimed under the
swamp act.
The question was then taken on the amendment
offered Mr. Disney, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. WELLS. At the end of the first section
I move to add the following proviso:
Provided, That in the construction of said act, it shall
be construed as vesting the utle to swamp and overflowed
lands in the St ites m which they lie at the date of the
approval of said act.
it seems to me, that some of the gentlemen who
have participated in this debate do not understand
the provisions of this bill, or else I do not. It is
a matter of some importance, that the title of
lands in the new States should not be disturbed.
There are quite as many owners of these lands
residing in the new, as in the old States. The
object I propose by the amendment I offer, is to
settle the question, at what particular date the
title to these swamp lands vest in the States in
which they lie. The Commissioner of the General
Land Office, as I understand, has decided that the
title vests at the date of the approval of the act,
and all the States interested have acted upon that
decision. The Secretary of the Interior has ap-
proved of that decision. It is now proposed to
change that decision, and to make the title to
these lands vest fiom the date of the issue of the
patent. Any gentlemen who will reflect for a
moment upon the matter, will see the great con-
fusion into which land titles will be thrown by the
passage of this provision in the bill, because the
titles to these swamp lands will be of different
dates. There should be some certain day fixed
upon which the tide to these lands should vest in
the States where they lie. It is clear to my mind,
that the (jec.ision made by the Commissioner in
regard to this matter is the only true and proper
one which should govern m the matter.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand the point made by my fnend from Wiscon-
sin, and for which he provides by his amendment,
to be this: that he wishes Congress to settle the
date at which the title to these swamp lands shall
vest in the States in which they lie. That is a
matter, I think, to be settled by the courts, the
proper tribunals to decide this matter. If you vest
the purchaser his title to these lands by patent,
and if the State claims them, under and by. virtue
of the act of September, 1850, let the State insti-
tute a suit against the settler, and give the settler
his patent utle for him to come in and defend
upon,and in that way you will settle the difficulty
by the only legal and competent tribunal of the
coun try.
Mr. WELLS. The very question that the
gentleman from Illinois has made is the one that
I wish to avoid. I do not wish to carry this
question into the courts, but i wish to provide for
tiie difficulty I have suggested in such plain and
clear language that wc need not go to the courts.
If I make a present or gift of a tract of land to the
gentleman from Virginia, and send him a deed,
which he should not receive for a month after-
wards, but which he then accepts, the title passes
from me at the date of the gift. And so it ought
to be in this case, and the Commissioner has
decided that the title to these swamp lands should
vest at the date of the approval of the act. The
amendment I havo offered is designed to settle
that question and prevent its being again raised.
If it is the intention of the committee to settle the
titles to these lands, why let us have it done at
once. The effect of the amendment I have intro-
duced is to establish a clear and definite time at
which the titles to these lauds shall vest in the
States in which they lie, and to confirm and cor-
roborate the decision already made by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office. I hope,
therefore, that it will be adopted by the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Wisconsin. I hope
the bill now under consideration will be disposed
of this evening, for to-morrow and the next day
the Private Calendar comes up, and on Tuesday
next we are to have a special order, so that if this
bill is not acted upon finally to-day, there is no
telling when it may receive action.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wells's
amendment; "and it was rejected.
The question was then taken on Mr. Letch-
er's substitute; and it was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the committee
rise, and report the-bill, with amendments, to the
House.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the Chair, the Chairman reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, had had the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly House bill No. 9, be-
ing a bill for the relief of purchasers or locators
of swamp and overflowed lands," which they had
directed him to report to the House with an amend-
ment.
, Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved the
previous question, which was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was concurred
in, and the bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read the third time, and having
been engrossed and read the third time, was
passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
ORGANIZATION OP THE ARMY.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to permit me to make a report
from the Committee on Military Affairs, of a
bill " for the increase and better organization of
the Army, and for other purposes." My object
is simply this: I desire to have this bill reported,
in order that it may be printed, and thus afford
every member an opportunity to read it. It has
been most carefullyand elaborately prepared, and
if I am allowed to report it now, I will then ask to
have it recommitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the gentleman
proposes to have the bill ordered to be printed,
and then to recommit it to the same committee.
Mr. FAULKNER. That is all.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to that.
The bill was then read a first and second time
by its title, as follows, viz:
A bill for the increase and better organization
of the Army, and for other purposes.
Mr. FAULKNER. I now move that the bill
be recommitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
JESSE BAUTLETT.
On motion by Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine,
it was *
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the IIou?e the petition and papers of Jesse Bart-
Mt, for the purpose of tefertmce in the Senate.
And then, on motion by Mr. WHEELER, at
three o'clock and thirty-five minutes, the House
adjourned until to-morrow, attwelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 5, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial of the
Board of Trade of Boston, Massachusetts, pray-
ing tnat the Secretary of the Navy be empowered
to send one or two ships to the Arctic seas, for
the purpose of rescuing Dr. Kane and hia gallant
crew; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Daniel Littlefield, one ofthe heirs at-law of Daniel
Littlefield, an officer in the revolutionary army,
praying that the seven years' half-pay to which
