192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5.
President of the United States was, early m the
last session, requested to present some plan for
the reform and modification of the Federal judicial
system. The President responded to that call,
and his message set forth what is apparent, I
think, in every part of the United States, that the
present judicial system is inadequate to the wants
and interests of the country. The Attorney Gen-
eral, representing the President, has made a very
full and luminous report on this subject; but the
committee were not satisfied entirely to adopt the
suggestions of that report, but have had resort to
various sources of information. Here I wilt say
frankly, that we have thought it proper to con-
sult very freely with the Judges of the Supreme
Court, believing that they could give us informa-
tion, and that their opinions were entitled to weight
which could be derived from scarcely any other
source. I know that heretofore ithas been thought,
somewhat in a spirit of jealousy, that the legis-
lative department should conduct its proceed-
ings independently of the departments who might
be affected by its legislation. I have thought
otherwise, and have not hesitated to consult freely
the judges of the Supreme Court. The result luis
been this bill. It is "not exactly the bill which was
Fresented by the President, nor is it the bill which
.individually, as a member of the Judiciary
Committee, would entirely approve. I hada dif-
ferent idea myself, and I should have been willing
to frame a bill of a very different character from
this; but any other bill than such a one as that
which has been prepared by the committee,and is
now before the Senate, will, I believe, have 110
favor in the country.
I will state, summarily, the provisions of the
bill. It makes a change, very esseniial in the es-
timation of some gentlemen. We propose to
confine the business of the Supreme Court to one
appellate tribunal, and to create eleven circuits, as
they are described m the bill, throughout theUni-
ted States; with a provision that a circuit judge
shall be appointed to perform the dfuties of each
circuit, leaving the district system very much as
it is; or, in other words, not interfering materially
with the jurisdiction of the district judges. To
invert the statement; we leave, as the basis of the
system, the district courts very much as they are
at present, to perform the duties coming withm
their peculiar jurisdiction, with this qualification,
that the district judge is to form a part of the cir-
cuit court when'the circuit judge goes round, and,
in that respect, they will form together one tribu-
nal. Appeals are to be carried from tins tribunal,
composed of the district and circuit judge, directly
to the appellate tribunal known as the Supieme
Court. We have thought we were fully justified
in this proposition by the clause of the Consti-
tution by which wo nave attempted to guide our
action. That clause of the Constitution, it seems
to me, fully authorizes the change which, appa-
rently, wc propose to make in the judicial system
of the United States by tins bill. The clause is
in these words:
"The judicial power of the United States shall be vested
in one Supreme t;ourt, and m t-ucli inferior courts a« the
Congress inay from lime to time ordain and establish. The
judges, boiti of ihe Supreme and inferior courts, slKtll Iiotd
their otficeH during good behavior, and shall, at stated turn-*,
receive for (hen* ^erviccy, a compensation, winch Miall not
be diminished during their continuance in office."
We have by this bill, m conformity with the
terms of this provision of the Constitution, pro-
vided for " one Supreme Court;" and that is the
present Supreme Court consisting of the same num-
ber of judges now on the bench. They will here-
after, according to this bill, not be required to per-
form circuit duty; but will still be allowed, within
the circuits in which they reside, or in any place
where they may be found, to grant writs of habeas
corpus, mandamuses, and all such writs as may
fairly be issued at chambers. With respect to
these ex officio writs, if I may so call them, their
jurisdiction is not to be interfered with. They
are not required hereafter to perform circuit duty,
but are to confine themselves to the jurisdiction of
an appellate tribunal. In this respect we have
thought that we have consulted and carried out
the tiue meaning of the Constitution, which pro-
vides that there shall be " one Supreme Court."
It is not my purpose now to go into the various
reasons why that is preferable to any other sys-
tem, because there might be a difference of opinion
on that subject; but I may be allowed to allude to
ths necessity of some such arrangement.
It is now very apparent, froni the number, the
magnitude, and the importance of the cases which
are carried into the Supreme Court already, that
it is impossible for the judges constituting that
court' to perform any other duties than those
properly pertaining to -that tribunal; in other
words, they can-not, consistently with the duty of
appellate judges, perform the duty of circuit judges.
More especially will this appear to be the case if
California shall have a circuit judge, to constitute
a part of this tribunal; for no judge could go to
California and ride circuit there part of the year,
and then come back here and sit as one of the
judges of this appellate tribunal. The sam£ re-
mark will apply to Oregon and New Mexico, and
those other distant Territories which are likely to
grow into States. You will have to consult,
therefore, the necessities of the case, and separate
the duties of a circuit judge from those which
pertain strictly and exclusively to a Judge of the
Supreme Bench.
1 know it may be startling to some gentlemen
that we have proposed to create ten or eleven
additional judges, with a salary of §4,000 a year.
I am one of those, Mr. President, who do not
look at the amount of money which may be neces-
sary to carry out a system of Government which
will advance the public justice of the country.
1
will not deny justice to Texas, or to California,
or to Oregon, or to Michigan, or to Missouri, or
to Florida, or to Illinois, and other States, because
we are afraid to appropriate an amount of money
necessary to employ judges adequate to give dig-
nity to the tribunals m which they preside. I
know that a different view has prevailed with
some who have supposed that we might elevate
the distiict judges, and convert them into circuit
judges, leaving them to perform the duties of the
present circuit judges, and allow an appeal or writ
of error to the Supreme Court. 1 am utterly
opposed to that; but, as I have said, I will notgo
into any points of controversy on this bill at this
time. That is not my object. It is simply my
object to present the main features of the bill.
When, hereafter, objections are made, as I have
no doubt they will be, and amendments are
offered, as I have no doubt they will be, I shall
give them fair consideration, not in the spirit of an
advocate of this bill exclusively. I have no such
spirit m conducting this debate.
Let me say to the Senate now, that if it be sup-
posed that any one gentleman can have his system,
or such a system as he would approve of individ-
ually in all respects, he is very much mistaken.
Now, I have always thought that a number of
about five to constitute the Supreme bench, with
others to constitute circuit judges, would be the
best tribunal; but I know my original opinion on
this point will not be acceded to. I have con-
sulted freely with the Supreme Court, and I do
not hesitate to say, that the opinion is, that it
lias now become so far a political tribunal—not
in the proper sense of the term "political," but
political questions have so far made their way
into that court that ithas to be a judicial represent-
ation of the different parts of the United States.
Every part of the United States is claiming a
right to have a judge, a judicial representative,
upon that bench. I regret it; but this feeling
exists to such an extent, that I believe, consider-
ing the diversity of interests, and I may say, the
great sectional prejudices that prevail in different
parts of the United States, five judges from one
section would not give satisfaction to another, in
administering the justice of the country, even if
they were angels.
Therefore, sir, there are two considerations
involved; justice must not only be administered
according to law, (for that is not always suf-
ficient,) but it must be administered in a mode
and process likely to be satisfactory to the parties
concerned, and to the different sections of the
country whose interests may be involved, par-
ticularly if they have a political complexion.
The advantage of having this tribunal sit here,
and heie alone, is an important one; and I should
i prefer it per se. I wish to have cases come
! before the Judges of the Supreme Court in such
; a'manner that their minds shall be perfectly pre-
i pared to give them a fair consideration, unaf-
i fected by locaWeelings or influences. In other
j words, I wish them to stand here guarded by the
j law and the Constitution of the country; so that
' prejudices, which might affect a local tribunal,
could be discarded, and the judges of this appel-
late tribunal be in a position where they could be
neither insulted nor accused of yielding with too
much facility to prejudices of a local character. I
think, sir, in that respect, it would be an advant-
age to have a strong court. Perhaps, to make it
a strong court in the sense in which I speak, it
would be necessary to have a number upon it
capable of sustaining themselves. The opinion
is that a smaller number than the one we provide,
would not be enough for self-support. That ia
one of the reasons which reconciled me to have
eleven circuitjudges, for I believe my friend from-
Connecticut [Mr. Todcey] is authorized to offer
an amendment to give a judge to California, which
will make eleven circuitjudges.
I wish the Senate distinctly to understand that
eleven circuits are to be created, and that these
eleven circuit judges have nothing to do with the
Supreme Court, but that they decide on their
individual responsibility within their circuits in
connection with the district judges, and that their
judgments are to come up here for review, either
by appeal or writ of error, so that the main fea-
ture of this bill is that, in conformity with the
Constitution, we are constituting " one Supreme
Court," and when we speak of creating eleven
other courts, they are such " inferior courts " as
Congress has the right to constitute under the
clause of the Constitution to which I have referred.
There is authority for it in the Constitution. We
have made provision to carry out the very lan-
guage of the Constitution.
I shall not now allude to the amendment which
is to be proposed by my honorable friend from
Illinois, [Mr. • Douglas,] because I have no
doubt he will present his own views on it. I
shall reserve, however, to mysetf the right of
.replying to the different views presented, not, as
I ttated before, at all in the spirit of controversy,
for I do not stand in relation to this bill in the
position of its exclusive advocate. I wish some
bill to pass which will satisfy the demands of the
country. I have alluded to the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois. It contains one feature
which the Senate will have to consider. The
essential feature of his proposition, in contradis-
tinction from the bill submitted by the committee,
is to elevate the district judges and convert them
into circuit.judges, or, at least, give them the
jurisdiction of circuit judges, with another pro-
vision, to have a tribunal composed of one Judge
of the Supreme Court and the different district
judges comprised in a circuit, as an intermediate
tribunal with appellate jurisdiction, to hear cases
within the different circuits from which appeals
are to come to the Supreme Court of the United
States. In one respect we agree; that is, to have
one separate court of appeals. In the other re-
spect, we differ. The committee discard from
the plan submitted by them this intermediate
appellate tribunal, through which cases shall pass
before coming to the Supreme Court. That is
the essential difference between the systems.
I have no particular partiality for this bill of
the committee; I only say to gentlemen, that I
believe it is the only bill which can be passed,
and it is one which can very well receive my vote.
I have presented the general view; I leave others
to submit such amendments as they may think
proper.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I rise for
the purpose of offering, as a substitute for this
bill, an amendment, of which I gave notice at the
last session of Congress, and which has been
printed. I do not propose to discuss the question
now. I simply submit the amendment as a sub-
stitute. I suppose the order of proceeding will
be, first, to go through with the bill reported by
the committee, and perfect it, section by section.
After that bill shall have been gone through with
and perfected, the substitute can be considered
and perfected, section by section, and then the
vote can be taken on striking out all of the bill
after the enacting clause, and inserting the substi-
tute. My object is to give a fair opportunity for
putting the bill of the committee in the shape in
which it is to be submitted to the Senate, before
tainng the vote on my proposition. When we
come to that point, I shall submit a few remarks
in explanation of the principles of the amendment
which I offer as a substitute.
The amendment is to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and insert the following:
