194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
of, postpone the term to a future time fixed by the order,
which the clerk shall publish m one or more newspapers,
so as to make the adjournmentover generally known. And
■when it shall so happen that no niarshal shall attend a court
of appeals or a district court, by himself or his deputy, be-
cause of a vacancy, or for any other cause, the court shall
have powei to appoint a special officer, for the time being,
to perform such duties appertaining to the marshal'sotfice,
as the court may prescribe by one or more oiders ofrecord,
and such offieers shall act in obedience to the court's orders
until a marshal, duly qualified, shall attend in court. And
said special officer shall be entitled to the same fees and
compensation for the services he may perform, that the
marshal would have received had he performed the same
service.
Sec. 18. And be it farther enacted, That all laws, or
parts of laws, contrary to or inconsistent with the provis-
ions of this act be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
The PRESIDENT. Amendments to the ori-
ginal bill will be received before taking the question
on the proposed substitute.,
Mr. fOUCEY. I rise to submit an amendment
which was alluded to by my friend from South
Carolina, the effect of which is to create an addi-
tional circuit in California, and provide for one
additional circuit judge. It is to be effected by
striking out the word " ten, " where it occurs twice
in the fourth section, and inserting in lieu of itthe
word "eleven," and by striking out the words
" and an eleventh circuit judge shall be appointed
so soon as any other State on the Pacific coast
shall have been admitted into the Union, and a
judicial district or districts organized therein, to
be comprised in the same circuit witli the State of
California." This alteration would make the
section read: "That there shall be appointed imme-
diately eleven circuit judges of the United States,
one to be appointed for and to reside in each of
the eleven circuits herein first enumerated Rnd
defined,"&o. I submit this proposition to amend
at this time; and I will only say that I submititin
concurrence with the wishes of the Committee on
the Judiciary, and with a very strong; conviction,
in my own mind, that it is indispensably necessary
that the additional circuit should be created.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TOUCEY. The adoption of that amend-
ment renders necessary a further amendment in
the sixth section, by striking out the word " and,"
before " tenth," and inserting after " tenth" the
words, "and eleventh."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. If no further amendment
be proposed, the bill will be reported to the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. The Senatorfrom Illinois has
offered a proposition as n substitute for the bill
which has been reported by the Committee on the
Judiciary, and I suppose it is exceedingly desira-
ble to ascertain, as soon as possible, whether the
Senate approve the plan proposed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary or not. This would, per-
haps, be the proper time for the Senator from Illi-
nois to have a test vote. I!y doing that, we can
ascertain the views of the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator can have the
vote taken in the Senate after the bill shall be
reported.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I prefer that action should
be taken on my amendment now. It may be that
it is not in the precisc form in which it ought to
be, and it may lie necessary to perfect it in detail.
If this course be pursued, Senators may be able
to see what it is, and suggest any modifications
which may be thought desirable.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. DOUGLAS. [ have been induced, Mr.
President, to oiler this substitute from a conviction
that the plan proposed by the Judiciary Commit-
tee will not answer the purposes which they have
in view, and will not remedy the evils which they
desire to correct. They propose to make a separate
Supreme Court, with no other duties than those j
which are imposed upon the Supreme Court of I
the United States sitting at Washington alone. I
Here I differ, in toto, with the committee. I think !
the Supreme Court ought to have other jurisdic- !
tion. I think it is f.>r the good of the country, 1
and for the good of that court, that its judges j
should be required to go into the country, hold I
courts in different localities, and mingle with the |
local judges and with the bar. 1 think that, if the !
judges of that court be released from all duties out- !
sl7 , e Washington, and stay here the
whole year round, they will become, as a Senator
remarked to me a moment ago, mere paper judges.
I tmnk they will lose that weight of authority m
the country which they ought to have, just in
proportion as they lose their knowledge of the
local legislation, and of the practice and proceed-
ings of the courts below. I believe, therefore,
that the theory of the original plan in which our
judiciary system was formed, was right. In con-
sequence of the increase of the judicial business
of the country, some modification of that plan has
become necessary in order to preserve the same
principle, and render it applicable to our present
condition.
The plan which I propose in this substitute is
simply this: that there shall be no new judges
appointed; but, that theduties now performed by
the district and circuit courts of the United States
in each State shall hereafter be performed by the
district judge in that State. According to it, the
district judge will hold the district and the circuit
court at the same time. Both will be open at the
same time; the record of each will be before him,
in the same manner as in a court of law with
chancery jurisdiction. As both courts are open
at the same time, the judge may take up a case on
the law docket, or the chancery docket, as may
be convenient; so, according to my plan, the dis-
trict judge could take up a case on the docket of
either the district or the circuit court—both courts
being held by the same judge.
Then, having released the Judges of the Supreme
Court from the necessity of going into every dis-
trict in each State—and where there are three
districts in a State, as in Tennessee, and other
States, that must be a great labor—the question
is, how much of this local duty can we devolve
upon them without depriving them of the oppor-
tunity of performing all their duties at the seat of
Government? It occurred to me that this point
could be settled in the manner which I have pro-
posed in my amendment. That is, to divide the
whole United States into nine judicial circuits, and
provide that there shall be held, once a year, in
each of those circuits, a court of appeals, to be (
composed of the district judge of each district'
within the circuit, together with one of the Judges |
of the Supreme Court of the United States, who |
should preside. By way of illustration, suppose !
the New England States should be made one of'
the circuits. There are, in New England, six j
United States district courts; and the court of
appeals would, therefore, be composed of these six I
district judges, with one Judge of the Supreme :
Courtot the United States presiding, which would
make a court of seven judges. "l provide for
appeals to be taken directly from the district I
court to this court of appeals, and then from the i
court of appeals to the Supreme Court of the !
United States, with certain restrictions. This |
illustration would apply to each of the other nine !
districts, compiehending all the States and all the !
Territories of the Union. j
This system would, it seems to me, have very
great advantages, and would remedy several evils ■
which we have known to grow up under our
present system. You now find that, in one dis- :
trict the rules of practice are one way, and in I
another district entirely different. One district \
judge decides a controverted principle in one %vay,
and another in another way. If all the district I
judges in a circuit could come together once a
year to review their own decisions, it, would tend i
to bring about uniformity of thought and uni- j
formity of practice wilhm those districts. To |
secure this object, my substitute provides that I
the court of appeals in each circuit shall prescribe I]
the rules of practice for the district courts within
the circuit. You thus infuse uniformity into all
the district courts within the same circuit, actin"
under the same rules; and the consequence would
be, that very few appeals would be taken from !
the court of appeals to the Supreme Court of the I
United Stales. jj
I propose, also, to allow an appeal from the dis- !
trict court to the court of appeals m every case in I
which it is now allowed by law from the district i|
to the circuit courts; and to allow appeals from
the courts of appeals to the Supreme Court, but to !.
fix a higher sum than is now required to be the
amount m controversy, to entitle the parties to an '
appeal from a circuit court to the Supreme Court,
so that small cases may stop at the courts of:;
appeal, and none but cases involving large:,
amounts and important principles, be carried to ;!
the Supreme Court of the United States. j;
Then, sir, with a view of remedying other evils
which may now exist, I have introduced another
principle, derived from the judicial system of some
of the States of the Union. It is what is known
as the rotatory principle; that is to say, inasmuch
as one of the Judges of the Supreme Court is to
preside in each of the courts of appeals once a
year in each circuit throughout the United States,
I require them to rotate; so that, if the Chief Jus-
tice presides in district No. 1 this year, he may
next year go to district No. 2; and next to dis-'
trict No. 3, and so on until he come to district
No. 9, at San Francisco. Then the succeeding
year, the next judge highest in commission be-
gins at district No. 1, goes to the second, and the
third, and all the other districts. The consequence
of this would be, that a Judge of the Supreme
Court would not preside in the same circuit over
a c&urt of appeals, more than once in nine years.
In that way, the foundation of complaints which
sometimes are gotten up—probably unjustly, but
yet none the less mischievous for being unjust—
that there is a coterie around the Judge when he
goes every year to the same circuit, would be
destroyed.
Again, if a judge goes to the New England '
circuit one year, to the middle States the next
year, then through the southern States, then to
the western States, and finally to California, he
becomes more familiar with the local judicial sys-
tems of the whole Union; and inasmuch as the
Supreme Court is the final court of appeals from
all decisions of the lower courts throughout the
land, its judges ought to be familiar, so far as it
is possible for them to become familiar, with the
modes of proceeding in the various sections of the
Union, with the local legislation, and the local
laws of all parts of the country.
Now, sir, without meaning any disrespect to
any one, but for the purpose of illustrating the
practical operation of the principle, 1 trust I may
be permitted to say, that I do not think it would
be the slightest injury to Judge Curtis, of Boston,
after having practiced law all his life in New
England, to hold court for one term in Charles-
ton, South Carolina, and then in New Orleans,
and aguin in Chicago, and then in San Francisco.
I think a system which required that, would lib-
' eralize the mind, elevate the train of thought, and
expand the range of knowledge of any judge, no
matter how exalted he might he. On the other
hand, I do not think it would do the slightest
harm to Judge Campbell, of Mobile, to send him
to Boston to hold court, and let him mingle with
the people of New England, and the New England
bar and judiciary, and become acquainted with the
New England character and New England juris-
prudence. 'Let him go the round until he gets
back, at the end of nine years, to his own circuit
where he resides,and I think he would be liberal-
ized, and improved, and benefited by the trip.
. The same remark would apply to each one of the
i judges. They would then have a degree of knowl-
edge of the systems in each State, and of the local
jurisprudence of each part of the country, which
would be very valuable to them. They would
thus become acquainted with the bar all over the
union, and with the sentiments and feelings of the
bar, operating upon the rules of practice and the
rules of court, and would acquire a knowledge
which never could be acquired in any other way.
Kntertainmg these opinions., I believe that the
best system we could adopt, would be to take the
present system as it is, adding no new judges, or
at least not more than one, if an additional iudo-e
snould be necessary, and I doubt whether one is-
leave the district judges to perform theirown du'ies
in the district and circuit courts of the United
fatates; constitute the courts cf apneals which I
have proposed, and allow an appeal'from them to
the Supreme Court of the United States. Thus
the whole system is harmonious. This plan would
never render it necessary, in any expansion of the
country, no matter how great, to increase the num-
ber of Judges on the bench of the Supreme Court of
the U nited States; but when we bring other States
¥nion' or organize other Territories, all
ve snail have to do will be to attach one of those
new States or Territories to one of the existing
nine judicial circuits. Then this system is corn-
ple.e. It will adapt itself to any expansion of our
country, to any increase of business in all lime to
action it will be harmonious in its
I have not been able to look into my proposi-
