1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
195
tion since I drew itup, and presented it informally
at the last session. I did not expect it'to come up
to-day, and therefore cannot go fully into all its
details; but there is a special provision in it which
I think I ought to notice. In order to give ample
compensation to the Judges of the Supreme Court
for the extra labor which would be imposed on
them by my proposition, in addition to their duties
on the Supreme bench, I have proposed to allow
them the per diem and mileage of members of
Congress, while they are absent as presiding
judges in the courts of appeals. If a judge should
go only from here to Boston to hold court, the
mileage would be but small. If he should go to,
New Orleans, it would be a very respectable sum;
and if he should go to San Francisco, it would be
quite a little fortune.. I think such a provision
would really improve the health of many of the
judges, so that they could take a trip to San Fran-
cisco without complaining that they would suffer
very much by it; though they might find it very
unhealthy if some such provision were not made.
I also believe it is a matter of justice that they
should receive mileage in proportion to their
travel. I do not say whether or not the present
salary is sufficient. If it is not, increase it. But
I say that, in addition to whatever salary you
award to them as Judges of the Supreme Court,
you should allow them eight dollars a day while
holding the appellate courts, and the mileage of
members of Congress, while traveling over the
country to reach the sittings of those courts. I
propose to apply the same principle also to the
district judges when they leave their respective
districts, and go to a central point in the circuit, to
sit in the court of appeals.
I have thus stated briefly the chief provisions
of the substitute which 1 have offered. It has
occurred to me, that by this proposition we could
avoid many of the evils which we are likely to
encounter, by the adoption of the system reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary. I have great
reluctance, at any time, to make a radical and
sudden change in the judiciary of the country.
If there is any department of this Government
for which I have higher reverence than any other,
if there is any department in the purity and sta-
bility of which 1 place higher hopes than any
other, it is the judiciary. I would not wish to
make any such sudden and radical change in that
system, as would infuse into it too many new men
at one time. I would allow that infusion of new
blood and new life to come into it by the course
of nature, simply by filling vacancies when they
may occur from time to time. Sir, I think it is
unwise to make a change by which nil the circuit
courts of the Union shall at once be held by new
men, perhaps politicians, perhaps lawyers, who
have never been upon the bunch. It is a thing
•which ought to be done gradually, so that there
shall always be a majority of experienced judges
upon each of the benches of the country.
These views, sir, have operated on ray mind. I
have doubted whether the system proposed by the
Judiciary Committee could be adopted, and if
adopted, I have had still more senous doubts
■whether it would remedy the evils intended to be
remedied by those who have brought it forward.
But, sir, not being a member of the Judiciary
Committee, I have felt great reluctance in mter-
Eosing my voice on this question. My dunes
ave been such, that I have not been able to give
it that consideration which the importance of a
subject of this magnitude would require; but still,
having these firm conviclions on my own mind, 1
have felt that I owed it to the country, and espe-
cially to the bench, with which I have been asso-
ciated for a small portion of my life, to make these
suggestions, in order that the Senate may pass
their judgment upon them, and make such dispo-
sition of the subject as they shall think proper.
Mr. ADAMS. I do not feel entnely prepared
to vote on this substitute. A large portion of the
Federal jurisdiction of our courts is a curse, and
not a blessing to our people. Aside from mail- ,
time jurisdiction, my own opinion is, that gener-
ally the jurisdiction cf the United States courts is
an injury to the people; I refer particularly to
cases ot suits between citizens of different btates.
I am convinced, that a man can have as fair a '
trial in the State courta as m the Federal courts, i
and with one third or one fourth the expense, i
I am perfectly willing to vote for any proposition ]
which will relieve the Judges of the Supreme Court1
from their present circuit court jurisdiction; but I
think that to confer circuit court jurisdiction on
the district courts of the United States would
answer all the purposes of the country. Beyond
that I am unwilling to go. I have not had an
opportunity of examining the proposition of the
Senator from Illinois. I admit that the manner
in which he has presented it to the Senate is plaus-
ible, and, doubtless, it has very great merit in it;
yst, I am not prepared, without a further investi-
gation of the question, to vote on that proposition
as a substitute for the original bill; although I
cannot vote for the creation of eleven Federal cir-
cuit judges, thus extending the Federal power of
this mighty Government over the States, and
tending to overshadow them. I think, Mr. Pres-
ident, that we should curtail, as far as possible,
the powers of the Federal Government within the
States. I admit that we should have ablejudges;
and I think we can have able district judges. If
the present salaries do not command the best
talent in the country, let us increase the salaries
of the district judges until we make them respect-
able. The circuit courts of the different States
are held by a single judge. Why not, then, con-
fer on the district judges of the United States
circuit court jurisdiction, and give them such sala-
ries as will command the best talent in the coun-
try ? This occurs to me to be the better plan.
Sir, 1 have intimated that the Federal courts are
courts of oppression m the interior. There we
have no maritime cases of which they can exer-
cise jurisdiction. We have no cases for them,
I except suits between citizens of different States,
j The idea that a man from another State cannot
| have as fair a trial in the State courts as in the
federal courts in the State where the defendant
liven, when the juries are composed of citizens of
the same State, is very fallacious. lie can have
just as fair, impartial, and proper a trial in the
I one court as 111 the other; while, if he is sued in
the State court, the cost of the party losing the
case is not more than one third or one fourth what
it would be m the Federal court. By the existing
laws of the United States, the prosecuting lawyer
receives a bounty of twenty dollars us a fee for
such suits, whereas the attorney in the State courts
receives not a cent. Thus, as a bounty to law-
yers, men are compelled to pay three or four
| hundred per cent, more in the Federal courts than
I they would have to pay if the same suit were
i brought in the State courts. This is not all, sir.
| Juries are summoned from one hundred and fifty
j to two hundred miles, in some cases, to attend the
j Federal court and try actions of debt. This is a
, requirement which amounts to almost intolerable
oppression in many portions of the country.
Sir, I would rather curtail, if it were possible, the
jurisdiction oftheFedeial courts than extend it. I
I con see no necessity for having two judges, a district
j and circuit nidge, to preside in one Federal court
j in the States, when all experience in the State
j courts has shown that one circuit judge is sufficient.
| 1 cannot, therefore, vote for the substitute of the
I Senator from Illinois, not having examined it
1 sufficiently to satisfy my own mind that it should
i be adopted even in preference to the original bill
| reported by the committee. If, however, the vote
should not be taken on it to-day, I may come to
the conclusion to vote for that as a substitute,
| though I do not think I could vote for it as a
separate bill.
i Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, the Senator from
! Illinois did not advert to one point of the case on
i which I desire information, and 1 hope that either
he or some member of the Judiciary Committee
will give us information on the point to which I
allude. The evil now complained of is, that the
courts of the United States, as at present organ-
, ized, and more particularly the Supreme Court,
[ aie unable to discharge the onerous duties imposed
upon them under existing laws. Now, iflunder-
! stand the machinery proposed by the amendment
of the honorable Senator from Illinois, I do not
see that the labor of the Supreme Court will be
lessened by the proposition which he has pre-
sented. My only object in rising is to ask him
\ to be kind enough to explain, if he has considered
the subject, m what way the substitute which he
1 proposes will lessen the labors of the Supreme
bench ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am aware that I was,
perhaps, somewhat confused in the brief explana-
tion which I gave this morning, as the matter
came up unexpectedly, and therefore omitted
many points which ought to have been fully ex-
plained. I have turned my attention, however,
to the point to which the Senator from Maryland
has adverted. It occurred to me that the duties
of the Supreme Court of the United States would
be materially lessened by the plan which I have#
proposed in*this respect: I have thought that, by
having a court of appeals, composed of six or
seven judges in the respective circuits, one of the
Justices of the Supreme Court presiding, there
would be a much less number of appeals taken
to the Supreme Court of the United States than
there is under the present system. Under the
existing system, an appeal from a district court
to a circuit court of the United States, is a mere
mockery. I do not speak offensively; but I say,
in its practical effect it is a mockery; and for this
reason; A case is first tried before the district
judge, and then an appeal is taken to the circuit
court. The circuit court is composed of that
same district judge, and one Judge of the Supreme
Court of the United States. If, when the case
comes up for hearing before the circuit court, the
district judge is of the same opinion that he was
before, as he probably would be, and the circuit
judge differs from him, there would then be no
decision, and the case would be certified to the
Supreme Court of the United States to decide
between them. If, on the contrary, the circuit
judge Bhould agree with the judge below, then
there \yould be a decision; but the appeal would
have been useless; for it merely led to the affirm-
ation of the opinion below. The consequence is,
that whenever there is a difference of opinion
between the circuit judge and the district judge,'
the case is certified to the Supreme Court, and
thus you multiply the causes on the docket of the
Supreme Court without having accomplished any
benefit by the appeal through the intermediate
court. But, according to my plan, instead of
appealing from the judge below to himself and
one other, you appeal to himself and probably six
others—and one of those six, a Judge of the Su-
preme Court of the United States. If they should
reverse a decision unanimously, the chances are,
that the matter would stop there; or if they should
confirm it unanimously, it would probably stop
there. If they should be nearly equally divided
on a question involving a new or intricate prin-
ciple of law, or a vast amount of property, the
case would probably be appealed. I ^hink,then,
that, in the practical operation of this system,
there would be very few appeals to the Supreme
Court of the United States in comparison to the
number there is now.
Again, sir, the system "I have submitted will
diminish the duties of the Judges of the Supreme
Court in another respect. Judge McLean, for
example, is the judge assigned to the Northwest-
ern circuit, in which I reside. He is expected to
attend to his duties in the Supreme Court here at
Washington, and also to preside twice a year in
the circuit court in Ohio, twice in Indiana, four
times in Illinois, there being two districts there,
and twice in Michigan. There are, then, ten
terms which he is expected to hold in the courta
below in one year, besides attending to his duties
in the Supreme Court. I propose, that instead of
his holding ten terms of the circuit courts in each
year, he shall attend but one term of the court of
appeals of a particular circuit. It strikes me that
this would materially diminish his duties. If the
term of the court of appeals should last for three
months—and certainly it could hardly be expected
to take up that much time—he would still have
nine months for attendance on the Supreme Court
here.
My substitute requires the courts of appeals to
be held in the nine circuits on the same day; say
the first Monday in June, or the first Monday in
May. That being the case, the Judges of the Su-
preme Court would arrange their terms so as to
allow them to disperse to their respective circuits
at the same time, finish their circuits, and get
back here at the same time. I take it for granted,
therefore, that, instead of being limited, as they
now are, to two or three months every year for
their duties here, the Judges ofthe Supreme Court,
under my plan, would have at least nine months
to be at Washington, after performing all their
duties in the different circuits. In this way, by
giving them eight, or nine, or ten months, to be
here, instead of three or four months for their
