1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
197
regard to the executive and the legislative branches
of the Government; but I have yet to learn that it
is an evil felt in this country that the power of the
judiciary is too great. On the contrary, it is a
quiet, unpretending power, deliberating and de-
- ciding, and their decision becomes the law of the
Case, not the law of the land. I deem it important
that, that arm of the Government should be
" strengthened, not weakened. I think, sir, that
We cannot confer so great a benefit on the people
of this country a& to place in the high court
which meets in this Capitol, judges such as we
have now, and such as we have had in times past,
men of ability, learning, and independence, to
exercise in the last resort the judical power of the
Constitution; but in order" efficiently to execute
that power, you must not throw upon them dlilies
which, under the Constitution, do not properly
belong to them; but must leave them to the sole
and undivided execution of that high power which
is intrusted to them, compared with which the
po\vers of all other judiciaries dwindle into com-
parative insignificance. In this country the judi-
ciary is a power which decides questions peace-
ably, instead of solving them by the use of the
sword. It is the power that has been substituted
in lieu of the war power between the States of this
Union. That power is confided; and peaceably
and quietly it has given us here a Government of
thirty-one States, without the capacity to make
war upon each other. I am for strengthening that
arm of the Government.. I would place there men
of the highest ability, in whom the country have
confidence, and I would permit them to devote
their whole time and all their abilities to the exer-
cise of this high constitutional power. Having done
that, I would go into the circuits and I would
place there men of equal ability mid independence,
if they can be found, and permit them to exercise
that inferior branch of the Federal judicial power.
I would leave the system as it now is, so that the
district judges should, in their respective distri'.ts,
exercise the power conferred on them, and also
occupy a seat, which is rather one of consultation
than of authority, by the sideof the judges of the
circuit court, and communicate to the circuit judge
information that is peculiar to his own district m
which he resides.
The system proposed by the bill is simple. It
is in accoidance with the system which now exists.
It makes it more efficient. It provides more amply
for the wants of the whole country. It is capable
of indefinite expansion; and it carries out, most
perfectly, the theory of the Constitution.
These are my general views. I did not intend
to go into an extensive discussion of the bill, but,
in this stage of it, to throw out these general
considerations in advance, that those who have
done me the honor of listening to me may have
the benefit of them before they come to a decision
on thisqnes'ion.
Mr. GEYER. Mr. President, it seems to be
very generally agreed that a modification of tlie
present judicial system is indispensable. The
necessity for some change has long been felt.
Repeated attempts have been made in Congress
to accomplish what is so desirable, but they have
uniformly failed, because Congress luis not been
able to agree upon the details of a system. Sev-
eral plans have been, at different times, suggested,
and among them, both of those which are now
before the Senate. One of them proposes to con-
tinue the circuit court system, but to appoint
circuit judges as a substitute for the Judges of the
Supreme Court who now perform circuit duty,
and to withdraw the Judges of the Supreme Court
altogether from the circuits. The other proposes
to abolish the circuit courts, to transfer the juris-
diction of those courts to the district courts, and
to constitute an intermediate appellate court, com-
posed of all the judges of the district courts of the
circuit, with a Supreme Court Judge presiding.
The first plan is that proposed by the Committee
on the Judiciary, of which I have the honor to be
.a member, but, unfortunately, on this question I
was in the minority.
f cannot a?ree to a system which is to have the
effect of centralizing the Supreme Court; of dis-
charging them from all duties on the circuits,
withdrawing them from the districts of country to
which they are now assigned, and bringing them
to a common center at the seat of Government,
for the purpose of there, and there alone, dis-
charging their duties. The first effect of that will
be, that in process of time all the judges of the
Supreme Court may be found residing here near
the center, and may be appointed from any por-
tion of the Union. As it now is, while they are
continued upon the circuits, there appears to be a
sort of common-law rule, though not absolutely
obligatory, as the Constitution is, that they shall
be appointed from, the various portions of the
Union; and the different sections of the Union are
represented in that tribunal. I, for that reason,
thus generally stated, cannot agree to a system
which shall withdraw them entirely from the
circuits.
But, sir, we cannot continue the present system.
The Union has already grown too large for it.
Many of the States are denied the benefits which
are extended to others and were intended to be
given to all by the Constitution. I agree with
the honorable Senator from Michigan, that we
are not now upon the inquiry of how much juris-
diction ought to be given to these courts; but
when the United States courts are intended by the
Constitution to be instituted for the purpose of
enabling persons residing in different States having
causes of action to choose them as their tribunal,
we have no right to withhold from them what the
Constitution designed they should have—the elec-
tion between the local courts and the courts of the
United States, when they are citizens of different
States.
The present system cannot be extended. Some
of the States are already excluded from its bene-
fits. In extension on its present basis would in-
volve the necessity of an increase of the number
of Supreme Court Judges, and greatly, I think,
embarrass the transaction of businessin that high
tribunal. In my judgment, a system ought to'be
adopted, if we can agree upon one, which shall
not largely increase the number of Judges on the
bench of the Supreme Court, but yet enable them
to go to all parts of the Union, and as they cannot
sit in each district, let them sit in one place in a
circuit.
Prom the general view that I have thus pre-
sented, M>. President, it will be seen that 1 am
rather more favorable to the system proposed by
the honorable Senator from Illinois, than to that
proposed by'the Committee on the Judiciary.
There are, however, some of the details of ins
proposition to which 1 cannot agree. I think, for
example, that there is a serious objection to intro-
ducing the Territories into the different circuits,
and constituting the court of appeals within a par-
ticular circuit of the judges of the district courts
in the States connected with it and the judges of
the superior courts of the Territories. The judges
of the superior courts of the Territories are tempo-
rary appointments, and yet, according to the prop-
osition of the Senator from Illinois, they would
sit in an appellate court to decide upon the cases
adjudged by the judge of the court of the United
States, appointed under the Constitution in the
districts of the States. For example, the State of
Missouri, and the Territories of Nebraska, Kan-
sas, and New Mexico are, by the proposition of
the Senator from Illinois, to be in one circuit.
Upon an appeal from the district court of the dis-
trict of Missouri, the three supreme judges of the
Territories alone, could sit. That is an objection
to a matter of detail.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will state to the Senator,
that the three judges of a Territory would not be
there, but, in the case which he supposes, the chief
justice of Kansas, the chief justice of Nebraska,
and the chief justice of New Mexico, would sit in
the court of appeals.
Mr. GEYER. I understand that; but this is
the organization of a court of the United States
under the Constitution,and upon such a court we
could not have a judge with an appointment for a
term of years. That might be obviated by or-
ganizing theTerritories into districts, and appoint-
ing district judges with a permanent tenure.
1 had intended myself, Mr. President, to offer a
substitute for this bill, the main features of which
would correspond with that offered by the Sena-
tor from Illinois. My plan would be to transfer
the entire original jurisdiction of the circuit courts
to the district courts, and to constitute an inter-
mediate appellate jurisdiction composed as this
substitute proposes they shall be composed.; but
confiued in its appellate jurisdiction to cases of
which the court obtains jurisdiction solely on the
ground of citizenship in different States(and to
cases where the amount involved exceeds a certain
sum. I would not vest in that court appellate
jurisdiction in cases involving the construction of
the Constitution, or laws, or treaties of the United
States, nor any of those questions which are, by
the Constitution,committed to the Supreme Court.
I would have the appellate jurisdiction exercised
directly by writ of error, or appeal to the Supreme
Court from the district couK in :-ucli cases. To
the extent of the appellate jurisdiction of that in-
termediate appellate court, it ought, in my judg-
ment, to be final. *■
I do not think, with the honorable Senator from
Mississippi, that it is an object in this Govern-
ment to make litigation cheap or to encourage
persons in carrying cases to the Supreme Court
of the United States for adjudication. On the
contrary, I think it is the part of wisdom to limit
that appellate jurisdiction, and that persons who
engage in litigation may understand, also, that they
are to pay the expenses. I do not believe in the
idea, as it is commonly interpreted, of bringing
justice to every man's aoor. I think, if he has
far enough to travel to enable him to reflect often
before he gets to a point from which he cannot
retract, he may do himself justice by the judgment
he may form as to the propriety of going to law.
But, Mr. President, these are details. I rose
principally for the purpose of suggesting that all
we can do, perhaps all we ought to do, is to de-
termine if we can agree upon the frame-work of
a system. Let us first decide whether we shall
have additional judges appointed for the circuits.
That is the first question. The next will be,
whether we shall have circuit courts at all, and
whether the district courts shall be so organized
as to exercise the jurisdiction now vested in the
circuit courts; and then, after that, agree upon the
different circuits. In order to present directly to
the Senate a practical question, which will determ-
ine one of the great points to be determined before
we can act on the details, I move to strike out
the fourth section of the bill reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, which proposes the ap-
pointment of eleven additional circutt judges.
Mr. BUTLER. I suggest to the Senator to
move to strike out the first clause of the first sec-
tion. Tluit would be the same thing.
Mr. GEYER. It occurred to me, that striking
out the fouith section, if the Senate agreed to it,
would be decisive that we are notdisposed, ill this
change of systems, to create an additional number
of judges. That would settle one point. Then
another proposition might be offered as a part of
the substitute presented by the honorable Senator
from Illinois, to transfer the jurisdiction of the
circuit courts to the district courts, and then the
other details could be easily settled.
Mr. BUTLER. I should much prefer that my
friend would move to strike out that clause of the
first section which proposes to dispense with the
circuit duties of the Judges of the Supreme Courts
because, if I cannot have that object attained, I
certainly should not go for creating new circuit
judges at all. I would rather that the system
should remain as it is, than undertake to patch it
up, if we are to require the Judges of theSupreme
Court to perform circuit duty. If that point is
decided against me, I say, let the court stand as it
is; 1 will not go to any of your intermediate courts
tohaveone supreme judge, and have his opinions
overslaughed by five or six local judges, who, per-
haps, have never understood the great questions
that come before such a tribunal. I never would
consent to that. I never would consent to bring
a supreme judge down to such business as that.
Mr. GEYEIl. We know not what the inter-
mediate court, if there be any, may be called.
The object is still attained by moving to strike out
the fourth section. If it should be stricken out,
and the general principle of the plan proposed by
the Senator from Illinois be adopted, then I should
propose to recommit the bill, for the purpose of
having it amended, so as to make it harmonizo
with the system agreed upon by the Senate.
Mr. TOUCEY'. I should prefer that the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri 'would move to
strike out the first section, because that presents
the question upon which the whole debate almost
will turn. Are the Judges of the Supreme Court
to be required to do any duty beyond that of the
Supreme Court? If they are not, then some other
system must hfeadopted. If, on the contrary,,they
are to be. required to do. circuit duties, for one I
