198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
am disposed to patch up the existing system and
to keep it along until we reach the time when the
country will make a change that will supply its
wants. _
Mr. BUTLER. I suggest to the Senator from
Missouri to move to strike out the first section.
Mr. GEYER. I should be very glad to do any-
thing to accommodate the Senator. I repeat, I am
in favor of the Supreme Court Judges performing
circuit duties; but I am content no?/ to make any
motion that will test the principle.
Mr. BUTLER. Anything to try the question.
Mr. GEYER. I move, then, to strike out the
first section after the enacting clause.
Mr. CLAYTON. I do not know whether any
Senator desires now to address the Senate, on the
general merits of the bill. I do not rise for the
purpose of discussing, at this time, the relative
merits of the two systems which are before us;
but if no gentleman purposes to address the Sen-
ate upon the main question—the principles con-
tained in the two propositions, the bill and the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois—1 trust
no vote will be taken to test the question now.
The Senate is too thm, and the question too im-
portant. It ought to be decided in a full Senate,
and with full consideration. My friend from
Missouri has moved to strike out the first section.
That brings up the whole merits of the two antag-
onistic systems, and I trust we shall not be called
Upon to vote upon it to-day; but that the subject
may go over until the next meeting of the Senate.
I therefore submit the motion, that it be post-
poned to, and made the special order for, Tuesday
next.
The PRESIDENT. There are special orders
for Tuesday and Wednesday next.
Mr. CLAYTON. This subject is an important
one.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
postponement.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to acquit myself of a
duty to the country, and to the President, and to
Congress, by having this bill disposed of at as
early a period as possible. I should be very glad
to hear it discussed. It is an old subject, and has
been very fully discussed before. The plan pro-
posed by the substitute offered by the Senator
from Illinois is an old one, and has been can-
vassed upon other occasions. All that I should
have to say in reference to that—if I should have
occasion to sum up the views I entertain upon this
subject—would be, that it would turn the Supreme
Judge into a subordinate judge of that inferior
court. You would have four or five men enter-
taining the opinions prevailing in their local com-
munity; and you would send one Judge of the
Supreme Court to adopt their opinions, or be
overruled by them. In my opinion it would in-
troduce the very mischief we ought to overcome,
^"e ought to have an impartial tribunal, without
anything to do with the local prejudices of the
country, or with the local opinions of the law. I
hope my friend from Delaware will give us his
views upon the subject. I have no objection to
its going'over to Tuesday, provided we shall then
go on with it. I have said that I am not very
partial to this plan, but it is the only practicable
one we could agree upon.
Mr. DOUGL'AS. I have a few words to say
in reply to the Senator from Connecticut and the
Senator from South Carolina, upon the point that
by the substitute which I propose, a Judge of the
Supreme Court is to be made subordinate to the
judges of the district court. It is true, there may
be a case in which his opinion would be overruled
by his associates in the court of appeals below.
Take the illustration that I have given of the New
England, or any other circuit, with six district
judges on the bench. When an appeal comes
irom one of the district judges to those six judges,
it is possible that they would be unanimous in
their opinion that the law was one way, and that
the Judge of the Supreme Court of the United
States presiding in that court of appeals should
think otherwise; and suppose the six do overrule
him, does that degrade him > Does that put him
in an inferior position ' He *s their associate
there, it is true; but an appeal can be taken at
once to the Supreme Court of the United States ;
and then if the six district judges are wrong and
the Judge of the Supreme Court right, the Su-
preme Court will say so, and the law will be cor-
rectly expounded. I say, therefore, there is no
humiliation in that, for if he is right, the Supreme
Court of the United States will say so, and that
will vindicate the correctness of his opinion. He
will be on the Supreme bench as a member to'
vindicate his opinion, and will, to that extent,
have an advantage over the district judges, in the
decision of questions of law arising below.
A similar principle prevails now. You now
put a Judge of the Supreme Court by the side of
one district judge in holding the circuit court. If
there is any inferiority it consists in the fact that
they are put there as associates; and the objection
would be just as conclusive against the present
system as it would be against the one I propose;
for in a case now in the circuit court, on appeal,
if there is a diversity of opinion between the two
judges the one offsets the other; the one is equal
to the other; and it is certified to the Supreme
Court. I do not see, therefore, that there is any-
thing humiliating in sending the Judge of the
Supreme Court to preside in the court of appeals
unless it be the fact that the association would
make him inferior; and I do not think we ought
to assume that it would be so. We have good
lawyers, men of ability and of character, for the
judges of the district courts of the United States;
or if not, we certainly ought to have. There is
110 class of officers in all this Government whose
decisions and action have such a vital bearing upon
the interests of the country, as those of the district
judges in the several districts. Every description
of cases of the highest importance come before
them. They are selected because of their learn-
ing, high character, and capacity to decide upon
those questions; and I think it would not be humil-
iating to a J udge of the Supreme Court to have them
as his associates in the court of appeals.
My friend from Connecticut argues that the
present system does not extend to all the States in
the Union; and it might be inferred from his re-
1 mark, that the same objection exists to the one I
| propose. I am aware that the existing system
I does not reach Texas, Iowa, Wisconsin, orCali-
i forma, or in fact that it does not 
! Mr. TOUCEY. I did not mean to be so under-
stood in regard to the Senator's substitute, for I
agree that it does extend to the whole country.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I presumed he did not me^n
to convey that impression; yet 1 deemed it proper
to refer to that f&ct in order that a misapprehen-
sion might not be drawn from misunderstanding
his remarks. It is a conclusive objection against
the present system, that there is not equality be-
tween the States in the judicial system. Texas
has as much right to have her interests disposed
of by the highest tribunal, or a tribunal of equal
grade in all its intermediate stages, as New Yoik.
So has Iowa. So has the youngest State in the
Union: and I think it is improper that a judicial
system should beallowed tocontinue in existence
for a single year which does not give as ample jus-
tice, and as ample facilities for theadministration of
justice by tribunals of the same grade in one State
as in another; and it is one of the chief merits of
the plan that I suggest, that there would be per-
fect equality as to all the States in the Union, and
that it is based upon a system capable of expan-
sion to any extent that may be desired for new
States and Territories.
The objection of my friend from Missouri [Mr.
Geyer,] arises from the fact that I provide for the
existing Territories by making the chiefjustices of
those Territories, associate justices in the court of
appeals below. If that objection is well founded—
and it occurred to me at the time that there might
be an objection on that score—he has suggested
the remedy, to provide for a district judge of the
United States, for each of those Territories while
a Territory. I do not know but that his sugges-
tion is worthy of being incorporated in the bill.
But that is a matter of detail, which will come up
when we come to consider the different portions
of the substitute.
I say again it is with thegreatest deference and
diffidence! have brought forward a measure of
this kind. It is not new, as the Senator from
South Carolina says; but it is taking old princi-
ples and applying them, so as to accomplish a
result which we all acknowledge is desired. If
the bill is not to be recommitted, I hope that,after
a discussion of the general principles, we shall
take the substitute section by section and modify
each as we go along, in order to meet the views
of the Senate. I am satisfied it is not perfect.
No man could write a bill that should be perfect
in all its sections; least of all could one with as
limited experience as I have had in courts and
jurisprudence be expected to do so. My object
is to make this tribute to that profession towards
which I bear a very high respect and a great deal
of gratitude. I offer it in order that the Senate
may dispose of it for what it is worth, after making
such modifications as their investigations shall
show to be right.
Mr. WELLE 11. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; ?nd the Senate ad-
journed to Tuesday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 5, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Mileurn.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and appro ved.
Mr. HUNT, by unanimous consent, reported,
from the Committee on Military Affairs, a bill
for the relief of Richard Fitzpatrick; which bill
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, made
the order of the day for to-morrow, and the bill
and report ordered to be printed.
Mr WALBRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial of the New York Life-
Savmg Benevolent Association, and the memorial
of all the Marine Insurance Companies of New
York, asking for the fitting out an expedition for
the rescue of Coliimander Kane, of the American
Arctic Expedition, now in the Arctic zone; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FULLER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be allowed
to employ a clerk, at a compensation not to exceed four
dollars per day.
Mr. HILLYER,from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, introduced, by unanimous consent,
the following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Rewlved^ That the Committee on Private Land Claims
be authorized to employ a clerk, at a ratp of compensation
not to exceed four dollars per day.
Mr. WARREN, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Public Lands, reported back
Senate bill (No. 277) for the relief of Theresa
Dardenne, widow of Abraham Dardenne; which
was read, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LINDSLEY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to withdraw from the files of
the House the petition and papers of Benjamin
Gregg, to be re-presented at a future time.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to it, unless copies
be left on file, or unless he leaves the original, and
takes copies.
Mr. LINDSLEY. I will leave copies on file.
The SPEAKER. An order to that effect will
be entered.
Mr. LINDSLEY gave notice, that to-morrow,
or on some future day, he should ask leave to
introduce a bill for the increase of the salary of
the collector of the port of Sandusky.
Mr. CURTIS. I ask the House to discharge
me from further service upon the Committee of
Claims. My duties on the Committee on Ac-
counts are such as to render it impossible for me
to serve upon the Committee of Claims during
the remainder of the session.
The question was taken;and the gentleman was
excused.
The Speaker thereupon appointed J. Glancy
Jones to fill the vacancy.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill making appropriations
ior continuing the repairs of the injury done to the
Government works at Plymouth Beach, Massa-
chusetts; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
DELEGATE PROM NEBRASKA.
Mr. PHELPS announced that the Delegate
from the Territory of Nebraska (Nai-oleon B.
Giddings) was present, and desired to take the
oath of office.
