200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 5,
The titles are as follows:
A bill for the relief of'William Brown;
A bill for the relief of James Mclntire;
A bill 'for the relief of Solomon la Follette;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Foman; and*
A bill for the relief of Loraaa C. Ramsey and
Ananias Richardson.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, reported
back the following petitions; which were laid upon
the table, and the committee discharged from the
further consideration thereof:
Petition of Lydia Andrews, widow of Benjamin
Andrews, a pensioner in the war of 1812;
Petition of Andrew Lawson, of Tennessee, pray-
ing for back pay;
Petition of L.J. Francisco and forty-five others,
citizens of Ohio, praying that a pension may be
granted to William Morris;
Petition of Comfort Willy, formerly widow of
David Compernell, of New Hampshire, a soldier
in the war of 1812, praying for a pension;
Petition of John Elwin, of Kent, New York,
praying for a pension;
Petition of Thomas Poulson, of Pennsylvania,
praying for a bounty land warrant in consideration
of services in the war with Mexico;
Petition of Dudley t'. Holt, a soldier in the
war of 1812, praying for an invalid pension;
Petition of John Campbell, praying for a pen-
sion in consideration of his services in the war of
1813;
Petition of Edward Runney, of Yorkcounty, in
the State of Maine, praying for a pension in con-
sideration of his services in the war of 1812;
Petition of Caleb Stover, of Rockland, Maine,
praying for an increase of pension;
Petition of March Farrington, praying for an
increase of pension;
Petition of K. J. Murray, of the State of Geor-
gia, praying for a pension in consideration of his
cervices in the Indian war of 1818;
Petition of the children of Joseph Dale for a
pension on account of the death of their father from
disease contracted jn the service of the United
States;
Petition of Richard Reynolds, for an increase of
pension;
Petition of Henry Young, of York county,
Pennsylvania, praying for compensation for dis-
ability incurred in the service of the United States
during the war with Mexico;
Petition of Sally Sleyter, of Michigan, praying
for a pension;
Petition of Hiram Seat, a teamster during the
war with Mexico, praying for a pension;
Petition of Mrs. Rachel McMillan, praying for
a pension;
Petition of John Morris, praying for a pension
on account of disability incurred while in the
service of the United States;
Petition of Luther Cole, of Montgomery, Ver-
mont, praying for renewal of his pension; and the
Petition of General F. Dunckel, of New Jersey,
a quartermaster in the war of 1812, praying for a
pension from the time of his discharge.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio, reported a bill for the
relief of Wyatt Griffeth, of Washington county,
in the State of Tennessee; which bill was read
twice by its title, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill to repeal an act entitled "An act for the
relief of George M. Bentley, of the State of Iowa,"
approved Augusts, 1854; which received the same
order and reference.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
back the following petitions; which were laid upon
the table, and the committee discharged from the
further consideration thereof:
Petition of Christopher H. Williams and others,
citizens of Henderson county, Tennessee, in behalf
of Thomas Boatwright;
Petition of Thomas J. Napier, praying for'a
pension; and the
Petition of Ebenezer Hitchcock, praying for a
pension on account of disability incurred in the
military service of the United States.
On motion by Mr. STUART, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Jane Gas-
ton, of South Carolina, widow of Joseph Gaston,
praying that the pension granted to, her husband
may be continued to her; and the sam& was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
Mr. THURSTON, from the Committee on
Patents, reported back the following petitions;
which were laid on the table, and the committee
discharged from the further consideration thereof:
Petition of Joseph S. Kite, praying compensa-
tion for his patent for safety beams in railroad
cars, by which the dangerous consequences of the
breaking those axles may be avoided;
Petition of A. Arnold, for the renewal of his
patent; and the
Petition of James H. Stimpson, for an exten-
sion of his patent.
Mr. HILL, from the same committee, reported
back the following petitions; which were laid
upon the table, and the committee discharged
from the further consideration thereof:
Petition of Duke Williams, praying Congress
to grant him a patent;
Petition of William Atkinson, for an extension
of patent for the manufacture of India rubber
cloth;
Petition of N. "W. Woodworth, administrator
of William Woodworth, deceased, for the exten-
sion of a patent; and the
Petition of William Emmons, jr., praying that
a patent may be granted for an invention of his
son William Emmons, deceased.
Mr. STUART, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Isaac Allen, of Turner,
in the State of Maine, which has received its first
and second reading; referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and made the order of the day
for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I am instructed
by the Committee on Printing to report to the
House a resolution, upon the adoption of whieh
I demand the previous question. The resolution
is as follows:
Resolved That twenty thousand extra copies of the Pres-
idents message, delivered to tins II nine on the 2d day of
January, be printed for the use of the members of this
Home..
The previous question received a second; and
the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. What message*
is it that the resolution proposes to print?
Mr. STANTON. The veto message.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I am opposed to the
resolution.
The question now being upon the adoption of
the resolution,
Mr. STANTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stantok, of
Kentucky,and Wheeler, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
sixty-three in the affirmative.
Mr. CAMPBELL called for the yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. I-IENDRICICS. Is it in order to move
that the Mouse resolve itself into a Committee of
the Whole on the Private Calendar?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, for the
reason that the main question has been ordered to
be put.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 51; as follows:
Y HAS—Messrs. J-lmesC. Allen. David J. Bailey, Thomas
II. lia>ly, IS.irkMlale, Barry, Belcher, Bell, Mocoek, Boyee,
Oaslae, Clailc, Clubman, Cobb, Cnnqe, Curtis, John G.
D.lvis, Dawson, Dowdell, Dunbar, Eduiundson, Faulkner,
Condii. Green, Greenwood, Grow, Sampson VV. Harris,
Ilemliieks, lienii, Oliver, Hughes, Johnson, Gnorso vv.
Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Roland Jones, Kidwell, Kurtz,
Land), Lane, Latham, Lewis, Lilly, Lihdsli y, Macdonald,
Mciiou^all, MeMullin, McQueen, Macy, Maxwell, May,
Morrison, Nichols, Orr, Bishop Perkins, Jolin Perkins,
Phelps, Phillips, Pratt, Riddle, Thomas Ritcbey, Itobbins,
Ruffin, Hejmotir, Shannon, Shaw, ISliower, Skelton,
Samuel A. Wnnth, William Smith, George W. Smyth,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H Stanton, Hestor L.
Stevens, Shalton, Stiaub, Andrew Stuart. John J. Taylor,
Teller, 'J linrston, Tiont, Tweed, Wade, Walbridge, War-
ren, Wells, Wcstbrnok, and Daniel B. Wright—66.
NAYS—M essrs. Benson, Bristow, Campbell, Carpenter,
Caruthers, Chandler, Chrisman, Cook, Corwin, Cox, Cul-
lom, Dick, EaMman, Ldumnds, Thomas D. Eliot, Elher-
ulge, l'Vnton, Franklin, Goodrich, Hamilton, Aaron Har-
lan, ilavf n, Hiester, fltil, Howe. Kerr, Knox, Maee, May-
ad, iVlKidle.vwaith, Morgan, Noiton, Mordecai Oliver,
Pailter, Ptiii lc, Purycar, Ready. Russell, Sapp, Simmons,
Alexander II. Stephens, John L. Taylor. Upham, Vansant,
Walley, Eihhu B. Washhurne, Israel Washburn, Tappan
Wentvvonh, Wtieelur, Yates, and ZoMcoffer—50.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted) and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on thetable; which latter motion was
agreed to.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask now to report a couple
of bills from the Committee on Private Claims,
which I had not by me when that committee was
called for reports, a moment ago. I merely wish,
to have them referred to a Committee of the Whole
House.
The following bills were accordingly read afirst
and second time by their titles, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed:
Bill for the relief of William A. Christian; and
Bill for the relief of Sarah Morris, only heir
of Robert Mitchell, deceased.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported back Senate bill
(No. 192) for the relief of Amos Knapp, with a
recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask that that bill, in-
stead of being laid on the table, be referred to
a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. STUART. I have no objection to its
taking that reference. I move, therefore, that it
be referred to a Committee of the Whole House.
It was so ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the House
do now resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Indiana indulge me for a moment by withdrawing
his motion ? I have sent to our committee room
for a resolution, which I ask to have read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Certainly; I withdraw
my motion for the .present.
Mr. ETHERIDGE then reported from said
committee a joint resolution for the relief of G.
W. McCerran; which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COBB. I rise to a question of privilege.
I am requested to ask that the vote by which the
case of Duke Williams—reported by the Commit-
tee on Patents—was laid on the table, be recon-
sidered; and that the motion may lie over for the
present.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bill; which thereupon received the signature of
the Speaker:
Act to incorporate the Mutual Fire Insurance
Company of the District of Columbia.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I now renew my motion
that the House resolve itself into a Committee of
the Whole on the Private Calendar.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar,
(Mr. Phillips in the chair.J
The CHAIR.MAN. The first bill on the Cal-
endar is a bill for the relief of Samuel Colt.
Mr. LETCHER. This is objection day, I be-
lieve; and it has been the rule heretofore, on objec-
tion day, to commenceatthe pointin the Calendar
at which the committee left off on the previous
objection day. I move the committee adopt that
rule.
The CHAIRMAN. I understand that rule to
depend upon the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; 1 think the majority
can do it.
Mr. HAVEN. I believe the rule on the sub-
ject is express.
_ The CHAIRMAN. Then the first bill in order
is House bill No. 361.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I object to all on the
Calendar down to that.
Mr. HAVEN. Is the question raised by. the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] dis-
posed of?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has objecte II the bills down to No. 3G1.
Mr. HAVEN. * desire to say that, the 30>i\
rule of the House is express that the Chair shall
commence calling* the Calendar, on objection d&y>
where he left off the previous day.
