1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
aar
The CHAIRMAN. It amounts to the same
thing as if the Chair had so ruled, inasmuch as
objection has been made to all bills down to that
point. It is, therefore, as the gentleman from
Mew York requires it to be,
Mr. HAVEN'. Yes, it amounts to the same
point, but not on the same principle. [Laughter.]
House bill (No. 361) for the relief of the widow
and children of Ezra Chapman, deceased.
The bill was read by the Clerk..
It directs the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury to pay to the administrators of Ezra
Chapman, deceased, for the benefit of his widow
and children, $840, with interest from the 22d of
March, 1838.
Prom the report it appears that Ezra Chapman
claims to be the only son and heir-at-law of Ezra
Chapman, deceased, who was an ensign in the
Army of the Revolution, and died in the service on
the 1st day of September, 1778, and, as such, was
entitled to the provisions of the resolution of the
Continental Congress, passed August 24, 1781),
granting half-pay for seven years to the widows
and orphans of the officers who had died in the
service. It appears from the evidence presented by
the memorialist, that his father, Ezra Chapman,
senior, on the 6th day of August, 1777, entered
into the service of the army as an ensign, and con-
tinued in service until the 1st day of September,
1778, whenhedied; thatthesaid Ezra left awidow
aftd ones'on, the memorialist, then about five years
of age; and that neither the said widow or the
memorialist, has ever received the seven years'
half-pay of the said Ezra, deceased, to which Ilia
widow became entitled by virtue of the resolution
of Congress, passed the 24th day of August,
1780.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to move an amendment
to the bill: to strike ojjtthe words " together with
interest thereon from the22d day of March, 1838 "
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it pass.
House bill (No. 362) for the relief of the heirs
and legal representatives of Joseph. Savage, de-
censed.
The bill in this case directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to the legal representatives of
Joseph Savage, deceased, five years' full pay of a
surgeon's mate in the Continental line of the Army
of the Revolution, with interest on the same from
the let day of January, 1837.
It appears from the report in this case, that the
said Joseph Savage was a surgeon's mate in the
Virginia Continental line of the revolutionary
array; that he entered the service in 1778,and
remained therein until the disbanding of the army
at the close of the war. IT is heirs, the petitioners,
lay claim to the commutation pay to which officers
of the revolutionary army who rendered service
until the end of the war were entitled by act of
Congress. They have failed to receive the said
commutation pay because their said ancestor has
been held not to come within the class of officers
to whom commutation pay was promised.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to strike out so
much of the bill as proposes to give interest.
The question was taken; and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 desire to offer a further
amendment, in the shape of a proviso to the bill:
Provided, That said sum shall be received in full dis-
cbatfie of all demands against (he Government on that
account.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 363) for the relief of the heirs
of Thomas Parks, deceased.
The bill in this case directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to the heirs and legal representa-
tives of Thomas Parks, deceased, the sum of $800,
with interest on the same from the lst-of January,
1830.
From the report in this case, it appears that
Thomas Parks, during the war of the Revolution,
was captain of a privateer called the Prudence,
commissioned by Governor Trumbull, of Connec-
ticut. That in the month of February, 1782, while
cruising off the coast of Connecticut, found
floating and took upa quantity of sails and rigging,
belonging to the British vessel-of-war Bedford,
and which had been thrown overboard in a gale.
That, in the month of April thereafter, he sold
the sails and rigeing to Captain Harding, then
commanding the Continental vessel Confederacy;
that they were sold to him as agent for the Gov-
ernment, and for the national benefit, for the sum
of eight hundred dollars; that Captain Harding
gave a receipt for the property, and promised to
procure the money from the United States Gov-
ernment, and pay it over. That subsequently, a
party of Tories made an incursion into Groton,
broke open Captain Parks'a. house in the night,
plundered it of everything valuable, and, among
the rest of his papers, the said receipt.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New. York. I see that, the
bill in this case provides, for the payment to the
" heirs and legal representatives." 1 move, there-
fore, to strike out the words " heirs and," so as
to make the payment go to the legal representa-
tives alone.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I now move my standing
amendment, to strike out the provision for the
payment of interest.
The question was taken; and the motion was
lost.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I object to the bill.
Mr. SEYMOUR. That cannot be done now.
It is too late.
Mr. HAMILTON. A member can object at
any time before the bill is laid aside to be reported
to the House, and this has not yet been laid
aside.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Virginia insist upon his objection?
Mr. LETCHER. I do.
Mr. C013B. Then I call for tellers upon the"
gentleman's motion to strike out the interest.
Mr. WENTWOR.T1I, of Massachusetts. Does
not this objection to the bill come too late?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. LETCHER. I will withdraw my objec-
tion if the House will strike'out the provision for
the payment of interest.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Some of my
constituents are interested in this bill, and I would
rather have the interest clause struck out, than
that the bill should be passed over.
The question was again taken upon the motion
to strike out the interest, and it was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 now move to add these
words to the bill:
ProiivViZ, That the said sum be received in full of all de-
mands against the Government, on that account.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then, laid aside, to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
[A. message was here received from the Senate,
(the committee informally rising for that pur-
pose,) by Asburt Dickins, Esq., their Secretary,
informing the House that the Senate had passed
a bill of the House making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy for the year
ending June 30, 1856, with amendments, in which
he wus directed to ask the. concurrence of the
House.]
The committee resuming its session, the next
bill which came up in order for consideration, was
Senate bill (No. 72) for the relief of the heirs and
representatives of Uriah Pr-ewitt, deceased.
This bill provides authority to the heirs and
legal representatives of Uriah Prewitt, deceased,
to locate on any unappropriated public lands in
the State of Louisiana, the quantity of four hun-
dred and twenty-four acres.
The report was then read.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to know how
they can locate that quantity of land, four hun-
dred and twenty-four acres? The public lands
are laid off m divisions of given quantities, in half
and quarter sections, <fec., and there is no division
which corresponds with four hundred and twenty-
four acres.
Mr. SMITH, ofTennessee. I wish to submit
a motion to obviate the difficulty which appears
to arise in reference to this bill.
Mr. DUNHAM. If the gentleman will permit
me, I will say that there is no difficulty at ail. In
locating lands parties must, of course, locate what
they are entitled to, according to the regular divis-
ion into which the land&are.dmdsd by th^Gbav-
eminent, and then* if they have more than they
are entitled to, they can.pay for the extra amount
to the Government. An individual has a right to
do so, in ail cases where lands are located in that
way. Besides, that, there is no difficulty, for
another reason, that in all the land States there
are fractional sectionn of land of every quantity.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. The claim in this
case is evidently a just one for the whole amount
specified in the bill. Therefore I propose to
amend the bill so as to increase the quantity to
such an amount as will make it conform to the
number of acres contained in one of the regular
Government divisions.
Mr. HAMILTON. If there is to beany morev
discussion on this subject, I shall object to tbe bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suggest to my
colleague [Mr. Smith] that it is a daily practice
at the Land Office to issue scrip upon Virginia
land warrants, in amounts which do not corre-
spond to the regular divisions of the United States
surveys, and when a person gets one of these
warrants, and locates it'upon the land", if there is
an excess he pays the difference. So there is no
difficulty. If the amount of land contained in
this bill is right, let the bill pass with that amount.
Mr. SMITH. I wished only to avoid the ob-
jection which was raised by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] and as it appears there
will be no practical difficulty in the location of thig
amount, I withdraw my amendment.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
The next bill which came up in order for con-
sideration w-as Senate biJI (No. 306) for the relief
of the legal representatives of James Erwin, of
Arkansas, and others.
The bill, which was read in, ezienso, provides
for the. payment to James Erwin a remuneration
for the losses sustained by him upon a contract
made with the United States in 18.14, and also to
James Erwin and the heirs of Daniel Greenhouse*
remuneration for losses sustained on a contract
made by said Erwin and Greenhouse, in 1835,
with the United States.
It appears from the report, that the claimant
James Erwin, on the 30th of October, 1834, en-
tered into a contract with Captain Jacob Brown,
of the United States Army, to furnish to the Uni-
ted States a quantity of corn, beef, salt, and a
number of pack-horses, wagons, teams, and team-
sters, for the subsistence and transportation of a
large number of Creek Indians, then about to be
removed to their new homes west of Arkansas;
and that he, in compliance with his-contract, did
provide and have ready, at the times and places
required, the stipulated quantity of corn, and beef,
and salt, and a number of wagons and teams to
carry out his contract.
It further appears no Indians came to consume
the corn, beef, and salt, or to give employment to
his pack-horses, wagons, teams, and teamsters;
and that, in consequence of this failure on the
part of the Indians to emigrate, he sustained a
heavy loss, and asks the United States to pay him
for his losses.
It further appears that, on the.Slst of Decem-
ber, 1835, fourteen months after entering into his
first contract, the aforesaid James Erwjn, and a
certain Daniel Greenhouse, entered into two con-
tracts with the before-mentioned Captain Jacob
Brown, one of which was to subsist the emigra-
ting Seminole Indians, and the other was for their
transportation to the country west of Arkansas.
This contract resembles the one for the removal
of the Creek Indians, in terms-and the result.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 3G9) for indemnifying Moses
D. Hogan for cattle destroyed by the Indians in
1842.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized to pay Moses D. Hocan,
or his legal representatives, the sum^of $500, in
full satisfaction of his claim against the United
S ates. for cattle taken or destroyed in the year
1842.
It appears from the report, which was read in
extenso, that, in August or-September, 1842, Moses
D. Hogan entered into a contract with Amos J.
Bruce, then the acting sub-a«ent on the part of the
United States for the Sioux Indians, near £\>rt
Sneiling, to furnish those Indians with, beef ^ad
