202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January A,
stock cattle; and that having said cattle on hand,
he proceeded to drive the said cattle to the point
stipulated for their delivery; that when within
about sixty miles of such place, a large band of
Indians, supposed to be a band of the Sioux, fell
upon them, rushed upon their drove of cattle,
shooting some, and driving off others, to the num-
ber of twenty in all, valued at twenty-five dollars
each.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 114) for the relief of Thomas
Pember.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That bill is reported with
a recommendation that it do not pass. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his objection to enable me to submit the mo-
tion that the bill be laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do not pass.
I do not see why these bills which are reported
unfavorably upon by committees of the Hou3e
should remain to fill up the Calendar.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should have no objec-
tion to the suggestion of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, if these bills could be finally disposed of
here, but when they come before the House they
may give'rise to discussion, and prevent the pas-
sage of the other bills which we report with a
recommendation that they do pass. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman refuses to
withdraw his objection, of course I have nothing
to say.
Senate bill (No. 115) for the relief of Samuel
Mickum. [Objected to by Mr. Hendricks.]
Senate bill (No. 30) for the relief of Thomas
Marston Taylor.
The bill provides that the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury Department be directed
to allow to Thomas Marston Taylor, a purser in
the United States Navy, in the settlement of his
accounts, for such deficiency as he shall show to
exist by reason of his making deposits of Treasury
notes in the Phosnix Bank, at Charlestown, Mas-
sachusetts, subsequent to April, 1842, and also to
allow said Taylor such reasonable and proper
expenses as he has actually incurred and paid, in ;
prosecuting any suit brought to enforce (he sup-
posed priority of the claims of the United States
over other creditors upon the assets of said bank
in the hands of trustees, the proper evidence there-
of being furnished by Taylor to the accounting
officers aforesaid.
Mr. LETCHER. When that case last "came
before the committee, I stated that, if the gentle-
man who reported it was willing to accept an
amendment by which no allowance should be
made for lawyers' fees, I would not object. I am
willing to accede to the same proposition now, if
the friends of the bill wish it; otherwise 1 shall
object.
Mr. WALLEY. I am authorized to state that
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Virginia will be accepted. But, at the same time,
I hope the House will not adopt the amendment.
It seems to me that it is a hard case that reason-
able expenses in the prosecution of this suit should
not be allowed; and especially when they have
been allowed in other cases which are precisely
similar to this. I, however, shall make no oppo-
sition to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I now propose to further
amend the bill by adding, at the end, the following
words:
Provided, That said sum shall be received in full of all
demands against the Covermuuut on this account.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 31) for the relief of Purser
Francis B. Stockton.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to pay Francis B. Stockton, a
purser in the United States Navy, the sum of i
$67 57, being the amount of loss sustained by him 1
by reason of making his deposits of public money
in the Phccnix Bank, Charlestown, Massachu-
setts.
Mr, LETCHER. I think the same proviso
had better be appended to that bill. I do not want
to hear from these claims again hereafter. I
move to amend by adding, at the end of the bill,
these words:
Provided, That said sum sha'l be received in full of all
demands against the Government on tilts account.
The amendment was adopted.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 387) for the relief of Francis
Petit Smith. [Objected to by Mr. Haven.]
House bill (No. 394) for the relief of Nathaniel
Goddard and others. [Objected to by Mr. Hen-
dricks.]
Senate resolution (No. 8) for the relief of the
owners of the steamer Fanny.
The joint resolution and report were read.
Mr. MILLSON. As that resolution involves
a question of very considerable nicety and im-
portance, one that was discussed in the Committee
on Commerce at some length, it ought not to pass
without consideration, and I, therefore, object
to it.
Mr. HUNT. I hope the gentleman will state
his objection.
Mr. MILLSON. I would do so with pleasure
if 1 was at liberty to do so under the rules; but
this is objection day.
Mr. DUNBAR. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will withdraw his objection. The matter
can be decided as well now as at any other time.
This is a Senate resolution. It has passed the
Senate, arid has been before the Committee on
Commerce, and we may as well determine at once
whether it shall pass or not.
Mr. MILLSON. I would withdraw my ob-
jection with pleasure, if it were competent for us
to consider and discuss the resolution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to fin ther debate.
The resolution is objected to, and must be passed
over.
House bill (No. 397) for the relief of Mrs.
Mary A. M. Jones. [Objected to by Mr. Hen-
dricks.]
House bill (No. 401) to provide for three
months' extra pay to the third regiment of Mis-
souri volunteers. [Objected to by Mr. Kerr.]
Senate bill (No. 3j) for the relief of M. K.
Warrington and C. St. J. Chubb, executors of
Captain Lewis Warrington, and others. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Letcher.]
Senate bill (No. 300) for the relief of Thomas
Rhodes. [Objected to by Mr. Jokes, of Ten-
nessee.]
Senate resolution (No. 19) for the relief of Re-
beca J. Burdsall.
The bill was read. It directs the Postmaster
General to pay to Rebecca J. Burdsall, widow of
Ira Burdsall, late mail agent of the United States,
the balance of pay for the current year to which
her late husband would have been entitled had he
lived.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object.
The bill was passed over.
House bill (No. 408) for the relief of Thomas
Underhill, executor of Thomas Underhill, de-
ceased.
T-he bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Thomas Underhill, executor of Thomas
Underhill, deceased, the sum of ยง11,055, in full
payment for damages sustained and property used
by the ninth regiment of the Virginia army of the
Revolution. From the report it appears that about
the commencement of the revolutionary war, the
testator, Thomas Underhill, leased a farm lying
in Northampton county, Virginia, for a term of
years, including the hands, slaves, horses, and
farming utensils generally, for <ยฃ'553, Virginia
currency; that in 1778, the ninth Virginia regi-
ment was quartered on said farm, took possession
of it, burned the fences, prevented the slaves from
laboring, and otherwise inflicted loss on the testa-
tor.
Mr. BA YLY, of Virginia. I move that the bill
be laid aside, to be reported to the House with a
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. HENDRICKS. How much money does
it appropriate ?
The CHAIRMAN. Over $11,000.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 409) for the relief of Stephen
Luiz, of New York.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to refund and pay to Stephen Lutz, of New York,
$500, with interest, at the rate of six per centum
per annum, from the 10th of March, 1851, being
the amount paid by him for thirty-one cases con-
taining machinery and apparatus for the light, or
lantern of a light-house, imported into the port of
New York, in the United States, and which were, .
through mistake or inadvertence, sold by public
sale, made by the direction .of the then collector
of the port of New York, as being property liable
to the payment of duties, and which had remained
in public store for more than nine months, without
being claimed by any person, and on which no
duties or expenses of storage had been paid.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 413) for the relief of Henry
Gardner and others. [Objected to by Mr.
Letcher.]
House bill (No. 422) for the relief of Conrad
Wheat, jr., or his legal representatives.
Mr. HILLYER. I would state to the commit-
tee that a bill, identical with the one now before
the committee, passed Congress at the last session.
The next bill on the Calendar, (No. 298,) to con-
firm the claim of William H. Henderson, and the
heirs of Robert Henderson, to five hundred acres
of land in the Bastrop grant, is of the .same
character. I move that they be laid aside, to be
reported to the House with a recommendation
that they do not pass.
The motion was agreed to.
Senate bill (No. 170) for the relief of Mrs.
Helen Mackay, administratrix of Lieutenant Col-
onel jEneas Mackay, late a deputy quartermaster
general in the United States Army. [Objected to
by Mr. Faulkner.]
Senate bill (No. 285) for the relief of the heirs
of Brigadier General Richard B. Mason.
The bill provides that "all the provisions of
the act approved February 3, 1853, entitled 'An
act for the relief of Brevet Brigadier General
Riley, and to enable him to settle his accounts
with the United States,' be applied to the heirs of
Brigadier General Richard B. Mason, in reference
to ail moneys raised and collected by him for con-
tributions, penalties, internal assessments, duties,
or other objects, in California, from June 1,1847,
to July 15,1849, and that the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury Department, in settling
the accounts of said Mason, be authorized and
required to allow as a credit, a commission of one
and a half per cent, upon the moneys so raised,
collected, and disbursed by the said Mason while
he was Governor of California, during the time
stated above."
Mr. WHEELER. I wish to know if this
officer received pay as a military officer during
that time, and if he now asks for additional pay?
Mr. LATHAM. In reply to the gentleman
from New York, I will state for the information
of the committee, that General Mason, as a mat-
ter of course, received the compensation to which
he was entitled as an officer of the Army. But
the duties of a collector were imposed upon him,
which were entirely different from those that be-
longed to his military office. He performed the
duties of collector at the port of San Francisco;
and had to collect all the revenue there which was
to be paid into the national Treasury. The bill
now under consideration, merely gives him a com-
pensation in payment for the additional duties
then imposed upon him. If this were a new mat-
ter, objection might very well be raised; but this
whole question of giving compensation in such
cases was fully argued, when the claims of Gen-
era! Riley was submitted to Congress; and it was
then decided that the claim should be allowed.
Mr. WHEELER. What is the amount of
the claim'
Mr. LATHAM. The whole amount of the
claim that the heirs of General Mason would eret,
is less than $4,000.
Mr. WHEELER. How long was he collector
of the port?
Mr. LATHAM. Some three years.
Mr. HUGHES. I understand that the gentle-
man will receive this pay as an officer. That
being the case, I object to it.
Senate resolution (No. 14) authorizing settle-
ments under certain mail contracts. [Objected to
by Mr. Grow.]
Senate bill (No. 145) for the relief of John G.
Camp.
The bill was read by the Clerk.
