1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As there seems
to be no report in this case, I object to it.
Mr. MAXWELL. There is a report, for it
was read at the last session of Congress.
Mr. SEYMOUR. The claim in this case is a
well founded one, and I think I can state, in a
few words, its merits. By a former construction
of the law relating to marshals, they were not
allowed for traveling expenses the same that was
allowed them by a subsequent and existing con-
struction of the law. A decision has been made
by the Supreme Court giving marshals more than
was allowed them at the Treasury Department.
The marshal, in this case, under the present con-
struction of the law, would be entitled to what he
claims, but the account having been settled at the
Treasury Department, it has been ruled out at that
Department upon the ground that a matter having
once been settled could not be again opened.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 wish to ask the gentle-
man from Connecticut, who reported this bill, a
question. It is, whether all the marshals of the
United States, during the same years, do not
occupy the same position with this claimant, and
whether the passage of this bill will not lead the
way to the opening of all their accounts?
Mr. SEYMOUR. I did not report this bill.
It was reported by the chairman of the committee,
but I recollect that the subject was a matter of in-
tjuiry,arid my impression is, that the result of that
inquiry was, that very few claims would arise in
consequence of the passage of this bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There certainly seems to
. be a chance for it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I do not
know of a single claim of this kind, other than the
one now before the House. But if there were a
hundred, it would be the duty of Congress to
pay them.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I know of claims of
this kind which will be set up. I object to the
bill, unless it be made general.
The bill was accordingly laid over.
Senate bill (No. 337) for the relief of Eliza M.
Evans.
The bill was read.
Mr. LETCHER. This is a bill to pay interest
from 1780, and nothing else, and I object to it.
Mr. LILLY. Will the gentleman allow the
report to be read ?
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; X object, without
the reading.
House bill (No. 451) for the relief of John II.
King.
Tlie bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of War to pay to John 11. King $277 78, due to
him for salary as director of the nil 13 factory nt
Harper's Ferry armory, from January 21, 1840,
to June 10, 1841.
The report shows that the memorialist was an
inspector at the Harper's Ferry armory in 1839
and 1840; that during the latter part of the year
1839, Captain John II. Hall, who held an office
higher than that held by the memoiiulist, became
incapacitated to perform the duties of his posi-
tion, and that they were performed by the me-
morialist, as the next officer; that, on the 21*31 of
January, 1840, Captain Hall .still being sick, the
superintendent of the armory gave the memo-
rialist a written order to perform the duties of
director temporarily; and that the memorialist
continued to perform the duties of director until
after the death of Captain Hall, when the memo-
rialist, on the 10th of June, 1841, received a per-
manent appointment to the said position.
No objection being made, the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 450) for the relief of James
Greer, deceased. [Objected to by Mr. Haven.]
. House bill (No. 453) providing for the grant
of land to the Vermont volunteers, for their ser-
vices at the battle of Plattsburg. [Objected to by
Mr. Henn.]
House bill (No. 454) for the relief of Charles
W. Carroll. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher ]
House bill (No. 457) for the relief of Evelina
Porter, widow of the late Commodore David
Porter, of the United States Navy. [Objected to
by Mr. Lamb.]
House bill (No. 4G5) for the relief of Isaac
Adams. [Objected to by Mr. Hillyer.]
House bill (No. 469) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Gustavus B. Horner, deceased.
Mr. FAULKNER. There is now a general
bill before the Committee on Military Affairs in
reference to the commutation of surgeons'mates,
and I think it best to let this bill go over until that
one has been reported and acted on. I object.
House bill (No. 470) for the relief of the heirs
of Lieutenant Andrew Fmly.
The bill, which was read in ewtenso, provides
that the Secretary of the Treasury be required to
pay to Nancy Hough, formerly Nancy Fmly,for
herself and the heirs of Andrew Finly, late a
lieutenant in the Pennsylvania lme in the Conti-
nental Establishment of the war of the Revolution,
one year's extra pay of a lieutenant in said ser-
vice, as promised in the resolves of Congress.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. MORGAN. I will withdraw my objection
to the bill for the relief of the heirs of Brigadier
General Richard B. Mason on one condition.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to going back.
Senate bill (No. 158^ for the relief of Duvid
Myerle.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Florence,]lwho reported that
bill, is absent, and I would suggest that it be passed
by for the present.
Senate bill (No. 260) for the relief of Gideon
Hotclikiss. [Objected to by Mr. Ready.]
House bill (No. 483) for the relief of Andrew
H. Patterson.
The bill, which was read in externa, provides
that the Secretary of the Treasury be required to
pay to Andrew H. Patterson the sum oi $G,802,
(or mail bags manufactured by him under a con-
tract with the Post Office Department, entered
into 011 the 23.1 of May, 1840.
Mr. LETUllER. vVhen 1 was a member of
the Committee of Claims, that bill was before
the committee. We examined it particularly,
«ud, 1 believe, came to the unanimous conclusion
that it was right.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 230) for the relief of Asbury
Dickms. (Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Do 1 understand the
Chair to decide that, where a bill has been passed
over, if the objection be withdrawn, the committee
cannot again return and take it up?
The CHAIRMAN. Only by unanimous consent.
Mr. LANE. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wheeler] objected to Senate bill No. 285,
for the relief of the hens of Brigadier General
Richard B. Mason. I am satisfied that the objec-
tion would now be withdrawn, and that there
would be no opposition to the bill being reported
to the House, it the committee would consent to
returMr to it.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to going back upon
the Calendar until we have gone through with it.
Mr. READY. I move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I demand
tellers upon the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Boycf. and
McDouoall were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported foity-one in the affirmative—a further
count not being demanded.
So the committee refused to rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
there are quite a number of bills coming next in
order upon the Calendar, which are accompanied
by a recommendation that they do not pass. The
Chair proposes that, by unanimous consent, these
bills may be considered as objected to and passed
over.
Mr. READY. I object, and ask that they may
be taken up regularly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to all these bills.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit whether
it is not in order to have these bills reported to the
House, with the recommendation that the report
of the Committee of Claims adverse thereto, be
concurred in. It seems to me that it is hardly
worthwhile to allow all these bills to remain upon
the Calendar.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. That course
certainly Would not be in accordance with the rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The bills will then be
taken up in their regular order.
Senate bill (No. 148) for the relief of Zach-
ariah Lawrence, of Ohio. [Objected to by Mr.
Ready.]
Senate bill (No. 311) for the relief of Michael
Nourse. [Objected to by Mr. Hendricks.]
Senate bill (No. 53) for the relief of the sure-
ties of Daniel Winslow. [Objected to by Mr.
Wheeler.]
Senate bill (No. 86) for the relief of J.Boyd,
of Louisiana. [Objected to by Mr. Reese.]
Senate bill (No. 89) for the relief of the lejral
representatives of the late Captain William G.
Williams.
Mr. HAVEN. I suppose an objection to this
bill will have the effect to leave it upon the Calendar.
The CHAIRMAN. That will be the effect of
an objection.
Mr. HAVEN. Whenever this bill comes be-
fore the committee for discussion, I think I can
be able to show that the report of the Committee
of Claims ought to be reversed; with a view of
securing an opportunity for that discussion, I ob-
ject.
Senate bill (No. 87) for the relief of Jacob
Gideon. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Ten-
nessee.]
Senate bill (No. 325) for the relief of John
McAvoy. [Objected to by Mr. Wheeler.]
Senate bill (No. 208) for the relief of John
Devlin. [Objected to by Mr. Hendricks.]
Senate bill (No. 307) for the relief of Thomas
C. Nye. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Ten-
nessee.]
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move that
the committee do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
The following Senate bills, reported with the
recommendation that they do not pass, were sev-
erally objected to:
An act for the relief of Mary D. Blaney, widow
of the late Major George Blaney;
An act for the relief of Itulif van Brunt;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of the late Colonel John Anderson;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Daniel Loomis, deceased;
An act for the relief of Lieutenant A. J. Wil-
liamson ;
An act for the relief of Hezekiah Miller; and
An act for the relief of John P. McElderry.
Senate bill (No. 410) for the relief of James
Dixon. [Objected to by Mr. Stanton, of Ken-
tucky.]
House bill (No. 499) to refund to the officers
of the customs, and others, of the district of Pas-
samaquoddy, certain moneys. [Objected to by
Mr. Stanton, of Kentucky.]
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the committee
do now rise. We have got to a stopping point, I
think, as all the bills are objected to as they come
tip; I ask for tellers on my motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Boyce and
Bocock were appointed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to—ayes 66, noes 25.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker pro
tempore [Mr. Jones, of Tennessee] having taken
the chair, the Chairman [Mr. Phillips] reported
that a Committee of the Whole House had had
the Private Calendar under consideration,and had
passed upon several bills, some of which they had
amended, and others laid aside without amend-
ment, and instructed him to report the same to the
House, with a recommendation that they do pass;
and, also, two several bills, with a recommenda-
tion that they do not pass.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentleman from
New York will withdraw that motion, until the
previous question can be moved on these bills.
Mr. WHEELER. Certainly; I withdraw it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would require
unanimous consent to order the previous question
upon all the bills at once. Is there objection to that
course?
Mr. MILLSON. I object to it. We got into
difficulty last session, by pursuing that very
course.
