206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 6,
great disappointment and loss to the contractors;
they had bought large quantities of oil and other
articles for the fulfillment of their contract, to be
paid for at this period. The Secretary persisted
that he could not pay them, because he was for-
bidden by law; whereupon they, on the 25th of
May, 1839, informed him as follows ; "As the
Secretary of the Treasury declines issuing a war-
rant for the amount of light-house supplies, as
specially provided for in the contract with the
Government, we regard this action as a violation
of the contract, and respectfully inform you that
we henceforth do not hold ourselves responsible
for the fulfillment of any portion of its stipulations."
After the contract was thus abandoned, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury purchased oil and other
supplies for the light-houses on the best terms 'he
could, and has attempted to hold these contractors
responsible for the difference in cost between what
he paid and that stipulated in the contract. For
this purpose he commenced a suit against them in
the year 1844, claiming a balance due the United
States of $13,448 55; the contractors rendered
their account, claiming that the United States
owed them a balance of $24,530 99. This suit is
still pending, and has never been brought to trial,
for the reason, as the contractors allege, that the
United States have never been ready.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 301) for the relief of the repre-
sentatives of Thomas D. Anderson, deceased,
late consul of the United Slates at Tripoli.
The bill, which was read in extenso, directs the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to settle
an account with the proper personal represent-
atives of Thomas D. Anderson, deeeased, late con-
sul of the United States at Tripoli, for contingent
expenditures of his consulate from December 31,
1831, up to the period when he ceased acting as
such consul; and in full for all claims for such
expenditures and other demands arising out of
said consulate after December 31, 1821—to allow
them at the rate of $750 per annum during the said
period; which sum shall he paid to said personal
representatives out of any money in the Treasury
not. otherwise appropriated.-
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 401) for the relief of William
Dtter.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
State to audit, settle, and adjust an account of the
necessary expenses incurred by William Duer
while consul of the United States at the porl of
Valparaiso, in Chili, during the year 1850, in the
support and defense of William N. Stuart, an
American citizen, arrested and arraigned before
the courts of Chili upon a charge of murder, and
for the transportation of said Stuart to the United
States ofter his release, together with an equitable
advance upon the amount thus ascertained, for the
use of the money during the interval, and pay the
same to William Duer, his heirs or assigns.
Th§ report states the circumstances of the arrest
and imprisonment of the petitioner, and that his
release was procured by Mr. Duer with theassist-
ance of the lion. Balie Peyton, United States Min-
ister to Chili, and recommends the allowance of the
claim upon the statement of William L. Marcy,
Secretary of State, that "while the Department
cheerfully bears testimony to the diligence and
discretion of Mr. Duer's official conduct in the
case referied to, it is conceived that, in pursuing I
that course, he was meiely dischaiging his duty !
under the forty-fourth article of the consular in-
structions." And further, that " when the com-
pensation of an officer, whether by fees, or by
salary, is established by law, it is inexpedient to
grant him a gratuity for the faithful performance
of his duty in any single case." That " this
principle would seem to beparticularly applicable
to the consulate at Valparaiso, at the period ad-
verted to, when the fees received by the consul
afforded him a liberal compensation forhis official
services generally;" but that "any expenses which
Mr. Duer may have incurred in protecting and
defending Smart area fair charge against the Gov-
ernment, if Stuart was unable to defray them
himself." I
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the ;
House with a recommendation that it do pass. ![
Senate bill (No. 361) for the relief of Frederick |j
Vincent, administrator of James Le Caze, survivor
of Le Caze & Mallet.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Frederick Vincent, ad-
ministrator of James Le Caze, $4,890 82, which
appears to be due t o him on the books of the Treas-
ury for advances made to the Government of the
United States in 1783; and that he pay him interest
on the sum, at the rate of six percent, per annum,
from December 31,1846, when his claim was pre-
sented to Congress.
The report states that Le Caze & Mallet were
merchants of Philadelphia. In the year 1783 the
Government had dealings with them to the amount
of $75,584 74. This amount was settled by the
then Superintendent of Finance, and a balance
was stated in their favor of $4,890 82. This set-
tlement and balance were entered on the books of
the Treasury of that date, and afterwards trans-
ferred to the books of the Treasury in the year
1794, after the present Government went into
operation.
Before any provision had been made for liqui-
dating and funding the public debt, Mallet died,
arid Le Caze, the surviving partner, whilst on a
visit to his plantation, in the Island of Saint Do-
mingo, was massacred in the insurrection which
broke out in 1789.
There is not a shadow of doubt that this debt
is due, and ought to be paid. The only doubt is,
whether it ought not to be paid with interest. By
the resolution of July 3, 1784, Congress promised
that an interest of six per cent, per annum shall
be paid to all creditors of the United States for
supplies furnished, or service done, from the time
that payment became due. There does not seem
to have been any uniform rule practiced in rela-
tion to interest; sometimes it has been allowed,
sometimes refused, and many of the acts are silent
on the subject.
The Committee of Claims reported the bill with
a recommendation that the following words be
stricken out:
" Ami that lie pay him interest on the said sum, at the rate
oi nix per pent, per annum, fiom the 1st day of December,
iSlt'i, when Ins claim was presented to Ccmgiesy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LETCIIER. I move to further amend
by adding, at the end of the bill, the following
words:
Provided, That said sum shall be received in fail of ail
demand* on the Government on this account.
Tile amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then laid aside, to be
reported to the House with a recommendation
that it do pass.
House bill (No. 520) for the relief of James
Ilolstin.
The bill and report having been read, the bill
was laid aside, to be reported to the House with
a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 521) for the relief of William
Case.
The bill and report were read. The bill was
then laid aside, to be reported to the House with a
recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 251) authorizing the legal rep-
resentatives of Antoine Vasquez, Hypolite Vas-
quez, Joseph Vaequez, and John Coliigan, to enter
certain lands in Missouri.
The act directs that the legal representatives of
AntoineVasquez, HypoliteVasquez, Joseph Vas-
quez, and John Oolf/gan, be authorized to enter,
without payment, at any land office in the State
of Missouri, in such quantities, agreeably to the
United S'ates surveys, as the claimants may de-
sire, a quantity of land subject to private entry,
not exceeding eight hundred arpens for each of
the three persons first above named, and twelve
hundred arpens for said Coliigan, in lieu of, and
in compensation for, a claim of that quantity
alloweu to them by the board of commissioners
appointed for the final adjustment of private land
claims in the State of Missouri, and confirmed to
them by " An act confirming claims to land in the
State of Missouri, and for other purposes," ap-
proved July 4, 1836; and that the register or
registers of the laud offices aforesaid shall receive
the proper applications and proofs, and shall issue
tile necessary certificate or certificates, on return
of winch to the General Land Office, with proofs
sufficient in the opinion of the Secretary of the
Interior to establish the right of the claimants as
such legal representatives, a patent or patents shall
issue as in other cases.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the bill by inserting the word " acres," in-
stead of the word "arpens." Arpens are not
known under,our land system. I believe an ar-
pen is equal to four fifths of an acre. I move an
amendment, therefore, that instead of the words
"eight hundred arpens," the words "six hun-
dred and forty acres " be inserted.
Mr. HENDRICKS." Better object to the bill
at once. I will have to object to it, if the amend-
ment is insisted on, as it is not understood by the
committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I withdraw my
amendment.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House.
Senate bill (No. 102) for the relief of the heirs
and legal representatives of William Werks.
The act directs that the heirs and legal represent-
ativesof William Weeks be confirmed in their claim
to a tract of land, containing two thousand and
thirty arpens,situated in the parish of West Felici-
ana, State of Louisiana, being the same granted to
said William Weeks by an order of survey of
"Grand Pre," then Governor of West Florida,
May 31,1806, according to the survey made by Ira
C. Kneeland, deputy surveyor, under commission
from said Governor, on the 221 of September,
180C, of record in the office of the register of the
land office at Greensburg, Louisiana, and a patent
shall issue therefor, provided that the aet shall be
j held and taken only as a relinquishment on the
J part of the United States.
Laid aside, to be reported to the House.
Mr. READY. I objected yesterday to Senate
bill 148, for the relief of Zachariah Lawrence, of
! Ohio, and the bill was passed over. I have since
i examined the claim, and am satisfied that it is just
1 and that it ought to pass. I therefore ask the
unanimous consent of the House to withdraw my
objection.
Mr. LETCHER. Oh, no, we cannotgo back.
Mr. McMULLIN. It is not regular thus to
withdraw objections, because if the gentleman had
not objected, somebody else might have. The bill
must come up in regular order.
Mr. LETCHER. Let us go on regularly now,
and when we have got through the Calendar thia
may be done.
Senate bill (No. 48) for the benefit of the heir-
at-law of Lieutenant C. A. Wickliffe.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
issue to C. A. Wickliffe a land warrant for one
hundred and sixty acres of land, in satisfaction of
the claim of Lieutenant C. A. Wickliffe, deceased,
I for bounty land under the act of Congress grant-
ing bounty land to certain officers and soldiers who
have been engaged in the military service of the
United States, approved September 28, 1850.
The Committee on Private Land Claims report
the following amendment as an additional section:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Interior issue to Isaac Dun a land warrant for one hun-
dred and *ixty actes of land, in satisfaction of the cJaun of
Captain Geoige Dun, deeeased, for bounty land under the
act of Congress granting bounty land to certain officers and
soldiers who liave been engaged in the military service of
the United States, approved September 28, 1850.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to inquire of
the gentleman who made this report, why a dif-
ferent rule is adopted in this case from that adopted
with others ? Now, under the rule granting bounty
lands, as I understand it, it is only to minor heirs
of deceased officers and soldiers that land is given,
but here it is proposed to give it to an adult—to
the father, I believe, of the officer.
Mr. NICHOLS. I see that my name is re-
corded on the Calendar as having made the report
in this case. I wish to correct that error, and to
state that I have no knowledge of the case. The
report is erroneously attributed to me. In reply,
however, to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher,] I would say that I am opposed to thia
system of enlarging the operations of the bounty
land law of 1850, and I think that if it is to be en-
larged at all, it should be done by a general act
instead of by making special exceptions to the act
itself.
Mr. LETCHER. Then 1 object to the bill. 1
do not see any reason why we should act in this
way.
Mr. HILLYER. I hope the committee will per-
