208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9.
commander's cleric on hoard the 'United "States
sloop-of-war Falmouth, muthePaciSc, at the time
of the death of the regular purser of said vessel,
William B. Hartwell; that, by order of Captain
Thomas Petigru, he was appointed to discharge
the duties of parser of the vessel, arid did so dis-
tharge them from the 12lh day of July) 1849, to
the 14th day cf March, 1850, >a period of eight
months and two days, when he-was relieved there-
from by John Y. Mason, jr., a purser assigned
to duty on board the Falmouth by order of the
Secretary of the Navy; -and that he has received
no compensation for the additional-duty thus as-
signed to him.
The bill was kid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 52S) for the relief of Jeptha L.
Heminger. The bill -was read. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to cause the name of
Jeptha L. Heminger to be placed upon the roll of
invalid pensioners, and to pay him at the rate of
eight dollars per month during his natural life,
commencing January 1, 1853.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 191) for the relief of Thomas
B. Parsons.
The bill was read. It directs the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury to pay to Thomas B.
Parsons the sum of three dollars per month from
September 1, 1808, to June 1,1835, the same being
the difference between the rate of pension of a sea-
man and that of a coxswain, Which grade he filled
at the time of the injury.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 27G) for the relief of Mrs. Ann
W. Angus.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to continue to Ann W. Angus, for a
further term of five years, from March 4,1854, the
pension heretofore paid her, and which expired on
the 4th March, 1854, as aforesaid, provided that
nothing herein shall be construed to entitle her to
a greater amount than half the pay of her said
husband in any one year.
From the report, it appears that the claimant
is the widow of Captain Samuel Angus, formerly
of the Navy of the United States, and that she
asks a pension on account of the services of her
husband, whose death was occasioned from
wounds received in the service while fighting the
battles of his country. The papers show that
Captain Angus entered the service at the age of
fifteen, in the year 1799, and remained in the ser-
vice until the. latter part of Mr. Monroe's admin-
istration, when he was dismissed, without a trial
by court-martial, for writing a letter to the Sec-
retary of the Navy which was not considered
* respectful. It also appears, that at the time of
writing the letter, he was laboring under tempo-
rary insanity, of which President Monroe after-
wards became satisfied, and recommended his
successor, Mr. Adams, to reinstate him; saying,
in his letter, " it comports with justice, as well as
humanity, to reinstate Captain Angus." He was
not, however, reinstated, in consequence of his
being subject to fits of insanity, but was allowed
a pension, which continued to his death, on the
29th May, 1840. During the whole period that
Captain Angus was in service, up to the time of
writing the letter above mentioned, he sustained
the character of'a brave and meritorious officer.
He was wounded in four separate engagements
with the enemy, and two of those wounds were
upon the head. The evidence is satisfactory to
the com mil tee that his fits of insanity were occa-
sioned by those wounds, and that they hastened
his death. These wounds were also the occasion
of his being a severe sufferer, and of great afflic-
tion to his family for many years. During this
time he was also unable, to make any provision
for them, and in consequence left a widow and
six children in destitute circumstances—appealing
steongly to the justice of the nation to wipe away
the stain unintentionally cast upon the character of
an officer who had adorned his country's service.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. McMULLIN. It is evident that there is
no quorum. 1 move that the committee do now
ritje.
Mr. HAMILTON. I demand tellers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Gentlemen who
-are opposed to rising had better withdraw their
opposition and let the committee rise and report
the bills which have been passed/upon, because if
we ascertain that there is no quorum here, the roll
will have to be called, and as there will be no quo-
rum, the bills will not be reported to-day at all.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I hope the gentleman
from Virginia will withdraw his motion.
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, 1 withdraw it, -and
object to the bill under consideration.
BILLS OBJECTED TO.
The following bills coming up in their order on
the Calendar, were objected to, as indicated
below, and passed over, under the rule:
Senate bill (No. 353) for the relief of the rep-
resentative of Henry King, deceased. [Objected
to by Mr. McMullin.]
Senate bill (No. 375) relative to the accounts of
General Stephen Moylan. [Objected to by Mr.
Letcher.]
Senate bill (No. 252) for the relief of the per-
sonal representatives of William A. Siacum.
[Objected to by Mr. Wheeler.]
House bill (No. 522) for the relief of the heirs
and legal representatives of John Randon, de-
ceased. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.}
Housebill'(No. 505) for the relief of the heirs
of Rignald alias Nick Hilary. [Objected to by
Mr. McMullin.]
Senate bill (No. 358) to make compensation to
Henry Cronchey, for, extra services. [Objected
to by Mr. Hendricks.]
Senate bill (No. 123) for the relief of Hiram
Paulding. [Objected to by Mr. Siielton.]
Senate bill (No. 256) for the relief the West
Feliciana and Georgia Railroad and Banking
Companies. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
The next bill on the Calendar was House bill
(No. 527) for the relief of Lot Davis.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object to that, also.
Mr. TWEED, i move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker pro
tempore [Mr. Jones, of Tennessee] having re-
sumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr. Bococit]
reported that a Committee of the Whole House
had had under consideration the Private Calendar,
and had directed him to report to the House sun-
dry bills, some with, and some without, amend-
ments.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to call attention to
an error on the Calendar of the Committee of the
Whole on the stateof the Union. The bill " for the
relief of the claimants of the private armed brig
General Armstrong "was, by mistake, referred to
that committee, instead of to a Committee of the
Whole House, where it properly belongs. The
gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Perkins] re-
ported the bill, and he will confirm my statement
that there has been a mistake in the reference.
Mr. PERKINS. Yes, sir; my attention has
been called to the matter. The bill ought to have
gone to a Committee of the Whole House, and
1 hope that it will be transferred to the Calendar
of that committee, and take the place upon that
Calendar which properly belongs to it.
No objection being made, the proposed transfer
was ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move that the Commit-
tee of the Whole House be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill for the relief of
Lot Davis. It was objected to by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. McMullin,] but not because
he disliked the bill, for there can be no possible
objection to it. The objection of the gentleman
places it where it can never be reached again.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bills reported
from a Committee of the Whole House are the
business first in order. The gentleman from In-
diana asks, the Chair presumes, unanimous con-
sent to discharge the committee from the bill he
has named.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir; it is a little pen-
sion bill, and a very meritorious case.
Mr. KNOX. I object.
Mr. HENN. Is it in order to call the previous
question upon all the bills?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is, if there he
no objection on the part of any member of the
House, By unanimous consent, the bills may all
Is
be-put upon their passage at the same time,
there objection to that course? _
Mr. MILLSON. Let them bereported by their
titles.
Mr. HENN. Cannot we, by one vote, agree
to the whole report of the committee ?
Mr. MILLSON. I object to that.
The House then proceeded to consider the billa
reported this morning by a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar.
The following bills of the Senate, reported with-
out amendment, were severally ordered to "be read
a third time; and having been read a third time,
were passed:
An act for the relief of Thomas Butler;
An act for the relief of the representatives of
Thomas D. Anderson, deceased, late consul of
the United States at Tripoli;
An act for the relief of William Duer;
An act authorizing the legal representatives of
Antoine Vasquez, Hypolite Vasquez, Joseph
Vasquez, and John Colligan, to enter certain
lands in Missouri;
An act for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of William Weeks;_
An act for the relief of Fran$;>is Cousin;
An act for the relief of Thomas B. Parsons; ana
An act for the relief of Mrs. Ann W. Angus.
The following House bills and joint resolutions,
reported back from the committee, were severally
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and having been accordingly engrossed and read
a third time, were passed:
Joint resolution for the relief of Charles W.
Morgan, William R. Rodman, and Edward Mer-
rill ;
House bill for the relief of James Holstin;
House bill for the relief of William Case;
Joint resolution for the relief of Lieutenant J. C.
Carter;
House bill for the relief of Charles J. Porcher,
acting pursur of the brig Falmouth;
House billforthe relief of JepthaL. Heminger;
and
House bill for the relief of Lot Davis.
The following Senate bOls were reported with
amendments, viz:
Senate bill for the relief of Frederick Vincent,
administrator of James Le Caze, survivor of Le
Caze & Mallet; and
Senate bill for the relief of Susan Coody and
others.
The amendments were severally concurred in,
and ordered to be engrossed, and the bills, having
been read a third time, were p--"--<
Mr. WHEELER.
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and
Thereupon, at twenty minutes past three, p. m.,
the House adjourned to Tuesday next at twelve
o'clock, m.
I move that the House do
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jnnuary 9, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburs.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
The Hon. Jackson Morton, of Florida, and
the Hon. Sam Houston, of Texas, appeared in
their seats to-day.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had passed the following bills
of the Senate without amendment:
A bill for the relief of the heirs and representa-
tives of Uriah Prewitt, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of James Irwin, of Arkansas, and others;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Butler;
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Thomas D. Anderson, deceased, late consul of
the United States at Tripoli;
A bill for the relief of William Duer;
A bill authorizing the legal representatives of
Antoine Vasquez, Hypolite Vasauez, Joseph
Vasquez, and John Colligan, tolffcuer certain
lands in Missouri;
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of William Weeks;
A bill for the relief of Francois Cousin;
A bill for the relief of Thomas B. Parsons; and
