1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
•with amendments, and I wish to suggest the pro-
priety of referring them to the appropriate com-
mittees of the Senate. On looking over the pro-
ceedings on those bills in the House, it is obvious
that the question of interest has been determined
by an arbitrary rule, and it is about as arbitrary
as that adopted by a gentleman of whom I have
heard, that it was against his interest to pay the
principal, and against his principle to pay the
interest. [Laughter.] I wish to have these bills
considered. That there are cases in which the
Government ought to pay interest I think is very
clear; and there are certain others, in which in-
terest ought not to be paid. I desire the report
of the proper committee of the Senate in each
case, as to the propriety of paying interest iri a
particular case; and that report I, for one, am
disposed to act on, and adhere to. This bill is
one of that character; and there are others which
I hope will be referred to the appropriate com-
mittee for examination. I move to refer this bill
and amendment to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
The motion was agreed to.
LE CAZE AND MALLET.
The bill for the relief of Frederick Vincent,
administrator of James Le Caze, survivor of Lc
Caze & Mallet, as it passed the Senate, proposed
to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Frederick Vincent, administrator of James Le
Caze, §4,890 82, which appears to be due to him
on the books of the Treasury for advances made
to the Government of the Uniled States in
with interest on the sum, at the rate of six per
cent, per annum, from December 31, Jfrlfi, when
* his claim was presented to Congress.
The amendments of the House were to strike
out the words:
"Ami that lie pay linn interest on tiie said sum, at the
rate of six per cent, per milium, from tin: !:-! day oi Decem-
ber, 1846, when las claim was presented to Gon^res-i,"
and to add—
" Provided, That the same shall be received in fult of all
demands on the Government on this account."
Mr. STUART. I move that this bo referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
PURSEU F. B. STOCKTON.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House to the hi! I for the relief of Purser
Francis li. Stockton. As it passed theSenate the
bill proposed to direct the proper accounting officers
to pay to Purser F. I>. Stockton $(i7 .r>7, being the
amount of loss sustained by linu by reason of
making his deposits of public money m the Pliunix
Bank, Charlestown, Massachusetts. The amend-
ment of the House was to add
" Provided, That the sani sum shall he rcc^ivcd in full of
all demands ai$am©t the Uovermnenl on tin*; account."
Mr, FISH. I move that the Senate concur in
that amendment. The biii was reported from the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and allows the
amount which wna claimed by purser Stockton.
The proviso is merely one of precaution.
The amendment was concurred in.
ENROLLED BIIX SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKf.\n, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bill; which was thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore: j
A bill to incorporate the Mutual Fire Insurance
Company of the Distuct of Columbia.
EPHRAIM HUNT.
On motion by Mr. FESSENDEN", (he hill for
| the relief of Ephraim Hunt was read a second
time,and considered as inCommitteeof the Whole.
, It is intended to direct the proper accounting ;
1 officers of the Treasury to settle and adjust the j
} claim of Ephraim Hunt, of the State of Maine, for |
bounty and pay for service, as a private in the !
Army of the United States, from the 25th of Sep- ;
tember, 1813, to the Mth of September, 1815, and I
to allow and pay him the same bounty and pay \
as he would have been entitled to receive if he I
I had been regularly discharged. I
5 In December, 1812, Mr. Hunt enlisted at Tops- |
ham, Maine, as a private in the service of the j
* United States, as a volunteer for one year, and ,
went, with his company, to Plattsburg, New
1 York. He remained mthe service until the 25th !
September, 1813, when he reenlisted into Captain
Buck's company, United States Army. This
enlistment was distinctly stated and understood at
the time, to be for 14 during the war," and not for
" five years." It was, however, held by theoffi-
cers to be for five years. He continued in the
service until the 14th September, 1815, when, the
war being closed, he claimed that his term had
expired, and requested his discharge, which was
refused on the ground that the enlistment was for
five years. Believing that he had faithfully served
out his term of enlistment, he left the Army with-
out his discharge, and without having received
either his bounty or any pay for the time he had
served. The accounting officers decided, on his
application for pay, that he had forfeited all claim
on the Government by the act of desertion. He
is now in necessitous circumstances, advanced in
years, and deprived of the use of his hands by
the loss of his fingers, and prays that Congress
will cause his pay and bounty, for services ren-
dered in fighting the battles of his country in time
of war, to be allowed to him.
The committee do not intend to sanction or
excuse the course he adopted, but think he should
have remained in service until he could have ob-
tained his regular discharge; still, under the pecu-
liar circumstances of the case, and in view of
faithful services rendered during the war, and till
some time after its close, they are of opinion that
the Government ought not to withhold from the
old soldier the small pittance to which his previous
patriotic services had entitled him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
SAMUTIT. A. BELDEN ANB COMPANY.
Mr. MASON, There is a bit! on the Calendar
for the i ehef of Samuel A. Brldcn & Co. It was in
some way erroneously indorsed that it had been
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and, treating it as a reference, that committee
have considered it, and instructed me to report
an amendment to the bill. I ask the Senate to be
good enough to take it up, in order to rectify that
error, and dispose of it.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and, on motion by Mr. Ma-
son, referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. MASON. The Committee on Foreign
Relations having acted on it, 1 now ask leave to
report the bill with an amendment. The com-
mittee actcd on it under the misapprehension that
it had been referred before. It is an amendment,
by way of a substitute, to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and insert:
" That the ^eereiarynniu* Treasury be, and he \ > hereby,
authorized and directed to audit and Kettle an arc omit of
the duties paid by Samuel A. IJelden Sc Co. to the otlieers
of tin* frilled Slates ehar<red with tbeirxollection, in the
eih of iM.u.unoias,, m tin: Republic of Mexico, while that
city wai in the military possession of the United State**,
upon the tobacco, and othei ineiehnmUve imported by them
into Matinnoras diuing that period, and whuh, after the
restoration of peace between the two countries, weie dis-
posed of, eithei in the form in which imported, or the pio-
eeetN of sales by weizorc, eontwatiou, or-.eqijevrr.uuin, by
the judicul authoiitiei ot' tin* Mexican (iovern'nent, or
by their loreed abandonment; and pay the amount thus,
ascertained to liie sml Samuel A Helden & Co., out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, upon
the execution, by them, of a proper and le<ja! a^M^nmeiit to
the United Stale*, of all their unlit to the amount so icfuiided
when leooveied from the Government of Mexico."
Mr. MASON. The object of this bill is sim-
ply to refund to these gentlemen, who are mer-
chants, the duties paid to the United States, while
a part of Mexico was in the milituiy possession
of the Uniied States, upon merchandise imported
under the guarantee of the Government of the
United States, which was afterwards seized and
confiscated hy the Government of Mexico.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bdl as amended was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was
read a thiid time, and passed.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
On motion by Mr. BUTLER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eiation of the bill to modify and amend the judi-
cial system of the United States, the pending
question being on the motion of Mr. Geyer, made
on Fiiday, the 5th instant, to stiike out the first
section of tke bill, as follows:
" That from and after the passage of this act, the Justices
of the Supreme Court of the United States shall not, as
heretofore, be required to perform circuit duty; but they
slrtill continue to have, and exercise, the same jurisdiction
and powers now vested in them by law, within any of the
circuits in which they may respectively reside, in allow-
ing writs of habeas corpus and writs of error, granting in-
junctions, and doing all other acts which may be done at
chambers, and out of term."
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. DAWSON. Do I understand this to be a
test question, as to whether we shall reject the bill
or not ?
Mr. BUTLER. That is it.
t Mi\ FESSENDEN. It is to settle the ques-
tion of the Supreme Court Judges performing cir-
cuit duties.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I must, for one,
say that I shall vote against this proposition; but,
so far as that vote is concerned, I wish to state
that I do not regard it as a test question in refer-
ence to the adoption of that provision of the bill.
It seems to be conceded by all that something is
necessary to be done in consequence of the great
accumulation of business on the docket of the
Supreme Court within the last few years, and
particularly since the extraordinary expansion of
the Government over an amount of territory which
was not contemplated at the organization of the
court, nor, perhaps, when the Constitution was
formed. My judgment is in favor of what has
heretofore been called the representative system,
on which the substitute proposed by the honor-
able Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] ia
based; and I should desire, if it were practicable,
to allow a sufficient time to the Judges of the
Supreme Court to undergo the labors which seem
to be contemplated by that substitute, with that
deliberation, with that degree of respite from con-
tinual labors which all men in this country en-
gaged in intellectual pursuits imperatively require
to enable them to do justice to their public func-
tions; and I should piefer, taking that view of the
subject, the proposition of the Senator from Illi-
nois. It is, to speak in popular language, the
popular and favorite proposition whenever the
subject is mooted either in Congress or in the
country. It is more in conformity with thespirit
and structure of our Government that the judges,
who are required to come up here and decide great
constitutional and other questions in the dernier
morf, ahall be, in some sort, the representatives
of the sentiments and of the local institutions of
the several respective parts of the Union from
which they come; and that, by that means, they
shall keep up such an acquaintance, such a social
personal connection, with the bar in the-.diOerent
sections as to give greater weight and satisfaction
to their opinions when pronounced here on ques*
tions of appeal.
The greatest objection in my mind to the prop-
osition of the Committee on the Judiciary, of
which the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. But-
ler] n the able chairman, is the danger that it
brings along with it of weakening, or lessening,
the confidence of the people in that tribunal. If
we can mould the bill into any shape which
promises not to weaken that confidence and that
hold which the Judges of the Supreme Court have
now, by their annual peregrinations over the re-
spective circuits, upon the people, I should be in
favor of it.
But, while I give the preference to that feature,
for the reasons which I have stated, in any new
organization of the Supreme Court, at the same
time it may turn out, upon examination, not
to be practicable with the relief which seems to be
necessary to be extended to the judges if they are
properly to do their business, which has accumu-
lated so much; and, therefore, in voting against
the proposition to strike out the first section, i do
not mean it to be a test question. I mean, how-
ever, Mr. President, so far as my vote goes, to
hold up that proposition for investigation and ex-
amination before theSenate, to see whether it will
be found, upon full examination, to be a practica-
ble a-od feasible scheme, and one which is likely
to answer all the purposes that the country and
the court seem to demand, in order to discharge
their duties properly. If that shall be found not
to be so, I shall vote for the substitute of the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, or something like it;
but if the contrary should be found, I am ready to
risk the dangers of what is called a central tribunal.
