2.M
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
January 9,
I hope, sir, that some plan, some method may
he agreed upon, by which, in some way, the old
representative feature may be continued. At all
events, we must do something to enable the court
to discharge, with proper consideration and de-
liberation, the business which has accumulated
upon their dockets. We must allow them to do
that without subjecting them to such a task, such
continued, incessant labor, at alt seasons of the.
year, as they are now compelled to endure, and
w1ifch 110 human constitution can stand. Accord-
ing to'the organization of the courts at this time,
if the Judges of the Supreme Court do the circuit
duty expected of them, they are compelled to
hold court in the most pestilential seasons of' the
year, in the extreme southern latitudes of the
country. They must then either neglect their
Supreme Court duties, or, when their labors are
done at the seat of Government, they must, on
account of the late rising of the Supreme Court,
when the summer season commences, go still
further South and hold their circuit courts, some-
times in the midst of pestilence, if they do their
duty.
These things, I think, call for serious considera-
tion on the part of the Senate and Congress of the
United States. What relief we can bring to the
court, we must bring. Therefore, I shall vote
against the proposition to strike out the first sec-
tion; not because my own judgment does not
favor the substitute of the Senator from Illinois,
for it does; but I am unwilling to throw out of
■view altogether the possibility or practicability of
adopting that feature of the bill, which is proposed
. to be stricken out.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the test, as I
understand it, which is involved in the motion to
strike out the first section of this bill, is a test of
the sense of the Senate whether they will dis-
charge the Judges of the Supreme Court from cir-
cuit duty or not, and nothing more. I shall give
a very reluctant vote to discharge those judges from
circuit duty; but I believe it is indispensably
necessary to enable them to discharge their judi-
cial functions. I apprehend there'is hardly a
Senator upon this floor whose attention has been
calhs? professionally to the organization of the
jud>"!ary of the country at large, both in the Fed-
eral and State Governments, who is not nwarc of
the very great difficulty that environs the whole
judiciary on the subject of the courts of ultimate
appeal. I do not know of any State with which
I have been familiar—t mean of the older States—
where the dockets of the courts of ultimate appeal
are not so clogged as to amount, in truth, to a
denial of justice. It has become so in my own
State, an?r I know it is so in some of the older
States to which my attention has been directed. It
has been found impracticable for the judges of the
court of ult imate appeals to try the causes that are
carried before them; and the consequence i*, that
men are ruined in their fortunes waiting for the
administration of justicp.
It is provided in Magna Charta, the chief
muniment of popular right in England—a charter
wrested, sword m hand, by the old Barons, from
King John—that justice should be neither sold,
denied, or delayed—nulli vcndcmus—nulli ncga-
Utnus aut dijferemus rectum vcl justitiam—the delay
of justice being equal to the denial of justice, and
the same principle is inscribed in our opinions of
popular right derived from that sturdy ancestry.
Now, what are the facts? We know that since 1
the Supreme Court was organized under the Con-
stitution, its business has been accumulating,
compelling the judges to enlarge its terms from
period to period, until, at last, it has been found
impracticable for them to go through with the
docket. Causes are accumulating therefrom year
to year; and since California has been added,
with the immense mass of land claims that have
recently come from that State, it will be just as
idie to expect that court to discharge its official
duty, as it would be if you were to deprive the
judges of their capacity. Well, then, what is to
be done? If you send them upon circuit duty, as
they are now sent, under the original constitution
of the court, you take them, if they discharge the
duty, from their judicial functions—the decision
oi causes—and send them traveling over this
immense expanse of country, occupying weeks
and months in their journeys over it,
I am free to admit, as I have said, that in voting
against striking out this section, I shall give a
reluctant vote; because I have been educated to
believe that it is an important part of the judicial
policy of the country to bring these judges into
intimate connection, not with the people only, but
with the bars of the differentStates. It was said,
and I think with great truth, that it was an im-
portant matter that the Judges of the Supreme
Court, holding circuit courts in ths different States,
should thereby become acquainted with the legal
practice, with the usages,and,more than all, with
the laws of the States. I' am perfectly aware of
the great advantage that would result to those
gentlemen from bringing them in contact with the
judiciary and the bar of the different States; and
I am reluctant to part with it. But I am satisfied'1
now, sir, that the thing is impracticable in the
present extended condition of our country, and
with our vastly increased population since the
original judiciary act was passed.
The honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas,] in the substitute which he has offered
to the bill, proposes to send some of these judges,
from time to time, even as far as California, to
hold a circuit court. Now, I say to that honorable
Senator, the thing is beautiful in theory—perfectly
correct in theory—but absolutely impracticable to
be carried out. Why, when those judges are
placed upon the bench, they are men advanced in
life. Many of them now, we know, are far ad-
vanced. You ought not to place a gentleman on
that bench until years have matured his mind; and
yet you propose to compel him, or some of his
associates, to perform a journey periodically,
which would startle all but the most enterprising
of our population—a journey through two seas,
and across the continent, and that to be done every
year, in the discharge of his official duties. I wish
it could be done. 1 believe it would conduce very
much to the administration of justice, if it could
be effected; but the thing is impracticable in itself.
We know that the time which is consumed by the
judges now, in making their circuits into the ex-
treme South and West, is a very large portion of
the time which ought to be devoted to their actual
judicial investigation and judicial decision. I shall,
therefore, sir, though with reluctance, vote against
reorganizing the judiciary to that extent, and shall
vote to retain the judges here, confine them to their
appellate jurisdiction in the Supreme Court; and,
if it be necessary, require them to enlarge their
terms, and also, most cheerfully, to increase their
compensation.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I have no idea
now of indulging in debate, further than to make
a single remark in relation to the question which
is immediately pending. By the present state of
the law the Judges of the Supreme Court are
required to perform duties inconsistent with going
upon the circuits. Even if they were to be con-
fined exclusively to the business peculiar to an
appellate tribunal, I believe they could not get
through it during the year; and, from time to
time, when we find that to be the case, acts of
legislation are introduced here, requiring them to
dispense with circuit duties, and to give tr prefer-
ence to the duties devolving on them as an appel-
late tribunal. W^e see that every day, and yet we
quietly do by legislation what we are afraid to do
in an open bill.
It seems to be the idea of some gentlemen that
it is an advantage to a judge to travel through the .
country, thathe mayimbibesomethingofthespirit1
of popular jurisprudence—that he may imbibe it i
by traveling from one place to another. Sir, I |
would much prefer that he should imbibe the law I
in his library here. I do not yield to any of those j
wild notions that a judge is to be improved by ;
riding through the country to get what is called j
the popular opinions of jurisprudence. I have no 1
such idea; and consistently with the article of the
Constitution, in reference to which this bill has
been framed, I cannot, upon my oath as a Senator,
say that 1 can require the Judges of the Supreme
Court to do circuit duty. Gentlemen may indulge,
if they choose, in the building up of fanciful and
popular theories; and I observe the case is very i
different when it comes into the Senate, from the |
opinions which gentlemen entertain out of the j
Senate; but I say that the theory which has been I
asserted here, that the Judges of the Supreme Court j
must do circuit duty, is inconsistent with the very J
fact which is before us that they cannot do it;!
yet gentlemen will build up a theory in face of the j
fact, and in defiance of experience! I still intend ll
to consult the article of the Constitution in refer-
ence to the judiciary. I differ from my honorable
friend from Virginia; I am not one of those who
believe that a judicial magistrate should become
what is called a popular magistrate. I doubt very
much whether a popular judge is not the most
dangeroua-of judges.
Mr. MASON. The Senator ascribes to roe
an opinion which I do not entertain, and certainly
have not expressed. 1 said this, and this alone:
that I believed it would be valuable to these judges, „
and valuable to the administration of justice, that,
instead of being retained at the seat of Govern-
ment, they should be sent upon the circuits to get
the advantage of being informed of the practice
and usages of the bar in the several States, and
more especially to become acquainted with the
laws of those States; and, also, that it would be
an advantage to them and to their duties to have
them periodically sent to mingle more intimately
with the people than they could do by a confined
residence at the seat of Government. But if the
honorable Senator means a political judge—I do
not recollect the tenor of his expression, but I un-
derstood him to mean a judge who would allow
his judicial opinions to be swayed by popular
feeling—1 am the very last man in the Senate, and
in the country, to entertain such an opinion.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 should have inferred that
from my general knowledge of my friend's char-
acter; but still there is an opinion abroad that we
should infuse into the judiciary system of this
country something of what is called popular sen-
timent—that is, the judges are to go off and imbibe
it in New England, California, South Carolina,
and so on, and come back freighted like a bee
with honey, and pour it out in the Supreme Court.
That is the hive in which they are to deposit and
elaborate the honey. That is the notion. The
Supreme Court Judges are to go out and extract
knowledge, and information, and law, upon steam-
boats and in local jurisdictions. Sir, our fore-
fathers had no such idea, for the Constitution is
express that " the judicial power of the United
States shall be vested in one Supreme Court"—
I hope the reporters will take that with an empha-
sis—"in one Supreme Court,and m such inferior
courts as the Congress may, from time to time, or-
dain and establish." With that Constitution before
me, and the conviction upon my mind, and the
unanimous opinion of the Judges upon theSupreme
Court bench, and the opinion which has prevailed
with every Chief Justice who ever sat upon that
bench, and the opinion of every judge, I believe,
who has had anything to do with this system,
that the Constitution meant that the Supreme
Court should be a separate courtof appellate juris-
diction, I cannot agree to impose such duties upon
the judges. Therefore, in proposing to relieve
the judges of their circuit duties, I act in perfect
conformity to the Constitution. When gentlemen
speak of having these judges consult, in some meas-
ure, the tone of society m which they are, I grant
it might be desirable; but I think it is inconsistent
with the very implication contained in this Con-
stitution that they should not go out and be affected
by any local influences; but that they should be
a separate court, unbiassed by any sectional or
local influences whatever.
That is my opinion; but I do not know that I
can say much more on this subject, unless it is
that I may, in the close, meet the general objec-
tions which may be made to the bill. But my
friend from Missouri [Mr. Geyer] has assailed
the bill. Now, I think he has forgotten what
took place in the Committee on the Judiciary; 1
know I have no right to mention what occurred in
committee, but I may say, that not one member
of that committee had his own individual ideas
fully carried out in the bill; and it was, I thought,
a fair understanding that we should presenAhe ■
only bill we thought could pass the body. If it
does not pass, allow me to say, my section of the
country can do without a Federal judiciary as well
as any section of the Ur.ion. I do not know that
they carry causes before it from any preference to
it. Sir, though it is very common to throw out
aspersions, or taunts, on South Carolina, for her
peculiar institutions, I will sSy hert, she is not a
State an which a preference is given to the Federal
courts, when her people have an option to go into
the State courts; and I believe the same thin"* may
he said of Georgia. Indeed, the old States, gener-
ally , are not those most interested in this question.
