1855,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MB
I have framed this bill from a conviction of duty,
in reference to the condition of the new States.
Gentlemen have undertaken to say that the
Judges of the Supreme Court must do circuit duty.
Why, is not the fact before us that they cannot do
it, and do not do it? Judge Daniel is required to
hold circuit courts in Arkansas. When was he
in Arkansas or Mississippi? He cannot be there
and here at the same time. The same remark
may apply to any judge who may be required to
go to Texas. Who has gone to Texas, or any
of those new States ? They cannot do it; and yet
gentlemen talk about requiring these judges to go
on circuit. It" Senators have a mind to take the
responsibility of defeating the bill, I say, for one,
1 have as little interest in the question as any one
else, and it is only from official responsibility, as
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, that
I have brought in and pressed the bill.
Mr.TOUCEY. I am very glad, Mr. President,
that the issue is presented, as it is, upon the first
section of this bill. It presents this, question:
Shall the Judges of the Supreme Court be multi-
plied so as to discharge the duties, not only of the
Supreme Coust, but of the circuit courts throughout
the country, or will you confinethem to their legiti-
mate duties, appointing inferior judges to discharge
inferior duties? Is there a member of the Senate
who can doubt that the time is near at hand—if it
has not already come—when it is an absolute
impossibtlty for the Judges of the Supreme Court
to go through this Union and adjudicate those
cases which are proposed to be adjudicated in the
different localities? How long will it be before
we shall have a hundred millions of people? How
long before the judicial business of this country
will be such that no nine men, sitting here, can,
in the course of the year, hear and decide the
cases which necessarily come into the Supreme
Court? The duties of that court increase as our
territory increases, as contracts increase, as the
various sources from which the business here
adjudicated comes, enlarge; and if the time has
not already arrived, how long will it be before it
will be impossible for one court, sitting here, to
do more than adjudicate those cases which must
come here ?
Sir, the Supreme Court has original jurisdiction
conferred by the Constitution. That cannot be
enhrsred, nor can it be diminished. It has also
appellate jurisdiction. The original and appel-
' late jurisdiction comprise the whole powers of
that court. The appellate jurisdiction can be
limited by act of Congress; that is, you may
prevent small cases from being transferred to this
court unless some great principle is involved, so
that the amount in controversy in the individual
case in of very little or no importance. I under-
take to say, that,according to my experienceand
observation, the time has come when the original
and appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court
can scarcely be exercised by the judges who sit
in the chamber below us. And no onecan doubt
that, if the time has not already come, a very
short period only can elapse before they will be
overwhelmed with duties here. What reason,
then, is there for taking them away from their
appropriate duties here? I think the time has
come; but even if it has not come, under the inev-
itable state of things to which I have referred,
ought we not at once to lay aside this system in
that respect which has been outgrown by the
country, and adopt one which is capable of being
extended to every portion of the Union? I
acknowledge that my opinion is very clear and
decided that the duty has already been devolved
upon us^o make provision for every portion of
the country.
Why, sir, there are large portions of the coun-
try which have no circuit courts held by Judges
of the Supreme Court. It is impossible. They
are deprived of the benefits which are accorded
to the Atlantic States. The time will come when
those portions of the country will be vastly more
extended.
But I go further; I say the time has now come
■when the duties of the inferior courts, called " cir-
cuit courts," cannot be performed by the Judges
of the Supreme Court without taking them away
from the appropriate duties which are devolved
upon them as Judges of the Supreme Court. Dur-
ing the session of the Supreme Court here m the
winter, during that period when it must sit here,
no business can be done requiring the presence of
a circuit judge or a Judge of the Supreme Court,
throughout this whole country. Then, when you
come to the summer season, howcan the judges of
this court go into those regions, where men unac-
customed to the climate cannotgo, for the purpose
of residing or transacting business.
How, then, cdn you make the present system
extend over the whole country? There is only
one mode of doing it, and that is by increasing the
number of judges who sit in the chamber~below
us, and when that is done what will be the con-
stitution of this court? In my judgment, the
greatest calamity that can he inflicted upon this
country is, to multiply the judges of that court,
until the responsibility which ought to rest upon
them individually shall cease to rest upon them.
I am not willing to have a Supreme Court of
twenty or thirty to adjudicate the great questions
which are brought into that court. In my judg-
ment, it would be fatal to the judiciary that any
such state of things should exist. On the con-
trary, the judges of that court should not be
more numerous than they are at the present time;
and they ought never to be increased beyond the
number which occasionally sits, when the twelve
judges of England are brought together.
Mr. BUTLER. There are fifteen judges there
now.
Mr. TOUCEY. Between the two alternatives
to which I iiave alluded, I can choose but one. I
am utterly opposed to increasing the number of
the Judges of the Supreme Court, and requiring
them to go into the circuits. Well, then, what
can be done? We all must agree that, if the time
has not come, it is near at hand when it will be
impossible for them to discharge their duties in
the court above if you take them away from those
duties and send them on circuit.
Now, sir, i advance a proposition which, it
seems to me, no one can successfully controvert:
That, in executing the power cbnfcrred on this
Government under the Constitution, we should
not be justified in taking the judges away from the
Supreme Court to discharge the duties of inferior
courts, if their presence is required in the Supreme
Court. I think it is contrary to the theory of the
Constitution; contrary to the principle of the Con-
stitution; it is at war with the great object in view
in delegating the judicial power conferred on this
Government. That power is the sheet-anchor of
our safety. It is the power by which this Gov-
ernment is held together by the enforcement of
laws, by the adjudication of great quest ions which
are agitated between different sections of the coun-
try. It is our imperative duty to uphold that
power and to make it efficient. How can you do
it unless you allow nine men here m this Capitol
to sit and pass upon that class of questions which
come before them, either by their appellate juris-
diction, or which are brought to their notice by
the original jurisdiction conferred by the Consti-
tution? Let them pass in judgmentoti those ques-
tions for the peace of the country, for the main-
tenance of the rights of this Government. I say
it cannot be done under the present system; and I
say that every gentleman who hears me must be
satisfied that, if the time has not come, it is near
at hand when it is incumbent upon us to adopt a
system which is applicable to the actual condition
of the country, and capable of indefinite expan-
sion.
Sir, what is the objection to this bill ? It is
that Judges of the Supreme Court ought to go
into the circuits for the purpose of learning the
local law, and becoming familiar with the people.
Why, stfj they are acquainted with the local law
in the region from which they come, where they
are authorized to discharge chamber duties under
this bill, and where I would go a step further, and
require that they should reside when they were
not attending upon the Supreme Court. What is
required of them by the substitute of my friend
from Illinois > That a judge shall go into each of
thecircuits,and in thecourseof nine years, through
the whole country. By this provision you would
require a judge of the eastern circuit, who must
be a great commercial lawyer—a great admiralty
judge—familiar with the local laws of that section
of the Union, to throw aside the knowledge which
he possesses, and to go into California to adjudi-
cate land titles, to pass his judgment upon a sub-
ject which he probably would tell you had never
attracted his attention, unless casually in the Su-
preme Court. You would place him there upon
a footing of equality with the district judges, whose
voice would beequal to his. When hegoes there,
what would he say ? He would say to his asso-
ciate judges, " Gentlemen, you must decide this
case; 1 know nothing about it." And on the
other hand, if you take a judge from the remote
West, who never has exercised admiralty juris-
diction, and carry him to New York or Boston,
to adjudicate admiralty cases, he would say to
the district judges, "Gentlemen, you are perfectly
familiar with this subject; I have never given any
particular attention to it; you may decide this case,
and I shall acquiesce in the decision."
Under thesubstitute of the Senator from Illinois,
the Judge of the Supreme Court presiding in the
respective circuitcourts of appeals,is not required
to try jury cases; he is required merely to look
upon the record, and, with his associates, pass
upon a writ of error or upon an appeal on the
facts presented in the case, without a jury, with-
out a witness. That is what he does every day in
the Supreme Court. The difference is that, by
the substitute, you require him to go into « court
of half a dozen district judges, where his "oice
upon a subject with which he is not perfectly fa-
miliar will be of no potency whatever; and he
will be m a condition in which I think a man of
learning and ability would not wish to be placed,
to be called on to act with men who, in regard to
the question before him, are perfectly at home,
while to the subject he himself is perfectly a
stranger.
The Judges of the Supreme Court should come
from every portion of the country. I agree that
every section of the Union should be represented;
but there is no mode of enforcing that representa-
tion except in this body. By our action on nom-
inations, you may require it. You may require,
by law, that the judge shall reside in the circuit
from which he is appointed, and I should be
in favor of that provision. But when you have
done that, you have done all yon can do; you
have exhausted your power over the subject. As
I have already said, in the constitution of the
Supreme Court, every portion of the country
should be represented, and the combined knowl-
edge of those gentlemen coming from all quarters
of the Confederacy, and here passing upon cases,
should be made useful in the labors of the court.
But, sir, I will not follow up this discussion. I
say the motion which is now made brings us to
this question: Can we, consistently with the pnb-
hcinterests, if we have the power—which, I think,
is contrary to the true theory of the Constitution,
although U has been acquiesced in—demand of
the Judges of the Supreme Court that they shall
neglect their appropriate duties here, and travel
over the country to hold circuit courts? When
every hour of every day in the year is demanded
for the transaction of the business which comes
up into that court, by reason of the appellate and
original jurisdiction conferred on it by the Consti-
tution, is it right, is it just, is it according to the
theory of the Constitution, is it carrying out the
objects of the Constitution, to take the judges
away from those appropriates duties, and require
them to act as inferior judges in the different por-
tions of this country? In my view, it is not right
and proper that we should thus execute the duties
which are devolved upon us. The original the-
ory was, that a judge ought to sit at nisi prius9
and try jury cases, as m England. No one
now proposes, however, that that should be done
here. The substitute of the Senator from Illi-
nois proposes no such thing; but, according to
that, you take a judge away from that practice
with which he has been familiar, and you require
him to go into California to look at the record, to
form opinions, to aid the judges of the district
courts, who are perfectly familiar with the law on
the subject involved in the particular case, to ad-
judicate the case; and then it comes into the Su-
preme Court here, when he is called upon to act
again. I am opposed, from any popular consid-
erations, or from any antiquated considerations, to
adopting any such course as that. I would meet the
difficulty; i would look it in the face; and, if it be
true that this country is expanding, growing, and
its business enlarging, until it is impracticable for
the Supreme Court to adjudicate the cases coming
before it, I would meet thatdifrifluUy, and legislate
