1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
shall be appointed from different sections of the
country, and the knowledge that a portion of their
time wilt be spent in their circuits, in the active
exercise of those duties which are akin to profes-
sional duties, which tend to keep the minds of
men alive, and not to let them deteriorate in the
mere unvaried round of the ordinary duties of a
judge simply of a court of law.
1 wish Senators to understand that I believe the
present system is a good system; that it has given
general satisfaction to the country; that it has
been a safe system in all particulars; that the peo-
ple of the country are attached to it; that, under it,
we have had good and able judges, and shall be
likely to retain good and able judges, upon whom
• the confidence of the country will rest, if the only
reason for varying from it is a belief of the neces-
sity for a change, i thmk we should still keep
ourselves as near to it as we possibly can. Let us
go no further than that necessity compels us to
go. Let us not, at one stride, abolish all those
features which have been found so beneficial in
the constitution of the Supreme Court, and adopt
a system against which the judgment of all the
early judges of the court was expressed in the
beginning, and on which they acted during the
time they held their places on the bench.
I do not intend, at this time, to say anything
about the details of the bill. They have not been
discussed, and I do not understand that it is neces-
sary, as yet, to examine them. 1 have said thus
much merely to defend the vote I shall give m
favor of striking out the first section, and with the
further object of expressing my opinion that we
ought not to vary a single hair's breadth further
from the existing system than we are compelled
to do under the pressure of absolute necessity.
Thus far 1 am willing to eo, but no further.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, the honorable
Senator who has just taken his seat, designated
the present as a most excellent system. Lie may
think so; but it strikes me that it is partial in its
operation. The same benefits are not extended
to the State of Texas which are extended to the
State of Maine. In Texas we have not the ad-
vantage of circuit court jurisdiction at all. We
have no circuit courts of the United States there,
and, therefore, we are not on an equality with
other States.
As I understand the bill reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary, its object is to
remedy two evils. It sedss to treat nil sections of
the country alike, to give the same judicial facili-
ties to the extremities which are given to the
center. It proposes, also, to relieve the Supreme
Court, or lather to relieve the suitors in that
court, from u long delay which occurs there in
consequence of that body not having time to dis-
charge the appellate jurisdiction winch conies
before it.
The honorable Senator from Maine says, we
must hold on to that feature of the present
tem winch requires the Supreme Court Judges to
perform circuit duties. Wlrit kind of a promn-e
is it to the ccction of the country which i repre-
sent, that they shall be put on an equality with
the State of Maine? That State is easily arrived
at, and is in the immediate neighborhood of one
oT the Judges of the Supreme Court, to whom it
may be no inconvenience to hold circuit courts in
Maine; but. in my section it is diflVient. It has
been already stated in debate that, although there
is a circuit" court jurisdiction extending to Aikan-
sas, the Judge of the Supreme Court assigned to
that circuit does not go there. 1 apprehend a
great deal of mischief may result from tins. A
writ of error may be taken from the district court
to the circuit court, but as long as the circuit judge
does nnt go there, just so long that business can-
not be attended to at all.
But, Mr. President, I cannot see the.benefit
which some gentlemen seem to think these judges
derive from traveling through the country. Is it
a physical possibility for them to go to California?
Yet we know that some of the most important
questions to be adjudicated by the Supreme Court,
for a number of years to come, wilt arise in the
State of California. Can any of the Judges of the
Supreme Court go there? If they do, they must
go there to learn; but it strikes me that the people
of California would prefer to have a judge there
who knew the law, so as to decide their rights
promptly, rather than have one of the Judges of
the Supreme Court coming there to learn their
local laws. Itseems to me that if they have in Cal-
ifornia, as I apprehend they have, judicial material,
justasgood,perhaps,as thatof winch theSupreme
Court is made,it would conduce agieatdeal more
to the ends of justice to have as judges those
already versed in the local law of the county to
decide questions which may arise there. A very
email portion of the cases determined in California
now come to the Supreme Court for final adjudi-
cation; most or them are finally decided m Cali-
fornia, because appeals are not entered. Then
would it not be better to have a judge on the ground
who understood the local law and could decide
properly, rather than to take one of the Judges
of the Supreme Court, already loaded down with
business—for it is upon that supposition, not
denied, 1 believe, by anybody, that this bill 13
founded. Is it better to have a judge there qual-
ified to discharge the duties, or to take one irom
the Supreme Court already overloaded with bus-
iness, having more than they can possibly do, and
send him all the way to California to iearn the
local laws?
I have not looked into this subject as much as
I ought to have done, or as much as I intend to
do during the discussion of this bill, for I appre-
hend it will take sometime to discuss it. My own
opinion is, that the better system would probably
be to dispense with the circuit courts altogether,
and to curtail the jurisdiction of the district courts.
I can never agree to go for the amendment sug-
gested by ihe honorable Senator from Illinois,
because it proposes a number of appellate courts
which wdl involve much expense, uiid 1 can see
no great benefit to be derived from them. It
seems to me that they will open the door for a
great deal of litigation, and will consume much
tune, which, 1 think, are evils to he avoided, in
the administration of justice.
In my opinion, the prcterable course would be
to put uu amendment to this bdl, curtailing the
jurisdiction of the district courts. That would
be beneficial to the community. In every State
there are State courts established, which are ad-
ministering justice m a manner which commands
the admiration of all. At the time ot the adoption
of the Constitution of the United States, it was
uncertain what course the Stutcs would take m
reference to a judicial system; and hence the
judicial power of the Federal Government was
given to the extent in which we find it, in order,
that if the States did not establish courts where
justice could be properly administered, the Gen-
eral Government might have power to do so.
We were just coming out of the Revolution, at a
time when it was very difficult to eulorce lights
before a court of justice. Experience, however,
has shown that alt the State courts may be safely
relied upon. Suits in those courts are attended
with lesd expense than suits in the United States
courts. The jurisdiction of the district courts
of the United States, I believe, extends to wutts
between citizens of different States, where the
amount in controversy is even as low as §500. In
some of the huge States,especially the one which
I represent, the cost of summoning witnesses, !
bunging jurors together, and similar matters, j
make the Oiil of costs, on an issue involving only
$500, enoimous. This is an evil which 1 should
lilte lo aee remedied.
1 shall vote, sir, against the striking out of the
first section of this bid; for I believe that if that
section be stricken out, the matter will end where
it is; and we shall have no reform, but business
will continue to accumulate in the Supreme Court
and the other courts of the United States, without
any means of disposing of k.
Mr. FIStl. The Senator fiom Maine, [Mr.
FEssKNUbN,] a few moments since, appealed to
mc with regard to the organization of courts in
New York, i was undera misapprehension with
regard to the court to which he alluded. I sup-
posed he referred to the original supreme court of
the State of New York under its first constitution
—the constitution which was abolished in 3822.
1 understand, however, from the Senator, that the
court to which he alludes was that which succeeded
it under the constitution of 1821, which was a
court consisting of three judges sitting in banc,
and trying merely the questions of law which
were sent up from the courts of nisi pruts. At
that time there was a system of circuit judges
holding the courts of nisi prtits, and sending up a
record'. With regard to that court, I did not
intend to express theopinion which I did. It wets
abolished, and abolished by pretty general con-
sent, though there may be a difference of opinion
as to whether the difficulty and defect existed in
the court in banc or in the circuit system. I should
be inclined to the latter opinion.
Mr. GEYER. Mr. President, the remarks
made by honorable Senators, in this discussion,
have confirmed me in the opinion which I enter-
tained from the beginning, that it was important
we should first settle the principle upon which to
frame a Lull of any sort. The bill reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary contains two propo-
sitions, which, I think, ought to be voted upon
distinctly, and separated from the consideration of
the details of any bill. The first is that which
proposes to withdraw the Judges of the Supreme
Court entirely from circuit duty. If that be
agreed to, it by no means determines what the
system shall be, because we may still transfer the
entire jurisdiction of the circuit courts to the dis-
trict courts, and have no separate circuit judges.
Then the bill in the fourth section makes another
proposition, which is to appoint eleven circuit
judges.
Now, sir, I have moved to strike out the first
section of the bill for the purpose of testing the
sense of the Senate on the first great question which
i3 to be decided by them, before we determine
upon any system whatever, or go into the details
of any system—the question whether we shall
centralize the Supreme Court, for that is, the real
question presented to us. The advantages derived
from the present system are supposed to be, first,
that the Judges of the Supreme Court, in attending
the trial of causes in the circuits, become better
acquainted with the local laws than they other-
wise would be, and are, therefore, more competent
to judge when questions are presented to them
having connection with those local laws or arising
out of them. The other and the great advantage
iy, that, as the court is now constituted, a repre-
sentative system is established, which, although
not absolutely obligatory by the Constitution, has
been recognized here in the Senate and iu the coun-
try as a thing not to be departed from. Judges
tire appointed from the vanous portions of the
Union, and each section, having a distinct and
separate interest and distinct systems of law, is
represented m that court as it is now constituted.
The danger is, that whenever you confine their
duties to this place, and do r.ot keep up the idea
of distinct representation, you centralize the court,
and bring the judges to reside in the immediate
neighborhood of the seat of Government, and en-
able the Executive, whenever a vacancy occurs,
to appoint from any portion of the Union. The
consequence of this would be, that the power
rcpiesented in the election of a President would
be most powerfully represented in the Supreme
Court. In the very nature of things it must be so.
If you abolish the idea of a representative system
in that department of the Government, you will
bring to bear the influence of the power of the
States in the organization of that court; and the
weaker States will not be represented in it.
The bill pioposcd by the Committee on the
Judiciary proposes to abandon all the great ad-
vantages which are supposed to have been secured
by the present system. It abandons this repre-
sentative principle. It abandons, also, the advant-
ages which are supposed to be derived from the
judges being sent out on the circuits to try causes.
it is said, however, sir, that the Judges of the
Supreme Court are unable to perform all the duties
now devolved on them. It seems to me that the
first remedy naturally suggested for that evil,
would be to cut down their jurisdiction, or divide
the appellate power, as is proposed by the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, so that the business
of the Supreme Court should be greatly dimin-
ished by the reduction of the number of causes
brought before it.
It is objected to the system proposed by the
Senator from Illinois, or a plan similartoit,thatit
will not answer, because the country will outgrow
it. The first response I have to make to that is,
that when the country does outgrow it, it will be
a very simple operation to withdraw the Judges
of the Supreme Court from the intermediate ap-
pellate courts, and leave those intermediate courts
existing, composed of the judges of tne district
courts, to try causes, with a limited appellatejuris-
diction from the respective district courts. If you
