pt-p powmmmu^ mi.
January 9,
adopt some such system as that, you will have
deduced the amount of business which isnowi'm-
posecl on the Supreme Coart of the UnitedStates,
and you will hare adopted a system which, for
the present at-least, will keep op the idea of rep-
resentation fn theSupreme Court, "to which I have
referred, and postpone the time when this central-
ization is to take place. In other words, Mr.
President, the proposition of the Committee on the
Judiciary is to go to the extreme at once. The
proposition of the honorable Senator from Illinois
affects the present System in some of its details,
tad proposes to preserve as much as we can of its
advantages', but niore especially to preserve this
representative quality in the constitution of the
SUpreme Court.- ~
Mr. President, so far from its adding labor to
the Supreme Court, the substitute of the honor-
able'Senator from Illinois proposes only to divide
the labor; that is, instead of having all the causes
from all the courts of the United States, great and
smiill, brought here to the seat of government, to
be adjudged in the Supreme Court, it proposes
that a very considerable portion of them shall be
decided by the intermediate appellate courts, for
the establishment of which it provides. I do not
know whether it provides that the decision of
those intermediate appellate courts shall be final,
but it ought to be so. The effect of this will be,
that the Supreme Judge who goes to a circuit as a
judge of the appellate court, will discharge a por-
tion of the duties which now devolve on him in
til® circuit court; and that is all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It might be modified so
as to leave the appellate court for a whole circuit
to consist of one Judge of the Supreme Court.
Mr. GEYER. Another modification has been
suggested by the honorable Senator from Maine:
that is, to make the Supreme Court Judge the sole
judge of the appellate court. I was going to
remark, however, that, if it should happen that a
Judge of the Supreme Court should not attend, in
someoneof the circuits, to hold the appellate court,
it could still be held by the district judges, if a
majority of them should assemble there. The
evil, under this plan, would not be greater than
it is now, nor greater than it will be upon the plan
proposed by the committee. I refer to the alleged
eWt of having a decision made by the district
judges. As it is now, the Judges of the Supreme
Court are relieved, in a great measure, from their
circuit duties, and you have, in some States—
Missouri is one of them—a nominal circuit court
in which the judge makes his appearance once in
two years.
An objection taken by the honorable Senator
from Virginia to the substitute of the Senator
from Illinois, is, that these Judges cannot possibly
go to California. Now, I apprehend that when,
according to the plan proposed by the Senator
from Illinois, they are to receive mileage, as mem-
bers of Congress receive it, for their travel, they
will find it just as easy to travel to California and
back again to the city of Washington, as it is to
the Senators and "Representatives from that State.
But, sir, as I have said, this system proposes
now to retain as much of the existing plan, which
has been found so much favored by the people of
the United States, as we can consistently, with
the amount of labor proper to be imposed upon
theSupreme Court Judges. If hereafter it shall
be found that they cannot perform their duties in
the intermediate courts of appeals, I repeat, it
will be the easiest thing in the world to withdraw
them from those courts, without interfering much
with their organization.
Sir, I hope that the honorable Senator from
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] who opened the debate
to-day, will reconsider the reasons upon which he
based his intention to vote against striking out the
first section of this bill. 1 will ask him what
advantage he gains by it? If we go on without
making up our minds, holding our opinions in
suspense in reference to a system, how can we
perfect any plan ?
Mr. BELL. Will the honorable Senator yield
me the floor for a moment?
Mr. GEYER. With pleasure.
Mr. BELL. " I understood from several gentle-
men, of more experience in the matter than my-
self, that the proposition of the honorable Senator
from Illinois will actually afford no relief from the
labors of the Judges on theSupreme bench, and I
based my course on the supposition that we must
do something, and that it was probable nothing
effective could be done unless we adopted soijie'-
thing like this feature. It may, perhaps, be
thought proper to give the district courts final
jurisdiction over cases involving larger amounts
than those over which their jurisdiction ia now
final. That might be a relief to the Supreme
Court. I'understand, however, that'the present
Judges of the Supreme Court have, by great
industry, and perseverance, and courage, dis-
patched a great deal more business than is usual,
and that it is hardly possible for them to continue
for any length of time to dispatch business as they
have done recently. I have been told, also,
that the proposition of the Senator from .Illinois
really gives no relief. Now, my mind is certainly
suspended. I prefer the old idea of a represent-
ative system on account of the court itself; but
it may not he possible to carry it out fully, and
therefore I do not choose to give a vote which will
say " that I will not grant any relief whatever, I
will not diminish the Tabors of the Judges or the
Supreme Court, on the ground that I would not,
as it is called, centralize the court." I do not
wish to be put in such a position.
Mr. GEYER. It has occurred to me that the
proposition contained in the first section stands in
advance of everything else; and if it be adopted
by the deliberate judgment of the Senate, I shall
feel bound, as I ft It bound when I found myself
in a minority on that question in the committee,
to operate in perfecting the details of the bill.
Whenever the Senate shall decide that in this re-
organization of the judiciary, they will adopt the
system proposed by the first section, I shall co-
operate with the honorable chairman of the com-
mittee in endeavoring to perfect the bill upon that
principle; and I suppose this question ought to be
decided in advance of any attempt to settle details.
Now, the honorable Senator informs me that he
does not find an adequate remedy in the details of
ihe proposition submitted by the honorable Sena-
tor from Illinois. That may be true. It may be
that that amendment is exposed to some objec-
tions, and serious ones, too; but it does not follow
that it is the only alternative. It does not follow
that we may not even constitute a court in which
a Judge of the Supreme Court shall be the only
judge, as an appellate intermediate court. But
we ought first to decide upon the principle, unless
we mean to go on and perfect the details of the
bill, in an uncertainty about what we are going to
do ultimately; and then, when the principle is
adopted, we ought to go on and perfect the bill in
its details, so as to carry out that principle. If
we cannot make up a judgment on the principle, if
we cannot think of any other proposition which
is better, why, then, let us go on in the dark; but
I am very sure that the fertile mind of the hon-
orable Senator from Tennessee will suggest to
him many plans which are better than that of
centralizing the Supreme Court, for 1 look upon
that with great apprehension. I am determined,
so far as I am concerned, to postpone what I
regard as an evil hour, as long as I possibly can;
and Ireipeat again in the hearing of that honor-
able Senator, if the substitute, after being amended
in its details, should be adopted, and under the
plan which it proposes, it should hereafter be found
that the judges are incapable of performing the
duties which are imposed upon them, and it should
become an inexorable necessity to abandon the
representative system, it may be done.
Air. BADGER. Mr. President, I believe the
Senate is now engaged in considering propositions
to amend the original bill, and the pending ques-
tion is a motion to strike out the first section of
the original bill. That section, if I understand
correctly, proposes to discharge the Judges of the
Supreme. Court of the United States from circuit
duty. I am opposed to striking out that section.
I am very far from being desirous in what I am
about to say in reference to the original bill, to
commit myself against the substitute proposed by
the Senator from Illinois, for I confess the present
inclination of my mind is in favor of that substi-
tute, with some modifications and alterations.
But I understand we are now engaged in determin-
ing what shall be the form of the original bill,and,
for the present, we put out of view the proposed
substitute.
Now, sir, I am in favor of discharging the!
Judges of the Supreme Court from attending cir- j
cuit duty, and in coming to that conclusion, I ,
have yielded to tlie necessities, as I conceive them,
of the country, f agree with my honorable friend
from Missouri, [Mr. Gey£r] that there are many
reasons why, if it were practicable to do so, why,
if the original dimensions of the United States had
continued as they were, the system which assigns
the Judges of the Supreme Court to circuits should
be preserved. I have been, heretofore, entirely
opposed to discharging the judges of that court
from folding the circuits; I have felt tba,t there
were strong reasops why they should continue to
be connected with the circuits; and I had occasion
some years ago to express those opinions in the
Senate.
" But, sir, all these inquiries as .to the particular
advantages which would arise from the distribu-
tion of the judges upon circuits, in the administra-
tion of the law of the country, necessarily yield
to considerations which render that distribution of
the judges upon the circuits no longer consistent
with the discharge of the ultimate and primary
duties of their office. Sir, the United States have
now sprung up to be a mighty empire in extent;
and when you increase the size of your country
to half a world, it is in vain to expect to retain the
circuit system, which we borrowed from our an-
cestors, and which obtains in the small portion of
the Island of Great Britain called England, and
which we have heretofore been enabled to keep
up but with manifold inconvenience, resulting
from the accession of territory even before we had
our territories upon the Pacific. One of two
.things must necessarily follow: If the Judges of
the Supreme Court are, in the existing enlarge-
ment of this country, to be sent out to discharge
circuit duties, either the duties which belong to
them in the court of the last resort must be
neglected or imperfectly performed, or you must
practically discharge them from attending the
circuits which the law nominally assigns them to
attend, and thereby their connection with the
circuits becomes entirely useless and merely
formal. *
Why, Mr. President, we know that Congress
have, for some years, been under the necessity of
discharging judges of-that court from holding one
of the two terms which is required, by law, to be
holden of circuit courts throughout the United
States. Congress have been obliged to do this
from the conviction that it was impossible they
could attend to the whole duties of the circuit and
the whole duties of the Supreme Court. Now,
you have added California; you have added Ore-
gon; you have added Texas; you have more
than doubled the territorial extent of the United
States; and you propose to do what? To require
these judges to hold a supreme tribunal here
once in every year, and once in every year, also,
to traverse circuits throughout this immense do-
main . It cannot be done, with any practical result
of benefit to the country. We are placed in a
situation where we are obliged to choose between
an effectual discharge of the primary and proper
duties of these judges, and, as incident to that, to
discharge them from attending the circuits; or put
them upon the circuits nominally, and surrender
the effectual discharge of the first duties for which
the court was established.
Even the extent of our territory, Mr. President,
does not, by any means, express the difficulties
which arise in maintaining the connection of these
judges with the circuits. The business of the
Supreme Court has increased, and is increasing,
ia a very extraordinary ratio, and the causes sub-
mitted for its adjudication have become, and are be-
coming more.and more important in amount and
complicated in their circumstances. It is upon
that ground, and thatground only, that I havefelt,
myself compelled to yield the strong attachments
which I had to the circuit system, as originally
constituted, and to choose between twothings when
both are not attainable. Now, sir, Congress has
not the power to discharge those judges from at-
tendance on the duties of the Supreme Court. That
courtis established by the Constitution. The court
cannot, as I am perfectly satisfied, adequately dis-
charge both; and I therefore think it is not only a
measure of expediency, but ofhigh duty, to relieve
them from the performance of circuit duties.
. CHASE. Before the vote is taken on strik-
ing out the first section of the bill, I move to
amend that section by adding to it the following:
And no vacancy occurring in ihe office of Associate Jus-
tice of the Supreme Court shall be Sited by a new appoint-
