THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January ft.
At the end of the bill add the following, as a new section:
Sec-2. Jlnd be it farther ena-ted, That any moneys ap-
propriated bv the act of 3lst May, 1834, "to supply defi-
ciencies for "the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1854," appli-
cable to the payment of pensions of invalids who were
wounded on board of private armed vessels during the last
war wnh Great Britain.- not required under the provisions
thereof, be applied to the same purpose for the year ending
30th June, 1655.
The question was put; and the amendment was
agreed to.
The second amendment was then read, as fol-
lows:
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That the widows of the
Officers, non-commissioned officers, marines, or mariners,
who served in the Navy of the" United State3 during the
revolutionary war, and who were married since the first
day of January, 1800, shall be entitled to pensions m the
same manner, and to th   same extent, as the widows of ihe
officers and soldiers of the Army of the Revolution, under
the second section of the act of February 3. 1853 ; and the
pensions gVanted by this act, and those under the said sec-
ond section of the act of February 3, 1853, shall commence
on the 4th day of March, 1846.
Mr. HOUSTON. The reading of the amend-
ment shows that it not only proposes to provide
for the widows of sailors and mariners, but it
proposes to extend the time of pensions granted
by the law of February 3, 1853, back to 1848.
The letter which I have from the Commissioner
of Pensions, which, if the House desire to hear, I
will ask the Clerk to read, states that it will re-
quire about $1,200,000 to commence operations
under the amendment of the Senate to this bill.
If the amendment pass at all, the appropriation
made will amount to about $2,800,000. I hope
the House will disagree to the amendment, for the
reason that it is extending the pension system too
far, unnecessarily so, as I think; and for another
reason, which I think this House ought to duly
consider, a,nd with greater care than it has hitherto
done, and that is to keep out of these appropria-
tion bills legislation for general objects. It is im-
possible for us to conduct a discussion, and debate
general legislation attached to appropriation bills,
with that decree of satisfaction to ourselves that
isdesirable. I hope the House will, therefore, vote
; down the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. FENTON. I wish to inquire of the Chair
if the bill now under consideration is open to
amendment?
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the Sen-
ate may be amended.
Mr. rENTON. I then ask leave to offer the
following amendment:
Jlml be it further enacted, That any woman who was the
wife or widow of ail officer, non commissioned officer,
musician, private, seaman, or marine, who served m the
Army or Navy of the United States in the revolutionary
war, or in any subsequent war, or has since died in the
land or naval service or the United States, shall also be
entitled to the benefits of the pension Jaws, or of this act,
but no woman snail rec^iv^ a pension for any time during
which her husband received one.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order
connected with die amendment just offered by the
gentleman from New York, it is true that the
amendment of the Senate does propose general
legislation, but it is equally true that the bill now
underconsideration is an appropriation bill. The
point of order that I present is this, under a plain
rule of the House, that no amendment can be
proposed to appropriation bills in this House
which is not in pursuance of law. The amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from New York
is not in pursuance of law, as it proposes general
legislation, in direct conflict with the rules of the
House; and although the amendment may be ger-
mane to the amendment of the Senate, yet it is in
conflict with the rules of the House, and therefore
I submit the question of order.
The SPEAKER. The rule to which the gen-
tleman refers is couched in the following language:
"No appropriation shall be reported in such general
appropriation bills, or be in orderasan amendmentthereto,
for any expenditure not previously authorized by law."
That rule would certainly control in an original
bill, and in an amendment proposed to an original
bill of this body; but the amendment offered by
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Fenton]
being consistent with the amendment of the Senate,
the Chair considers it to be in order, governed as
he must be by the action of the Senate in relation
to the amendment passed by that body.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the Chair allow me to
make a suggestion ? There are two rules that
govern amendments made to appropriation bills.
One is, that they must be germane to the subject-
matter. This amendment is germane to the
amendment of the Senate; but if the Chair will
look at the other rule, he will find that it is entirely
distinet from the one in relation to the applica-
bility 
Mr.. FENTON. I call the gentleman from
Alabama to order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair signified his
desire to hear the gentleman from Alabama in any
suggestion or additional views in reference "to the
point of order raised by him. " No appropriation
shall be reported in such general bills, or be in
order as an amendment thereto, for any expendi-
ture not previously authorized bylaw." Is not
that the rule ?
Mr, HOUSTON. Certainly, that is a rule of
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Senate have violated
that rule.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was just about to make a
remark in relation to that point.
TheSPEAKER. We cannot control theaction
of the Senate. The amendment proposed by the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Fenton] is
perfectly consistent with the amendment of the
Senate, which we are obliged to recognize as a
legitimate act of that body.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the attention of the
Chair to the distinction between the two rules. If
the point alone presented 
The SPEAKER. To what other rule does the
gentleman refer ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I will specify. If the point
of objection presented by myself grew out of the
rule which requires amendments to be germane,
then I grant that the Chair would be right But
I ask whether this is not an appropriation bill?
The mere fact of the Senate having violated our
rules does not authorize us to repeat its violation.
The bill comes back here from the Senate as an
appropriation bill, evidently so. The amendment
offered by the gentleman from New York is ger-
mane to the amendment of the Senate, but is
offered in violation of the rule which says that all
amendments of this kind shall not be considered
in on appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama will surely not ask the Chair to rule the
amendment of the Senate out of order. The
amendment offered by the gentleman from New
York is perfectly consistent with that made by
the Senate to the bill, and the Chair, therefore, is
very clear, that the point of objection raised by the
gentleman from Alabama cannot hold good.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is an amendment making
an appropriation not authorized by law.
The SPEAKER. It is an amendment to an
amendment which comes legitimately here.
Mr. FENTON. I do not propose to discuss
the amendment I have offered. I would ask the
Clerk to read it again to the House, and then have
the question taken directly upon the proposition.
It is a subject with which the House are all per-
fectly familiar, and I will not, therefore, trouble
the House with any remarks at this time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This is a very
important question,and the House is certainly not
prepared to discuss it. I cannot tell, and I sup-
pose many gentlemen here cannot tell, what kind
of cases, and what number of cases, will be pro-
vided for by this proposition of the gentleman
from New York, or what amount of burden it
may impose upon the Treasury. In such a case
as this, it seems to me, we should refer the matter
to the standing committee of this House, whose
duty it is to investigate cases of this character,
and let them reportupon it. Let us, through that
committee, have the facts and the data before us,
that we may act nnderstandingly on such an im-
portant question as this.
Mr. HOUSTON. Did the gentleman from
Tennessf-e make a motion to refer?
The SPEAKER. He did not. The Chair
would inquire if the gentleman from New York
has yielded the floor?
Mr. FENTON. 1 do not relinquish my right
to the floor until the amendment is again read.
The amendment was again read.
_ Mr. WARREN. I rise to ask whether a mo-
tion has been made to refer the bill and amend-
ments?
The SPEAKER. No such motion is pending.
Mr. WARREN. Then I move that the bill
and amendments be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. HOUSTON. Upon that motion I call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and, under
the operation thereof, the bill and amendments
were referred.
MEDIATION OF THE UNITED STATES IN
THE EASTERN WAR.
Mr. AIKEN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce, for the purpose of refer-
ence, a memorial of the Chamber of Commerce
of the city of Charleston, which I send to the
Clerk's table.
The memorial was read for information, as
follows:
Extract from Minutes of tho Chamber of Commerce of 29th
December, 185-4.
Whereas, this Chamber is deeply impressed with the
serious disadvantages which accrue to the interests of com-
merce from the war in which the four great Powers of
Europe are now involved, and cordially participates in the
humane considerations which seek to effect a restoration
of the blessings of peacc : Therefore—
Resolved, That the tender of the pood offices of our Gov-
ernment to the belligerents as a mediator, m such manner
as the wisdom of the Government shall deem n:ht and best,
is earnestly and respectfully recommended to the serious
consideration of our Senators and Representatives now in
Congress assembled.
Resolved, That the President be directed to transmit
copics of the foregoing to our Senators and immediate Rep-
resentatives at Washington, with a request that liiey will
present the same to their respective bodies.
Mr. WALSH. I object to the introduction of
the memorial.
The SPEAKER.. Objection being made, it
cannot be received.
PACIFIC RAILROAD EILL.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that all debate
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, upon House bill No. 295, be terminated
on Monday the 16th day of January instant, at
one o'clock, p. m.
Mr. LETCHER. What bill is that ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. It is the Pacific railroad
bill. The reports of the exploration and surveys
are now being distributed, and the maps will all
be prepared in a day or two. I trust the moiion
I have made will be agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Ia the motion
open to amendment at this time?
TheSPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JONES. Then I move to strike out the
words "Monday the 16th," and insert in lieu
thereof the words " Friday the 12th." The House
will then have an opportunity to indicate their
choice between the two periods of time.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I would state to the gentle-
man and to the House, that out of the time which
I have included in my motion, there will betaken
two private bill days; and if Friday is the day
fixed for closing debate, the time will be too abort
to allow gentlemen to express their views upon
so important a subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remind the
gentleman that debate is out of order. The sub-
ject itself is not debatable.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I know it is not, and I do
not intend to debate it.
The question was then put upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Jones, and, upon a division, there
were fifty-seven voting in the affirmative; where-
upon
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for tellers;
which were ordered; and Messrs. Hillyer and
Edmttnoson were appointed.
The question was then taken; when the tellers
reported—ayes 61, noes 80.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the yeas and naya
on the amendment.
[Cries of "No!"]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was disagreed to—yeas 68, nays 9G; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Willis Allen,
David J. Bailey, Barksdale, Belcher, Bell. Boyee, fjrhtovv,
Caskie, Chastam, Churchweli, Clingman, Cobb, Curtis,
Dawson, Dowdell, Dunliam, Edmundson, John M .Elliott,
English, Faulkner, Fuller, Greenwood, Hamilton, lias-
tings, Hendricks, Uenn, Mibbard, Hillyer, Houston, Inger-
soll, Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, KhHv<:!I,
Kurtz, Letcher, Lewis, Lindsley, Macdonald, McCiucf n,
Maurice, Maxwell, Miltson, Murray, Nichols, Oir, Pe< k,
Phelps, RufTin, Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Sl ower, Sin-
gleton, Skelton, Samuel A. Stnuh, William It. smith,
George VV. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Stratton, John
