1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
J. Taylor, Trout, Vansant, Walsh, Wiue, and Daniel B.
Wria'i'—C;5.
NAYS—Moss-ra. JamesC. Allen, Call,Bennett, Breckm-
rid:jp,CarnoheH, Chamberlain, Chandler, Cha^e, Chr.sman,
Clark,Cook, Corwio, Cox,< ""rocker,Cullom,JohnG. D.tvis,
Thomas D'ivis, Dunbar, Edrnatiris, Thomas D. Eliot, Ethe-
ridge, Farley, Foiuon, Fia«ler, Florence, Franklin, Gid-
cling-*, Goode, Gooduoh, Goodwin, Grow, Aaron Harlan,
Haven. Ihfster, Hill, Iluwe, Hughes, Hunt, Keitt, Kerr,
Knox, Lamb, Latham,McDou«*aHrMcMullin, Mace, Macy,
Matteson, Mayai', Meacham, Middleswarih, Smith Miller,
Morgan, Noble, Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Penning-
ton, John Perkins, Prinple, Puryoar, Readv, Reese, Rich-
ardson, David R'tehie, Robbing, Rogers Ilowe, Ru^ell,
Sahin, Sapp, Simmons, Sellers,Riehaid II. Stanton, Alex-
ander II. Stephens, Ilestor h. Steven?, Andrew Stuart,
John L.Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller, Thurston,
Tweed, Upham, Wade. VValbridge, YVaJley, Warren, Elh-
Iiu B. Wa^hburoe, Israel Washburn, YVelh, Tapjmn YVcnt-
worih, Westbrook, Wheeler, and ZollicofFer—96.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mi*. ROBBINS. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion.
Mr. HAMILTON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his call for the yeas and nays. Let us
first see what is the strength of the motion to lay
upon the table.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to lay the resolution on the table, there being, on
tx division, only thirty-one m the affirmative.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
fay and mileage of w. d. w. dent.
Mr. IIILLYEIt. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Mouhe for leave to introduce the following
resolution, which 1 hope may meet the approba-
tion of the body:
Rctolpel, Th'U the Sercpant-at-Armi bo mitIiori7P<i to
pay Wim.iam I). W Dfnt, of Georgia, who is drtiuned at
Iiome by ill health, his per them and mileage for the present
year.
There was no objection.
The question was put on the resolution; and
there were, on a division, ayes 73.
Mr. I .F.TGH ER. I demand the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. MORGAN. If the gentleman w;n strike
from his resolution the provision for the payment
of mileage, it may be acceptable to the House.
We ought not to pay a mail mileage who lias not
been here.
Mr. HILLYER. I withdraw the resolution.
GRADUATION BILL.
Mr. DAWSON". 1 call for the order of the day.
The SPEAKER. The first question under
consideration is the bill to amend the art to grad-
uate and reduce the pi tee of the public land to
actual net tiers and cultivators, which was approved
August 4, ltiM-
Mr. DUN BAR. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to yield me the floor l'or a mo-
ment, that I may introduce a bill of which pre-
vious notice has been given ?
Mr. DAWSON. 1 am sorry, but I cannot
yield to the gentleman. If 1 indulged onegentle-
man, I must others who ask the same piivilege.
The SPEAKER. The question immediately
under consideration is the homestead amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, fiVlr Daw-
son,] as accepted by the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Jones] as a raoditlcation of his own
motion.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I will
now modify my amendment. After the words
" be subject to private entry at," insert the words
" or below," so that the section wiil read as fol-
lows:
"Any free person who is the head of a family, or who
has arrived at the age of twenty-one years, and i" a citizen
of the United State*, shall, from and after the passage of
this act, be entuled to enter, at the rate of fourteen ami one
half cents per acre, to be paid at the expiration of five years
from the date of such entry, one quarter section of vacant
and unappropriated public lands, which may, at the tune
the application is made, be subject to private entry at, or
below, S5 per acre, or a quantity equal thereto, to be
located in a bodv, m conformity with the legal subdivisions
of the public lands, and after the same fahall have been
surveyed."
I desire the homestead provision of the amend-
ment to apply to the land the price of which has
been graduated,or which may be graduated below
$1 25 per acre, to include all lands subject to
private entrv at or below 25 per acre.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the Chair disposed of
the point of order which I raised on this amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee?
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that the
gentleman has the right to press his point of order.
The Chair has already indicated what its decision
would be.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have submitted the point
of order. I shall say notliins; about it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee to be in
order.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. Speaker, twice before
the present occasion, it has been my fortune, in a
somewhat prominent sense, to be the advocate
before you of the great subject to which I have
again to ask your attention. The thanks of the
country are eminently due to this honorable body
for the reception hitherto bestowed upon this
measure, and the warm support which has here
been extended to it. 1 am well aware that the
signal favor which the homestead has met at your
hands is in no degree owing to any merit in the
advocacy of the bill, but solely to its own intrinsic
excellence. !t is yet appropriate to remark upon
the ability and eloquence which the measure has
heretofore elicited in its support from members of
this House, by which its advantages have been
illustrated to the mind of the country; and to hope
that the same ardor and unanimity of sentiment
which characterized your former action in regard
to this subject, will be now once more manifested
; in its favor.
; It will lie recollected, Mr. Sneaker, that, at the
last session of Congress, the bill commonly known
j as the homestead bill was sent to the Senate,
| sanctioned by the overwhelming decision of this
| House, and that the Senate, avoultnga direct vote
! on its provisions, adopted, in lieu of it, the sub-
j stitute of Mr. Hunter. To thatsubstitute there are
I many and grave objections, and u is now my pur-
| pose to seek n redstabbshment, with a few altera-
| tions, of the original bill. An examination of the ]
I Senate's substitute shows it to be a measure for
' the benefit of States, railroads, and speculators.
I Its adoption would be disastrous to the purity of
! legislation in the land States. Who does not
know what, a scramble would erisuem lliose States,
amongst incorporated companies, to get possession
of the lands of which that which lias been car-
ried on in Congress would be but a magnified
reflection > Who does not see the innumerable
charters which, under the influence of log-rolling
in the Legislatures, would be brought forth to
absorb for utilroad purposes all the lands in these
Statci, to the utter exclusion of the settler; which
would cause immense quantities of bonds to he
spawned over the country, make the competition
for money unparallelled, and increase the rates of
interest to an unprecedented extent. The starting
i of so many immature and impracticble schemes,
by creating a fictitious demand for labor and the
necessaries of lit>, would be most pernicious in its
' influence. Little by little 1 he gigantic bubble
' would continue to swell and glisten until it should
I burst, and bankruptcy, in its most stupendous form,
be the sequel. This is no picture of fancy, but
one with winch the American public are in fact
| unfortunately too familiar.
The provision of the substitute which professes
, to mgiai't the homestead principle, viz: the eighth
section, is a mockery. It apparently allows every
| head of a family, or male person of the age of
I twenty-one years, to enter a quarter section of
! unappropriated public lands, upon the condition
I of payment according to a graduated scale of
! twenty five cents per acre. But whether the set-
j tier shall be able to take any advantage at all of
j this provision, depends upon the adoption, or oth-
erwise, by the States, of this provision of the Sen-
ate's substitute; since the States have the privilege
under another section, of acquiring the absolute
right to the public lands within their limits; and of
disposing of them, and at such higher prices, as
their wisdom shall direct, thus superseding the
claim of the settler entirely. It is, at all events,
manifest, that this graduation feature is one for the
benefit of capitalists. Its effect will be to pass
into the hands of such men, millions of acres,
which will remain in a wilderness condition, it
rosy be, for centuries, thus defeating the settlement
of the country, and tending to build up a landed
aristocracy. It is in direct antagonism to the
policy of Mr. Jefferson, of destroying the rights
of primogeniture and entail, and the removal of
all unjust restrictions which tend to tie up property
beyond the reach of the cultivator. It will be an
approximation, so far as the different genius of the
two Governments will allow, of the policy of the
British Government, which has at length concen-
trated in the hands of some thirty thousand indi-
viduals, all the landed property of the Kingdom.
The reason for the policy of graduating and
reducing the price of the public lands was in order
that, by promoting large sales, the Government
might be better enabled to discharge the public
debt; but with the extinguishment of all the old
debt, an inconsiderable existing debtand an over-
flowing Treasury, this reason has ceased. There
being now no need of revenue from the lands, there
should be a reversal of this policy, and the lands
so disposed of, as best to promote settlement, and
thus subserve the general interests of the country.
The revenue from the customs is already more
than sufficient to support the Government; and
perhaps the greatest evils of our present political
condition are those resulting from the struggles to
get possession of the surplus of the Treasury.
The true policy of the country is a poor Treasury
and a rich people.
1 feel, Mr. Speaker, in once more approaching
this question, that we have already exhausted
upon it the resources of argument. 1 propose, at
this time, only a few remarks, such as seem war-
ranted by a review of the whole question, by the
light of the recent searching discussion which it
has undergone in the coordinate branch of the
National Legislature. So far from sinking in any
degree under the weight of that discussion, 1 trust
it is now apparent that at no time has this measure
occupied a stronger position before the country
than at present. A combination of untoward
circumstances, quite unconnected with the merits
of the homestead, have, for a time, interfered to
prevent its passage by the Senate; but the " still
small voice'' of the people, speaking in the calm
majesty of might and justice, is already rising
above the jar of sectional and partisan interests,
and insisting upon the adoption into the legal
policy of the country of this, their favorite measure.
Once more let us discharge our duty towards it.
Let us calmly place before our fellow-citizens the
grounds upon which rest the justice and policy of
the homestead, and give it the sanction of our
decided apptoval; and we can afford to wait the
subsidence of these elements of opposition, which,
varied and conflicting ill their nature, are destined
to a brief duration. A persevering, earnest, and
steady support is what the country looks for at
our hands—is what she has a right to expect—and
will finally enable us to prevail.
It may be thought, indeed, by some that the
passage, at the late t-ession, of the land graduation
bill has taken away much pretext for the farther
pressure of the homestead; and has accomplished
all that could bedesircd or hoped for by the friends
of that measure. Surely, nothing can be further
from th'e truth. It may be admitted, indeed, that
the enactment of that bill was advancing a step in
the right direction; but how limited the benefits
which it confers in comparison with those sought
by the measure under consideration. It isseen at
once that, except as legards lands which have been
ten years in market, the old land system remains
unchanged by the graduation bill—a feature which
renders it inapplicable to much of the land in the
land States, and entirely so to that of the Territo-
ries. It is seen further, that as regards that class
of lands which has been'ten yearn in market, the
reduction is only twenty-five cents an acre—a
! reduction which, as regards the class of settlers
I sought to be benefited by the provisions of the
j homestead, is quite too insignificant to be appre-
i ciated. The further reductions to seventy-five,
| fifty, twenty-five, and twelve and a half cents an
| acre—according as the lands have been fifteen,
twenty, twenty-five, and thirty years in market—
are still liable to the same objection. It is only
when the lands have been thirty years subject to
private entry, and, in consequence, are reduced to
the minimum rate provided by the graduation bill,
that the benefit becomes appreciable for that large
clas^ of settlers for whom the homestead bill was
intended chiefly to provide. The conditions, how-
ever, under which the public lands become re-
duced to the lowest rates,are such as to limit it to
