m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
the smallest and most .worthless portions of the
lands in the States, and in the Territories it can
have no .application at all, and that, therefore, the
.great objects sought by the homestead remain still
to be accomplished.
Let us proceed, however, to notice the few ob-
jections which, in the scrutinizing analysis which
the subject has recently undergone in the other
wing dfihe Capitol, Senators have thought proper
to insist upon against the principles of the home-
stead bill. Thus, it has been contended by cer-
tain Senators of the old States, that the public
lands not acq,aired since the deeds of session, can-
not he disposed of except in accordance with the
conditions of these instruments; and that, as re-
gards subsequent acquisitions, the distinction pro-
posed by this bill would be unequal, and therefore
unjust. It can be successfully shown, however,
as regards the first branch of this proposition,
that in order to comply with that requirement of
thedeedsof cession, that the lands ceded should be
Jegardedas " a common fund for the use and ben-
efit of such of the United States as have become,
or shall become, members of the Confederation or
Federal Alliance of the United States, according to
their usual proportions in the general charge and
.expenditure," that it is necessary to have refer-
ence to the conditions imposed by the eighth
.article of the Constitution of the Confederation,
.namely: that the proceeds from these lands "should
.b.e paid into the National Treasury according to
the amount of real estate held in private hands in
.eachState; and if any. portion remain unexpended,
that it shall .be .paid back, in th.e same proportion,
to the States from which collected," and not dis-
tributed through the Treasury for general pur-
poses.
Such was the rule under the Confederation, but
it is evident that under the present Constitution
it is wholly inapplicable, and impossible to be
carried into eflec. The revenue of the country,
whether collected from the customs or the sale of
the public lands, is paid into the National Treas-
ury, without any reference to the rule embodied in
the 4eeds of cession, and is applied for the " gen-
eral welfare" under the limitations imposed by
the Constitution of 1789, and without any refer-
ence to the eight i article of that of the Confedera-
tion. It is no longer possible to ascertain the
proportion of each State in the "general charge
and expenditure"—that phrase having relation to
a status which has been wholly changed by the
new Constitution—and no longer possible in the
same way to pay back to the several States, par-
ties to the " Federal Alliance," the surplus over
the expenditures fixed by Congress.
It can be maintained, on the other hand, with
irresistible strength of argument, that the States
which were parties to the deeds of cession were
also parties to the Constitution of 1789—an article
of which confers the amplest powers of disposal
of the public lands, which the passage of the
homestead calls for. So incontrovertible is this
fact, and so complete is the abrogation by the pres-
ent Constitution of all conditions precedent in the
deeds of cession, that it can hardly again bedrawn
into question.
4-S to the principles of the homestead being
unjust to the old States, as regards the territory
acquired since the deeds of cession, the objection
wilt scarcely be deemed tenable—the subsequent
acquisitions having been made subject to all the
conditions and limitations of the Constitution, and
falling therefore under the same rule of distribu-
tion. Besides it is^ to be" remembered, that the
old States have originally received grants of the
lands within their limits, and have since converted
and applied the proceeds. They have been also,
and still continue, the objects of Government
bounty in other ways. Have not liberal appropri-
ations been made from time to time, for the im-
provement of rivers and harbors, in the old States
Has not the public money been expended there
profusely for the construction of light-houses,
co?st defenses, and public edifices? And have
they not been the greatest sharers in all the great
measures of legislation, which mark the history
of the country ? If we speak only of the States of
New England, and the sugargrowing States of the
south, have they not been the greatest gainers by
the system of high duties? But it is impossible,
by the same act of legislation, t®  benefit in the
same degree a new country in the wilderness, and
States which have a, dsnse population, with few
unoccupied lands. It is, however, sufficient to
prove the impartial and paternal character of the
Government, if all.interests are duly remembered
and benefited in turn.
But again, when we speak of benefiting the old
States, surely we mean the people of those States,
and notanything whatever of an inanimate nature,
whether mountain or plain, field or forest, town
or country. If so, the homestead is a measure in
which the people of the old States will participate
the most largely, because they have the largest
number within their limits who can take advant-
age of its provisions. I know indeed that this
very circumstance is made an objection to the
homestead, because it is pronounced a temptation,
an inducement, to a large class of the peopl& of
the old States to settle on the public domain.
But, if it be true that portions of the valuable
citizens, whether native or foreign, of the old
Stales, shall feel inducements presented them by
this bill to emigration, is it any reason for with-
holding such inducements, that the landholders of
New England, New York, and Pennsylvania,
would thereby be deprived, to some extent, of
their tenants, or that the demand for farms might
be somewhat less active? Has it come to this,
that our legislation in this direction must be limited
to consulting for the interests of those who have
land; and not at all to ameliorating the condition
of those who have none? Have the rights of
labor, then, no claims to recognition on the part
of the National Legislature, except as secondary
and subsidiary to those of landholders? Sii, I
am free to confess that my reflections upon this
subject have led me to very different conclusions.
I am of opinion that Government, then, best dis-
charges its multifarious and responsible duties, as
far as practicable and legitimate, within the scope
of its powers, by advancing every interest under
its control. Sir, I feel convinced that no such
remnant of feudal bondage, no such slavish doc-
trine as would tie the tenant to the soil of his
employer, will ever find sanction in the free hearts
of this land. Our ancestors had done with all
that centuries ago, in the mother country, when,
from the reign of Edward I., through that of
Henry VII., and in that of Charles I., thev finally
succeeded in extinguishing the tenure of villtnage,
and converted alt lands in the Kingdom into tree
and common socage. The legal systems of these
States recognize nothing else. Our theory of
social rights, embodied in that immortal preamble
of Jefferson, recognizes nothing else. Sir, let us
hear nothing more of injury to the old States by
the passage of the homestead on any such
grounds.
The assumption, however, that the passage of
this bill would, for a time, operate unequally to-
wards the old States by reducing the price of prop-
erty there, is not well founded. Surely such a
consequence would not he more likely to follow
this measure than it would the preemption sys-
tem. Whatever irregularity might be the result
of the inlroduction of the new policy, I believe it
would be of brief duration, and quite inapprecia-
ble. Such are the energies of industry—such the
stimulus of free institutions, that 110 field of enter-
prise will long remain unoccupied. The flood of
prosperity which is continually rolling over the
land, like water, is ever tending to a uniform level.
But to dispel the apprehensions of gentlemen,
let us refer to the reality of things as exhibited by i
the experience of the country for the last seven 1
years. A period of unprecedented prosperity in
the departments of commerce, agriculture, and in-
ternal improvements—in which so many avenues
of intercourse have been constructed between the
seaboard and the valleys of the Mississippi and
the St. Lawrence; and in which more than one
hundred and forty-five millions of acres of the
public lands have been disposed of, a g^od portion
of which has been reduced under cultivation;
there never was a period in which the prices of
produce and real estate in the old States have been
better maintained. Thus, notwithstanding the
vast amount of the products of the interior which
have been brought into competition with those of
the old States, and notwithstanding the mighty
stream of emigration to the West, by which their
population has been annually carried off; the effect
upon prices has not only been wholly unfelt, but
the latter have even continued to advance.
A kindred objection to the last, is that which
represents the free grants proposed by this bill as
doing injustice to those who have heretofore pur-
chased of Government, at $2 and $1 25 per acre.
Here you make a distinction, it is said, which
works injustice to former purchasers. But you
made the same distinction, and created an in-
equality which worked the same injustice, when
you reduced the price of the lands from §2 to jjl 25
per acre; and still later, when, at the last session,
you passed the land graduation bill. By this
argument; whatever policy in regard to our land
system we may first, by accident, have stumbled
upon, that, with unchangeable tenacity, should
be maintained. Such an argument is of no avaii.
You cannot tie up the hands of your successors in
legislation; and the policy which is good for one
generation may be totally unadapted to the next.
" Tempora mutanlwr, et nosmutamur in Wis." The
times change and we with them 1 Doubtless the
feudal system, in the warlike times in which it
flourished, in the middle ages, was a wise and use-
ful institution. -So, in the condition of things exist-
ing in Europe, a monarchy in some form may be
the best Government for any given nation; though
the progress of ideas, and of social amelioration,
may in the next age, find it obsolete and functus
officio. Sir, it is one thing to require a price for
your domain, when the country is in need of a
revenue; and another, and quite different one, to
give it free to actual settlers, when it is no longer
needed for revenue, and in order to carry out a
great scheme of policy not less favorable to indi-
viduals than to all the great interests of the coun-
try—a policy which, more than any other, will
offer its appropriate inducements to labor; will
build up into organized societies the untenanted
wilderness, and people the solitary leagues of fer-
tile soil which stretch away from the con-fines of
the States to the Western ocean.
It was insisted with much earnestness by a dis-
tinguished Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clay-
ton,] that this is a partial measure; that it is class
legislation; that all men cannot turn farmers; and
that, therefore, in order to equalize your bounty,
you should grant money to those who cannot use
land. But, tried by the test, it may saft-ly be said,
that never has a law of a beneficial character ob-
tained a place upon your statute book, but what
the interests for which it provided have been
partial and limited. If this is a true objection, let
me ask once more, does it not lie just as strongly
against tne preemption system ? Does it not lie
just as strongly against a bill for the benefit of
manufacturers?—for the benefit of soldiers'and
marines?—or for a bill raising the salaries of
judges. If a man desires the special benefits of
this legislation, let him bring himself within the
class upon which the bounty is conferred. Let
him fight the battles of his country; let him en-
gage in the working of metals or the spinning of
cotton; in the culture of cane and the boiling of
sugar; or let him become a dignitary of the bench,
and he will share directly in the benefits of the
legislation, if it be special. These are all staple
interests of the country, and it is competent for all
to engage in them without let or hindrance.
Who ever thought of making it an objection to
the law allowing land bounty to the widows of
soldiers, that unmarried women could receive no
benefit therefrom ? Who ever objected to the im-
position of a forty per centum duty upon iron,
that it did not benefit the boiler of salt? Or, who
ever considered it doing injustice to therest of the
community that you appropriate money for the
construction of marine hospitals, open only to
seamen or boatmen?
Sir, the objection that the homestead wilt not
directly benefit every class of industry in the
country, and in equal degree, is of a kind similar
to that in the instances just mentioned; and it is
equally futile m all. Every man, whether rich or
poor, has the power or privilege, if his circum-
stances will permit him—of which, as in other
cases, he is left to be the judge—of becoming an
actual settler on the public domain, and thus par-
ticipating directly in the benefits conferred by this
bill. We claim it, however, as a most positive
and favorable distinction of this measure—which
regards the cultivation of new soil, and bringing
under civilizing influences new territory—that it
does benefit, not the less surely and decidedly,
because indirectly, the great interests of manufac-
tures and commerce, and in a higher degree than
any other special measure whatever.
Another ground of opposition, much insisted
