1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
221
on by distinguished Senators, is the favor shown
by the bill to American residents of foreign birth.
But what is the condition of things under the ex-
isting system ? Foreigners, not even citizens, are
allowed to settle on the public lands under the pre-
emption laws of 183& and 1841, and it has been
deemed sufficient if they have become citizens at
the reception of the patent for their locations. And
by the very liberal provisions of the graduation
bill passed at the last session, and approved Au-
gust 4, 1854, " any person" can enter as an occu-
pant, and settle upon the lands, and acquire a title
and patent at the graduated and reduced rates.
Upon what reasons of policy, of justice, of human-
ity, should more rigorous conditions be imposed
upon any of the objects upon whom the provis-
ions of this bill will operate? Is it proposed to
exclude foreigners altogether? Then you must
repeal the naturalization laws, and adopt a policy
worthy of ancient Es:ypt, or modem Japan. But
let us be careful in doing so, that we belie not the
great principles which he at the basis of our Gov-
ernment, and that we prove not ungrateful to the
memories of our fathers, and to those noble and
self-sacrificing spirits who were prodigal alike of
their money and their blood, throughout the two
wars which secured us in the establishment of our
independence; and to the thousands who since
have come to cast their lots with oars, incorpora-
ting themselves with us, becoming assimilated to
our institutions and usagen, und infusing an cle-
ment of incalculable strength into our republican
system,
i believe, sir, that it is a futile notion that, by
any policy short of a repeal of the naturalization
laws, and perhaps, even a prohibition to the exile
of a " home and a country,M you will be able to
stop the influx of foreigners. The premium hfld
out by our republican institutions will attiaet
crowds, till the population of the continents shall
at last be equalized. You cannot stay this resist*
less wave of immigration. The over crowded dis-
tricts of the Old World will heave it upward and
onward, and it must struggle for a subsistence
and a home. It is then, far more philosophical
to seek such a disposition of it as, from a nource
of mischievous irritation, shall convert it. into one
of profit to the State-, and, while a^aiftiilating it to
our institutions, shall make it tributary to the
general prosperity.
It has, again, suited the purposes of the oppo-
nents of the bill, to view it as designed to oiler
bounties to interfere with the natural course of
industry, converting the followers of commercial
pursuits and mec.luum\s, into farmers; and great
evils have been predicted to follow from this dis-
ruption of old pursuits. The farmer, it is said,
wdl not only have his land cheapened in the old
States, by the withdrawal of population, but the
price of produce will be reduced by the competi-
tion of the number of those who have turned
farmers. In this anticipation, however, no ac-
count is taken of the overstocking of trades, pro-
fessions, and business pursuits, and by the num-
bers which the advance of each fresh veneration is
annually pouring into their ranks. Poverty and
want are the inevitable result to large numbers.
Hy this hill, we only provide a refuse for this
surplus, where by the " sweat of the brow " they
may, at least, obtain a livelihood; for iigucultuie,
as a pursuit, ha« this favorable peculiarity, that
it enables its followers to obtain the means of
living, if it does not furnish them with any threat
surplus for exchange. While in other rallm;^,
the abdity of an individual to sustain himself,
depends upon the quantity of his peculiar'prod-
ucts which may be wanted by others; the ngri-
culturist can live m a great measure on what he
produces. Sir, if the prosperity of the old States
depends upon a large surplus of poor population,
so that labor shall be cheap and abundant, and if
we are called upon to sustain this prosperity by
so shaping our legislation as that the masses
shali be kept ground down to the earth, in order
that landed proprietors and capitalists shall le-
ceive exuavagant rents and revenues, I, for one,
shall ever protest against the wrong. I prefer,
rather, a policy in accordance with the noble
sentiment of the poet: "Fiat juslilia mat cesium."
Let just;ce be done though the heavens fall.
But the argument against the bill on the ground
of i •! jury to the old States, in the several phases in
which we have considered it, is not borne out by
the facts. It is shown, incontrovertibly, by statis-
tics, that while thewestern States-have been form-
ing, the progress of the old States in wealth and
population has been proportionate. An examina-
tion of the facts thus collected, discloses the inter-
esting truth, that while in the lust ten years the
old States have advanced in population one hun-
dred per centum faster than the most flourishing
of the European States, the land States have, at
the same time, received from them more than one
fourth of their whole population. Theieis, in truth,
no antagonism; and it is in vain that the opponents
of the measure would attempt to' create any. A
benefit conferred upon one State is quickly diffused
among all—thus resembling mercy in the quality
ascribed to it by the great dramatist.
A Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] distin-
guished alike for his learning and legal acumen, has
been pleased to term the measure 14 an illusion;"
mark the words, sir, "on illusion"—there is noth-
ing in it, he says, " it is all an illusion." 1 have
no doubt, Mr. Speaker, that to the Jacobites of the
seventeenth century, the abdication of James the
I., and the accession of William of Orange, seemed
at first " an illusion." But the succession of one
line of the Stuarts was then broken, and the
House of Hanover is still upon the throne of
England. No doubt, when it was first urged, the
claim of the Americans to the right of taxing
themselves seemed to the whole people of England
an " illusion." us did the plan of independence to
the royalists in the Revolution; but tlna righthas
lately received a formal acknowledgment by the
Mouse of Lords with 1'eleronce to Canada, and
our independence has long been firmly established.
Later still, the project of Catholic emancipation
was, for years, deemed by Lord Eldon, and other
Tory leaders in the Lords, as an "illusion;" but
the Catholic relief bid i<? upon the statute-book as
a law of the British realm. Illusions, too, were
regarded, no doubi, the projects for reform m the
English system of representation and the com
laws; yet everything necessary for the security of
popular rights, in regard to these subjects, has
been yielded to the perseverance of the people,
supported by a great and just cause.
A distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. BaoDnr.AD] has been pleased to plant, him-
self in divided opposition to the measure upon
the ground of constitutional difficulties, and upon
a variety of other grounds, winch he rather
louche;* upon than develops. My answer to the
honorable Senator's .speech shall be brief and to
t.ie point.
On the constitutional topic, I will, in the first
place, cite the third section of the fourth article.
" Congress shall have the power to dispose nfy and
make all needful rule-s and regulations respecting,
the territory and other property of the United
Stares." I will next refer to the practice of the
Government under tins provision, and will point
to the incorpomtmn of the homestead principle in
the bills for the organization of the Territories of
Oregon and New Mexico. In illustration of the
exercise by Congress of the general light to dis-
pose of the puUhc lands, so aw to enhance the
vfilue of the rent, and to subserve other interests,
I would insfnnce, also, the grants to railroads and
fi r school pmpo^er, for the construction of canals,
the improvement of nav!gablestreams,nnd internal
impiovernents, etc., which, in the aggregate, are
found to have amounted, on the 30th September,
JH54, to more than one hundred and fifty millions
or acres.
I would next instance, in support of the same
power, the opinions of the most eminent for ability
and patriotism, and the most popular of our states-
men, living and departed. 1 would mention, as
names which have sustained the theory and ap-
proved the practice, those of Jefferson, who pro-
posed the settlement of a portion of the Louisiana
purchase, west of thfe Mississippi, by conditional
grants ot one hundred and sixty acres of land—of
Monroe and Ins Cabinet, of whom were Calhoun
and Ciawford, who, in 3810, approved the grant
to the Connecticut asylum, of lands in Kentucky;
and that of James K. Polk, who approved the in-
corporation of the homestend principle directly in
the act erecting the Terruoiy of Oregon. I would
refer, for the same purpose, to that of Franklin
Pierce, in Ins approval of an act passed at the
last session of Congress, making gratuitous grants
of lands to actual settlers m the Territory of New
Mexico. 1 would also refer to the grant made to
Isaac Zane, doling the administration of Wash-
ington, of three tracts of land, for blazing a bridle
path from Wheeling to Maysville, Kentucky; to
the Florida settlement law, granting a quarter sec-
tion of land on conditu not occupancy for the term
of three years; to the law of 1791, by which grants
of land were made to settlers at Vincennes-, to the
act of 1792, by which grants were made to the"
Ohio company for actual settlers; and to the law
of 1795, making a similar provision for settlers'at
Galhopolis. The principle has had the judgment
and sanction of Jackson and Webster—names
above suspicion for ability and patriotism—and is
sustained by the highest authority of our living
patriots and statesmen. The constitutional right
of Congress to dispose of the lands in such way
as their judgment may approve, is in clear and
explicit language; and in the face of the unlimited
exercise of the power, from the foundation of the
Government to the present time, there is no man
who can wink so fast that he cannot see it.
It has been remarked that none but "drunkards
and loafers" will take advantage of this bill. That
its benefits will inure almost exclusively to that
class of our citizens. And is it to terms like these,
stigmatizing as ciminal and subjecting to ridicule
the misfortunes of a portion of our countrymen,
th$t we are called upon to listen, as to overwhelm-
ing arguments against the policy of this measure?
Abusive and depreciating epithets are-cheap, and
ask not the aid of talents to give them point and
effect. Their employment, on the contrary, argues
the want of better capital for the service. The
same style of argument was employed against the
principle of free government,the great principle of
political and civil equality as proclaimed by Jeffer-
son; and even the ben'gn religion of Christianity
was derided in the persons of the humble fisher-
men who were its first propagators.
The class of men for whom this bill is intended
to provide are not "drunkards and loafers."
Thev are the same class who, under Washington,
in 177(>, erected the batteries upon the heights of
Dorchester, and entered the town of Boston na
General tlowe withdrew. They are the same
who, in the trying march from field to field, never
lost a spark of their patriotic devotion, but, in the
hour of disaster, like their gallant leader, still cast
their eyes to the mountains as the dernier resort 9
arid final refuse of their liberties. With Wash-
ington they fought bravely at Brandywine and
Valley Forge, and witnessed, with him,-the sur-
render of Cornwallis at Yurktown—the closing
scene of the Revolution. They q.re the sameclass
who, afterwards, in the struggle which began in
1812, in which the Young America was again
called upon to contend with the power of England
for the freedom of the seas, were found by the
side of Jackson, at New Orleans, braving, with
dauntless breasts, the British bullets and bayo-
nets, and sending up the victorious shout from
under that glorious'banner, which they had borne
to immortal triumph. They are the same who,
with General Taylor, gathered unfading laurels
upon the deadly field of Caena Vista; who landed
with Scott at VeraCruz, and accompanied him in
his heroic march through the valley of Mexico
to the gates of the city; and they are the same
who,under its beetling walls, having extinguished,
by sure aim, the lights upon the rampart-, fought
afterwards through the gloom and confusion of
night, and until the broad splendors of the me-
ridian sun shone uporptheirflag of victory waving
over the Plaza. They are not "drunkards and
loafers," but of that class who, in time of peace,
turn the furrow, and gather the harvest, and who
constitute the bone and sinew of the land, from
Maine to Texas. They are the men who repel
savage violence from the frontiers, who fell the
forests, and who are everywhere the chief pro-
ducers of the substantial wealth of the country.
They are of thatclasswho swingthe hammer and
diive the plane: who plan and who build; and
who are found at theawlai'd the last, at the print-
ing press and the loom; of that class which tend
the locomotive and guide the steamer; which con-
stitute our mercantile marine; and which fill every
class of industrial pursuits. It is the class which
has produced Franklin, and Rittenhouse, and God-
frey, and Fulton, and Morse. 1 may go a stpp
further, and say it is the class which produced
Powers, and Cleavenger, and Greenoush, and
Crawford, and Mills, who, as with the chisel of
Praxitdes, could almost make the marble speaki
and West, who, as -with the- pencil of Raphaef,
