THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9/
could almost" make the brook murmur down the
painted landscape."
But, to take leave of the objections, and the'
ingenious gentlemen who urge them, let us pass,
for a moment, to the merits of the bill. It strikes
me, Mr. Speaker, that the proper point from
which to survey this subject, is that which enables
us to contemplate it as a great question of policy
for the settlement of the public lands, and their
removal from the halls of legislation. The un-
wieldiness and expense of the present system,
and the degree tp which it monopolizes and embar-
rasses congressional action, are potent reasons for
' a change. That a change must be made at no
distant day, there can be no doubt; for these evils
are increasing with each recurring year. In the
new disposition which is to be made of this public
property, I desire that, first and foremost, the
actual settler should be remembered. Nor is it
just that you should regard the disposition by this
bill aa a gift. It is right, rather, to consider, in
addition to the nominal consideration of fourteen
and one half cents per acre, which obviates any
fancied constitutional scruples, and covers the
original cost of purchase, and the extinguishment
of the Indian title, the five years' occupation and
cultivation as an ample compensation, as far
better fulfilling the great object of disposing of t|$
public lands, namely, of settlement, and the de-
velopment of their resources, than the present
system of selling at $1 25 the acre, to persons who
buy with no intention of ever occupying the lands
themselves, but solely to profit by the rise in
value consequent upon the improvement of the
neighboring lands by the labors of the actual
settler.
In great questions of policy, it has been well
said, other elements areproperly to be considered,
besides those of revenue; and a greater addition
is thus made to the positive wealth of the country,
and to her means of defense, than it is possible
to procure by means of revenue arising from the
Bale of the lands.
We find, in referring to the history of that coun-
try from which we derive our representative
system, and the doctrines of the common law,
that the tendency of the best minds of the century
that has just passed, was to the conclusion, as a
distinct principle, that Government lands are most
wisely administered in private hands. This prin-
ciple has received emphatic recognition from one
of her wisest statesmen. It was Edmund Burke
who, intheEnglish Parliament,more than seventy
years ago,in advocating a policy, in its important
aspects similar to that now proposed, uttered that
remarkable declaration in regard to the alienation
of the Crown lands of Great Britain, that " they
Bhould be thrown into the mass of private property,
by which they will come, through the course of
circulation, and through the political secretions,
into well regulated revenue."
Once more let us revert briefly to the origin and
progress of the principle of free grants, in consid-
eration of settlement, which we now propose to
erect into greater prominence in our land policy.
In a speech which I had the honor to make before
you at the recent session in advocacy of this meas-
ure, I was at pains to collect from our colonial
history many striking instances in which, for the
express purpose of settlement, extensive tracts of
territory—portions of these now populous and
flourishing States—were granted to one or a few
individuals by Governments much less favorable
to individual rights than our own. The grants
now proposed, though small in amount, are, in
part, for the same recognized purpose;and, while
the land subject is thereby disposed of 111 this
respect, the measure has this incidental recom-
mendation: that it is chiefly the laboring class of
our people—those for whom no direct legislation
has ever been had hitherto—who will receive the
first benefit of the measure. We may remember
that it has been often urged as an argument for a
high protective policy, and for a United States j
Bank, that those measures would " better enable j
the rich to take care of the poor." But if Gov- i
ernrnent action may be invoked to favor directly
the interests of a class who are capitalists and
proprietors, in order that a benefit may (low indi-
rectly to labor, what is there in reason to prevent
us from conferring the same benefit more surely
and directly? But (be bill creates no odious or
unjust distinction; and the wealthiest citizen,
alike with the poorest, becomes entitled to the
same privileges upon the conditions of settlement
and cultivation.
Possessing, as this measure does, in my estima-
tion, an importance far above the fluctuating influ-
ences of the times, 1 did not hesitate at an early day
to give to it the whole of my humble influence. I
have, in consequence, enjoyed the high honor of
seeing it twice carried by a decided vote through
this, the popular branch of the National Legisla-
ture, and of missing only by a little the seal of the
senatorial approbation. And still the measure
stands as high in my regards as ever. I still see
it as far-reaching and salutary in its influence, and
worthy of the most earnest attention of the most
eminent statesmanship. Itis still a measure prom-
ising more than any other to impart strength to
the State, by unfolding her natural resources, and
by providing, her with a numerous population,
attached to her by the ties of gratitude—by a love
for the soil which furnishes them with a subsist-
ence and a home, and which is their own—a pop-
ulation which is interested, in the highest degree,
in the preservation of our Republican institutions;
and whose virtues should be kept alive as the true
vestal fires, which will preserve in its integrity the
matchless fabric of American liberty for which
our fathers fought.
It has been ascribed as the peculiar danger to
the perpetuity of Democratic Governments, the
temptation to yield to measures which promise a
present, btjt temporary benefit, to the neglect of
those whose benefits, though ever so great and
decided, are yet remote. The consequence is, a
restless and excited career, terminating early in
national ruin. The remedy is, to be wise in time;
and so to shape, by legislation, the policy of the
country, as that, while the external prosperity of
the individual may be promoted, the best guaran-
tees may be provided for his advancement m intel-
ligence, and his establishment in virtue. If the
history of nations teaches anything at all, it is the
emphatic lesson that Democratic institutions de-
pend for their permanence less upon the intelli-
gence than upon the virtue of the people. Hence
the wisdom of those laws which tend to encourage
such dispositions in the masses, and hence an
argument, not inferior in strength to any, for the
enactment of the homestead.
With the obstacles which, since its first intro-
duction into this House as a distinctive measure,
the homestead has encountered, and the struggles
through which it has passed, we are all familiar.
It is to this body that belongs the honor, which
will perpetually endear them in the hearts of the
people, of the initiative in recognizing, on a basis
the most decided and liberal, of the great principle
of cheap homes.
A word or two as to what I consider will be
the most,important effects of the.measure. One,
the most obvious, and not the least important,
will be, the removal of this subject of the public
lands, which has been so long the fruit of bitter
contention, from the halls of legislation, and the
arena of politics. Let us pass this bill, and we
shall prove that Governments are not essentially
selfish and exacting—treating the masses as sub-
ordinate to their rulers, and consulting much more
the interests of favorites, of classes and corpora-
tions, than the rights of individuals, but that they
are capable of rendering justice to ail. Pass
this bill, and you will strengthen the arm of the
Government,—by creating a community of inter-
est, and thu«s strengthening the ties which bind
together the Government and citizen. Mr. Jeffer-
son, in one of his letters to John Jay, remarked
that " cultivators of the earth are the most valu-
able citizens. They are the most vigorous, the
most independent, the most virtuous, and they
are tied to their country, and wedded to its liberty
and interests, by the most lasting bonds. "
While the form of our Government secures
equality of political rights, this measure will go
far to secure equality of social condition; and we
shall thus witness a reversal of the old system, by
which, instead of exacting contributions from the
citizen, the Government assumes the truly pa-
ternal function of encouraging him by its bounty.
Let us pass this bill, Mr, Speaker, and incalcula-
ble are the benefits which we shall thus confer,
not only upon the present, but unborn genera-
tions. You will thus send rejoicm? into the bosom
of many a, family where, before, the discourage-
ments of life had stifled ambition and effort. You
will carry joy to thousands of firesides, and glad-
den the hearts of myriads throughout thecountry.
Under its benign operation, the unreclaimed wastes
in the great basin of the Mississippi, shall spring
into a beauty and loveliness which shall be truly
worthy of this golden age. There, upon the sea-like
prairies, and far away upon the sources of the/
Yellow Stone, the Columbia, the Arkansas, and
the Colorado, and many a stream which now
" hears no sound save its own dashing"—finder
the shadow of the Stony Mountains and the Sierra
Nevada, the happy settler will, under the provis-
ions of your munificent policy, teach the wilderness
to bud and blossom as the rose. Under the hand
of industry thus wisely fostered and encouraged,
waving fields will enrich the landscape; lowing
herds and the noise of the arts will enliven those
now inaccessible retreats; and still new settlers
will rise up to avail themselves of this provision,
and to bless you as its authors.
Under this provision of the homestead, in con-
nection with that in regard to the Pacific railroad,
which, 1 hope, will be so extended as to reach
the Pacific, and invite to our shores the trade of
Asia, a chain of cities, like that which marked the
course of the India trade in Asia and Europe,
along the shores of the Mediterranean and the
Adriatic, will stud the vast expanse between the
Atlantic and Pacific oceans; and from the sources
of the Saskatchawan, on our northern border,
even unto the Isthmus, will be eventually gemmed
with populous and flourishing communities. Hand
in hqnd these two great measures should penetrate
the wilderness. The forest will then fall before
them, and the fruits of nature, springing from the
seed deposited by the hand of industry, will every-
where burst the sod. Civilization will then pros-
ecute unimpeded her stately march—bearing with
her the virtues, the arts, the graces, and refine-
ments of life.
By passing this bill you extend the market for
manufactures, and press into further requisition
the Briarean hands of commerce. The locomotive
will achieve fresh conquests over time and space,
and the steamboat will continue to find new waters
still unbroken by its revolving paddles, and with
which its tireless strength may contend. Our
mercantile marine, multiplied in countless num-
bers under this genial policy, will groan under
kindly burdens, and whiten all the ocean. The
world will be our tributaries, and our resistless
energies will engage us in a prosperous exchange
with every people upon earth. There is literally
no limit to our prosperity, as I believe, to be im-
mensely promoted by the measure under consid-
eration, if only true to ourselves, and to that
matchless bond of union which holds us together.
Let us by this measure temper, by the thousand
healthful influences springing from agricultural
pursuits, the luxurious excesses to which the
colossal achievements of our commerce and man-
ufactures are tending, and we may rest in con-
fidence, that, under Providence, the restless and
Titanic movements of the age will eventuate in the
welfare of the human race.
With the establishment of this measure, I should
feel that my career as a legislator had not been
fruitless. On the contrary, I should be proud of
the accomplishment of a measure recommended
alike by wisdom, policy, and justice. I should
covet no higher honor than to be remembered in
connexion with legislation like this. I may say
further, in view of resigning, with the close of the
present Congress, my authority into the hands of
my constituents, that I am satisfied that no sub-
ject has, within the period of my membership
here, came under our deliberations which, by its
importance and beneficial character, was in any
degree so well entitled to my labors.
Of that constituency to which I am about volun-
tarily to return, I must be indulged in a few words
in conclusion. I must be allowed to express my
proud sense of the honor which they have done
me in twice making me their Representative upon
this floor, as well as for that good will of which
they have given me the most positive and distin-
guished testimonials. 1 am proud that, upon the
spot which knew my infancy,and which has wit-
nessed my struggles in the battle of life, I have
; been favored by the choice of a substantial, an
j intelligent, an industrious, and eminently vir-
I tuous community, as their Representative in the
| management of publie affairs. I am proud to
j represent here a district, which, in the noble State
i of which it forms a portion, owns inferiority to
