January 9,
At this rate, we not.only add most substantially
to the power and influence of, the Confederacy,
but promise a quick and ample return for every
legislative favor that Congress may think fit to
bestow. I believe, Mr. Chairman, that California
and Oregon are destined to reenact, on a large and
magnificent scale,-the part which Egypt played:
in the history and civilization'of the Old World,
and that San Fi-anciSco is to be the modern A lex-
andria through which the wealth of India is to be
poured into our lap. As the Old" World received
its civilization from Egypt, so will a" new civiliza-
tion, science, and the doctrine of the living God,
be cafried from the western shores of this conti-
nent to reanimate the stagnant races of Japan,
China, and the Indian Archipelago. Commerce
is a greater fertilizer of the human intellect than
war, and a better messenger of th e religion of peace
than the clang of swords or the roar of artillery.
This bill, sir, if it pass this House, will go far
in aiding us to fulfill our great mission, and will do
that (or the advancement of the whole country1
which no other legislative act, involving no greater
appropriation of money, is likely to accomplish
in so short a time. We ask" for nothing that will
not, through us, benefit every other State .in the
Union; no commercial advantages, that shall not
equally promote the trade and traffic of the Atlantic
sea shore, and nothing-that is not absolutely ne-
cessary to preserve that bond of fraternal union
between all the St'ates which is the cause of our
strength, and the talisman of our national pros-
perity. I will not here detain the committee with
elaborate statistics of the comparative commerce
of England and the United States with China and
the East Indies. These have been furnished by
other persons, and may be consulted with advan-
tage by those who wish to obtain accurate inform-
ation on the subject. The reports of the British
House of Commons, and of Congress, furnish all
the required details. I would here observe, how-
ever, that all statistics of the China trade, whether
British orour own, must betaken with a grain of
allowance, as the official returns, in all cases, are
intended to deceive the Chinese Government, and
to conceal rather than reveal the truth to the trad-
ing community. Thus we have been told, in an
official report made to this House, in 1848, that"
the " recognized" imports into China in 1844, oh
British accounts, amountedto nearly §16,000,000,
consisting of woolen goods, cotton fabrics, in-
cluding yarns, and raw cotton from India; and
that,m the same year, there were smuggled into'
China forty thousand chests of opium, valued at
$20,000,000.
Mr. W ARREN. Will the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia state whose report he alludes to ?
Mr. LATHAM. I allude to the report of
Hon. Thomas Butler King, chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, made to this House in
May, 1848. Of course, the latter is mere guess-
work, while the former amount includes only that
portion which was officially stated at the custom
houses. The commercial statistics of a country
are of little or no value when it must be admitted
that the illegitimate, or smuggling trade exceeds
the lawful trade by several millions per annum;
and when the capacity for continuing that trade
can only be estimated by the resources of a com-
paratively unknown Empire. We shall probably
be not far from the truth when we assume'that the
imports of opium into China exceed the regular
imports of dutiable articles by at least one hundred
per cent., and that twenty per cent, of the opium
smuggled into China is on American account.
This has been the opinion of Chinese merchants,
as stated by Gutzlaff and Neuman, (unquestionable
authorities on all subjects connected'with the Chi-
nese Empire,) and the Chinese merchants in the
seaports and the interior are far better informed on
such matters than the Mandarins. The civil war,
too, which has now been raging for several years,
and which may continue for several years longer,
must furnish additional facilities to the opium
smugglers; and if vice and debauchery usually
follow the trail of armies, it is but reasonable tb
suppose that opium eating and smoking are now
rapidly on the increase in every part of China.
The report above quoted gives the imports into
China, on British accounts, as follows:
Woolen and cotton goods $15 929,132
Opium  20,01)0,1)00
Total #35,929,132
Bat sis* the subject" to which" they relate is now
under consideration, I' suggest to the gentleman
fuom Arkansas that perhaps it would now be
better for each oire tcr cut the doctim ms for him'
self, and have theirt bound hereafter.
Mr! STANTON, of Kentucky. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Arkansas, that an
order might be entered" up nfow, authorizing the
CortMrittee oh Printing to have these documents
botfnd'hereafier.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Under the" cfrcum-
Stawi?9v 1'Witl withdraw my motion:
The question was then taken on Mr. Went-
worth's motion; and it was agreed to.
' Tlie-House accordingly rSSolved itself into the
the Committee of the Whole bn the state of Union,
(Mr. Orr in thechair.)
THE"PACIFIC R'AIlRO AD—STEAMSHIPS BE-
TWEEN SAN FRANCISCO AND CHINA.
"FheCHAIRMAN. The business before the
committee is the consideration of the Pacific rail-
road: bill, which has been made the special order
for this dtfy".
Mr. LATHAM! I move that the first reading
of the bill for information be dispensed with.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to strike out the first
section of the bill for the purpose of submitting
some remarks.
I rise, Mr. Chairman, to say a few words upon
aeufejeet of interest, not only to my constituents,
but; I believe, to the whole country, in favor of
the bill establishing a lme.of mail steamships be-
tween San Francisco and Shanghae, in China,
touching at the Sandwich Islands, and at Japan.
I am aware that the State which I have the honor
in part to represent, has been looked upon in the
House,and in the Senate, as a constant applicant
for legislative favors, and a tax upon the United
States Treasury.
California has been represented as swallowing
up a large amount of our national resources; but
the question, how much the wealth and enterprise
of California has added to our national prosperity
and power?—which is essential to a proper appre-
ciation of the subject—is often lost sight of, or
treated merely as incidental to the problem of
finance and statesmanship.
Sir, I do not speak boastfully, when I venture
to assert, that the achievements of California,
though they may seem to be but the work of yes-
terday, mark an epoch in the history of the
world. The settlement of the Pacific coast by
our race, the discovery and exploration of the
precious metals, the rapidly increasing intercom-
munication .between the Eastern and Western
shores of this continent, the opening of Eastern
Asia to our commerce, the emigrant trade from
China, the conclusion of a commercial treaty with
Japan, the gravitation of the Sandwich Islands
toward our Confederacy, and the new life now
springing up in Australia and theOceanic Islands,
mark as distinct an era in the human race, and
must lead to as complete a'revolution in the moral,
rehgrous, and political condition of mankind, as
was produced, four centuries ago, by the discovery
and colonization of this continent. It was the
discovery of America and of the capes, which
transferred the seat of trade from the Mediterra-
nean to the Atlantic States of Europe, swallowed
up the Italian Republics, and gave, first to Spain
and Portugal, and subsequently to Holland and
England, the wealth and power resulting from
navigation and commerce.
The discovery of America not only transferred
poicer from one European State to another, hut
it also changed the relative condition Of the people.
Wealth, which at that time almost entirely con-
sisted of lands, the exclusive possession of which,
by a few nobles, furnished the basis of feudal
tenures and a feudal aristocracy, found an equally
potent factor in the accumulation of the precious
metals, and the vast exchange of products travel-
ing from hand to hand, which' made their owners
independent, rich, and powerful without the pos-
session of i xnds and tenements; diminishing in
the same ratio, the power and influence of the
nobles. It gave birth to a class of wealthy mer-
chants, navigators, and traders to which, subse-
quently, were' added manufacturers and handi-
craftsmen, who soon struggled for, and obtained,
political power;
The so-called " middle classes'-' of Europe owe
their origin almost entirely to the New World,
with which history1, by a single'leap, passed from
feudal aristocracy and slavery to the emancipa-
tion of the laborers. The conquest of India might
have given Europe an oriental caste, still further
subdividing classes; the discovery of America,
and its gigantic colonization, opened to all classes
a field of hardy enterprise; which invigorated
both the old and the new continents; The New
World gave to the Old World, first wealth and
prosperity, then political regeneration, and finally
anew social development; improving the condition
of individuals.
Now, I maintain, Mr. Chairman, that the oc-
cupation and settlement of California by our own
hardy pioneers is destined to have the same influ-
ence on Asia, and all the people bordering on the
broad Pacific, which the discovery and settlement
of the eastern shore of America had on Europe.
It will produce an entire revolution in the com-
merce, trade, and navigation of the East, followed
by a complete change in the moral, religious, and
political condition of the"Asiatics, with whom we
shall exchange ouf products, our wealth, and our
ideas. The changes in Europe have been the
work of some eight or ten generations; but in
view of the astoundingdevelopment of California
within less than a decade; w'e have every reason'
to hope that, with the progress of science'and the
employment of such powerful agents as steam and
electricity, the changes produced in the East will
be'so rapid, and so marked by their consequences,
as to come within the sphere'of our own obser-
vation, and inure to the advantage of the living.
For the first time,in the history of the world, does
a people of European origin—not a handful of
adventurers, but a whole State, embodying a'H the'
arts of civilized life, and partaking of the highest
political organization—wield power on the snores
of the Pacific; for the first time does a great naf ion
trade from shore- to shore on that ocean. The
road to India, which Columbus and his followers
sought when they discovered America, is found.
It crosses our continent; it is ours from ocean to
ocean; subject to ourlaws,and open to our enter-
prise.
Never, in the history of the world, was there_a
greater mission intrusted'to a more youthful a"nd
eftergetic people, combining in so eminent a de-
gree, the patience and endurance- of the agricul-
turist, with the venturesome spirit of the mer-
chant, and the martial datingof the soldier. Unity
of race, language, and organization, give momen-
tum to our will, and effect and consequence to our
acts. In less than a century we have risen from
a handful of colonists to a great independent
nation, taking rank with the proudest on earth;
showing a law of progress and a' series of im-
provements, the ultimate term of which dazzles
the imagination. In this law of progress, in this
series of improvements, we have reached, settled,
and fructified California. We have, with its
treasures, animated the commerce of the world,
stimulated enterprise, and given a fresh impetus
and new direciion to the strearh of European im-
migiation to this country. If the growth of Europe
has astonished'and stupefied Europe, the unpre-
cedented development of the wealth and'magnifi-
cence of California has surprised and dazzled even
the United States.' Accustomed, as we are, to
view", with comparative indifference, the unexam-
pled history of our eastern and western States, we
still lack the standard of comparison to measure the
quickening process of wealth and power exhibited
in our new empire on the Pacific. If it was the
most daring and enterprising Europeans, who
came to settle on our Atlantic shores, those who
now emigrate from the Atlantic to the Pacific sea-
coast are certainly not among the most sluggish of
our own race, or unwilling to assume new obliga-
tions, growing out of a new and healthful condi-
tion of private and public "life. As all Europe con-
tributed to settle our Atlantic borders, so every
State of the Union contributes now its quotum of
intelligence, enterprise, and daring to give vitality
and strength to our splendid domain beyond the
Rocky Mountains, if the old Atlantic Slates of
this glorious Confederacy understand the process
of crowding the events of centuries into the short
space of decades, we, of the extreme west, ad-
vance with the speed of thesun.and fulfill the mis-
sion of a decade within the annual return of the
seasons.
