THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 1855.
New Series....No. 15.
or, in round numbers, $36,000,000. All the ex-
ports from China, exclusive of Sycee silver, fell
short of $18,000,000; balance in favor of England
$18,000,000. Such a trade cannot, in the natural
course of things, continue long, especially as the
freights are all earned by European or American
vessels, and the imports info China are all for
Chinese accounts and for Chinese consumption.
The Chinese Government i?, indeed, reduced to
the alternative, either to allow and encourage the
culture of opium, or to see the country and itself
rapidly reduced to bankruptcy. It has not the
power to prevent smuggling, which is carried on
by armed vessels, the officers and supercargoes of
which distribute both chests of opium and the
Scriptures ; and with the eagerness of the people
to buy the poison, the trade which ruins the
country is sure to make the fortune of the emug-
ler.
Our trade with China is yet in its infancy; we
chiefly export thither cotton goods, which are ac-
knowledged to be of a superior texture and better
quality than the English, raw cotton, lead and
ginseng. In 1845, our whole export to China
amounted to litf!eover$l,300,000, and very nearly
the same amount of specie; while the exports from
China to the United States, amounted, in round
numbers, to $(>,700,000, leaving a large balance
in favor of China. Other statistical accounts, fur-
nished by the British House of Commons, show
an increase in the exports of China to foreign
countries, but also a correspondingincrea.se in the
value of the opium smuggled into it. The bal-
ance of trade against the United States and in
favor of China, had, in 1845, as above stated,
already exceeded $5,300,000.. and this balance
•was settled by bills on London, against shipments
of sprwe.
In 1846 the balance of trade between this coun-
try ami China was, in round numbers, but
$4,000,000 against the United States; while British
imparts from China had fallen off some six mil-
lions, and exports to China $1 1,000,000; probably
occasioned by their diminished capacity to l^uy
either rags or poison. British trade with China
depends on the capacity of the Chinese to pay in
cash for articles they can no longer pay for in
goods or products of their own; while our com-
merce with that country being, as yet, largely in
favor of the Chinese, presents a considerable mar-
gin to be filled by the ingenuity and enterpiisc of
our merchants. Our manufacturers may improve
their fabrics or render them less costly; our ruvi-
gators may reduce the commercial balance against
us by earning freights; we may rcslnp a portion
of oui imports from China to other countues; we
may carry a portion of the British and other foreign
imports into China, and we may discover new
article;! of consumption for the Chinese markets.
It seems to rue, JMr. Chairman, that in all these
respects we are better circumstanced than the
British, and, in saying that, I would indicate that,
our commercial relations with China are capable
of being improved beyond those of any other
country.
In the first place, our own population and pro-
ductions arc increasing at a far more rapid late
than those of England, or any other country.
Our general capacity for increased imports and
expoits must ncocssarily apply, also, to the China
trade, and thus the broadest basis of an improve-
ment i« secured. ♦
Second. We have it in our power, fiom the ad-
vantages of our geographical position, to diminish
the distance between Euiopean and Chinese
markets, to spread quicker and more genera! intel-
ligence among our merchants on the Pacific and
Atlantic coasts, and thereby to anticipate wants,
assimilate tastes, and meet the demands of distant
markets m advance of other nations.
Third. We have it in our power, with the
diminished distances, to reduce the rate of ft eights
between China and America, as well as Europe;
being not only able, as 1 shall endeavor to show
hereafter, to transport goods between these coun-
tries cheaper and quicker than they are now
carried, but able to ship articles which would
15
deteriorate or spoil on long voyages. In this will,
perhaps, consist our greatest advantage; and,
Fourthly. We have a new Species of enterprise—
the passenger trade from China to California, and
from California to China—opened to us, and are
sure to retain it almost exclusively, if our mer-
chants and shippers use the same degree of intelli-
gence and watchfulness on the Pacific that is now
employed to secure that trade on the Atlantic,
between Europe and the United States.
1 now propose, Mr. Chairman, to treat of these
advantages in the order I have named them.
Our population may now be computed at twen-
ty-five millions, and will, at the close of this '
century, reach in the neighborhood of a hundred
millions, without approximating a ratio of den-
sity that could impair either our capacity to im-
port from, or export to, foreign countries.
Alexander Von Humboldt, and other writers on
America, have estimated that the Mississippi val-
ley could comfortably feed and clothe three hun-
dred millions of people; and it is not presuming
too much to allow a hundred millions for each,
the Atlanticand Pacific slopes. The United States,
then, without counting any addition to our terri-
tory, such as will undoubtedly be made in the
course of this and the next century, can support
five hundred millions of people, and m the only
nation on earth whose homogeneous numbers
will, in the course of a brief space of time, ap-
proach and surpass those of the Celestial Empire.
Considei ing, at the same time, that the extent of
our country is as large, our climate as varied, and
our productions as diversified, us those of China,
we have at once the largest basis of our increasing
trade, and the greatest field of operation between
mind and mind that was ever afforded to two such
extensive branches of the human family. On one
side is the oldest civilization on earth, immutable
customs and usages established through the ex-
tent of age:;; a veiy high, though stationary degree
of industry, and great fondness of commercial
pursuits, limited, however, by imperfect naviga-
tion, timid sailors, and a decided inferiority in
ship-buildmg.
On the other (our) side of the Pacific is a com-
paratively new but energetic people, coupling the
strength and elasticity of youth with the gravity
and experience of past ages; customs and habits
everlastingly changing great, mobility, actuality,
and adaptation to the greatest variety of human
pursuits, unceasing activity of mind, unconquer-
able industry, great fondness of commercial enter-
prise, love of the ocean as a native element, and a
nautical skill, which is already stretching out its
hand to grasp the trident of Britain. Can we
i doubt on which Hide the commercial balance will
finally incline? It? it possible for any present
sytttem of statistics to comprise all the elements
of computation—ail the elements of combination
and permutation of which an intercourse with
China—in other words, our trade with half the
jj population of this globe—is susceptible5 I believe
j! nor. As yet, we export nothing to China but
ij cotton fabiic^, (principally cloth and shirting,)
jj raw cotton, lead, and ginseng; but who shall say
j| that our exports to China t-hall always be limited
'! to the^e articles, or to the contraband trade in
j opium ? Lam aware that it is not an easy matter
;j to manufacture goods for China. Not only have
the Chinese themselves attained a very high
i! degree of perfection in all fabrics of a fibrous tex-
■i ture, but wages in China are so low, living so
! cheap, and the laboringclassesso frugal and simple
in their habits, that the only way to compete with
!j them is by machineiy. It is by machinery that
: the British manufacturers have been enabled to
:j undersell the fabrics of Benares, even in India,
and that they are now able to sell their inferior
ji woolens even to China. Our manufactures are
,j not inferior in genius and enterprise to the Eng-
jj hsh, and therein no species of handicraft, however
poorly remunerated, that can run a long race with
the labor of machines.
j! A far greater obstacle to our trade with China,
; i is the tenacity with which the Chinese, and, more
l! or less, all Eastern people, cling to their estab-
lished customs and usages. There is no such
thing as "fashion" in China; it being an act of
piety in a Chinaman to eat,drink, dress, ride,and
walk like his ancestors. Nothing in China grows
old, or out of date, and there is, consequently, no
scope for innovation. If a Chinese artizan, buried
some thousand years ago, were suddenly, resus-
citated, and placed in possession of the tools with
which he was accustomed to work, he could in-
stantly apply himself again to his trade and find
the same kind of customers. Still, it remains to
be seen whether m close contact with us, and with
Europeans, they will be able to continue these
habits, which, with them, partake of thesubstance
of religion. Change their religion, or rather their
idolatry, and you will change their habits. The
Chinese have always been the most civilized peo-
ple of Asia, and overrun only by Tartars, were
the more disposed to adhere to their old rules of
life, their customs and manners, as their conquerors
; themselves adopted them from reason^ of states-
! manship. But the very fact, that the Chinese do
j not change their fashions as we do, renders it
! more easy for us to manufacture for them by
- machinery. American fabrics would competemuch
! more successfully with European, were it not that
i Paris and London set the fashions, and that the
I European manufacturer is thereby sure of being
i first in market. When our machines, as has, for
! instance, been the case in the article of mousseline
| de kine, are ready to enter into competition with
j them, the fashion is changed, and the manufac-
ture of the article no longer remunerative. If, in
' legard to fashion, we were to take a little after
the Chinese, it would do our New .England, New
: Yoik, Pennsylvania and Georgia manufactures no
harm, and keep a larger portion of our California
1 gold production at home to serve as capital for
new enterprise.
If, then, we wish to manufacture for China, we
must not expert to succeed with mere imitation of
i European articles. It will be a long time before
Chinamen will be induced to wear swallow tailed
coats, tight pants, or patent leather boots. Ilenca
i we must study their tastes, manners and customs,
; and adapt our fabrics to them. This is the way
i England does now, and this is the waytheMUni-
I \ersal Yankee Nation, " will do, whenever their
; love of enterprise shall be stimulated by a reason-
I able prospect of success. I have no fear that the
[ Chinese will ever manufacture by machinery.
I Their dexterity is wholly confined to manual
i labor, and almost entirely excludes the idea of
| progress. In a country so thickly settled, that
j the people will not allow horses and oxen to do
| a part of their physical labor, it is not likely ma-
: chinc3 will be tolerated to compete with the wages
; of labor. Besides, as 1 have already remarked,
' the Chinese are a nation of empirics, who invaria-
, bly fail in theapplicauon of a principle. They can-
; not generalize. They reduce nothing to a system;
and being neither synthetic, nor analytical rea-
j soners, lack the method by which discoveries and
; inventions are multiplied, and rendered useful to
i man. In contact with our reasoning, "calcula-
\ ting," cipheiing Yankees, I have no fear but that
I they will be made to feel their inferiority, and, as
1 is usual in such cases, pay for it.
| I come now to the geographical advantages pos-
i sessed by the United States over all other nations
; trading with China. These are manifold; but I
i shall content myself here with those which result
| especially from our position. Weapproach Japan
I and the eastern coast of Asia from the Pacific
: coast, without doubling the Capes; as soon, there-
! fore, as a direct line of communication shall be
i established between our Atlantic and Pacific eea-
; coast, we will avoid not only the casualties and
| dangers attending the circumnavigation either of
i Cape Horn or the Cape of Good Hope, but save
! time and expense, and prevent the deterioration
; of such articles of freight as are likely to be affected
| by a passage through the tropica. IHlour and
I provisions are ever to be shipped to China, it will
; only be from our Pacific coast, and not on a long
i voyage from our Atlantic sea-ports round the
i Capes, where their quality would be impaired in
