220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January 9,
passing through the equatorial region. And as to
the capacity of our Pacific possessions to produce
breadstuffss, suffice it to say that the State of Cal-
ifornia alone has this year not only produced
wheat enough to supply the wants of her whole
population, but is actually shipping it to the New
York market; to gay nothing of Oregon or Wash-
ington Territories, as great wheat countries as
there are Upon the.earth.
The sailing route from any of our large Atlantic
ports to China, either round the Cape of Good
Hope or the Horn, is from eighteen to twenty
thousand miles. By the Panama route, the dis-
tance to Shanghae, via Aspinwall, Panama, and
San Francisco, is only about eleven thousand
miles; a saving, therefore, of from seven to nine
thousand miles, or of fourteen or eighteen thou-
sand miles, respectively, counting both the out-
ward and the homeward passages. By the Nica-
ragua route, this distance is still further shortened,
and by the Tehuantepec route, it will be again
considerably reduced. It is believed that the trip
from New Orleans to San Francisco, bytheTehu-
an tepee route, can be performed easily in fourteen
days, (perhaps in twelve days, if required;) and
from twenty to twenty-five days would suffice for
the trip of one of our large steamers from San Fran-
cisco to Shanghae. Add four and one half days
for the distance from New York to New Orleans,
(it will soon be performed in four days and a half,)
and we shall have the whole distance from New
York to Canton performed in forty-five days.
Adding further ten days for the passage from New
York to Liverpool, and thence another day to
London, we shall have fifty-six days for the time
a letter would be on the way from Canton or Hong
Kong, by the American route, to the capital of
England.
The overland mail from China to London, is
generally sixty-five days on the way; so that, by
the American steam route, which it is intended to
establish, or rkther complete, by the provisions
of this bill, there would be a saving from a week
to ten days over the English overland route, from
Canton to London. But who does not know the
value of early commercial intelligence, to doubt
whether Englishmen would avail themselves of
our American route to China, if it were certain
that by it they would be furnished with the earliest
news ? As the case now stands, our merchants
on the Atlantic coast obtain their information of
China from England. The British East India
merchant, therefore, is in possession of all the re-
quired commercial information from ten to twelve
days sooner than our merchants in New York—a
circumstance which will always enable the British
East India merchant to avail himself of the first
opportunities furnished by a favorable market.
When commercial information shall be forwarded
over the American route, we shall have the first
news, and our merchants will be able to improve
the first favorable turn in the market. We shall
have news from China to New York in forty-five
days, while the English, if persisting in the over-
land route, must be content to have it in sixty-five
days. Who does not see that the quickness with
which commercial intelligence will be conveyed,
Will serve to multiply commercial transactions,
and to diminish the risks attending them ?
In this calculation, I have only considered the
mail route contemplated to be established by this
bill, and the routes already established and in
operation; but what if the projected Pacific rail-
road be completed, and the distance from San
Francisco to New York accomplished in six days ?
What, if the subterraneous telegraph line, a bill
for which has already passed the other House,
be completed, and messages from San Francisco
to New York, and from New York or any other
town on the Atlantic to San Francisco, be sent
in two day's ? Commercial intelligence will then
be conveyed from China to New York in twenty
two days, and to London in thirty-two days, or
little less than half the time now required by the
overland mail from India. The wants of the
Chinese people, the state of their markets, the
crops, the demand for foreign goods, in short,
every thing that can affect commercial transac-
tions with that distant country, will be known in
so short a period, that no time will be lost in
adapting trade and enterprise to the changes that
may have taken place; and where one or two
ship ments are now made in the course of a year,
under circumstances of no ordinary risk, three
or four will then be made with comparative
safety.
It is, therefore, but reasonable to say that the
new line of mail steamships, asproposed, will find
abundance of employment, not only by our own
merchants, but those of Europe, and that it will
form the most important and remunerative con-
nection between the Eastern shores of the old
Continent and the Western world. In the absence
of large and expensive fleets, the regular visits of
our mail* steamships to the islands of the Pacific,
and to Japan, as well as to the ports of China,
themselves, will serve as a protection to our com-
merce, and lend a certain prestige to our navigators
and hardy whalers in those seas. Our Govern-
ment has been reproached, by foreigners, with not
keeping a sufficient naval force in the Indian Arch-
ipelago and the Chinese seas, to protect our mer-
chantmen, and it has been tauntingly asserted,
that but for the British men of war, which act as
high constables of those seas, scouring it of pirates,
our commerce, in those waters, would be entirely
annihilated. When our mail steamships shall reg-
ularly visit the coasts of China and Japan, touch-
ing at the Sandwich Islands, spreading intelligence
in every direction, and increasing wealth by legit-
imate means, civilization and Christianity will
spread so rapidly, and extend their humanizing
influence so far and wide that the maintenance of
an armed force, for the protection of commerce,
will be as unnecessary in those waters, as it is on
the coast of Europe.
Our advantageous geographical position, as re-
gards the Asiatic mail service, equally applies to
freights. Freights are the great drawback to com-
merce; hence, whatever diminishes freights—that
is, whatever renders the expense and time of car-
rying goods less—adds to the profits of commerce,
and, to that extent, increases and extends it. I
have already shown that the distance from Can-
ton to London, by the way of San Francisco and
New York, is scarcely more than one half of that
around the Capes; still, against that we have to put
the loading and unloading on our Pacific and At-
lantic coasts, when we speak of freights. These
processes involve great expense and some loss of
time; and, in a considerable measure, counterbal-
ance the advantages resulting from the shorter
distance. Still, there are goods, not of a bulky
nature, which are easily unloaded, and shipped
again, and these would, no doubt, at once take the
shorter route. Bulky articles would, probably,
continue to be shipped from China and India,
directly for their final ports of destination in
Europe, until a ship canal is built across the Isth-
mus of Darien, or, until the greater speed of the
Pacific railroad would weigh still more heavily in
the balance of time, and saving of interest, against
the cost of loading and unloading.
These considerations, however, apply only to the
carrying trade between China and England, and
not to the trade of our own merchants for dis-
tribution at home, or to the shipments of assorted
cargoes. Let us have the mail service first, and
thereby the requisite means of intelligence, and
we may safely leave the rest to the genius and
enterprise of our merchants. It is the exchanges
of our own products fur those of Japan and China,
that we must look to, as the principal feeder of our
commerce with the East; and these—as I have
already observed—from the extent of our country,
and the great variety of our own soil and climate,
are so diversified as to furnish a substantial basis
for a more extensive trade between two countries
of the most gigantic dimensions, and almost in-
finite resources.
It remains for me to speak of another interest-
ing relation that has grown out of our settlement
on the Pacific coast, and the wealth and civiliza-
tion to which these have given rise, within the last
few years. Already a stream of emigration is set-
ting toward California, from the Celestial Empire,
and although that stream, after the immigrants
have enriched themselves, is, in part, at least,
flowing back to China,yet while it lasts.it affords
the basis of a passenger and emigrant trade, the
influence of which, on our commercial relations,
is not yet sufficiently appreciated. The command
of the ocean always belonged to the most com-
mercial nation, and the greatest number of ships
were always owned by that people who enjoyed
the carrying trade in the bulkiest articles. Bulky
articles make freights and employ ships and
sailors; hence the nation which exports bulky
articles of,its own growth, has a Very decided ad-
vantage over those %vhose exchangeable products
occupy less space, and consequently employ less
tonnage. We are, in this respect, most remarkably
blessed by Providence; for our staple articles of
export are all bulky, and furnish large employ-
ment to our shippers. Cotton, our most valuable
article of export, is, perhaps, the bulkiest article
known to commerce; next come flour, grain, pro-
visions, potash, tar, turpentine, &c. These form
the basis of a very large carrying trade, and secure
to our shippers an outward freight. The exports
of England and France are of a less bulky nature,
and consist chiefly of manufactured articles. W ith
the exception of wines and brandies from France,
and hardware and crockery from England, almost
all other articles of export from those countries,
though of much value, occupy less volume, and
therefore, make less freight. A single French
ship laden with silks, lace, shawls, or other costly
articles of toilet, may carry the return cargo for a
dozen separate importations, in the shape of bread-
stuffs, provisions, lard, hides, &c., on all which
freights have been earned, and ships and sailors
furnished with employment. It is the nature of
the exports from France, which, more than the
geographical position of that country, or the want
of enterprise, prevents her from becoming a great
maritime nation. A cargo of British woolens,
worsted, silk, or mixed, nay, even of her ordinary
cotton goods, is far more valuable and less bulky,
than the raw materials which make freights for
England, and occupies, therefore, less shipping,
and fewer hands on shipboard. Our exports of
raw cotton alone furnish , probably, more employ-
ment to shippers than the whole imports into the
United States from England.
It is clear, then, that our exports, in regard to
bulk, exceed by far our imports, and that, conse-
quently, if our trade were entirely confined to
merchandise, many of our ships would be obliged
to come home with but half a freight or in ballast.
Still, having an outward freight secured, they
could successfully compete with the ships of other
nations, few of which would have either a full out-
ward or homeward freight secured. But, of late,
another species of trade has sprung up, adding
largely to the remunerative profits of our mer-
chants and ship-owners. It is the passenger and
immigrant trade, which furnishes valuable home
freights to all our ships bound for the coast of Eng-
land, Ireland, or ScotlSnd, the ports of the North
Sea, Sweden, and Denmark, the Baltic, and the
coast of France. It is precisely those countries
which consume our great staples and pay the out-
ward freight of our shippers, while the people of
those countries themselves constitute the home-
ward cargo and make up a full freight.
It is the passenger trade which, in late years,
has added so much to our shipping, and given such
ascendency to our commercial marine, and I main-
tain that what the passenger trade has done for our
trans-Atlantic commerce, it will also do for our
commerce in the Pacific. Let a regular monthly
or semi-monthly line of communication be estab-
lished between San Francisco and the ports of
China and Japan, and a valuable trade of that
nature will spring up, in regard to which we need
not apprehend any competition. Instead, as is
now the case, carrying principally Chinese adven-
turers, indigent laborers, and vicions persons,
between Shanghae or Canton, to California, Chi-
nese gentlemen, wealthy merchants, and men of
leisure, might visit our country and, perhaps,
invest fortunes in our enterprises.
Mr. FARLEY. Has not the supreme court of
California decided that the Chinese cannot be wit-
nesses ?
Mr. LATHAM. Ithas decided thisonly: that,
under the laws of California, they cannot be wit-
nesses against a while person, inasmuch as they
come within the provision which excludes In-
dians—a " person who shall have one half of
Indian blood shall be deemed an Indian "—from
testifying in criminal eases against a white person.
I will state further—as I see the drift of the
gentleman's question—that the class of Chinese in
California are generally of the lowest order, being
sent there frequently by foreign capitalists as
coolies, who receive the products of their labor.
This class are from the scum of the Chinese pop-
ulation,and cannotbe considered a valuable acqui-
sition to any community. Their political rights
present serious questions, which, I know, have
