228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
am, therefore, requested, in the letter, to introduce
a bill to effect tjmt object, separate and distinct
from any other bill. 1 give notice that I shall do
bo, to-morrow morning, or at some early day.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. PEAECE, it was
Ordered, That Rebecca P. Stansbury, one of the children
of Thomas Peters, deceased, have leave to withdraw her
petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of J. B. Walbach, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the heirs of William
Flannigan and William Parsons, on the files of the Senate,
be referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. FISH, it was
Ordered., That Stephen Livingston have leave to witlu
draw his petition and papers.
* st. Joseph's orphan asylum.
Mr. SHIELDS. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, a few days
ago reported, with amendments, a bill " to incor-
porate the St. Joseph's Male Orphan Asylum in
the District of Columbia;" but its immediate pas-
sage was then arrested, at my request, in order to
enable me to examine the amendments. I prom-
ised that gentleman that if,.upon examination, I
should find 110 objection to the bill as amended—
for the amendments of the committee were then
adopted—I would call it up myself, or would per-
mit him to do so. Thegentleman to whom 1 refer
is the honorable Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Norris,] who is in such a condition that he
is unable to be here. As that is the case, I hope
the Senate will agree to consider the bill now.
Only one slight amendment, which has been
agreed on by the honorable Senator and myself,
is necessary. I move that the bill be taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. By an oversight the word
" stockholder " has been used instead of "trus-
tees," in the fourth section of the amended bill—
the section in (elation to individual liability. I
move to strike out "stockholders," and insert
" trustees."
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole were
concurred in. The bill, as amended, was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was read a
third time, and passed.
reports from standing committees.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Alexander P. Barnard, pilot of the United States
steamer Michigan, praying to be allowed pay for
■the whole year, instead of for the time actually
employed, submitted an adverse report thereon;
which was agreed to immediately, as he suggested
that such reports should be disposed of at once,
instead of being allowed to encumber the Calendar
by remaining unacted on.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Justin Spauldmg,
asking pay for his services as chaplain on board
the ship independence, submitted an adverse re-
port thereon; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Zeha M. Crosby,
praying an extension of the pension allowed her,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Pensions; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of J. S. Gregory and
others, clerks in the navy-yard at Boston, pray-
ing to be placed on an equal footing, as regards
their salaries, with the clerks of the navy-yard
at Washington, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
_ Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom were referred the follow-
ing bills from the House of Representatives, sev-
erally reported them back with an amendment,
striking out the interest allowed in each case:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Larkin
Smith; and
A bill for the relief of Daniel Bedinger's heirs.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a bill
to incorporate the Friends' Aid Society of the
District of Columbia, reported it back with an
amendment in the form of a substitute. He said
he should ask for its immediate consideration, but
that he feared it would lead to discussion, and
thus interfere with the morning hour.
thomas marston taylor.
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the amendment of
the House of Representatives to the bill of the
Senate, for the relief of Thomas Marston Taylor,
reported a resolution that the Senate do not concur
in the amendment of the House, and asked for a
committeeof conference thereon; which was agreed
to.
In accordance therewith, Messrs. Fish, Gwin,
and Shields, were appointed by the President
pro tempore the committee on. the part of the
Senate.
charles j. porcher.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, to report back, without
amendment, House bill "forthebenefitof Charles
J. Porcher, acting purser of the sloop-of-war Fal-
mouth," and recommend its passage. Inasmuch
as this bill has already passed the House, and is
one of undoubted merit, 1 ask for its immediate
consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill.
It is designed to authorize the proper account-
ing officer to pay to Charles J. Porcher the amount
properly payable to a purser of the rank assigned
to a sloop-of-war, for his services as aetingpurser
of the United States sloop-of-war Falmouth wliilst
on service i-i the Pacific ocean, fiom the date of
the death of purser William B. Hartwell, until
the appointment of John Y. Mason, jr., in his
stead, to wit: from July 19, 1848, to March 14,
1850, deducting therefrom the amount paid to him
for the same period as commander's clerk.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a"
third time, and passed.
THOMAS WISH ART.
Mr. EVANS. The Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims have authorized me to report back,
with an amendment, House bill "for the relief
of the administrator of Thomas Wishart," and
recommend its passage.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask that, by general con-
sent, the bill be now considered.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to direct the payment to the
legal representative of Thomas Wishart, a lieu-
tenant in the Continental army during the revo-
lutionary war, of five years' full pay of a lieuten-
ant of infantry, with interest thereon from January,
13, 1834, when the first favorable report was
made on the claim.
Mr. EVANS. The amendment of the com-
mittee is to strike out that part of the bill which
allows interest, it being contrary to the practice
which has heretofore prevailed.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended; the amendment
was concurred in, and ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill, as
amended, was read a third time, and passed.
notice op a bill.
Mr. FISH gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to provide for the con-
struction of a suitable building for a custom-
house, post office, and court-house, at Plattsburg,
New York.
bills introduced.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, in pursuance of
previous notice, asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a bill for the relief of Ephraim Shaler,
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ATCHISON asked and obtained the
unanimous consent of the Senate, to introduce a
joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
interior to approve the accounts of the marshal of
the district of Missouri, for furniture provided for
the tise of the circuit court of the United States
for said district, at the April term of said court,
held at St. Louis, in the year 1854; ivhich was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
religious liberty abroad.
Mr. CASS. I gave notice some time ago that
I should ask" the Senate, at an early .day, to take
up the resolutions reported by Mr. Underwood,
of Kentucky, on the subject of religious freedom
for American citizens residing or traveling abroad.
I now present those resolutions for adoption by
the Senate. I do not ask that the question be
taken on them at this time. My only object ia
to have the Senate appoint a day for their consid-
eration. 1 further ask the Senate to assign the
first Monday in February for the consideration of
the resolutions. I am willing to agree to post-
pone them to that day, at the suggestion of some
members of the Senate who are desirous of having
time to look into the matter, and express their
views in relation to it. I present the resolutions,
and ask that they may be made the special order
for the first Monday in February.
The resolutions are as follows:
Rescued, Ti^at it woukl be just and wise on the part of
the Government of the United States, in future treaties
with foreign nations, to secure, if practicable, to our citi-
zens residing abroad the right of worshipping God.freely
and openly, according to the dictates of their own con-
sciences, by providing that they shall not be disturbed,
molested, or annoyed in any manner, on account of their
religious belief, nor in the proper e.verci&e of Uieir peculiar
religion, either within their own private houses, or in
chujches, chapels, or other places appointed for public
worship; and that they shall be at liberty to build and
maintain places of worship in convenient situations, inter-
fering in no way with, but respecting the religion and cus-
toms of the country in which they reside.
Resolved further, That it would be just and wise in our
future treaties with foreign nations, to secure to our citi-
zens residing abroad the right to purchase and own burial
places, and to bury any of our citizens dying abroad in such
piaccs, with those religious ceiemonies and observances
deemed appropriate by the surviving relatives and friends
of the deceased.
The motion of Mr. Cass was agreed to, and the
further consideration of the resolutions was post-
poned until Monday, February 5, and made the
special order for that day.
susan coody and others.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the amendment in
the House of Representatives to the biil of the
Senate for the relief of Susan Coody and others,
have instructed me to report it back with a recom-
mendation that the amendment be concurred in.
i It does not vary the provisions of the bill, and I
hope the Senate will now agree to it.
The amendment of the House, which was to
add at the end of the bill, " Provided, That the
same shall be received in full of all demands
against the Government on this account," was
concurred in.
engraving and lithographing op maps
and charts.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report a joint resolution
" providing for the engraving, lithographing, and
publishing of drawings, maps, charts, and other
papers of Congress."
The joint resolution was read a first time, and
ordered to a second reading.
It proposes to direct that hereafter when any
maps, charts, diagrams, or other engravings, shall
be required to illustrate any document ordered to
be printed by either House of Congress, it shall
first be submitted to the Committee on Printing of
that House ordering the printing of the document,
and if they shall decide that such engravings are
necessary for the proper understanding of the
document, they shall so report to the House
ordering it, and then shall direct the Superintend-
ent of Public Printing, under their supervision,
and in such manner as they shall direct, to con-
tract for the engravings at such time as the public
interests may require. It also proposes that the
paper necessary for the execution of engravings
shall be obtained in the same manner and under
the same regulations as other paper for public
printing under existing laws.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 ask the Senate to act on
this joint resolution now. It meets with the ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Senate, to whom
this business has been heretofore confided; and
also of the Committee on Contingent Expenses.
I hope there will be no dbjection to it.
