1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
Mr. BADGER. I think that joint resolution
had better lie over for a day, that we may look
into it. This is a delicate subject, and should be
carefully dealt with.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made, the
-joint resolution cannot have its second reading
to-day.
RELIEF TO DR. KANE.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom were referred memorials from
the Chamber of Commerce of New York; from
James Brown and others, of New York; from the
Board of Trade of Philadelphia; from the Board
of Trade of Boston; from the Life-Saving Benev-
olent Association of New York; from the Marine
Insurance Companies of New York; from the
American Philosophical Society of Philadelphia,
and others, asking Congress to extend relief to
Passed Assistant Surgeon Kane, have instructed
me to report a joint resolution " respecting the
Arctic expedition commanded by Passed Assist-
ant Surgeon E. K. Kane."
The joint resolution was read a first time and
ordered to a second reading. It proposes to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Navy to dispatch a
suitable naval or other steamer, and, if necessary,
a tender, to the Arctic seas, for the purpose of res-
cuing or affording relief to Passed Assistant Sur-
geon E. K.Kane, of the United States Navy, and
the officers and men under his command. So
much money as may be deemed necessary for
that purpose, by the Secretary, is proposed to be
appropriated. The steamer and tender are to be
officered and manned by volunteers from the
Navy, and others who may declare their willing-
ness to be so engaged:
Mr. BRODHEAD. In view of the fact that,
if we pass any resolution or act upon the subject
at all, it should be speedily passed in order to be
effective, I hope there will be no objection to the
present consideration and adoption of the joint
resolution recommended by the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. BADGER. I suggest to.my friend from
Pennsylvania, that he had better, perhaps, allow
hat resolution to stand for a day or two. There
is no pressing necessity for acting on it now.
The PR ESI DENT. 11 will lieover if objected to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask for its immediate
consideration, because there is a pressing neces-
sity. If we are to send out any expedition, naval
or otherwise, to be effective and afford relief, it
should go eaily in the spring; but if we wait until
the appropriation bills pass, I fear it will be too
late. Still, if the Senator from North Caiolma
objects, of course the resolution must go over.
Mr. BADGER.. [ beg my friend from Penn-
sylvania to understand me. I did not propose at
all that this resolution should lie over until the
appropriation bills should be disposed of, because
I well know that would be an ungenerous rnotle
of procedure towards him, towards the resolution,
and towards the meritorious person in whose favor
the resolution is offered; but I think it will strike
every gentleman that there would be a little pre-
cipitation in passing a resolution of this kind at
once through the Senate. You will recollect, sir,
that the persons engaged in this highly honorable
expedition, in whose behalf it is now proposed to
send another expedition, left the country in pur-
suit of Sir John Franklin. It is a very serious
question, 1 think, whether we should engage in a
succession of these expeditions, each new one to
look after the one preceding it. It may be right,
but I think we ought to reflect on it for a day or
two. That is all I propose. I am willing to give
my friend the earliest opportunity to call it up.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made to
its present consideration, the joint resolution can-
not now be acted on. It must go over.
JOHN II. STONE.
On motion by Mr. COOPER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
House bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Colonel John H. Stone.
It proposes to require the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to the legal representatives of
Colonel John H. Stone, the half-pay of a colonel
in the Continental line of the army of the United
States, to commence August 1, 1779, and to term-
inate October 5, 1804, the day of his death; it
being then due and unpaid to him, in virtue of the
resolution of Congress of August 26,1776, which
engaged to allow half-pay for life to such officers
and soldiers as should lose a limb in any engage-
ment, or be so disabled in the service of the United
States as to render them incapable afterwards of
getting a livelihood.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, perhaps it is
right that 1 should briefly state the facts of the case.
Mr. Stone was commissioned, as a captain, in
January, 177G; in February, be was promoted to
the rank of colonel, and served from that time until
the first day of August, 1779. However, at the
battle of Germantown he' received several severe
wounds—one a wound in the leg, by which he
became lame for life, and another wound in the
abdomen, which also disabled him. He was
disabled during the whole of his lite. In 1803 he
applied, under a resolution of Congress, to the
Secretary of War, for relief. The Secretary of
War proposed to allow him a proportion of the
amount to which he was entitled. He declined
to receive it, and determined, as he informed the
Secretary of War at the time, to appeal to the
next Congress; but, before the next Congress met,
he died. This claim has been presented from
time to time, and has been passed on several occa-
sions, by one House or the other, several reports
having been made in its favor, and one or two
adverse reports. The claim is undoubtedly a good
one. It falls within the resolution of Congress
of the 26th of August, 177G, which provided that,
when a limb of any officer or soldier should be
lost in the service of the United States, or when
they should become otherwise disabled from per-
forming the business by which a livelihood might
be obtained, they should receive the amount which
is provided for in this bill. That provision reads
as follows:
"That every commissioned officer, non-commissioned
officer, and private poldtt'r, who shall lose a limb in any
ennn^nieut, or bo so disabled m tho service of the United
Stales as to render him incapable of alteuvards getting a
livelihood, t-hail iccovtj, dining his hfi-tiino or (lit* contin-
uance of sin li disability, the one half of his monthly pay
fioin and after the tune that Ins pay as an officer or soldier
ceascs."
That is precisely what is provided for here.
From the day Colonel Stone resigned his com-
mission, on the 1st of August, 1779, to the period
of lus death in October, 1£04, the bill provides
that he shall receive half-pny. The committee
have unanimously reported the bill, and it is cer-
tainly one of the most meritorious cases which
has come before Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
EXTENSION OF THE BOUNTY LAND LAWS.
Mr. BUTLER, i ask the Senate now to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the order of the day,
the bill to modify and amend the judicial system
of the United States.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Before we take up that
bill, 1 should like to inquire of my friend from
Michigan whether he has yet received from the
Departments the information which will enable
him to consent to the consideration of the bounty
land bill, as soon as this bill shall be disposed of?
Mr. SI'UART. In reply to the Senator from
Pennsylvania, I will remark that I have given
that subject my constant attention. I waited
upon the officers last evening, and they assured
me that in the course of a day or two they would
be ready to furnish me with the information I
desire. They have the matter now in hand.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
The motion of Mr. Butler was agreed to; and
the Senate accordingly, as in Committee of the
Whole, resumed the consideration of the bill to
modify and amend the judicial system of the
United States.
When the bill was under consideration on the
5th instant, Mr. Douglas moved to strike out all
after the enacting clause and insert a substitute,
which was published in the proceedings of that
day. As, according to parliamentary usage, the
original bill may be perfected before taking the
question on the substitute, Mr. Geyer moved to
strike out the first section of the bill, which is in
these words:
" That from and after the passage of this act, the Justices
of the Supreme Court of the United States shall not, as
Jieretofoie, be required to perform circuit duly, but they
shall continue to have and exercise the same jurisdiction
and powers now vested m them by law, witbin any of the
circuits in vvlucii they may respectively reside, m allowing
writs of habeas corpus, and writs of error, granting injunc-
tions, and doing all other acts which may be done at cham-
bers and out of term.5>
Yesterday, Mr. Chase moved to amend tbe sec-
tion proposed to be stricken oat, by adding to it
the following:
" And no vacancy occurring in the office of an associate
Justice of the Supreme Court, shall be filled by a new ap-
pointment until the number of members of the court shall
be reduced to six ; and the Supreme Court shall therealter
consist of a Chief Justice and five associate justices."
The pending question is on this amendment.
Mr. TOUCEY. I shall vote against the pro-
posed amendment of the Senator from Ohio. I
am not willing now to enact any legislation of
that kind, by this bill. Theaimof the committee
has been, to present a bill to the Senate which
should apply to one great evil which is felt, and
to leave out of the bill, all those questions which
can with propriety and with advantage be dis-
posed of afterwards. In framing this bill, the
object was to innovate as little as possible; to take
things as they are; to apply a remedy to the great
evil which exists, and is, I believe, universally
felt; and not to incumber this measure with any
of these collateral questions. I shall, therefore,
vote against this amendment, without committing
myself as to any future action, with regard to the
number of the Judges on the Supreme Court
bench.
Mr. BAYARD addressed the Senate in support
of the bill presented by the Committee on the
Judiciary, and in opposition to the proposed
amendment. His remarks, withheld for revision,
will appear m the Appendix.
Mr. STUART. I suppose at this hour of the
day we shall hardly proceed to a vote, and as
there is a necessity for a short Executive session,
I move to postpone the further consideration of
this bill until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that they had passed the bill of the
Senate for the relief of C. E. Greneaux, without
amendment.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bill, which there-
upon received the signature of the President pro
tempore:
A bill to continue in force, for a limited time,
the pro\isions of the act of Congress of the 3d of
March, 1851, and the second section of its supple-
ment of the 18th of January , 1854, so as to enable
the board of land commissioners in California to
close their adjudications of private land titles in
that State, and for other purposes.
GIBBONS AND KELLY.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con=
sent, and agreed to:
Required, That Ih'; Secretary of the Tieapury furnish
the Senary with ail the on^ina! papers, includingthe report
of the commissioner of customs, in relation to the claim
of Gibbon and Kelly, the contractors for buildii-g light-
houses m Oiejjon and California, for the balance which
they stale is duo ilieni; and that he also report to tile Sen-
ate the amount he has paid said contractors out of tlio
appropriation of $r>9, !34, made at the last session of Con-
gross, to paysrxid claim, and how much of the said appro-
priation remains unexpended.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. STUART, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 10, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Wii.liam H. Milbdrn".
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER presented to the House a com-
munication from Hon. Elisha Whittlesey, Comp-
troller of the Treasury, transmitting, in conformity
with law, a statement of the accounts which have
remained unsettled more than three years prior to
the 1st of July last, on the books of the Second,
Third, and Fourth Auditors of the Treasury, and
on the books of the Kegister of the Treasury.
