1853,
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
m
the old States and the new, to the Territories; and
if it has, whether the gentleman's argument does
not apply with equal force against the policy
which has been pursued with regard to the new
States and Territories?.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Speaker, the policy of which
the gentleman speaks is of very modern origin,
not more than five or six years old. If I mistake
not, the first time the Government undertook to
hold out inducements for settlers to emigrate to
the Territories was by the law passed in 1859 for
the benefit of the Territory of Oregon; and the
gentleman knows as well as I do, the reason why
that clause was inserted in the bill. It was a Ter-
ritory very remote from ua, and it was not at all
certain that we should net be involved in difficulties
with reference to it. The journey thither was a
long and hazardous one, and the Government
agreed to give the settlers three hundred and twenty
acres each, not "so much for the purpose of ab-
stracting the population of the old States, as with a
view of peopling this Territory for its own defence.
I say, therefore, that this is altogether a modern
policy. You cannot go further back in the organ-
ization of om Territories and find this policy in-
grafted.
Mr. DAWSON. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
It is a policy which is as old as the Government
itself. Grants of land, on a large and munificent
scale, with a view to settlement, have been almost
coeval with the discovery of America. It was
the policy of Mr. Jefferson, in proposing the set-
tlement of abortion of the Louisiana purchase west
of the Mississippi. It was the policy suggested
by the law of 1791, by which grants of land were
made to settlers at Vincennes. it was the policy
of the law of 1792, making grants of land to the
Ohio company for actual settlers. It was the policy
in the law of 1795, making similar grants of land
to the. settlers at Gallipolis. Ithas been the policy
of the Government almost from its earliest founda-
tion down to the present time. It was the policy
of the British Government in the settlement of
New England, in the settlement of Virginia, and
in the settlement of the very State which the gen-
tleman himself so ably, in part, represents upon
this floor. The whole Atlantic coast was settled
by grants from the monarchs of England down
to the Revolution of 1G88, and many of the title
deeds are now traced back to these very grants.
The State which I have the honor, in part, to rep-
resent, stretching from the Delaware-to the Ohio,
and reaching to the lakes—a State numbering a
population of more than two million and a quarter
of inhabitants, unrivaled in its manufactures, and
nearly so in its commerce, and containing a city
upon the very spot where its illustrious founder
first landed, unequaled in beauty, in institutions
of learning, of art and benevolence—was granted
to William Penn by James II., by patent duly
confirmed.
And further, sir, it was this very policy,
adopted by the British Government, which sug-
gested the idea of the formation of this Confederacy,
which is the boast of every American. Sir, the
Confederacy of these States, was not a new idea.
It was suggested by colonial settlements, based
upon charters and grants of land, and the sug-
gestion of a Confederacy, was, in consequence, a
historical creation. It is to the adoption of that
policy, to which we owe much of our growth,
our present greatness and power.
Now, having disposed of this part of the gen-
tleman's proposition, I desire to say a word fur-
ther. The gentleman from South Carolina says,
it is the policy of this bill to encourage emigration
from the old States to the new States. I think
not. I think it holds out no improper induce-
ments, to citizens of the old States to emigrate to
the West. But, I say to him, that if the tenantry
in New England, in New York, in Pennsylvania,
or in any portion of the South, can better their
condition by emigrating and establishing freeholds
for themselves in the great valley of the Missis-
sippi, I, for one, say that the policy that encour-
ages such emigration will meet my most cordial
approbation. It is not against the public policy
to establish a community of freeholders, all deeply
interested in the preservation of our republican
institutions.
The gentleman says that the natural increase,
together with the foreign population, will settle up
the new States fast enough. Now, sir, let me
ask him if the natural increase in Kansas and
Nebraska, together with the foreign emigration,
would settle up those Territories and build them
up into great States ?
Mr. ORR. I asserted that the policy of making
grants of land for the purpose of settling the Ter-
ritories, so far as the action of the Government
Was concerned, was a new one. The gentleman
professes to quote laws passed by Congress.
Now, sir, if he will examine those acts he will find
that in every single case they are local and special
in their application. He will find that they are
for some special purpose.
Mr. DAWSON. So much the worse.
Mr. ORR. No, sir; it is not so much the worse.
This is the first time that this has ever been sought
to be initiated a general policy of the Govern-
ment. As to the original settlement of these
States, or as to what the policy of the King of
Great Britain was prior to the independence of the
Colonies, I do not propose to discuss that; nor do
I think it is a matter of very much consequence in
determining what shall be our policy. I have only
to reiterate the declaration I have already made,
that it is a policy most ruinous to the old States to
encourage emigration from them to the new States,
and to furnish the means for that encouragement
out of the common fund.
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman yield to me
for a moment ?
Mr. ORR. I cannot yield further. I rose for
the purpose of making a few very brief remarks,
which should not occupy the House more than
five minutes, but more than twenty minutes of
my time have already been consumed by other
gentlemen, and I shall not trespass much further.
One other objection which 1 desire to indicate
to this bill, is this: The tendency now is, it seems
to me, to make the people of the country lean too
much upon the Government. It is a wrong policy.
The Government should lean upon the people. It
is time to stop the practice of appropriating the
common funds of the Government for every con-
ceivable purpose. It is centralizing in its tend-
ency; and the passage of such an act as this will
only serve to increase the tendency. I am, there-
fore, opposed to the passage of the bill. I think
it ought to be defeated; but if it is to pass, I be-
lieve it would be less objectionable with an amend-
ment which, if it is in order, I would like to in-
dicate.
The amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones,] as it noiv stands, fixes the
price of the lands at fourteen and a half cents per
acre. The price to be paid should, in no event, be
fixed at less than twenty-three and a half cents per
acre, which, the report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office says, is the cost of the lands,
including the extinguishment of the Indian titles,
surveys, &c. I would prefer, myself, to fix it, in
round numbers, at twenty-five cents.
I have now said what I proposed to say; and,
thanking the gentleman from Ohio for his court-
esy in withdrawing the demand for the previous
question, I resign the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL obtained the floor.
Mr. ETHERIDGE claimed the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now renew the motion
to refer; but, before I cull for the previous ques-
tion, I desire to say a single word.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ohio
proposes to discuss the proposition, the Chair
must award the floor to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, the gentleman from Ohio having once
spoken upon the pending question.
Mr, CAMPBELL. I will not discuss it, then.
I had supposed that, in yielding to the gentleman
from South Carolina for explanation, I still re-
tained the floor. Believing, however, that we can
reach the whole matter in reference to graduating
and reducing the price of the public lands by the
Hunter bill, I move that this bill, with the amend-
ments, be committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and upon that
motion I demand the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair may have done
the gentleman from Ohio injustice inadvertently.
If the gentleman withdrew the demand for the
previous question, intending to resume the floor,
not having yielded it, why he would have a right
to go on now.
Mr. CAMPBELL. That was my understand-
ing. But I only desire to say, that we have a bill
here which came from the Senate, as a substitute
for the homestead bill of last session, and which
is known as the Hunter bill. I desire to see gen-
tlemen upon this floor " face the music" upon the
principles of that bill, especially my friends front
Virginia; and it is for that reason ihat I desire this
bill to go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, in order that they may meet
the Hunter bill when we come to the Speaker's
table.
It is not my purpose to consume the time of the
House by discussing the merits of these several
propositions. I therefore move the previous ques-
tion upon the motion to commit the bill, and I
will not withdraw it unless some gentleman wishes
to submit an amendment.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman withdraw it
for one moment, to enable me to make an inquiry
of the Chair?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Let the gentleman indicate
what the question is. It may be in the nature of
debate.
Mr. COBB. The question is this: If the pre-
vious question be sustained, will it not cut oft all
the amendments that could possibly be offered to
the homestead bill, and everything else?
Several Members. Of course it will.
Mr. COBB. I know it will, but I want the
House to understand it.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair will state what
will be the effect of the previous question, in orde*
that gentlemen may vote understandingly.
The amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] is not amendable at
all, being itself an amendment to an amendment.
The effect of ordering the main question will be
to bring the House to vote first upon the motion
to refer to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union and print. If that fails, then
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, and so on.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, I would ask
the gentleman from Ohio to withdraw his motion
for the previous question to enable me to offer an
amendment.
Mr. OLDS. No amendment would be in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
stated, and now repeats, that the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Tennessee, and
spoken to by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Dawson] yesterday, is not amendable, for
the reason that it is itself an amendment to ah
amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN. Precisely. But I would
inquire of the Chair if that amendment js to the
first section of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee proposes an amendment to the amendment
of the Committee on Public Lands to the original
bill.
Mr. WASHBURN. Very well. Then I
would respectfully inquire whether it is not in
order to perfect the first section of the original bill
before the vote is taken upon the substitute?
The SPEAKER. That is true. It would be
in order, as the amendment 6f the committee is in
the nature of a substitute.
Mr. WASHBURN. Then would this amend-
ment be in order—to insert after the words, "pub-
lic lands," in the first section-, the words " shall
be, and is hereby, repealed." My object is to repeal
the graduation bill passed last session, believing it
to have been a source of fraud and wrong.
[Loud cries of "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks such a
motion would be in order.
Mr. WASHBURN. Well, then, 1 offer that
amendment.
The SPEAKER. But at this time the amend-
ment is not in order, because the demand for the
previous question is pending.
Mr. MAXWELL. I desire to inquire whether,
if this amendment be adopted, it will be in order
to add to the section the amendment indicated the
other day by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letchkr]—the Hunter land bill ?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
The previous question was then seconded.
Mr. WASHBURN. Before the main question
is ordered, I wish to understand whether the Chair
ruled my amendment out of order?
The SPEAKER. Certainly. It was not in
order, because of the pendency of the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN. I understood that the gen-
tleman from Ohio withdrew his demand for the
