1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
has perfected his naturalization and become a citi-
zen of this country. Is there anything in that?
I ask the House if there is anything wrong in it?
But again, suppose any person comes into the
United States after the passage of this law, does
he acquire any right under it? There is not one
of the provisions of this bill, either the fifth sec-
tion, or any other, that can be made to apply to him
while he remains an alien under our Government.
Mr. ETIIER1DGE. I rise to a question of
order. I was interrupted, and made to take my
eeat, because I was discussing the merits of the
bill. My colleague is doing precisely the same
thing.
Mr. COBB. Oh, the gentleman from Tennessee
was just coming to the point the gentleman was
speaking: on.
Mr. JONES. Yes sir; I had just arrived at
that point. Suppose a foreigner comes to this
country after this bill becomes the law of the land,
I say he will have no right to secure the title to
one foot of land, under this bill, so long as he
remains an alien. If he makes his declaration of
intention to become a citizen, he can still secure
no right, under the fifth section, or any other pro-
vision of the bill, until he shall have passed
through the entire probation required by our laws,
and shall have taken his final oath to renounce all
allegiance to all other Powers, and to support the
Constitution and laws of the United States; and
then he will be an American citizen, and not a for-
eigner. He will then have become a citizen of the
United States—an adopted citizen—and, according
to my construction of right and justice, whenever
you make him a citizen, whenever he is a citizen,
either by birth or adoption, he should have ail the
rights and privileges which are granted by the
Constitution of the country; and, so far as my
vote is concerned, he shall have them.
If it is your desire to exclude all foreigners,
then repeal your naturalization laws, and prevent
them from becoming citizens. Then they will
have no rights under this bill. Mr. Speaker, it
is my opinion, that if we encourage, or if we per-
mit foreigners to come to this country at all, the
sooner we incorporate them with ourselves and
make them citizens, after having undergone the
necessary probation to qualify them for the enjoy-
ment and exercise of the rights of citizens, the
better.
The SPEAKER", (interrupting.) In the opin-
ion of the Chair, the gentleman from Tennessee
is transcending his rights, under the rule; the gen-
tleman from Alabama having yielded only for
explanation, and the attention of the Chair having
been called to the fact by the gentleman's col-
league, [Mr. Etherjdge,] he feels bound to inter-
rupt the gentleman.
Mr. COBB, (resuming.) Some of my friends
who are much older than I am—for I am a very
young member—have thought that, perhaps, I
ought not to have alluded to the private conversa-
tion which occurred between myselfand the gentie-
man from Tennessee. 1 will say that, although it
commenced as a private conversation between us,
before it was concluded, there were, perhaps, a
dozen persons present, and it seemed to me that
it did not longer retain the character of a strictly
private conversation. I will say, in answer to the
gentleman from Tennessee, that if the position he
assumes be correct, that the fifth section of this
bill makes its benefits applicable to persons not in
the country at the time of the passage of the act,
after having undergone their five years probation,
lam not willing to see it adopted. I repent it,
sir, I am not willing to see such a provision
adopted. If it becomes necessary to provide for
that class of persons, I am willing that another
bill should be passed that shall make provision
for them.
But I do not wish to make any such provision
in this bill. I wish to protr 'le for the people of
the country who are now citizens, and not to
anticipate the possible fact that others may come
here. 1 am in favor, myself, of confining the ben-
efits of this act exclusively to the American popu-
lation. But, notwithstanding the explanation of
the gentleman from Tennessee, I am still of the
opinion—and I wish to state it, that I may not be
misunderstood—that 1 have all along entertained,
that the fifth section of this bill would not embrace
the class of foreigners who shall arrive after the
passage of the act, which the gentleman says it
will embrace. But, as I have said, I am not learned
in the legal construction of bills. I have no dis-
position to dispute the gentleman's opinion, so far
as the construction of the biil which he offers as
an amendment is concerned.
I have consumed far more of the time of the
House than I intended when I first rose. I in-
tended to occupy only seven minutes and a half;
but the various interruptions to which I have been
subjected have led me to trespass longer than I
intended upon the time of the House. I have
done now.
The question now being upon Mr. Jones's
amendment,
Mr. MILL30N demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that that
motion is not in order; the House having determ-
ined that the aiain question shall be now put. "
Mr. CAMPBELL.. I desire to be informed if
the amendment offered by the gentleman Irom
Tennessee before me, [Mr. Etheridge,] is be-
fore the House?
The SPEAKER. It is not before the House.
Mr. CAMIJB£LL. Sol understand; but some
gentlemen around me suppose that it is pending.
The SPEAKER. And the Chair has ex-
plained, four or five times, the reason why it could
not be before the House. That reason he will
again repeat. The gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Cobb] reported back, from the Committee on
Public Lands, the original bill, with an amend-
ment, m the nature of a substitute. The gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] has moved an
amendment to that amend merit; and, consequently,
no other amendment can be entertained.
The question was then taken on Mr. Jones's
amendment, and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 72, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Alien, Breckin-
ridge, Bristow, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chris-man, Clark,
Cox, Curtis, John U. Davi-i, Thomas David, Dawson, l)u
Witt, Dunb.ir, Dunham, Eddy, John M. iilliott, Ellison,
Farley, Fetiton, Florence, Goodrich, Green, Greenwood,
Grow,Hastings, Hendricks,lienn, Hiester, Howe, Hughes,
George W. Jones, J. GJancy Jones, Itoland Jones, Ldiham,
Lindfley, McMulhn, Mace, Macy,Maurice,MiddleswarUi,
Muiray, Noble, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Peek, l'heips, ltich-
ardson, David Ritchie, ltobbms, fciapp, Shannon, Singleton,
Skelton, Samuel A. Smith, FredeucK P. Stanton, Alexan-
der H. Stephens, lienor L. Steveiib, Stratum, SirauO,
David Stuart, John J. Taylor, Trout,Tweed, Uphani, Wal-
bridge, Walker, Walsh, Elhhu B. Washburne, Weils,
Tappan Wentwurth, and Westbrook—7J.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombic, Aiken, Appleton, Ashe,
David J. Bailey, Bali, Banks, Barksdale, Belcher, Bennett,
Benson, Benton, Bliss, Bocock, Bojee, Biookb, Bugg,
Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthen>, Caskie, Chase, Chasiani,
Clingman, Cobb, Corwin, Craigp, Cioeker, Uuliom, Dick,
Dow dell, Edmands, Edmundson, Thomas D. Ehot, Ethe-
ridge, Flagler, Franklin, Fuller, Goode, Hamilton, Aaron
IIailan, Sampson W. Harris, Haven, Hibbard, Iliil_, Hiilvcr,
Houf-ton, Hunt, Johnson, Kidwell, Knox, Kurtz, Lamb,
Lewis, Maxwell, Smith Miller, MiiUon, Morrison, Nichols,
Orr, Parker, Pennington, John Perkins, I'lnllipt., Powell,
Pratt, Prmplo, Puryear, Ready, Ree.se, Riddle, Rogers,
Rowe, Ruflin, Sabm, Sage, Seward, Seymour, Shaw,
Shower, Simmons, Willuyn Smith, WiJham It. Smith,
George W. Sni>th, Sellers, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G.
Tayioi, Teller, Thurston, Walley, Wheeler, Daniel B.
Wright, and Zolhcofier—93.
So the amendment was rejected.
Before the result of the above vote was an-
nounced,
Mr. MATTESON stated that he was in favor
of the amendment; but that, at the request of Mr.
Letciier, he had paired off with that gentleman.
Mr. KEITT stated that he had paired off with
Mr. English.
Mr. MILLSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was rejected, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider do he upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the substitute for the
original bill, reported from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
It was read, as follows:
Bp it enacted, $c., That so much of the act of AugustlS,
1854, entitled " An act to graduate and reduce the price of
public lands to actual settlers and cultivators," as requires
the affidavit of the applicant, under said act, to be taken
before the register, or receiver, be, and ths same is hereby
repealed; and said affidavit may hereafter be taken before
any officer authorized to administer oaths, under such reg-
ulations as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior; and so much of said act as requires that the land
entered for the use of an adjoining farm, or plantation, shall
adjoin that tract, or tracts, actually occupied or owned as a
farm or plantation, be, and the same is hereby, so construed
as to include any tract, or tracts, that may corner with such
farm or plantation; ProiMed, That the portion of said Tatv
that has been construed as authorizing the entry of lands
under said graduating act,on fihngadeclaration ofimention
to enter lands for the use of tbe applicant, and for the pur-
pose of settlement and cultivation, shall hereafter be con-
sidered as authorizing an entry in such cases only as proof
of actual settlement, and improvement, by the party
making such application, under such rule1? and regulations
as may be prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior for
that purpose.
Sec. 2. *find he it farther enacted, That hereafter, in
addition to the affidavit now required by the provisions of
said act, each applicant shall be required to make oath that
he or she intends to appropriate said land to Ins or her own
exclusive use or benefit, ami he or she has not, directly, or
indirectly, made any agreement or contract in any way or
manner with any person or persons whatsoever, by which
the title by which he or she might acquire from the Gov-
ernment of the United States, should inure, in whole or in
part, to the benefit of any person except himself or herself.
And no person shall be entitled to any of the benefits of
said act who is not a citizen of the United States, or who
has not filed his declaration of intention to become a citi-
zen, as required by the naluiahzation laws.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
Tne yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phillips
and Jngersoll were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 84, noes 39.
So the substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, and being engrossed
it was accordingly read a third time.
Mr. COBB. I call for the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask for tellers on sec-
onding the caU for the previous question.
^Tellers were ordered; and Messrs, EdIiands and
Noble were appointed.
The question was taken;and the tellers reported
—ayes 80, noes not counted.
So the demand for the previous question was
seconded, and the main question was ordered to
be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to have
that bill read, and particularly the latter portion of
it, which defines who shall have the right of enter-
ing on the public lands.
Mr. COBB. I call the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to order.
Mr. JONES. I am in order. I have a tight
to ask for the reading of the bill.
Mr. COBB. Yes, but you have no right to
make a speech upon it.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee desire to have the bill again read ?
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir.
Mr. COBB. I object.
Mr. JONES. Have 1 not a right to have it
read, as it was not read on the passage?
The SPEAKER. The third reading of the bill
has been had.
Mr. JONES. Yes, by its title.
The SPEAKER. By its title only, which ia
the reading, unless objected to. But it is compe-
tent for the gentleman from Tennessee to have it
read in exltnso by the order of the House.
Mr. JONES. I do not care about any part of
it, except the latter clause relating to citizens and
those who have declared their intention to become
such.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Alabama object to that?
Mr. COBB. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. Then theclause will be read.
Several Members. Read the whole bill.
The bill was again read in extenso.
Mr. JONES. I ask the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas G8, nays 95; as follows;
YEAS-—Messrs. Abercrombie, James O. Alien, Willis
Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Call, Barksdale, Benton,
Bliss, Campbell, Caruthers, Chamberlain, Chase, Clark,
Cobb, Cook, Culiom, John G. Davis, Dowdell, D >nbar,
Eastman, Edmands, Enqhsh, Etherid&re, Farley, Grow,
Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Sampson W. Harri?, Henn, Kife-
bard, Heister, Hillyer, Houston, Hughes, fngersoH, John-
son, Knox, Lamh, Latham, McMuilin, Macy, Maxwell,
Smith Miller, Murray, Noble, Norton, Mordecai Oliver,
Parker, John I'erkms, Ready, Riddle, Sapp, Shannon,
Singleton, William It. Smith, George W- Smyth, Frederick
P. Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Hestor L. Steven'*,
Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, Walker,
Walsh, Elhhu B. Washburne, Well?, Westbroolt, and
Darnel R. Wright—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Appleton, Thomas H. Bayly,
