THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
example, the Senator living in the remotest part
of th e most distan t State receives as mileage for one
session of Congress #5,482 40, while the nearest
Senator receives but #33 60. Now, it is well un-
derstood that the actual expense of the journey in
each, case is but a pittance of the sums received, so
that the. most distant member receives one hundred
and sixty-three times more as mileage than the
nearest member, and all for a few days, perhaps
weeks, of extra travel. Thesame proportion holds
good for all intermediate distances. Thus, by this
exorbitant-mileage, established at a time when the
actual expenses of traveling were very great,
compared with the present reduced rates, were
absorbed at the last session of the present Congress
#451,682 82, the benefits of which accrued1 to the
members according to their respective distances
from the seat of Government. Now, sir, if this is
justice, -what is injustice? The rotten-borough sys-
tem of Great Britain, of which we heard so much a
few years since, hardly paralleled the rotten mile-
age system of the United States. Had there been
coupled with the proposition before us a plan to
reduce and equalize the mileage in such a manner
as to do justice to all concerned, it would have
been comparatively unobjectionable.
Had the distinguished Senator, with the advan-
tages of his eminent abilities and ripe experience
in the public councils, instead of bringing forward
this proposition for the benefit of Congressmen,
undertaken to devise some plan for the alleviation
of the country from its financial difficulties, and
brought in a bill to help the pockets of the people
instead of those of Congressmen, it would have
evinced a patriotism and fidelity worthy of its
distinguished source, and won the favorable con-
' sideration of all who are truly concerned for the
public interests. But the people are little thought
of, except in the matter of their votes, while their
servants are occupied with schemes to feather
their own nests, and put money into their pock-
ets.
The compensation of Congressmen and of the
Judges of the Supreme Court of the United States,
is now from one hundred to four hundred per cent,
greater than that of our State Legislators and
Judges. It would really seem, sir, if aState legis-
lator can live on from two to four dollars a day, that
a Congressman might possibly subsist on eight
dollars a day, with his exorbitant mileage, and
some ten or twelve hundred dollars as the value
of congressional books received for his private
library, to eke out his expenses; and if a State
judge can baffle famine with the material aid of
$2,000 or $9,500 a year, a United States judge
might possibly keep the wolf from the door with
the help of $4,000 or $4,500 a year.
But, if I am mistaken in these suppositions,
sure I am, sir, the direct and ultimate tendency of
this measure would be, to clothe this Govern-
ment with additional consequence in the eyes of
the country, and proportionally to belittle and dis-
parage the State Governments; to rear a towering
giant here, and make abject dwarfs there. I look
with no complacency upon the aggrandizement of
the Federal Government, but with dread and dis-
may. Its powers and influence are already fear-
fully great, and should be diminished rather than
increased. Its Executive branch is already well
nigh absolute, and is quick to seize upon any
semblance of a pretext to exhibit its mighty power
over the States, by ordering the military force at
its command to outrage and dragoon them into
submission to its imperious will. Far, far be it
from me, sir, to do anything calculated to clothe
this overgrown and menacing giant with stronger
attractions and a mightier armor, lest he absorb and
centralize within himself all that remains of the
appropriate authority and influence of the States,
and accomplish the fell purpose which, in his
haughty arrogance, has been boldly declared, and
" crush out the spirit of liberty " from the hearts
of the people. Such are, briefly, my reasons for
the vote which i shall give on this bill.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I confess I have
been greatly surprised, and I presume my surprise
has not been greater than that of any other meuii
ber of this body, at the character of the speech
which we have heard to-day from the honorable
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Gillette,] in
opposition to this bill. It proposes to increase the
per diem compensation of members of this and of
the other House of Congress, and to increase the
annual compensation of the Judges of the Supreme
Court. The Senator objects against the proposi-
tion in both its aspects.
If I am able to understand the honorable Sena-
tor, the purpose, the end, the scope of his objec-
tion to increasing the compensation of members of
Congress, it results in this: that the two Houses
of Congress, at the last session, passed the Ne-
braska and Kansas bill. For the Senator says it
is a matter of no sort of importance what may be
the expenses of members of Congress, since those
expenses, he says, may be enlarged or diminished
according to the style and manner in which gen-
tlemen live; that it is more expensive to use wine
than it is to use cold water; that they, therefore,
who choose to enhance the expense of living by
using wine instead of cold water, make a volun-
tary addition to their expenditures at the seat of
Government, for which no consideration is due and
on account of which no payment should be made
out of the public Treasury; but that the true crite-
rion by which to estimate what should be paid to
members of Congress, is the service which they
render, the return which they make to their con-
stituents for the compensation which they receive;
and, he says, after the enormous exhibition made
at the last session of Congress of a disposition to
destroy and break down the spirit of liberty by
the atrocious legislation of that session, it is
obvious that we deserve nothing more than we
receive, if, indeed, we ought to be allowed to re-
tain that which the law now gives us.
Why, Mr. President, but for the remark
coming from the honorable Senator from Connec-
ticut; but for its being gravely delivered in the
Senate; but for its emanating from a grave mem-
ber of this body, it would seem that it could spring
from nothing but an intense insanity of mind,
which keeps forever present one single idea. Who
expected this morning, when this bill of mine was
called up, that we should have a dissertation upon
the subject of the Kansas and Nebraska bill, the
question of the fugitive slave law, and the general
subject of Abolition agitation? Why, sir, have
we got to be ill that situation where nothing can
be moved, nothing considered, nothing proposed,
but it must resolve itself into an agitation of the
slavery question ?
Now, Mr. President, as to the inquiry what
members of Congress deserve, what their services
are worth? every gentleman must determine upon
that point for himself. My own opinion—which
1 took the liberty of expressing in some remarks
which I submitted when I introduced this bill—is
that my own services are worth more than the
compensation I receive; and, therefore, 1 shall,
without any sort of hesitation, vote for a bill
which will give me additional compensation. So
with regard to every member of this body. If the
honorable Senatorfrom Connecticut is clearly and-
conscientiously of opinion that his services de-
serve no more than he now receives, why, of
course, he will, as a conscientious and honorable
man, vote against the measure.
But, sir, 1 submit to the Senate, and I submit to
the country—for I am not disposed to enter into
any investigation of that kind—to pass judgment
upon the good taste of the honorable Senator, who
has lately made his appearance in this body, in
seizing this occasion, which has no connection
under heaven with the agitating and agitated sub-
jects to which he alludes, in making of this an
opportunity for using terms offensive and reproach-
ful to a large majority of his associates on this
floor; and, more than that, sir, of using terms
which imply offensive meaning, not only towards
ourselves, but towards the large majority of those
who, in times past, have preceded us in this body.
For my own part, it is entirely a matter of
indifference what judgment the honorable Senator
passes upon the bill of the last session for the
organization of Nebraska and Kansas. I voted
for the bill. I voted for it for reasons satisfactory
to myself and assigned to the Senate and to this
country, on the floor of the Senate. For those
opinions which dictated that vote, and for that
vote, 1 hold myself responsible to no man in this
chamber. To my constituents I stand responsible
for it, and to Him who is the Master of us all.
The honorable Senator differed from me in opinion
ahout that bill. A number of gentlemen on this
floor differed from me about that bill. When the
bill was before the Senate, they expressed their
opinions on that subject in strong and decided
terms. They voted against the bill, I felt myself
aa having no right to take any exception to the
views which they entertained on the subject, or
to cpmplain of the votes which they gave upon the
Ulll. I felt that they had the same equal rights
which belonged to me, and that it would be inde-
cent and unbecoming in me to call them in question
for the discharge of duties which they owed, not
to myself, but to the constituencies who sent them
here and to their general opinion as to what the
welfare of the whole country required.
Sir,I had hoped, if wecould not escape from this
species of discussion—if we were under the neces-
sity of having it brought forward from time to
time, ad nauseam, on this floor, that, at least, we
might be allowed to pass upon a bill like this
without having these extraneous, and, if they
could have any influence, embarrassing consider-
ations, brought before us.
The honorable Senator, if I understand him,
objects to so much of the bill as proposes an in-
crease of the compensation of Judges of the Su-
preme Court,, upon two grounds. The first is,
that the judges of the State courts are sufficiently
paid with $2,000 a year, and therefore a compen-
sation of $4,500 is sufficient to be paid to the
Judges of the Supreme Court of the United State?
I leave that syllogism to the judgment of every
man in the country. A judge in Connecticut, a
judge in Massachusetts, a judge in Illinois, or a
judge in North Carolina, receives $2,000 a year,
and is sufficiently paid; therefore the associate
justices of the Supreme Court are sufficiently paid
with §4,500! That is the Senator's proposition,
syllogistically stated. Ifthere is any connection be-
tween the premises and the conclusion, I confess
myself unable to see it; and so, I apprehend, will be
every member of this body. And then the second
objection, if X am able to understand the Senator,
again resolves itself into slavery and anti-slavery
agitation; he is unwilling to make any increase of
compensation to the judges, because—why? Be-
cause they have resolutely endeavored to carry
into execution a constitutional law of the United
States. Now that is the whole matter.
Mr. President, I am sincerely sorry that the
honorable Senator from Connecticut should have
felt himself obliged, in point of duty, to bring
forward topics of this kind on this bill.
Mr. GILLETTE. The Senator is mistaken,
if he states that I object to it because of any decis-
ion of the Supreme Court. I do not recollect that
I made any exceptions to the bill on that ground.
My objection to it, was, that the tendency of it is
to magnify this Government at the expense of the
State governments. That was the point which I
endeavored to present.
Mr. BADGER. I am very glad indeed to
learn that I misunderstood the honorable Senator.
Though he did not express himself distinctly in
several of the remarks he made, I collected the
general bearing of his objection to be, not what
these judges had done in the Supreme Court, but
what the Judges of the Supreme Court had done
elsewhere, in the discharge of their circuit duties,
towards enforcing a law of the United States which
was obnoxious to popular opinion. So far from
considering that as an objection to making them
independent in their position, I should have sup-
posed it would furnish a strong reason to every
well constituted mind, why they should be made
independent and capable, as well as willing, at all
times to exert their legal and constitutional pow-
ers in support of the law, whether it met with
popular favor, or whether it met with popular
disfavor. But I am glad to understand that I mis-
conceived the Senator; and I willingly, therefore,
retract—I do it with great pleasure—the observa-
tion which I made in that connection.
But, Mr. President, I was about to say—and
there to leave any question between the honorable
Senator and myself—thatlcould but feel sorry that
he should think it necessary, upon a bill of this
kind, to introduce such topics as he has adverted
to. We shall have agitation enough; we shall
have angry discussion enough; we shall always
find topics upon which we may bring forward
remarks calculated to irritate here, and to irritate
everywhere; but for God's sake do not let us seek
occasion to drag in these topics, and to force upon
us continually an angry or an unkind state of mind
in connection with every subject of legislation.
Sir, I have submitted heretofore, (I do not choose
to restate them; 1 am not in the habit of doing so;}
the reasons why I think it preeminently impor-
