240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11;.
I do not intend to discuss that point, I only wish
to say, that to me, personally, the good opinion
_ J i.    l_ _ ^ 81 UM M n/l &
of that' class of people who never will be made
■ gg my friend seems himself to think,) to under-
stand this subject, is of more value, by far, than
all the increased compensation which may be given
by the bill; and rather than lose that good opinion,
I Should give up the whole compensation.
This is a delicate and difficult subject to talk
upon; I do not wish to say too much upon it. I
repeat that I am perfectly conscious that the com-
pensation is insufficient, arid I am willing to vote
sufficient compensation to others. 1 am willing
and anxious to increase the compensation of my
successor, but I cannot vote for the proposition in
this bill, which increases the compensation of the
present members of Congress, and puts money
into my own pocket. Senators of the United
States are not rewarded for their services. Per-
haps it is not going too far to say, that the public
servants of the people of the United States are
■worse paid than thofie of any other people in the
world. Who of them is properly paid? The
Judges of the Supreme Court are not sufficiently
paid. For that portion of my friend's bill which
proposes to increase the compensation of those
judges I shall vote with all my heart; but 1 do not
mean to place myself in a position so easily liable
to misconstruction, as I should do, by casting a
vote for increasing my own compensation.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, 1 did not in-
tend to say anything with regard to this bill, and
1 shall now say but a few words, for the purpose,
merely, of preventing an impression in any quar-
ter, that the vote which I may give is for anv of
the reasons suggested by my colleague, [Mr.
Gillette.] I differ from him totally. 1 think
the compensation of members of Congress and of
Judges of the Supreme Court, is entirely inade-
quate and ought to be increased. I have nothing
to say with regard to the impressions which may
influence the minds of others. Every Senator and
every Representative, voting upon this bill, must
judge for himself; but I should be very unwilling
to have it supposed, by any vote which I give,
that I deem the present compensation of any class
of officers mentioned in this bill, at all adequate—
an assumption which is entirely contrary to the
truth.
I think, sir, it is contrary to the true policy of
this Government to exclude from public service,
as a matter of necessity, a large class of men of
the highest ability, who yet, from pecuniary con-
siderations, are unable to devote themselves to the
service of the country. 1 deem it contrary to the
true popular principle, that it should be rendered
impossible for men in moderate circumstances,
without any independent income of their own, to
enlist themselves in the public service; not that
they would refuse to embark in it in a case of the
highest necessity, but there are few cases where
men are called upon, from the necessities of the
occasion, to sacrifice themselves and their families
in order to answer a call from the country, upon
the bench, or in either House of Congress.
I am, therefore, willing to go for any measure
which will accomplish the end I have in view,
(that is, to place these servants of the public upon
a footing which I think the public interests re-
quire,) if it can be done consistently with that,
perhaps groundless, delicacy which has ever gov-
erned me in reference to the public service. The
vote which 1 shall give upon this bill, is controlled
by that, consideration, ami tliat consideration alone.
I say nothing as to the impression of others.
Mr. BUTLER. I understood that theorderof
the day was the bill to amend the judicial system
of the United States, and i hope we shall proceed
to its consideration.
Mr. BADGER. Let us have a vote upon this
bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD, It is quite evident that
there are several Senators who desire to say a few
words on this subject. The bill was unexpectedly
taken up this morning. 1 hope it will go over
until to-morrow morning, at any rate, and that
we shall either take up the bill of the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, or the bill to which
I alluded early this morning. I move to postpone
the further consideration of this subject until to-
morrow.
Mr. BADGER. I have no objection to that, if
we can postpone it until to-morrow, at half past
twelve o'clock. I wish to have the bill disposed
of; and I can tell my friends that, with their judi-
ciary bills, and their old soldier bills, we may not
get this up at all.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Then we had better pro-
vide for the old soldiers.
Mr. BADGER. The difficulty is, that we shall
be certain to do that; but if we push this bill aside,
we may not get it up again. Unless we can post-
pone it until to-morrow, at half past twelve o'clock,
1 shall resist the motion.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I make the motion to post-
pone the bill until to-morrow, at half paat twelve
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. EVANS. I wish to call up the bill which
was made the special order for to-day; but I see
that there is no chance to have it considered at
preset. I wish to call it up merely^for the pur-
pose of having it postponed until Monday. I
refer to the bill to provide for the payment of rev-
olutionary claims.
The PRESIDENT. As that bill was made the
special order for to-day, it will not lose its place
as a special order even if it should not now be
taken up.
Mr. EVANS. Then I am satisfied. .
JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill to modify
and amend the judicial system of the United
States, the pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Chase to add to the first section the
following:
And no vacancy occurring in tho nfficp of an Associate
Justus of the Supremo Court shall be filled tiy a new ap-
pointment until the number ot mcmbpra of the court shall
bv reduced to six ; and the Supreme Court shall thereafter
consist of aelnet justice and live associate justices.
The question was taken by yeas and nays, with
the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Brainerd, Cass, Cooper,
Ffi^endeo, i-Vh, Foot, Gilleuc, Houston, Tearce, Hack-
well, Rusk, Sumner, Wadi', and Weller—16.
NAYS—Mc^sr*. Ad m«, A Men, Bayard, Benjamin
Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Clayton, Dawson, Dodjre of
Wisconsin, Dodge ol Iowa, Douglas, Evans, Geyer, Hun-
ter, James, Jones of lown, Mailory, Mason,Morton, Pratt,
Reid, Sebastian, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs,
and Touccy—27.
So the amendment was rejected. The question
recurred on the amendment of Mr. Geyer to
strike out the first section of the bill, in the follow-
ing; words:
u That from and after the passage of this act, the Justices
of the Supreme Court of th<> United States shall not, as
heretofore, bo required to perform circuit duty, but they
fhall continue to have and exercise the same jurisdiction
and povv^is now vratod m them by law, within any of the
circuits in which they may respectively reside, in allowing
wntrf of habeas corpus, and writs of error, granting injunc-
tions, and doing all otlieracts which may be done utchara-
beid and out of term."
The yeas and nays being taken on this propo-
sition, resulted—ypas 12, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Chase, Dodge of Iowa, Doug-
las, Fcssendrn, Foot,Geyer, Giileite, Jones of Iowa, Pratt,
Sumner, and Wade—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Badger, Bayard. Bell,
Benjamin, Butler, (Ja«s, Dawson, Evans, Fish, Houston,
llunter, Maliory, Ma*on,Morton, Pearee, Iteid,Rockwell,
llubk, Sebastian, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Toucey,
and Weller—25.
So the motion to strike out was rejected.
The PRESIDENT. The question is now on
the adoption of the amendment offered as a sub-
stitute by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las ]
Mr. CHASE. I do not rise for the purpose of
adding anything in support of the amendment
which I offered; but as I happened to be out of
the Chamber when the vote was taken upon it, I
ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to be
allowed to record my vote for it.
Mr. BADGER. That cannot be done. It is
a bad precedent.
Mr. CHASE. I presume' it can be done by
unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT. The rule is imperative,
that " no member shall be permitted, under any
circumstances whatever, to vote after the decision
is announced from the Chair." Unanimous con-
sent cannot dispense with this rule. The question
before the Senate is on the substitute for the bill
offered by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Geyer] proposes to-offer some amendments
to that substitute; perhaps other Senators have
amendments to offer; I ask£ therefore, that it be
read section by section, so that amendments can
be offered.
The PRESIDENT. That course will be pur-
The Secretary proceeded to read the substi-
tute by sections. It was published in the pro-
ceedings of Friday the 5th instant.
When the reading of the third section (which
proposes to have a court of appeals in each cir-
cuit, composed of the district judges and the chief
justice of any Territory or Territories, which may
be in the circuit) was concluded,
Mr. DOUGLAS said: The Senator from Mis-
souri has an amendment to offer to this section.
He is not in at present, but he will be here in a
few minutes. Let the reading be continued; we
can afterwards recur to this section.
The Secretary continued to read the substitute.
When he had read the fifth section, in regard to
the terms and places of holding the circuit courts,
Mr. DOUGLAS said: I suppose it will not
be necessary to fill those blanks in committee.
The test question on the substitute can be taken
without that; and if it be adopted in committee,
I shall move to fill the blanks in the Senate.
The Secretary proceeded to read the sixth and
seventh sections, but was again interrupted by
Mr. DOUGLAS, who said: The Senator for
whom I sent is engaged, so that it is impossible
for him to be here. On consultation with the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, ^
[Mr. Butler] I understand there will be no ob-
jection on his part to postponing the bill until
Monday, with the understanding that we shall
then come here prepared to vote on this question.
1 therefore move its postponement until Monday
next, with that understanding.
Mr. BUTLER. We must take it up then.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. Make it the special order for
one o'clock. " .
Mr. DOUGLAS. I include that in my motion.
Mr. BUTLER. It is very important that this
bill should be disposed of, as I see it is in the way
of a great many others; though I do not think
that a very great objection, because some of the
others might a3 well be dispensed with. How-
ever, I do not wish to deprive my colleague on
the committee of the opportunity of proposing
such an amendment as he may think proper. He
is engaged in the court below, and both courtesy
and respect for his judgment, induce me to yield
to the motion of the Senator.
The motion was agreed to.
EXTENSION OF BOUNTY LAND LAWS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bounty land
bill.
Mr. ADAMS. I claim precedence for a prior
special order, which has already given way sev-
eral times to other bills. It is the bill to establish
the Department of Law, to prescribe certain dutied
of the Auditors and Comptrollers of the Treasury,
and for other purposes. If it is not' the pleasure
of the Senate to consider that hill now, I shall not
attempt to call it up again. I think it is neces-
sary for the proper management and conduct of
the Departments of the Government to have it
passed; but, Irepeat, ifitisnotthe pleasure of the
Senate to consider it, I shall not ask it again. "
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill " in addition
to certain acts granting bounty land to certain
officers and soldiers who have been engaged in the
military service of the United States."
When it was last under consideration, on the
4th instant, Mr. Fessenden had moved to amend
it by inserting, in the first section, among those
who are to be entitled to the benefits of the bill,
the words:
" Or any armed force employed by any State for the pro-
tection of its territory, and whose services have been paid
for by tile United States, or who went as volunteers at the
invasion of Plattsburg by British troops m September, ifcH."
Mr. BADGER had moved to amend that amend-
ment by striking out the words " and whose ser-
vices have been paid for by the United States,"
and the pending question was on that amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. STUART. I do not wish to delay action
on the bill, but I barely desire to suggest to thfe
Senator from Pennsylvania, that I have within the
