THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33  Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, JANUARY 15,
1855.
New Series....No. 16.
last hour received the informatio n which wasdesired
from the respective offices. 1 have not had time
to examine it so as to present it in such a form as
I should desire. It is past two o'clock,and I will
merely suggest to the Senator whether we. shall
make any advance by taking up the bill now.
Mr. HUNTER. If it be the pleasure of the
Senate to postpone the bounty land bill, we have
an appropriation bill from the last session still un-
disposed of. It, is the mail steamer bill, and it will
probably take but a short time tcJispose of it.
Mr. WELLER. The difficulty in the way of
taking up that bill is, that the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Seward,] who is nowabsent, has the
floor upon it. i am sure he gave notice at the last
session that he intended to speak at length on the
subject, and I therefore presume he wishes to dis-
cuss it. If there is a reasonable prospect of his
being here soon, I presume it should not now be
taken up.
Mr. HUNTER. It has been postponed for
some weeks for that purpose, and I do not think
the public business ought to be longer delayed on
that account.
The PRESIDENT. The bounty land bill is
now belore the Senate.
Mr. BRODHEaD. The Senator from Michi-
gan [Mr. Stuart] has the (loorupon this subject.
I do not wish unduly to press the consideration
of the bill contrary to the judgment of the Senate,
or in any manner to inconvenience the Senator
from Michigan. As he states that he has just
received the information which he sought at the
Departments, I entertain the hope that it will be
the pleasure of the Senate to proceed with the bill
at this time. If, however, it is proper to take
time to look over the papers which he has received,
it wilt be for the Senate to say whether we shall
proceed with it now or not. I do not wish,im-
properly to press the bill.
Mr. STUART. I do not wish the Senator to
understand that it was on my own account I
asked for any time. It was rather with a view to
save time. I do not think that the Senator is
epiite correct in saying that 1 iiavethe floor on the
bill. That is not my understanding of it. [ in-
tend to present these papers before the bill is dis-
posed of; and, in what 1 said before, I only meant
to suggest that if { could have until to-morrow to
examine them, 1 might present the contents of
them in a shape which would consume less time.
If the Senate determine to proceed with the bill
now, it will be no personal inconvenience to me.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from North
Carolina to the amendment of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to ask the Senator
from North Carolina whether he proposes, by that
amendment, to provide bounty land for the militia
of the States of Ohio and Mtchigan who were
called out on the occasion of a quarrel between
those States about their boundary line ? I refer
to what is commonly known as the Wolverine
war. Ami whether he proposes to extend it also
to those who were called out by Iowa and Mis-
souri in a war about their boundary? Those
troops were called out hy the States, and I desire
to know whether he proposes to class them among
the old soldiers in extending the benefits of this
bill ?
Mr. BADGER. I certainly did not have in
my mind the war to which the Senator alludes,
because I had never heard of it. I do not know
anything about it; but the intention of my amend-
ment is, that the benefits of this bill, if it should
be passed, shall extend to those troops which
were called into service by the authority of the
States in any of the wars of the country, or for
the protection of the States from invasion, or for
putting down insurrections in the States,all these
being duties of the General Government, although
the United States may not have paid the troops
so called out. In other words, I think the soldier
who was engaged in one of the wars contemplated
by the bill, and received no pay from the United
States, is not the less entitled to the benefits of the
16
bill because he did not receive that pay than if
he had received it. That is the whole of it. It
does not interfere with the previous description of
the bill as to the wars in which the persons must
have been engaged. It neither includes nor ex-
cludes wars that are not included or excluded in
the previous portions of the bill. It simply pro-
poses to give the benefits of the bill to the men
who have served in any of those wars, even
although they may not have been paid by the
United States.
Mr. WELLER. The phraseology of the
amendment will unquestionably allow all the per-
sons to whom I have alluded to receive bounty
lands; and all the troops who were called out by
the State of Illinois to wage war against the Mor-
mons will come in under the head of old soldiers
and receive bounty lands. I believe the State of
Texas called out a portion of troops to resist what
she considered the unjust-action of the Federal
Government, and they would be included. Now,
if it is intended by the Senator that all those pei-
sons shall come in and receive the bounty of the
Government, his amendment, undoubtedly, will
not receive my vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That difficulty can be
obviated, in my judgment, by simply striking out
of the original bill the words " and whose services
have been paid for by the United States," and
letting my amendment stand as I offered it. The
motion made by the honorable Senator ffom
North Caiol na, is to strike out of the amendment
those words, and then the class of persons alluded
to by the honorable Senator from California would
undoubtedly be admitted; but if you strike those
words out of the original bill, and leave them in
my amendment, then the persons alluded to by
the honorable Senator from Nortli Carolina will
come in, and those alluded to by the Senator from
California will not be included. The object, there-
fore, can be attained by striking the words out of
the original bill, and leaving them in the amend-
ment. That wi*!l accomplish both objects.
Mr. BADGES. After the suggestion of the
Senator from Maine, 1 have no hesitation at all
in withdrawing my amendment. If be thinks
the object will still be accomplished in the manner
which he proposes, and the difficulty suggested
by the honorable Senator from California will be
avoided, 1 have no objection to pursuing that
course, leaving the words in the amendment, and
striking them out of the bill. If the Senator
is satisfied that what he states is correct, I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. CAS3. I should like to hear the pending
amendment read.
The Secretary stated that it was to insert the
words proposed by Mr* Fessenden.
Mr. CASS. I should now like to hear the
whole section read to which the amendment is
proposed.
Mr. WELLER. Read the original amend-
ment. *
The Secretary announced that the pending
amendment was to strike out of the first section
the words " and whose services have been paid
by the United States," so that the section would
read:
" That each of the surviving commissioned and non-com-
missioned officers, musicians, and privates, wlmher of
regulars, volunteers, rangers, sea feneibles. or militia, who
were regularly mustered into the service of (he United Slates,
and every officer, commissioned and 11011 commissioned,
seaman, ordinary seaman, marine, clerk, and landsman in
the Navy,in any of thewarsin which this couniry has been
engaged, and each of tile survivors of the mihtia, or volun-
| teers, or State troops of any State or Territory, called into
military service, and regularly mustered therein, shall be
entitled to receive a certificate orwariant fioni the Depart-
ment of the Interior for one hundred and si xly acres of land,
or where any of those who have so served shall have re-
ceived a certificate or warrant, he shall be entitled to a
certificate or warrantfoi swell quantity of Jand as will make,
in the whole, with what he nmy have heretofore received,
one hundred and sixty acres to each such person having
served aforesaid."
The PRESIDENT. The question is on striking
out of the first section the words indicated by the
Secretary.
. Mr, CLAYTON.- I only wish to say, before
the vote is taken, that I understand, without that
amendment, such volunteers as the Plattsburg
volunteers would not receive bounty lands. They
have never received any compensation from the
United States; and for that reason, by the terms of
the bill as it now stands, they would be excluded
altogether from its benefits. It would be perfectly-
fair that those who have not been paid shall re-
ceive bounty lands as well as those who have been
paid.
Mr. COOPER. I am in favor of the proposi-
tion contained in the amendment, and I do not
care how broad it may be made. I do not think
that the public lands are likely to be better dis-
posed of than by bestowing them upon those who
aided in defending the country in the wars in
which it ha  been engaged. I think it is a greatly
preferable and more just method of disposing of
the public lands than most of those which are in
contemplation. It will at least afford to the old
States, to the citizens of the old States who, in the
wars preceding the one with Mexico, furnished
most of the troops who were engaged in the ser-
vice, a portion of the lands which they can hardly
hope to receive under any of the newer systems
that are contemplated by modern patriots. There-
fore, although I do not wish it to go outside of
soldiers who have actually performed services, I
do hope that" it will embrace all such. I do
not think that the lands can be, or at least they are
not likely to be, better bestowed than in this way.
I am prepared to go that far, and even further, in
compensating those who have served the country.
Mr. CASS. I should like to know whether
the provisions of that section will extend bounty
land to troops who have never been in the service
of the United States; who were never placed, and
refused to be placed, under the officers of the
United States. If it will, I shall certainly vote
against it. I am willing to vote to extend it to
troops who were called out by the authority of
any State. I am perfectly willing to extend it to
the Vermont troops who went to Plattsburg. No
troops could have behaved better than the militia
of Vermont on that occasion. Unfortunately, at
one time, the Governor of that State, in 1814,
issued a proclamation, and called the militia of
Vermont who were in the sewice of the United
States out of that service, and required them to
come home. They nobly refused, and went on, and
would fight the enemy. I would pay them; but I
never will'give my vote to pay the troops who were
not placed, and who were refused to be placed,
under the United States officers. It is the treasure
of the United States which we are disposing of;
and if any State refused to place its troops under
the officers of the United States, let us not pursue
the course of extending the treasure of the United
States in this manner to them.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I beg to repeat, sir, that
these words were placed in the bill in order that
the Pension Bureau might have pome evidence,
some record evidence, by which to test the correct-
ness of the applications that rr-ight be made for
bounty land. Most of the troops, all who ren-
dered valuable services, have been paid by the
United States. I therefore hope, sir, that the
amendment will not prevail.
Mr. PRATT. There are antecedent words in
the section, in the form of a restriction, which will
enable the Government officers to decide upon the
identity of the parties, as well as the words which
are proposed to be stricken out. As I mentioned,
in part, the other day, we had in the servieeapor-
tion of troops who behaved as gallantly as any in
the country, and who, if those words are retained,
will be excluded from the benefits of the bill. I
refer to the mihtia of Maryland. The antecedent
words, to which I allude, are to the effect that
the troops to whom the benefits of the bill shall
be extended,-shall have been mustered.into the
service of the United States. The Department,
therefore, is in possession of the muster rolls, and
they will identify the party who is to be paid just
as much as would the fact of the payment by the
United States. I have'yet to hear from any one
an answer to the argument of the honorable
