244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
fits of the bill together, and for what? As the
Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Coopep.} says,
because he wants to have this bill distribute the
public lands among the States. " Make it," says
tie, " as enlarged as you can, the larger the better.
Bring m every man, woman, and child, that there
is the slightest pretext for including, because 1 am
for the bill for the purposes of distribution." I
suggested that the other day. I said ail I desired
at that time was, that those Senators who wished
to pass the bill for the purposes of distribution,
should not suppose that we did not understand it.
Being opposed to such a distribution myself, it
will constitute one of the reasons why this bill
cannot meet my support in its present shape. 1
only wish, at this moment, to excuse myself for
having raised the suggestion that was implied in
saying that 1 was mistaken. I shall vote against
this proposition for the reasons which 1 suggested
in the outset, and which seem to be admitted as
involved.
Mr. MALLORY. It is very clear, from the
tone of the discussion, that we cannot come to a
vote upon this amendment to-day. That being
the case, I feel constrained to move the postpone-
ment of the bill for the purpose of having an
Executive session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his motion for a moment. I wish to
make an explanation in reference to the amend-
ment which I have proposed.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator can do that
to-morrow. 1 am afraid we shall not have time to
get through with the Executive business if we
postpone it any longer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall not occupy five
minutes.
  Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am anxious, sir, to
rescue my amendment from the difficulty which
seems to be ihrown around it, or which is proposed
to be thrown around it by the Senator from Mich-
igan. There are people in my own State who
stand in the same category with the persons
spoken of by the Senator from Michigan; and
I would not have passed over that subject, had
I not perceived that in this the attention of the
Senator from Michigan was misdirected. Now,
sir, if you will just look at the first section of the bill,
you will see that it speaks of soldiers, &c., who
were regularly mustered into the service of the Uni-
ted States. Then it comes to speak of the militia,
and says, " each of the survivors of the militia,
or volunteers, or State troops, in any State or
Territory, called into military service, and regu-
larly mustered therein "—not called into the mili-
tary service of the United States, and regularly
mustered therein.
Mr. STUART. Certainly ; so I understand it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then came the words,
"and whose services have been paid by the Um- <|
ted States." That was in the bill of 1652. What
was it intended to cover? Soldiers and militia,
who were called out by the State, mustered into
the service of the State, and who rendered service
to the State in defense of their territory, and who
had been paid by the United States, and thus
recognized as having rendered service to the Uni-
ted States. 1 have occasion to know that, beca_use
the amendment was put in in the House of Repie-
sentatives, as I am informed, for the express pur-
pose of covering those called out in the war in
that way.
Mr. STUART. That is precisely the ground
I took; but 1 say that that covers these Massa-
chusetts troops.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I say so, too. Precisely.
And, therefore, I said nothing when it was sug-
gested as an objection to my amendment. But
that amendment does not cover the Massachusetts
troops, because they were covered before. It says
that the provisions of the bill shall be extended to
any armed force called out by any State for the
protection of its territory, and whose services have
been paid for by the United States—not militia,
not people regularly mustered, but people called
out as an armed force, and who rendered services
! an armed force, and whose services have been
bills, who have been partially paid, and who
ought to receive this bounty as well as others, and
who were precisely in the same category as those
who were regularly mustered into the service.
Mr. MALLORY. I renew my motion to post-
pone.
The motion was agreed to.
THOMAS WISHART.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the House had agreed to the
amendment of the Senate to the bill for the relief
of the administrator of Thomas Wishart.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN. .
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Albert Hart be
withdrawn from the files arid referred to the Committee ou
Pensions.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered. That the petition and papers of William and
Mary College be vvilhdrawn from the flies and referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motionby Mr. MALLORY, theSenatepro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 11, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William II. Milborn.
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved.
CHARTER OP GEORGETOWN.
Mr. HAMILTON. By some omission, a bill
relating to the business of the District of Columbia,
having reference to granting charter privileges to
the city of Georgetown, was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
which was not ordered to be printed. I ask,
therefore, ihat an order be made for its printing.
The SPEAKER. No objection being made,
the order will be made.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to report back the
Military Academy appropriation bill; and I ask
that it may be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and printed.
I also desire to ask that a communication from
the Secretary of War to the Committee of Fi-
nance of the Senate, requesting " that certain
modifications be made in the classification and
.compensation of clerks in the War Department,"
be also printed.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
the orders will be made.
ADMINISTRATOR OF THOMAS WISHART.
Mr. SVIITH, of Virginia. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take up House bill
No. 471, being "an act for the relief of the admin-
istrator "of the heirs of Thomas Wishart," which
has been passed by the Senate, with an amend-
ment striking out the allowance of interest. The
parties interested are willing to take it as it came
from the Senate; and I beg that the House will now
| agree to the amendment of the Senate, so that the
i bill may pass.
| The bill was then read through by the Clerk.
I It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
the representatives of Thomas Wishart, late lieu-
\ tenant in the Continental army of the United
I States in thewarof the Revolution, five years'full
| pay of a lieutenant of infantry.
1 The amendment of the Senate is to strike out
! the following words:
[ " Also, the interest thereon from the 13th day of January,
; 1834, the time at winch tile first favorable report was made
! in behaif of tiie petitioners to this House."
j Mr SMITH. The heirs are willing to take
> the bill as it passed the Senate, although it dimin-
i ishes, largely, their claim.
! Mr. HAVEN. I think the amendment is a
recognized by the United States as such as the jj proper one, and, if the bill is now before the
United States ought to pay. Therefore, if my :i House, I move the previous question upon its
amendment be adopted, it does not include the >j adoption.
Massachusetts troops or the Mainetroops spoken
of relative to the last war; but it simply includes
a class who have been recognized by preceding
The previous question was seconded,and, under
the operation thereof, the Senate amendment was
concurred in.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The business first m order
is the motion submitted last evening by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Smith,] to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill to " amend the
act approved 4th of .August, 1854, entitled an act
to reduce and graduate the price of the public
lands to actual settlers and cultivators " was re-
jected, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table. .
The question was taken; and the motion to
reconsider was laid upon the table.
POST ROADS IN NEBRASKA, ETC.
Mr G1DD1NGS, of Nebraska, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to " establish post roads
in Nebraska Territory;" which was read the first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. G. also introduced a bill " to protect the
proprietors of towns in Nebraska Territory in
their town sites;'* which w&s read th® first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. G. also introduced a bill " for the survey -
and settlement of the half breed tract of lands in
Nebraska Territory;" which was read the first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
TAUNTON RIVER.
Mr. CROCKER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill making appropriations for " continu-
ing the improvement of Taunton river, in Massa-
chusetts;" which was read the first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce. ,
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SYSTEMS.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of the following bill, reported
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs:
A bill to remodel the diplomatic and consular
systems of the United States.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I am instructed
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs to report to
the House, and put upon its passage, the consular
and diplomatic bill which it has had under consid-
eration.
There are constantly referred to that committee
claims-of different kinds arising under our foreign
intercourse, upon the justice and legality ef which
it is expected to give an opinion. The investiga-
tion of these claims involves a reference to the ex-
isting laws, and the customs and practice of the
State Department. In the discharge of this duty,
the committee have labored constantly tinder em-
barrassment, from the unset led character of the
rules regulating the duties and pay of our foreign
agents. From a want of a thorough organization
of the foreign service of the Government, in the
first instance, reference has now to be liad to
precedent rather than established law. The con-
sequence is, that a great variety of claims are an-
nually presented against the Government through
uncertainty as to what services, are properly
required to be discharged, and the remuneration
that should attach to them. In deciding upon the
claims of this character, the committee has had to
be governed either by precedent or the peculiar
circumstances of equity in each particular case.
in this, too, they have met with difficulty, for
it has happened that our Secretaries of State have
differed as to the rules that should govern in many
of these cases, and the decisions of the Department
have consequently changed with itsadminisrration.
As the Committee on Foreign Affairs changes, too,
with each Congress, some of itsmembeis going
out and new ones being added, its decisions have
increased the uncertainty. In order to relieve
themselves and the House from the evils of this
uncertainty, early last session the committee called
upon the head of the Department of State for his
views as to a thorough remodeling of our consular
and diplomatic system, m order to its establish-
ment on definite principles. The Secretary of
State replied, referring the committee to the sev-
eral plans heretofore proposed to Congress for
that purpose, and to the expression of his prede-
cessors in office upon them. He also offeied the
committee access to the suggestions cf persons in
the foreign employ and upon file in the Department.
The report of Mr. Livingston, made to Congress
