sm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
January 12,
. The consular .system is a portion of the foreign
service, and, therefore, properly attached to a bill
to regulate the foreigu service. „They are appointed
in $he same way as the foreign ministers, by the
Executive, and confirmed by the Senate. They
"report alike to the State Department. The reforms
that affoct the diplomatic service affect, to a certain
degree, the consular service. The evils have the
Same origin. We copied from England their con-
sular system  as we copied from England their
diplomatic system. We have retained it without
modification. One reform of this bill, which oper-
ates equally upon diplomatists and consuls is this,
atld I especially invite the attention of the House
to its Heretofore there has been nothing to pre-
vent the Executive from commissioning to act as
a foreign agent, the citizen of another Government.
A person, for instance, who was in the employ
of Austria—an Austrian subject—might hold the
commission of this Government in Vienna and
discharge the duties-of American consul. In point
of fact, the majority of those in our consular ser-
vice were at one time foreigners, and armed with
power to tax, to an* indefinite extent, American
commerceand American citizens in a manner moat
injurious to our interests, and of which I shall
speak when I come to the question of fees under
this bill.
One great reform which this bill proposes is,
that no one but an American citizen shall be
entitled to hold office under the Government in
the foreign service. The provision, also, of which
I have spoken retaining our ministers at their
posts, is made by this bill to apply to consuls.
Heretofore it has happened that an individual
■wishing to travel abroad, and with influence, has
secured a foreign consulaie. It gave him immu-
niaes and privileges. He met ivi: h a reception
more honorable than he would have met as a
citizen- There was 110 obligation upon him to
remain at hit! commercial post. lie might leave
a foreign agent, to discharge his duties, and, in
point of fact, this has been frequently done, so
that we would have a consul, for instance, at
Liverpool, or Rio, or Havre realizing §20,000
from the commerce of the country in the way of
fees, enjoying himself in foreign travel, while the
the duties were discharged by a foreigner. This
hill provides that any consul who leaves his post
for more than ten days at a time shall lose his
salary during his absence. We thus require in
the consular, as in the diplomatic service, that
our officers shall remain at their posts. At this
point, I should prefer, if it is agreeable to members,
that the Hjuse should go into committee, and 1
■will finish what I have to say on the consular
part of the system to-morrow.
Mr. CLING MAN. I hope the proposition of
my friend will be acceded to. It is desirable
that the bill should be printed, with the additional
- sections which have not been printed. It can go
into the Globe, and we can ail see it to-morrow.
By general consent, the bill was ordered to be
printed.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on thes'ateof the Union,
(Mr. Orr in the chair,) and resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, House bill (No. 295)
" to provide for the establishment of railroad and
telegraphic communication from the Atlantic
States to the Pacific ocean, and for other purposes,"
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chand-
ler] being entitled to the floor.
Mr. CHANDLER addressed the House on
the subject of the temporal power of the Pope,
denying that he possessed any such power, and
quoted many authorities in supportof his position.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr, COX next obtained the floor, and addressed
the committee upon ti-e political condition of the
conmrj , justify .eg the efforts now making by the
ICoow-Motliiri-i par^y to eject ihe present Demo-
cratic Administration from power,and for restiie-
tion upon the political rights of foreigners under
the American system.
[His remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, obtained the
.floor, but yielded to
Mr. KEITT, who moved that the committee
rise.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman of the committee
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the state of the Union generally under considera-
tion, and particularly a bill to provide for the
establishment of railroad and telegraphic com-
munication between the Atlantic States and the
Pacific ocean, and for other purposes; and that
they had come to no resolution thereon.
ADDITIONAL ESTIMATES.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the permission of the
House to present some additional estimates of the
War Department, and have them printed.
A Member. What are they ?
Mr. HOUSTON. They are in reference to one
of the fortifications at Charleston. I will not ask
to have them read, but move that they be laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbcry Dickins, their Secretary, informing
the House that theSenate have passed acts for the |
relief of Ephraim Hunt, and for the relief of Sam- j
uel A. Bclden & Co., in which he was directed to '
ask the concurrence of the House. j
Also, that the Senate bad agreed to the amend :
meot of the House to the bill of the Senate (No
31) for the relief of Purser Francis B. Stockton.
GRADUATION BILL.
Mr. COB". As we did not consume the morn-
ing hour to-day with reports of committees, I ask
the consent of the House to make a report from
the Committee on Public Lands. We are desir-
ous of getting through with our reports as soon as
possible.
Mr. ORR. Do you wish to put it upon its
passage!
Mr. COBB. No, sir. I desire to introduce the
following bill:
A lull lo amend on act approved the 4th of August, 1854,
entitled "An act to graduate and reduce tile pi ice of
the public lands to aetuil settlers and cultivators."
Be 11 enacted by (he Senate and House of Representatives
of thi United Shite* of Jlmerica in Congress assembled,
"i'hat the act approved 4tli of August, 1854, to graduate and
reduce ihe pneo of the public landt3, fhali be so eonstmed
that affidavits required by the thud section ot'that act may
be made before any officer duly authorized by law to ad-
rmnustct oa'lif, tuidei MHh mlos and regulations as shall
be prescribed by the Secietary of the fnteuor.
Mr, LETCHER. Is that one of the children
of the old graduation bill ?
JVJr. COBB. No, sir; it is not.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee, m the chair.) In the opinion of the
Chair, if the gentleman makes his report, it will
not, romein under the morning hour.
Mr. COBB. I ask the unanimous,consent of
the House to present it.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. LINDLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill to increase the
salary of the collector of the port of Sandusky,
Ohio.
Mr. LETCHER. J object to that bill.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN", from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled sundry bills;
which were signed by the Speaker.
The titles are as follows:
An act for the relief of the representatives of
James D. Anderson, deceased, late consul of the
United States at Tripoli;
An act for the relief of Mrs. Ann W. Angus;
An act for the relief of James Erwin, of Ar-
kansas, and others;
An act for the relief of Francois Cousin;
An act authorizing the le^al representatives of
Arnoine Vazquez,, Hypcrhte Vasquez, Joseph Vas-
quez, and John Coliigan, to enter certain lands in
Mi^souii;
An act for the relief of William Duer;
An act for the relief of E. C. Greneaux;
. An act for the relief of Susan Coody and others;
An act for the relief of James Hoistin;
An act for the relief ^of Thomas Butler;
An act for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of William Weeks;
An act for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Uriah Prewitt, deceased;
An act for the relief of Colonel John H. Stone;
An act for the relief of Charles J.'Porcher,act-
ing purser of the brig Falmouth; and
An act for the relief of Purser Francis B. Stock-
ton.
Mr. READY,by unanimous consent,reported,
from the Committee of Claims, a bill " for the re-
lief of Medford Coffey, oftheStateofTennessee;"
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
a Committee of the Whole House.
And then, on motion by Mr. FLORENCE,
the House, at five minutes before three o'clock, p.
m., adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock,
meridian.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 12, 1855.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
On motion, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to day, it be
to meet ou Monday next. «■
DEATH OF HON. MOSES NORMS.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, it falls to my
lot to perform the melancholy task of announcing
to the Senate the death of one of its members.
The Hon. iYlr. N orr is., Senator from New Hamp-
shire, is no more. He died at his lodgings in this
city, of an affection of the heart, on Thursday
evening, at half past eleven o'clock. Thiee days
ago we saw him in the midst of us, in the fulness
of life and health; but he was struck down m a
moment, without consciousness; and, though he
revived for a time, and was restored to the full
possession of his faculties, yet a recurrence of the
attack proved fatal. He has left a wife and fam-
ily of children to feel bitterly their sudden bereave-
ment.
Mr. Norris was the son of a revolutionary
soldier. He was born at Pittefield, in the State
of New Hampshire, in the year 1799. He gradu-
ated at Dartmouth College with a high reputation
for scholarship. He commenced the practice of
law in his native town, and, soon acquiring the
reputation .of a sound lawyer and able advocate,
he rose to eminence in his profession. He took
a deep interest in public affairs; and, from early
life, adhered to those political views which he ever
afterwards maintained. In 1839 he was elected a
member of the Legislature from Pitt&field. In 1840
he was'chosen Speaker of the House, and pre-
sided in that body with distinguished ability and
success. In 1841 he became a member of the
State Council. In 1844 he was elected to Con-
gress, and seived in the House of Representatives
the four succeeding years. In 1847 he was again
a member of the Legislature of New Hampshire,
and again Speakerof the House; and, while serv-
ing in that capacity, he was elected to the Senate
of the United States for the term of six years
from the fourth of March, 1849, and the same year
took the seat which he occupied at the time of his
death.
Such a record expresses the confidence reposed
in him by the people of his native State better
than any words of mine.
While he was a member of the House of Rep-
resentatives he took an active part in debate. His
leading speeches in that body were upon the great
subjects of the tariff, the admission of Texas as a
State, and the contested seats of the members
from New Hampshire, and other States, who had
not been chosen by districts, m conformity with
the act of Congress. All these speeches were of
marked ability, but that delivered by him in the
Senate, upon the bill providingfor the organization
of Kansas and Nebraska was, perhaps, most dis-
tinguished in that respect, and attracted the largest
share of public attention. In the great contest
which resulted in the compromise measures of
1850, he was the firm and consistent advocate of
those measures, and was never known to flag or to
falter in their support. His views were enlarged
and liberal, not limited to the State or section in
which he lived, but compiehen&ive enough to
embtace the whole country and ah its interests.
Pie was open and manly in his court e, true to his
principles and to his friends, reliable under the
