1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
pressure of difficulties, firm in the maintenance of
ri^hf, greatfy beloved by his family and by those
who knew him best, and will be lamented by all.
When such a man falls, his death is a public
calamity.
I move, sir, the adoption of the following reso-
lutions:
Resolved, That tlie members of theSenate, from a sin-
cere desire show < very mark of respect to the memory
of the Hon. Moses Norris, late Senatoi fiom New Hamp-
shire, will go into mourning for one month by the usual
mode of wearing crape ou tlie left arm.
Resolved, That a committee be appointed t*y the President
pro tempore to superintend the removal of the remains of
ihz Hon. Moses Norris from his Kite residence, at four
o'clock this afternoon, and that the Senate will attend the
same. ✓
Resolved, That, as a further mark of respect, the Senate
<io now adjourn.
Orilnrrr], That the Secretary communicate these proceed-
ings to tlie House of Representatives.
Mr. CASS. Another solemn warning; has come
to announce to us, that in the midst of life we
are in death. Another member of this body, who,
but a few hours since, was among us, engaged in
all the busy occupations of life, has been suddenly
called from the service of hi3 country to the bar
of his God. The emphatic words, " Be ye also
ready," are written upon all the shifting scenes
around us, and meet us day by day, from the
cradle to the grave. Happy will it be for us, if
the lesson they teach teaches us so to believe, and
so to conduct, that the shadow of the dark valley
through which we must pass, may be illumined
• by the faith and hope which the Redeemer has
promised to all, who call upon him through the
Gospel.
1 did not rise for the purpose of pronouncing a
eulogy upon our departed friend. Here, where
he'was known and appreciated, no such words
are needed. I merely rose to offer my feeble tes-
timony to his worth, and my tribute of sorrow
for his loss. IJe was the sole representative of
his State upon this floor, the State of my birth;
and the land to which a grateful memory often
reverts with pride and affection. This circum-
stance seems to render it not improper that I
should take part in the ceremonies upon this
melancholy occasion. It is not in my power to
relate the incidents of his life; nor, indeed, is it
necessary, for the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Toucey,] in the beautiful remarks to which we
have just listened, has said all that was necessary,
and lias traced the course of this lamented citizen
from his earliest career to his latest, showing the
energy, and intellectual power, and moral worth,
by which he reached his high position, without
any of those adventitious circumstances which
sometimes supply the want of merit.
I was in the habit of constant and friendly in-
tercourse with him while he was a member of this
body. No one could hold that relation without
the most favorable impression of the qualities of
his mind and heart. He had a native vigor of in-
tellect, improved by study and reflection, which
never failed to exhibit itself in his action and con-
versation, He had looked upon life with a careful
eye, and his judgment was refined by much and
varied experience. He had a most commendable
firmness of purpose, which never gave way before
danger or temptation, when his convictions were
or.ce formed, and to this he joined a probity of
intention which gave weight to his opinion and the
force of example to his authority.
In this high depository of national power he
was national in all his views and votes. Not cir-
cumscribed by local considerations, nor influenced
by local prejudices, but looking to the rights of all
and to the good of all.
But he is lost to his State and to his country;
to his bereaved family and his mourning friends.
In the Providence of God he has been taken away,
while yet in the strength of manhood. As men,
so distinguished and so useful, fall one after an-
other, we may humbly hope that He who calls
them hence will guide others in the path of duty
to serve their country and to promote the best in-
terests of society.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted;
Mr. Foot, Mr. Toucey, Mr. Fish, Mr. Dawson,
Mr. jaaies.and Mr. Sebastian were appointed a
committee, under the second resolution, to super-
intend the removal of the remains of Mr. Norris,
and
The Senate .adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 12, 1855.*
The House .was called to order at half past
twelve o'clock.
ThsJournalofyesterday v/aSread andapproved.
DEATH OF SENATOR NORRIS.
A message was received from the Senate, by the
hands of A & bury Dickins, their'Secretary, inform-
ing the House of the death of Senator Norris, of
New Hampshire, and of the passage by that body
of the usual resolutions of respect to the memory
of the deceased.
The message having been read—
Mr. MORRISON rose and said: Mr. Speaker,
I rise to perform a melancholy and, to me,a most
painful duty. I rise to ask the indulgence of the
House while I submit for its adoption resolutions
expressive of the respect which 1 am sure is felt
by every member for my deceased colleague and
friend, of whose death we have just been notified
by the message from the Senate, which has been
read from the Clerk's desk. I ask the indulgence
of the House also, while I make a few prelim-
inary remarks, before submitting the resolutions
for its consideration.
It is meet that we should pause in'ourcareer of
usefulness to pay a tribute of respect to the mem-
ory of one so justly honored and so recently and
so suddenly withdrawn from our midst.
I do not rise for the purpose of pronouncing a
formal eulogy upon the character of my departed
colleague. His history, as a public man, is well
known. It is engraven upon the records of his
country, to whose service he has devoted his
entire active life. He has been called from his
elevated field of labor in comparatively early life,
and while yet invested with the his;h distinction of
representing the sovereignty of his State in the
National Councils. But, sir, we have been ad-
monished, again and again,''since the commence-
ment of the present Congress, of the uncertainty
of human life, and of the emptiness of human
ambition, even could our highest anticipations be
realized. How true, how almost prophetic, was
the language of our departed friend, when an-
nouncing, from his place on the floor of the
Senate, the decease of his colleague in that body,
but little more than one short year ago. On that
occasion, he saidr
'■This lamentable evrnt teaches us the all-important and
solemn lesion, to be also ready, f' r we know i.ot tlio mo-
ment when we, too, shall be called to our fmal account."
In my deceased colleague were combined all the
elements that attach to a sound and judicious
statesman, beyond almost any man within the
circl? of my acquaintance. He was firm and de-
termined in the pursuit of what he believed to be
right, and yet, during the whole course of his
political life, he never permitted his intercourse
with the world, nor the asperity of party and
political feelings, to chill the warm sympathies of
his heart. Those generous impulses, which so
endeared him to all with whom he was connected,
continued to burn with all the freshness of child-
hood, and his unselfish kindness retained all the
warmth and ardor of youth.
Sir, I said that I did not propose to pronounce
a eulogy upon thedeceased. Itis notmypurpose
to do so. This is not the time nor the place for
that object. When i parted witji him on Monday
last, so far as external appearances indicated, he
was in the enioyment of his accustomed health
and spirits. He passed the evening of that day
with his family, at his lodgings, with his usual
cheerfulness, until about eleven o'clock, when he
was suddenly and violently attacked with the fatal
malady which, in a few hours, prostrated all his
vigorous and manly powers. He partially rallied,
however, and his condition so much improved,
that, until within a few minutes of his dissolution,
his friends entertained flattering hooes of his
ultimate recovery. He expired at about eleven
o'clock last evening, at his lodgings in this city.
Although his death was sudden, it did not come
without premonitory admonitions. He had had,
from time to time, warnings -that the work of
death was going on within him; that the great
central organ of life was subject to disordered
action. He has remarked to me that he expected,
when he should pass from the stage of life, it
would be by some sudden derangement of the
action of that organ, like that which has proved
eo startlingly fatal.
Moses Norris was born in the town of Pitts-
field, and State of New Hampshire, in the year
1799. He was the scion of a revolutionary stock,
and inherited from a hardy and liberty-loving
ancestry that ardent devotion to the principles of
freedom and never-faltering attachment to the
Constitution and the Union, which have distin-
guished his public career. He graduated at Dart-
mouth College, in his native State, in 1824.
During his college course he sustained a high
reputation as a scholar, and secured the lasting
respect and warm attachment of his tutors and
fellow-students. Having selected the profession
of the law, and pursued the requisite qourse of
study, he was admitted to the bar, and commenced
the practice in his native county.
At the bar Mr. Norris soon obtained a high
position, even amongst the able men who then
adorned that profession in New Hampshire. He
stood side by side with such men as Woodbury,
Pierce, Atherton, the Bells—men of high and well-
known eminence. He was not so much dis-
tinguished for brilliancy of rhetoric, as for sound
discretion, clear discernment, good sense, and
honesty of purpose, qualities which give confidence
and command respect. He was ever guided by
his clear judgment and sense of the right. In his
native town and State he sustained a reputation
as enviable as could be desired by members of the
legal, or any other profession. He was a man
of intelligence—a man of judgment—a man whose
honesty of purpose was never questioned. Of
him it might, with much truth, be said, " he
was the noblest work of God,"an honest man.
For the last fifteen years of his life, Mr. Norris
has been constantly in public life. He was first
called to serve his native town in the Legislature
of the State.
He was chosen in 1839, 1840, 1847, and 1848,
a representative from his native town to the Legis-
lature of New Hampshire. He was twice elected
as Speaker of the House, and in that capacity he
presided over the deliberations of the body with
that quiet dignity which has always marked his
public career, and pursued a course which ren-
dered him, as far as he was known, as popular in
the State as he had hitherto been in his native
town.
In 1841 Mr. Norris was elected a Councilor
of State, and served in that office for one year.
In 1843 he was elected a member of this House,
and again in 1845. For four years he served"
the State of New Hampshire in this House, in a
manner well known to the country, and well
known to those now present who served with
him. In 1848 he was elected a Senator from his
State to the Congress of the United States for six
years. His term of office would .have expired at
the close of this session.
The career of the deceased may not, perhaps,
have been as brilliant as that of some statesmen
who have served the country on this floor, or in
the other wing of the Capitol; but it was eminently
useful, eminently practical, eminently national.
As a debater his manner was clear, earnest, logi-
cal. fie sought to convince by reasoning rather
than by assertion. The country, sir, and perhaps
many members in this House, will remember his
efforts on this floor on the question of the con-
tested election of 1844; again on the tan!? ques-
tion; and also his remarks hereon the question of
the annexation of Texas—all his efforts placing™*
him as an able, convincing debater, occupying the
front rank among the statesmen of the country.
His speeches would do credit to any deliberative
body in this country.
Such, Mr. Speaker, has been, in brief, the pub-
lic career of the honored dead. So far as his career
is known, I might appeal to the House and to the
country if it was not such a career as would sat-
isfy any reasonable ambition. In his whole course
he has shown himself a devoted friend to his State,
and a devoted friend to his country. When the
political storm of 1850 threatened the perpetuity
of the Union itself, he was among the first end <
foremost of the northern men to rally around the
flag of Union and to save the Union from the
wreck which menaced it. He stood there side by
side with Webster, with Clay, with Cass, and
with others who threw themselves, ps patriots,
into the breach. His course has ever teen one of
devotion to the Union, devotion to the country,
perhaps as eminently so as that of any statesman
in the land. I will not obtrude into the circle of
