m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
his private relations. He leaves a wife and six
children. Their loss is irreparable. Devoted as
he was to his country, he was equally devoted to
his family. In all the relations of private and
domestic life he was eminently exemplary, irre-
proachable, and beloved.
Sir, 1 would gladly extend farther my remarks
on this occasion, but X do not feel adequate to the
task. It is not, perhaps, the time nor the occa-
sion to dwell upon it. I ask the adoption of these
resolutions: •
Resolved, unanimously, That the House deeply lament
the recent death of the Hon. Moses Norris, late a Senator
of the United States, from the State of New Hampshire,
and that^as a testimonial of respect for his memory, the
members of the House will wear crape on the left arm for
thirty days.
Resolved, That the Clerk communicate a copy of the
foregoing resolution to the widow of the deceased.
Resolved, That a committee be appointed by the Speaker,
with such as the Senate have appointed, to superintend
the removal of the remains of the deceased, from his late
residence, at four o'clock this p. m., and that the members
of the House will attend the same.
Resolved, As a further mark of respect, that this House
do now adjourn.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. You and I, Mr.
Speaker, are among few of the members of this
House who served with the deceased on this floor.
That circumstance makes it not indelicate in me
to gratify a heartfelt impulse on this occasion,
and express feelings which X know that you, sir,
would express, if you were occupying rny posi-
tion and I your.:',
The gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Morrison,] speaking of Mr.NoRRis, felt it right
to say that he did not aspire to the character of a
brilliant statesman; but he had elements of char-
acter that are not too common, even with brilliant
statesmen. He possessed, in an eminent degree,
moral courage, and was not afraid, at any time, to
do right. He never shrank from contest with
error, because truth very often has severe conflict
with error. I have seen him upon more than one
occasion, as you have seen him, Mr. Speaker,
display the great attribute of moral courage—to
some of those occasions his colleague has referred.
He was a good specimen of a New Hampshire
Democrat; and while true to his own section of
the country, he never forgot what was due to other
sections of the country; and while true to his own
constituents, he never forgot the rights of those of
the rest of us. He always displayed here firm-
ness and truthfulness of character; and what
higher'attributes can any man possess than these?
New Hampshire has been sorely afflicted. During
this very Congress she has lost two of her most
distinguished statesmen. It was only at the be-
ginning of the last session of Congress that the
death of Mr. Atherton was announced here, and
now we mourn the death of an equally worthy
man.
Senator Norkis died, as I have been told, of a
disease of the heart, but it was not a moral dis-
ease of the heart. It was a physical one, and it
may be some consolation to his family, to know
that those who knew him here will testify that
that heart never manifested a bad impulse.
Mr. PRESTON. I will attempt to add nothing
to what has already fallen from the gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Morrison,] and the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.] I will
simply add, that as a further testimonial of the
respect of this House, I hope that when it ad-
journs, it will adjourn to meet on Monday next.
I make that motion.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Morri-
son's resolutions; and they were adopted.
The House, thereupon, adjourned till Monday
next, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 15, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. •
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating a statement of the expenses of the
national armories, and of the erms and append-
ages made thereat, during the year ending June
30, 1854; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating a statement of the contingent expenditures
for the military establishment for the year ending
June 30, 1854; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Also, a report from the Secretary of State, com-
municating a list of the clerks, messengers, and
others, employed in the Department of State,
during the year 1854, the State or Territory from
whence appointed, and the amount paid to each.
Ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Interior, transmitting a communication and
papers from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
and asking for appropriations for objects therein
mentioned; which, on motion by Mr. Badger,
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS, Etc.
Mr. BADGER. I present the memorial of
John Wilson and two hundred and two other
Cherokee Indians, of the counties of Cherokee and
Macon, in the State of North Carolina, complain-
ing that money due to the heirs and represent-
atives of deceased Cherokees, and placed by the
Government in the hands of white men, has not
been paid to thoseentitled to it; stating that, having
purchased lands in the State of North Carolina,
with a view to a permanent settlement therein,
a large portion of the amount set apart annually
for their removal and use, will, without some fur-
ther legislation, fall into the hands of speculators
and interested persons; and praying that the Gov-
ernment may cause such money to be paid directly
to those entitled to it, without the intervention of
such persons; and also that the Government pay
them a principal sum equivalent to the amount of
interest to which they are now entitled under the
laws of the United States. I move to refer it to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and I venture to
say that I hope that committee will give it their
immediate attention; for these Indians are worthy
and respectable, and, if they have suffered wrong,
are entitled to redress.
It was so referred.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the memorial
of John Poy, praying to be reimbursed for dam-
ages done to his house in Washington city, by
reason of the construction of certain works by the
Government; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. GW1N presented the memorial of John C.
McLemore and others, citizens of California, pray-
ing that a port of entry may be opened at the
junction of the Gila and Colorado rivers; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Eliza
Henley, widow of John D. Henley, late an Officer
of the United States Navy, praying to be allowed
an increase of pension, with interest; which was
refered to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of George Gerrish and others,
residing in New York and elsewhere, praying that
steam ferry boats, having an upper deck, may be
required to carry one of Thomas's safety cars;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented a me-
morial of commissioners appointed by a General
Assembly of the State of Tennessee, February 28,
1854, praying the aid of Congress in preventing the
I overflow of the east bank of the Mississippi river,
caused by the leveeing of the west bank under
certain acts of Congress appropriating lands for
that purpose; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of John
Harmon and others, soldiers of the war of 1812,
^ convened at Ravenna, Portage county, Ohio, pray-
; ing that a pension may be allowed the survivors
of that war, and to the widows of those deceased;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of Amos
B. Eaton, praying to be allowed certain items
which were rejected at the Treasury Department
in the settlement of his accounts as a commissary
of subsistence in the Army; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MALLORYpresented a petition of C. W.
Reed and others, citizens ofSackett's Harbor, New
York, praying the removal of obstructions, and
the construction of a dock in that harbor; which
; was referred to the Committee on Nayal Affairs.
Mr. FISH presented a copy of a report of a
committee of the Board of Trade of Baltimore, in
favor of a revision of the laws respecting emigrant
and passenger ships; which was referred to the
select committee appointed on the subject.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin,presented the me-
morial of the grand jury of the district court of
the United States for the Wisconsin district, pray-
ing an additional appropriation for the erection of
a building for the post office, custom-house, and
court-house at Milwaukie, in said district; which
Was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CLAY presented an additional document
in relation to the claim of Hugh Wallace Worm-
ley; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of the heirs of Nathaniel
Steele, praying indemnity for damages sustained
by him in consequence of his ejectment by the
United States troops from a tract of land, pur-
chased of a half-breed Indian; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of
soldiers of the war of 1812, residing in the State
of Maine, praying that pensions may be allowed
to the surviving soldiers of that war, and to the
widows of those deceased; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of Henry D. E. Hutchins,
one of the heirs of Nathaniel Hutchins, deceased,
an officer in the revolutionary army, praying that
the commutation pay to which the deceased was
entitled, may be paid to his heirs; which was
referred to. the Committee on Revolutionary-
Claims.
Also, the petition of John W. Pray, one of the
heirs-at-law of John Pray, deceased, praying that
the commutation pay to which his ancestor was
entitled, may be paid to his heirs; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Air. MALLORY, it was
Ordere U That the petition of Joseph Chaires, executor of
B. Chaires, deceased, and of Gad Humphreys, and Pedro
Miranda, on (he files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
miltee on Public Lauds.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Henry Etting, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
PETITIONS RECOMMITTED.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, the petition of
Sarah Larrabee, and the petition of Nancy Bo wen,
were recommitted to the Committee on Pensions.
HARBOR OF SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. WELLER. I present the petition of resi-
dents and holders of property in the city of San
Francisco, stating that that harbor and city are
without adequate means of defense, so that, in case
of war, a small foreign force, in the absence of
American vessels of war, could easily destroy the
city and the commerce of the United States on the
Pacific; and that, in order to any proper protection
of that place and of American commerce on the
Pacific coast, it would be absolutely necessary that
the fortifications of San Francisco should be imme-
diately completed. The petitioners therefore pray
that Congress will at once take the necessary
measures to place the city of San Francisco, to-
gether with its harbor, in a proper state of defense.
I move that it be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
It was so referred.
Mr. WELLER also submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to: ^
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form the Senate what progress has been made in fortifying
the entrance to the harbor of San Francisco; California,
and the present contusion of said work.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred a bill from
the House of Representatives, for the relief of the
children and heirs of Major General Baron de
Kalb, reported it back without amendment.
Mr. DODGE, of-Jowa, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whdm was referred documents
relating to the claim of Ornan Randall, praying
to be allowed bounty land, asked leave to be dis-
charged from their further consideration, and that
the petitioner have leave to withdraw his papers;
which was agreed to.
