1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
251
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was recommitted the petition of
Catharine Clark, praying to be allowed a pension,'
submitted an ad verse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CLAY asked and obtained the unanimous!
consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to settle
certain accounts between the United States and
the State of Alabama; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands,'' and ordered to be printed.
NAVY-YARD AT MEMPHIS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee oil Naval Affairs be re-
quested to take into consideration the action of the Board
of Mayor and Aldermen of the city of Memphis, on the sub-
ject of the navy-yard at that place, and that they report
■ whether or not it is the interest and duty of tile Govern-
ment to accept of a retrocession of the yard as indicated jn
the tesolutions of the Board ofMayor and Aldermen, which
resolutions are hereunto appended, as follows:
Whereas, we, the Mayor and Aldermen of the city of
Memphis, view with deep regret what we conceive to have
been hasty legislation in the late act of Congress, ceding
the Memphis navy-yard and appurtenances to the city of
Memphis, thereby depriving the citizens of the great valley
of the Mississippi of the benefits of a greatnational work ;
and whereas, we deem this work of equal importance to
any similar work in the eastern States, and that justice to
the citizens of the great valley of the Mississippi demands
its continuance; and whereas, the Board of Mayor and
Aldermen of Memphis believe that Congress may, at its
next session, be induced to reconsider its act ceding the
Memphis navy-yard to the eity of Memphis : Therefore,
Resolved by said Board, That, in our act receiving said
navy-yard, we fully disclaim tho design of holding it to our
own use : Provided, That Congress shall, in its wisdom,
in justice to the South and West, desire to reinstate said
yaid, not as a rope-walk alone, but as a depotof construc-
tion and equipment of Government vessels for the Navy,
we shall deem it our duty, in consideration that Congress
agree to carry out their original plan of keeping up and
cairying on a navy yard of construction atMcmphis, to rc-
coqvey the navy-yard a! Memphis, grounds, and appurte-
nances, to the General Government.
Resolved further, That the Miiyorimmediately notify the
Secretary of the Navy, at Washington city, both by mail
and telegraph, of the foregoing proceedings, with the re-
quest that he suspend the sale of the Government property
at the Memphis navy-yard, now advertised to lake place 011
the 1st of November next, until after the next meeting of
Congress in December."
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills; which were thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore:
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Thomas D. Anderson, deceased, late consul of the
United States at Tripoli;
A bill for the relief of Mrs. Ann W. Angus;
A bill fortherelief of James Erwin, of Arkansas,
and others;
A bill for the relief of Francois Cousin;
A bill authorizing the legal representatives of
Antoine Vasquez, if y polite Vasquez, Joseph Vas-
quez, and John Colligan, to enter certain lands in
Missouri;
A bill for the relief of William Duer;
A bill for the relief of C. E. Greneaux;
A bill for the relief of Susan Coody and others;
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of William Weeks;
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Uriah Prewitt, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Colonel John H. Stone;
A bill for the relief of Charles J. Porcher, act-
ing purser of the sloop-of-war Falmouth;
A bill for the relief of Purser Francis B. Stock-
ton;
A bill for the relief of Thomas Butler; and
A bill for the relief of Thomas B. Parsons.
pacific railroad.
_ Mr. G W1N. The select committee on the Pa-
cific railroad, to whom was referred the bill to
authorize and facilitate the construction of a north-
ern, a southern, and a central Pacific railroad and
magnetic telegraph through the Territories of the
United States, have directed me to report it back
with an amendment. It is in the form of a sub-
stitute for the bill which I reported at the last
session, for the construction of a railroad from
the valley of the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean.
That is the first special order which is before the
body, and X give notice that I shall, on Monday
next, move to take it up for consideration.
The same committee, to whom was referred a
bill to provide for the transportation of the mails,-
troops, seamen, military and naval stores, muni-
tions of war, funds, and other property of the
United States, from the Mississippi river to the
Pacific ocean, have instructed me to ask to be dis-
charged from its further consideration.
The motion to discharge was agreed to.
TAMPA LAND DISTRICT.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am instructed by the
Committee on. Pubiip Lands, to whom was re-
ferred the bill to amend the act to establish a land
district in the State of Florida, to be called the
district of Tampa, to report it back with a recom-
mendation that it pass. As there is great neces-
sity that the office, which was established at the
lasMsession of Congress, should be put under way,
and as I know that my friends from Florida are
very anxious for its passage, I hope the bill will
be considered now.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill. Its object is to
authorize the appointment of a register and receiver
for the district—their compensation to be the same
as is, or may be, prescribed by law for the other
land officers in the State.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
mary felch.
Mr. FOOT. The Committee on Public Lands
have had under consideration the petition of Mary
Felch, widow of Cheever Felch,a chaplain in the
United States Navy, praying for bounty land, and
have instructed me to report a bill for her relief.
The bill was read a first time by its title, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOOT. I ask tire unanimous consent of
the Senate to consider that bill now; and, upon a
simple statement of facts, no Senator, I think, will
interpose an objection to its passage. It proposes
to give a quarter section of land—one hundred and
sixty acres—as bounty land to the widow of a
chaplain in the United States Navy, who served
fourteen years—a portion of his time in the Med-
iterranean sea, a portion of it on our western
lakes, and a portion in superintending a surveying
party in Alabama and Florida; and died on his
way home, leaving this widow and six children—
all daughters—in very destitute circumstances.
That is the sum and substance of the report. It
has received the unanimous sanction of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; and I hope the bill will
be passed now.
The bill was read a second timeby unanimous
consent, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It will authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to issue to Mary Felch, widow of the
Rev. Cheever Felch, deceased, of St. Lawrence
county, New York, aland warrant for one hun-
dred and sixty acres, in consideration of her hus-
band's services as chaplain, &c., in the United
States Navy during the war of 1812 with Great
Britain.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. It was read the third time,
and passed.
dr. kane's arctic expedition.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask the favor of the Sen-
ate now to consider thejoint resolution respecting
the Arctic expedition, commanded by Passed As-
sistant Surgeon E. K. Kane. There is a special
reason for it, and I hope it will be considered at
this time.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I want to say to my friend
from Pennsylvania that I have no disposition to
interfere with the consideration of his resolution;
but I hope he will allow me to have taken up, by
common consent, the compensation bill, with the
view of simply making it the special order for half
past twelve o'clock to-morrow. Is there any ob-
jection to that?
Mr. BRODHEAD. That motion can be just
as well made after we have considered this resolu-
tion as now.
Mr. BADGER. If my friend from Pennsyl-
vania will only consider, we do not know what
will take place to prevent it, if I do not get the
opportunity to make my motion now. My bill
was made the special order for half past twelve
o'clock to-day.
Mr. HUNTER. With regard to that I have
a word to say. Two of the genera! appropriation
bills have been reported from the committee, and
ought to be acted upon. I hope no more special
orders will be made until we dispose of at least one'
of them.
Mr. BADGER. My friend from Yirginia
knows that the appropriation bills will pass the
Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. Yes; butunless they are taken
up at an early day, they will not pass in the best
manner; they may go through in a hurry.
Mr. BADGER.- Well, my bill is far more im-
portant than any appropriation bill. [Laughter.]
Mr. BRODHEAD. My friend from North
Carolina knows what patience I have exercised
in this matter.
Mr. BADGER. I wanted to help my honor-
able friend.
The PRESIDENT. The joint resolution is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
fiiir. BRODHEAD. The Committee on Naval
Affairs have instructed me to move to modify the
resolution, so as to make it read as follows;
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to procure and dispatch a suitable naval or other
steamer, and, if necessary, a tender, to the Arctic seas, for
the purpose of rescuing or affording rehefto Passed Assist-
antSurgeon E. K, Kane,of the United States Navy, and the
officers and men undei his command : Provided,That said
steamer and lender shall be officered and manned by volun-
teers from the Navy, and others who may declare their Will-
ingness to be so engaged.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. This is a proposition, if I un-
derstand it, to send another Arctic expedition in
search of one which is commanded by Doctor
Kane, in the Arctic seas. Now, sir, I very much
doubt the humanity of these expeditions. I think
the English experience is not encouraging. We
ought'to consider whether we may not be risking
valuable lives in thus sending them in various ex-
peditions to look for those who have heretofore
gone. I do not see but that it will involve a series
of expeditions. We may have to send another to
look after this one. If sp, there-may be no end to
it until there has been a great loss of life.
Mr. MALLORY. I was in hopes that the reso-
lution would have been passed without any discus-
sion; but the suggestion of the Senator from Vir-
ginia makes it necessary to say a few words in
reply; and in doing so, I willtake the opportunity
to state some facts, of which, perhaps, the Senate
may not be aware.
You recollect, sir, the noble generosity of a
merchant of New York, Mr. Gnnnell; a gener-
osity which, I think, will be gratefully remem-
bered by every liberal mind m this country; agen-
erosity, too, which, 1 think, reflects high credit on
our country at large, in enabling Doctor Kane to
fit out this expedition in search of Sir John Frank-
lin. The Navy Department, without any special
appropriation on the subject, accommodated him
to the extent of furnishing one third of the men,
all the astronomical instruments, books, and
papers necessary for the exploration, and gave
him special instructions as to the investigation of
certain scientific propositions "connected with the
Polar seas during his explorations, and instructed
him to report to that Department the result of his
investigations.
Dr. Kane started in May, 1853. His previous
explorations in search ofSir John Franklin enabled
him to form plans which certainly offered every
probability of success. He left .New York with
a party of nineteen men; and, unlike Sir John
Franklin, who was not found because those who
followed him, had 110 clue to his movements; he
has left behind him specific instructions as to how
he might be followed and discovered if lie should
remain away beyond the time when he expected
to return. The last news from him was received
on the 23d of July, 1853. He was then at Upper-,
navek, which is the extreme northern limit of the
Danish settlements in Greenland. He had there
procured a supply of sleds, Esquimaux Indians,
and dogs. The sea was open, with some two
hundred and sixteen icebergs in sight, and every-
thing appeared propitious for the success of his
undertaking. He was in high spirits. His plan
was to seek Smith's sound, the northern inlet of
Baffin's bay, and, with a stock of provisions, to
go as far north, in a direct line, as he could go,
and return to his ship, there pass the winter, and
