254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
the said Sectet?ry may require, the cost of such changes to
be ascertained by the bills actually paid therefor, and the
proper compensation for the value of the steamers, when
so taken by the United States, to be determined dy ap-
praisers to be mutually chosen by the parties, on which
basis and determination, payment shall be made for such
changes on such steamers by the Ignited States, to said
Harris, or to his assigns." .
That clause reserves the authority to the Gov-
ernment, at its discretion, to take the steamers on
paying for them; but is that a power to terminate
the contract ? Suppose the company has it in its
power to carry on the contract ?
Mr. RUSK. The very provision which the
Senator has read from the contract, gives the power
to terminate the service. I may have said termi-
nate the contract. That may not be the technical
phrase for it. But the Secretary of the Navy has,
by the terms of the contract and the law, power
to terminate the service by taking the ships. If
all the ships are taken, the service, as a matter of
course, is terminated.
Mr. MASON. That is the inference of the
Senator.
" You take my life,
When you do take the means whereby I live."
The Senator may infer that if the ships are
taken, the company could no longer continue the
service, and it would be terminated. That may or
may not be; but the power of the contractors,
when the ships are taken, to continue the service
within the terms of the contract, if they can pro-
cure other ships, so far as I can see, exists. I
say, if it is in the power of the contractors, after
the ships are taken, to continue the service with
other ships, and to comply with their contract,
they would have a right to do so as far as I know.
We must construe this contract, I suppose, in
good faith, and what is the meaning of it? With
a view to induce the Government to make it, the
idea was held out, and was afterwards incorpora-
ted into the contract, that it would be valuable to
the Government to have such ships always at
their hands in case it wanted them; and accord-
ingly the law provided, and the contract carries
it out, that the ships should be built of a certain
construction, under the superintendence of the
Secretary of the Navy, to be governed and con-
trolled by him to a certain extent, and should be
used for this mad service. It was provided that
a certain number of ships, three 1 believe, should
be built, and that during the contract, if the Gov-
ernment found it necessary to do so, it should
have the power to take the ships; but, it was
never contemplated for a moment by the contract-
ing parties, that the Government should avail
itself of that privilege, not for the direct purpose
of bringing the steamers into the service of the
Government, but for the indirect purpose of ter-
minating the contract. That was never contem-
plated, I will guarantee.
I should say, therefore, that if you did term-
inate the contract, if you exercised the power, it
would be inequitably done unless the Government,
bonaJide, wanted the ships for the public service;
but whether it wanted them or not, the contract
authorizes it to "take the ships at a valuation.
That it has a right to do within the letter of the
contract; but if it takes them, the contract is not
terminated, provided those who made the engage-
ment can yet carry it on with other ships, within
the terms of the contract; and they may have it
in their power to do so.
I have been informed by those gentlemen who
are interested in this contract that, in order to
enable them to execute it, they have been obliged
to provide a larger number of ships than the con-
tract stipulated for, to supply the place of any
that might be disabled, or which they had ill the
course of repair; and that they had been obliged
besides that to expend a very large sum of money,
amounting to $300,9U0 or $400,000 oil the Pacific
coast, where their contract exists, in the form of
workshops, places of deposit, houses, and other
buildings, involving a large sum of money to
enable them to keep their ships properly.
They have suggested that as one cause of loss
to them, which must necessarily ensue if the con-
tract is terminated by the strong hand of tiie Gov-
ernment. if that be true, and 1 beheve it is, and
we terminate the contract in the way this bill pro-
poses, I doubt very much whether a Congress
will ever be called together hereafter, which will
not find incumbent upon them a duty, from which
the conscientious disposition of their constituents
will never discharge them, to make full and ample
compensation in damages for the violation of the
contract.
But I say we have not the power to do what the
bill proposes; and I should, therefore, be reluctant
to use it. I understand the Senator from Texas
to submit his motion as a test question; and I sup-
pose those who agree with me will think that is
the best course which we can pursue to get rid of
the bill, because, in its present condition, it is the
only method we can adopt which will defeat the
obnoxious third section. The appropriations
which were intended to be made at the last session,
were not made, because the bill did not pass.
They can be made at this session, and made upon
some pending appropriation bill, without delay, I
presume. I shall, therefore, vote for the motion
of the Senator from Texas.
Mr. CLAYTON obtained the floor.
Mr. HUNTER. With the permission of the
Senator, I wish to make a single suggestion. It
is this: Perhaps time will be saved if we take the
question at once on postponing the"bill indefinitely.
Upon that I am not disposed to say anything at
present. The matter in which I feel most interested
is the question of difference between thetwo Houses
as to the notice to the owners of the Collins line
of steamers, and if the Senate refuse to postpone
the bill indefinitely, I may, perhaps, desire to be
heard on the question of notice. If the Senate
agree to the indefinite postponement, it will cutojF
all that I desire to say.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I think it is
a very fortunate thing that this bill did not pass at
. the last session of Congress. The question now
before the Senate clearly involves the honor of this
Government and the faith of Congress. The con-
l| tract to which the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Muson] alludes is clear and distinct in its terms.
Congress has no right to annul the contract except
according to the stipulations contained in the in-
strument. They were, that, at the next session of
| Congress after the contract was made, it might be
I annulled; but there was no authorization given in
j the instrument to any subsequent Congress to
| annul that contract. If we were to proceed to do
it, we should, in my judgment, show the extreme
of bad faith towards these parties; and if 1 were
the bitterest enemy of the contractors, I would
not, under any circumstances, consent to get rid
of the contract in this manner.
Sir, even at the next succeeding session of Con-
gress after the contract was made, in my opinion,
if the question had been presented whether the
contract should be annulled or not, Congress ought
to have acted itself, and not delegated the power
to decide that question to the Attorney General,
Postmaster General, or anybody else. The reser-
vation of power to annul was to Congress alone;
and it is that species of power which ought never
to be delegated. But here, after that session of
Congress has passed, we are asked to consent, not
that Congress shall annul it dtrcctly, not that it
shall be annulled by Congress, as the contract pro-
vided, or even by a subsequent Congress, but that
it shall be annulled by agents appointed by a Con-
gress which itself had no power to annul it. I
I truut, sir, 1 hat without any division among us-, we
1 shall consent, to indefinitely postpone this bill, in
!l order that, we may take up the whole subject here-
' I after, and do justice to the parties, taking special
|i care not to dishonor this Government. 1 am for
| the motion or the Senator from Texas.
| Mr. WELLElt. There is, no doubt, such a
;j clause in the contract as was read by the Senator
| from Virginia; but there was also a clause in it
, which requited that these vessels, which were to
| be used in the transportation of toe mails, should
] be so constructed tint they c.iuld be readtly con-
; verted into steamships of war. It was, therefore,
, an object which the Government had in malting
! the contracts, to induce the persons who agreed
j to transport the mail in ocean steamers, to con-'
struct the ships in such a manner that they could
be_readtly used, if necessary, for war purposes.
; The notice contained in the third section of this
| bili provides that the contracts shall be termin-
I ated, if', in the opinion of three officers who are
, named, it can be done legallv. Thcie is no one
here who proposes to deprive, these persons of
j their contracts. Bat for the discovery of gold in
j California, the contract for carrying the mails
| from Panama to San Francisco and Astoria,
,i would have been most ruinous to the contractors;
and I am willing that they shall be amply rewarded
for all the risk which they ran at that time in en-
tering into the contract. But suppose, sir, these
vessels had not been constructed in conformity
with the contracts; suppose none of them are now
fitted for war purposes if they should be required
by the Government for such purposes,- then, I ap-
prehend, legally, under the contract, it can be ter-
minated on notice being given. By the provision
of the contract which has been read by the Sena-
tor from Virginia, without the assignment of any
reason at all, it might have been terminated at the
succeeding session of Congress. If, however, it
is found that they have not complied with their
contract, then, I apprehend, the provision which
was alluded to by the Senator comes in, and,
upon a fair valuation of this property, it can be
taken by the Government, and the contract itself
terminated. It is very unfortunate, so far as Cali-
fornia is concerned; because, by the terms of that
contract, we have a semi-monthly mail at $730,000
a year; whereas, if it were now out of the way, we
could readily procure a weekly mail for $000,000
per annum; so that, but for httle more than one
half what we now pay for a semi-monthly mail,
we could obtain a weekly mail from New York
to Oregon, by way of San Francisco. But, sir,
nobody desires to terminate the contract in such a
way as to inflict wrong on these parties. I^would
not consent myself to terminate the contract, except
on paying them full and ample compensation for
all the vessels which they have constructed under
the contract.
Mr. CLAYTON. I only wish to add, that,
whether the vessels are, or are not, what was
expected of them, this Government has accepted
them; and having accepted them, whether they
were according to the original plan or not, it is
precluded from making any objections to ths
plan which itself has accepted.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I do not desire
to detain the Senate on this question; I wish only
to express my gratification at what has been said
by honorable Senators. It will be recollected
that this bill was before the Senate at the last
business night of the last session. By the read-
ing of the bill this morning, it appears I was
appointed as one of the committee of conference
on it. It had become my duty to examine these
questions, and to understand them fully; and
reference to the proceedings will show that I voted
against the third section on a motion to strike it
out. 1 believe, as the honorable Senator from
Virginia has said, that it is violative of the true
! principles of the contract and common justice,
and I deemed it my duty on that occasion, in
every way which was justifiable, to prevent the
passage of this bill. 1 only rose at this time to
express my gratification that the attention of hon-
orable and distinguished Senators had been called
to it; that we were now about to do what we
were upon the very eve of preventing at that
time—-justice to all these people. Now, I have no
doubt that, if the Senate adopts the motion, and
indefinitely postpones this bill, we can bring up
: every question connected with these lines of
| steamers—both those referred to in the third sec-
J tion and those referred to in the notice—and
| dispose of them in such a manner as to do ampia
; justice to the individuals concerned, while we
maintain the honor of the Government. 1 hope
I to see it done, sir.
j Mr. BRODHEAD. I shall vote for the indefi-
< nite postponement of the bill, because I believe
, both questions can be better considered either in a
separate bill or upon another appropriation bill
; during the present session. Upon that ground I
i vote for the postponement, without committing
myself on the other question.
j Air. BENJAMIN. I will merely call the atten-
| tion of the Senate to the fact that this third sec-
i tion met, with such strong opposition on the night
of tne 3d of August, when it was discussed at our
last session, that repeated efforts were made to
; strike it out, not only in whole, burin detai',and
upon no occasion then was there present in the
■ Senate more than a bare quorum. The first ollri't
made was upon my motion to strike out from the
third section the words, "from New Yoiit to
Liverpool, from New YosIt, via Southampton, to
Bremen, and from New York, vie Cowes, to
. Havre and back." It was determined in the nega-
j tive—yeas 16, nays 17— by one majority of a bare
1 quorum of the Senate.
