1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
The next motion was by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, who has just spoken. That Senator
Moved to strike out the whole of the third section.
" That was lost, only thirty-three members voting,
a bare quorum—yeas 14, and nays 19. Finally,
on the motion made by the Senator from Texas,
[Mr. Rusk,] to strike out the notice, there was
again a vote of but thirty-two members of the
Senate—yeas 17, nays 15.
It is obvious, by a reference to these figures, that
the Senate has had no fair opportunity of pronounc-
ing its decision, as a Senate, on the questions in-
volved in this bill, which involve the, national faith
and honor; I shall, therefore, vote for the-indefi-
nite postponement of the bill.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, these contracts
were made under the authority of Congress.
These vessels were built in accordance with those
contracts, under the superintendence of the Navy
Department. They have been accepted by the
Government, and have performed the duties de-
volved on them by the contract, for a series of
years. Now, if-1 understand the third section of
this bill, it proposes that, without our forming an
opinion on the subject, whether the other contract-
ing parties have performed the contract, as made
by them, and without investigation, we shall com-
mit to three of our own officers the power, if they
see fit, to break up this contract. I concur with
the honorable Senator from Delaware, that it is a
question of public faith—a question which, in my
apprehension, rises infinitely above any pecuniary
consideration. It is this consideration which
decides my vote. I am in favor of the motion of
the Senator from Texas, not because of any ob-
jection to the notice upon which the two Houses
have differed, but on the ground that I wouid pre-
serve the public faith, and abide by the contracts
of this Government, at whatever pecuniary sacri-
fice.
Mr. BROWN. I am as much in favor of ob-
serving the public faith as my friend from Con-
necticut; but, if I understand the transaction, faith
has not been preserved on the part of the owners
of these ships. They were required, as has been
already suggested by my friend from California,
to build ships which should be easily convertible
into war steamers. Have they done that? Is
there any pretence that they have done it? I rec-
ollect that at the opening of the last session of
Congress, a document was laid on our tables from
the Navy Department, showing that tin investiga-
tion had been made as to the capacity of these
ships for war purposes, and that a naval board
had unconditionally condemned the whole of them.
This is the first time when Congress has been
called upon to act on the subject since that report
v/as sent in. We might very well have concluded,
without such a report, that the vessels had been
built according to contract; but, being officially
notified from the proper Department, from the same
Department under whose auspices these contracts
were made, that they have not been complied with,
ought not Congress to take notice of the fact that
there has been no compliance on the part of the
builders of the ships ? The distinguished Senator
from Delaware says, that whether they were built
in compliance with contract or not, we accepted
them. How did we accept them ? Was Congress
ever consulted as to whether they should be ac-
cepted ? They were built. Jt was said they were
built in compliance of contract. They entered into
the service under the direction of th'e Navy Depart-
ment, but getting an idea that they had not been
built according to contract, the Secretary of the
Navy instituted an investigation into that fact, and
ascertaining that there had not been a compliance
with the contract, he brought the subject to the
attention of Congress. Ought we not to notice
that fact at the first time when we are called upon
to say that the contract is binding and valid'
Mr. TOUCEY. In reply to my friend from
Mississippi, I would say that we are not now de-
bating the question, whether these contractors have
kept the contract. Congress is not called upon to
pass on that question; and if we were, I should
say to him that these vessels were built according
to the instructions of the Government at the time,
not variant from the contract. The parties con-
structing these vessels followed the directions of
the Department, and after having built them in
compliance with the views of the Government,
and the instructions received, they were accepted.
N ot only the Executive, but the Legislative branch
of the Government, has acted upon the hypothesis
that they were built in accordance with the con-
tract, as well as with the understanding of the
Government as to that contract at the time.
Now, sir, we live in an age of progress; we live
in a fast age; and if, after the lapse of six or seven
years, from the new light thrown upon the sub-
ject, it appears that there are better modes of pro-
viding for the public service, and that these ves-
sels will not answer the precise purpose for which
they were intended, is that a reason why we
should break up a contract which we have made ?
I am opposed to anysueh course as that. lam
very glad to hear that the honorable Senator from
Mississippi will stand by the good faith of the
Government as firmly as any of us.
Mr. GWIN. I do not think this bill is in the
proper form to accomplish the object which I, at
least, desire. I am very anxious to establish a
weekly line of steamers to California, and I have no
doubt we can do it for the sum now paid for the
semi-monthly line. I believe a bill can be matured
and brought forward for that purpose which will
meet the views of the contractors as well as of the
Government, and that wecan accomplish that object
before this session closes. I am not in favor of
the passage of this bill in its present form. At
the same time, I believe the objects which are
desired by most of the advocates of the bill can
be accomplished by a new bill, which can be pro-
cured during the present session. I shall, there-
fore, vote for the indefinite postponement of this
measure, with the hope that some arrangement
may be made by which we shall have a weekly
mail to California.
Mr. DIXON. I desire to inquire of the hon-
orable Senator from California if there is any
evidence before the Senate that the contract has
not been complied with, or that the vessels which
have been built in pursuance of contract have not
been made in conformity with its requirements?
Mr. WELLER. I do not know that I under-
stand the Senator precisely.
Mr. DIXON. I desire to know whether or
not there is any proof before the Senate that the
vessels were not made in conformity with the
contract?
Mr. WELLER. I understood my friend from
Mississippi to refer to a report made at the last
session of Congress by the Secretary of the Navy,
in which he says these vessels have not been con-
structed so that they can boused for war purposes.
I do not recollect, myself, looking into that report.
I know it has been generally represented to be
the fact, that they have not been constructed in
such a way that they could be used for war pur-
poses. Whether that be the fact or not, I do not
know. -
Mr. BROWN. 1 will answer the question of
my niend from Kentucky. At the last session of
Congress there was a printed paper laid on our
tables, showing that an investigation had been
made into the question of the convertibility of
these ships into war steamers, and that a board of
Navy officers had determined that they could not
be so converted. Not expecting this debate to
come up, I have not the paperbefore me.
Mr. RUSK. That question is not before the
Senate, anu we cannot reach it at all on this bill.
What relates to it has passed both Houses of
Congress. We cannot offeran amendment to the
third section: and, therefore, it is a useless con-
sumption of time to debate it. I take issue with
the honorable Senator from Mississippi on the
question. I can show him that these vessels were
built under the direction of the Navy Department,
and that some of the best officers in the Navy ap-
proved of them. But that question is not now
ij before us. The indefinite postponement of this
| bill does not conclude that question at all. In fact
I) it opens the entire subject, so that all the facts
i can come before the Senate. On this motion, that
point is not legitimately before us. It is a con-
sumption of time to discuss it when the Senate is
incapable, from the manner in which the bill is
j before it, from acting on the subject at all.
! Mr. DIXON. Still the whole subject is before
| the Senate, and under their control, and they of
| course will act upon it according to their discre-
tion. I understand from Senators that, there is
| a difference of opinion as to whether there is any
; evidence establishing the fact that the contract has
| not been complied with in the building of the ves-
| sels which the contracting parties stipulated to
build. The honorable Senators who favor the in-
definite postponement of this' bill say, that the
contract was complied with, and that the vessels
were built according to the agreement. Those op-
posed to the postponement, maintain the converse
of this proposition. Now, sir, admitting that the
question is fairly and legitimately before the Sen-
ate as to whether that contract was, or was not
complied with, still the question recurs as to the
power of Congress to annul the contract as it now
stands, the fact of the non-compliance being con-
ceded.
I think the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason]
was correct in the position he assumed that this
contract had to be annulled at the specified time
mentioned in the law under which it was made,
or that notice should have been given at the speci-
fied time, by Congress, of its purpose to annul it.
If that was not done within the time prescribed by
the contract, or by the act under which it was
made, then to my mind it is clear that any attempt
now to annul it after the time specified is in dero-
gation of the rights of the parties, and a violation
of good faith on the part of the Government with
its citizens. It appears to me that this Govern-
ment, as party to a contract, cannot take upon
itself the right of setting it aside without the con-
sent of the other party. It may be, and perhaps
is, the fact that you cannot compel the Grovern-
ment to comply with any contract it may think
proper to make with a citizen; but, nevertheless,
there is a great principle which should influence
Governments, as well as citizens.—I refer to the
principle of honor. That principle of honor
should be more binding on the Government than,
even, on the citizen, to comply with any engage-
ment into which it may enter with its citizens.
The Government should be the fountain of
honor, and those who fill high places should, by
their example in the discharge of their official
duties, enlighten the people on the necessity of
observing and keeping in good faith both moral and
legal obligations, as well to themselves as to the
Government. But if the Government forgets her
obligations to the citizens, how can she expect the
citizens to observe theirs to her ? Let the Gov-
ernment not corrupt its citizens by becoming cor-
rupt itself, and setting to them bad examples.
Let it not cause them to become treacherous by
first proving itself false and faithless to them.
If this Government is to make contracts with
its citizens, and then violate and disregard them at
pleasure, it proclaims to the people of this Repub-
lic that they, too, have the right to disregard the
moral obligations of contracts, and violate them
whenever they may think proper, provided they
can escape the coercive power of the law. I am
not in favor of any such precedent as this. I am
opposed to the Government acting in bad faith
with the citizen in any respect; and I never will, by
any word or deed of mine, either publicly or pri-
vately, countenance, on the part of this Govern-
ment, any act which would be degrading to the
citizen, if committed by him, as it would be de-
moralizing to the nation, if done by the Govern-
ment.
Sir, I do not think that the power to annul these
contracts now belongs to Congress. There was
a time when such power might have been exer-
cised. That time has passed, and it is now too
late to exercise it.
But, sir, I am in favor of the indefinite postpone-
ment of thebillon another ground. It is proposed
to delegate the power of annulling the contract to
a different agent than Congress; and I understand
that, according to the provisions of the law under
which the contract was made, this was a discre-
tion to be exercised by Congress alone. To give
this discretion to any body but that designated in
the law would be an evident departure from the
plain, express terms of the contract, which was
made in pursuance of the law. Congress was the
body to exercise its discretion in determining
whether the contract should be set-aside or not,
and it would be acting in bad faith to the parties
to transfer, without, the consent of all concerned,
such discretion to anybody else. I never will
consent to give the power to any other persons
than those to whom, under the contract, it was
intended to be given, and to whom, in fact, it was
given.
Sir, I did not rise to discuss this question. I
agree, partly, with the Senator from Texas, that,
perhaps, it is not-proper now to discuss it. I
