258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
necessarily impede the judgment of the Supreme
Court, as it must ultimately prevail. I will state,
in but very few words, what would be its practi-
cal operation as it seems to me. Suppose a case
is commenced in the district court by writ, an
action of trespass, to try title, or an ejectment, or
a suit to recover a bond, or a case wliere, for any
other cause, you are not likely to recover judg-
ment before a year has elapsed; and if there is
anything in the defense, you know very well it
would be postponed upon a motion. Then, sir,
you carry it up to this intermediate court, which
meets but once a year, and can meet but once a
year. There is another year lost. It is very
probable that the dockets of those courts might be
crowded, and it may be that one of those cases
carried there for the purpose of delay, would not
be reached in three years. Then you carry it up
to the Supreme Court, and you would have it
another year there. Thus a party, having a plain
bond or note, could not recover judgment in less
than four years under the ordinary operation of
that system; in not less than three years certainly;
butl would go so far as to say four years. It
may very well be said that such a court is an
intermediate tribunal. I think it is a court for
the arrest of judgment. That, it seems to me, is
about the true state of the case. It is a very con-
venient court to impede the judgment which must
ultimately prevail.
I have a radical objection to such a tribunal.
Why, sir, in the ordinary administration of jus-
tice, is it not probable that there would be a division
of opinion in a court composed of six judges?
What party, under such circumstances, would not
carry nis case to the Supreme Court ? It is said
it will arrest appeals and prevent cases coming to
the Supreme Court, because they will be decided
in the intermediate court by a tribunal of sufficient
authority to reconcile the parties to the judgment.
We know that is not the effect. Parties are not
going to be reconciled to any judgment of any in-
termediate court, if they think they have justice
in their cause, and they find the court divided.
Sir, do you suppose it might not be divided? Or-
dinarily, we know that litigation commences in
division of opinion between parties themselves;
counsel are employed, and perhaps they differ.
Suppose you carry a case to such a court; and
this congress of inferior judges (I do not use the
term invidiously; I speak in the language of the
Constitution, for district judges are " inferior "
judges,) entertain some local opinion of law—I
will not say sectional prejudice, which does not
prevail in the United States generally—and that
judgment should be given by the district judges in
opposition to the presiding Justice of the Supreme
Court. Why, sir, there is an adversary contest
immediately. Suppose with that array of author-
ity of this intermediate court, the question should
be brought to the Supreme Court; at once you in-
troduce into the judicial judgments the very ele-
ments of diversity. They could not agree.
My objection would be greater than that. You
propose to give to this court important authority.
Then suppose a series of decisions made in one
part of the United States by one of these inferior
courts, which never reach the Supreme Court,
upon constitutional and important questions; and
after the lapse of eight or ten years, the points
which had been acquiesced in, and laid down as
authority by this intermediate court, should be
brought up to the Supreme Court. If they were
wrong, it would impose upon the Supreme Court
a duty of reversal, which, perhaps, it might not
be willing to undertake with the weight of popular
opinion, and the weight of the judgment of this
intermediate court against it. If the judgment of
the Supreme Court should be against the decision
below, it would unsettle the law of the case, and
there would always be uncertainty as to what
would be the opinion of the Supreme Court. The
opinion of that tribunal would always be a matter
of con jecture with parties.
My friend from Illinois may say there is no danger
on this point, because all constitutional questions
will be carried up to the Supreme Court. I tell
him it is not so. When the amount is small,
parties will not pay large fees to lawyers to bring
their cases to the highest tribunals recognized by
the Constitution of the country, merely to estab-
lish a principle. The effect would be, that many
cases which would be brought before this inter-
mediate court, if the amount was not sufficient to
authorize carrying it to the Supreme Court—but
where a mere abstract constitutional principle was
involved—would never receive the authoritative
decision of the high tribunal, contemplated by the
Constitution itself, to decide such questions.
Mr. President, I go further, and I say, that if
the court below should be unanimous, with the
concurrence of the Supreme Court Judge, and the
judgment should be wrong—and tnere is no
human tribunal infallible—1 should more dread
the unanimous opinion of that court upon some
constitutional questions, than almost any other
power; because, if the unanimous opinion of this
intermediate court of district judges coming up
here to the Supreme Court, were reversed, it
would give rise almost to a popular controversy;
and instead of the Supreme Court being a tribunal
to decide merely upon law, you would have that
court converted into a political deliberative body,
to hear those appeals which would be made from
the judiciary and the bar in the neighborhood in
which the judgment was given.
My opinion is, that by this plan you send a
Supreme Court Judge into the circuits to mingle
with his adversaries at the beginning, with those
who may regard him with some suspicion or jeal-
ousy. Some of them might consider him as a
superior, or they might have, perhaps, a tempta-
tion to overrule him; and thus the authority of
the Supreme Court Judge (although he might not
be equal to some other judge in ability) would
be impaired so far as it contributes to settle the
Constitution, and the great rights of parties under
the Constitution as the court is now organized.
If he should come here to the Supreme Court
with a majority against him, his authority here
would be impaired; his authority there would be
impaired; his general authority, as contemplated
by the Constitution, would be impaired.
But, sir, who are the judges that are to be re-
garded as dignified enough to take cognizance of
those great questions which will embarrass the
administration of public justice ? I do not speak
invidiously; but I must say that they have never
passed this ordeal as having such authority. And
when they were confirmed by the Senate, as nom-
inated to it by the President, under the authority
of his constitutional obligations, these judges were
not nominated,nor did we confirm them, except
in reference to an extremely limited jurisdiction,
and one which could always be corrected by having
a Judge of the Supreme Court sitting with them
as a circuit court, or, as my friend from Connec-
ticut calls it, " an intermediate court," though I
do not so regard it. It has always been under-
stood that an appeal could come directly here
within a limited time, and it would come with none
of the armor which will be thrown over the judg-
ment of the proposed intermediate court. By this
proposition, it seems to me, you give to the inter-
mediate court an influence over popular opinion
which was never contemplated by the Constitu-
tion, and you give it in such a way as to derogate
from the authority of the Supreme Bench, which
is supposed to be competent for, and which has
been organized in reference to, the settlement of
grave constitutional and legal questions.
I did not intend, at this time, to go even as fully
as I have gone into these matters. I wished my
friend from Illinois to mention, in the first place,
his reasons for the proposition, before answering i
them. I know that both of us are inclined to set- '
tie upon some system; and I will say to him that,
if his substitute shall prevail, I will, in good faith,
mature it as I best can, by taking it into fair con-
sideration; and in the committee I would agree to
refer it to the Senator from Missouri, who is con-
sidered its friend; or, at any rate, I will promise
that it shall have no adversary influence to mar it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I am certain
that if it be referred to the Judiciary Committee,
it will have an impartial,fair, and critical examin-
ation, by that committee, and especially by the
learned chairman. It is with exceeding diffidence
that I differ from him on this question, orpresume
to express an opinion at variance with his; but I
am not able to see the force of the objection which
he makes against what he calls the intermediate
court. He objects first, that it will delay busi-
ness. Let us look at that. Now, a case is decided
in the district court; an appeal is taken to the cir-
cuit court, and from the circuit court to the Su-
preme Court. Under the substitute, it will be
decided in the district court, an appeal taken to
the court of appeals, and then to the Supreme
Court. There will be the same number of appeals,
therefore, under the substitute as under his sys-
tem, according to his own theory. Hence, the
whole objection which he makes to the number of
appeals, and the delay, under this substitute,
applies with the same force to his own system;
and, consequently, I do not see the application of
that argument as against the substitute now pro-
posed.
Again, he objects that the district judges were
appointed for a local jurisdiction, and not with
that dignity which would be imposed on them
when they were members of the proposed court
of appeals, sitting upon an equality with a Judge
of the Supreme Court. Let us examine whether
that be so. Each of the district judges lias been
appointed under the existing laws, which provide
that, on an appeal from his decision to the circuit
court, he shall sit there with a Judge of the Su-
preme Court, constituting the circuit court, on an
exact and perfect equality. The decision, there-
fore, of the district judge is made, under existing
laws, equal to the opinion of the Supreme Judge
when sitting and holding a circuit court. This
substitute only puts him by the side of the same
Supreme Judge, with whom he would have sat
under the system which has heretofore been in
operation. It does not, therefore, raise him to
any higher grade. The difference which it makes
is, that it brings up six district judges to sit by
the side of one Supreme Judge, instead of making
that Supreme Judge go and sit by the side of those
six district judges in six different places. They
are to sit by the side of each other with the same
authority, with "the power to overrule or affirm
decisions, with the same weight attached to their
opinions; but under the old system the Supreme
Judge would have to hold his court in the six
different districts, making two terms in each, or
twelve terms a year. Under this system he goes
into that one circuit, and all the district judges
come to him, and they sit together and hold court
once a year; but their relation to each other
while holding the court, will be precisely the same
under the substitute as under the old system.
The dignity of the two sets of judges remains pre-
cisely the same; the authority attached to the
opinion of either remains precisely the same.
Hence, I do not perceive the force of the argument,
that we are elevating the district judges to a posi-
tion higher than that for which they were com-
missioned, or that we are reducing the Judges of
the Supreme Court to a lower grade than they
held by the law under which they were appointed.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope my friend will allow
me to put my proposition in its true light?
Mr. DOUG-LAS. With pleasure.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not think I said what the
Senator ascribes to me. If I did, it was not what
I meant. I said that the Senator proposed to con-
stitute a tribunal of perhaps six judges, with a
dignity and authority different from what would
be possessed by a single judge.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is an argument in favor
of my substitute. One point which I make is,
that the weight of authority in the intermediate
appellate tribunal which I propose to create ia
greater than in the courts established under the
old system. Therein consists its advantage; and
the reason for this I will state. At present, when
you appeal from the district to the circuit court,
the appeal comes from the district judge to the
same judge and one Judge of the Supreme Court.
There is very little weight of authority in that
appeal, for the reason that if they differ, there is
no decision, and the case is certified to the Supreme
Court; and if they agree, there was no necessity
for the appeal. Then, as the matter stands at
present, there is an appeal from the district court
to a tribunal which has but little weight of author-
ity, if any efficiency at all. I wish to change this
system, and to establish courts of appeal cn the
plan indicated in my amendment, because there
will be great weight and authority attached to
the decisions of such a court composed of six dis-
trict judges, with one Judge of the Supreme Court
presiding. I think it will stop a great many ap-
peals which now come to the Supreme Court, and
thus relieve that tribunal from having its docket
crowded with small and unimportant cases. It is
for this very reason that there is great merit, as I
conceive, in the substitute over the present system.
Sir, I shall not take up time in arguing this
