1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
their object is. Let them see whether there are
any doubts as to their meaning or intention.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The resolutions have been
read; we understand their general purport; and I
rise for the'purpose of making an inquiry or two
of the honorable Senator from Arkansas.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator indulge me,
and allow me to submit a motion to postpone the
subject, with a view of going into Executive ses-
sion ?
Several Senators. The resolutions have not
yet been taken up.
Mr. MASON. Then, by general consent let
them be passed over, or let the Senator withdraw
his motion, and ellowusto have an Executive ses-
sion. We laid aside the judiciary bill, with the
understanding that we should go into Executive
session. These resolutions, it is evident, will pro-
voke debate, and delay us.
Mr. JOHNSON. X have withdrawn this mat-
ter over and over again, and I cannot do so any
more. It requires no debate. Ifgentlemen would
allow members of committees to discharge the
clear and distinct duties devolved on them, about
which there is no doubt here, business would be
conducte ! in a much better manner. In regard to
this question, no person who has any connection
with it in this House, or in the other, objects to
the measure which I have proposed. 1 cannot
withdraw my motion. I should be glad toaccom-
modate the honorable Senator if 1 could.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ac-
cordingly proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the joint resolutions providing
for the engravinj, lithographing, and publishing
of drawings, maps, charts, and other papers for
Confess
Mr. BRODHEAD. My friend from Arkansas
haa said, that this is a small matter; but, sir.it
strikes me that it is a matter involving a consid-
erable amount of money, and a considerable
amount of power. I do not understand the evil
which is complained of, and which is to be reme-
died. These resolutions propose to substitute the
Superintendent of Public Printing for the Secre-
tary of the Senate and the Engraving Committee
of the other House, for, if 1 understand the matter,
this service is now performed by the Secretary of
the Senate, and by the committee of the House of
Representatives. My friend from Arkansas, on
behalf of the Committee on Printing, proposes to
change this system, and to confer the power upon
the Superintendent of the Public Printing. Why ?
Has the committee of the House of Representa-
tives, or the Secretary of the Senate, neglected or
refused to do the duty ? I should like to know
how that is. !
My friend from Arkansas has informed the j
Senate that this measure is proposed with the con- j
currence of the Secretary of the Senate. That !
may be, but it is not for that officer to say whether !
he concurs ordoes notconcurinany such measure. I
It is his business to execute such orders as he may 1
receive from the Senate, and 1 therefore take it for j
granted that it wiuld be indelicate in him to say !
whether he desired to perform this duty or not.
lie may be anxious to get clear of it. The Super-
intendentof Public Printing has very large powers
now; he has a great deal of business before him;
and at the last session we gave him power to
appoint two additional clerks. Now,ifanyof the
gentlemen who have heretofore had this business !
in charge have either neglected to do their duty, i
or cannot perform it as well as the Superintendent i
of Public Printing, I should like to know the fact. I
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, during this j
debate I have had an opportunity of looking at
the provisions of the joint resolutions, and of cor- ,
recting an impression which was made on my j
mind by their firat reading. I had supposed that j
they were joint resolutions proposing to take this ;
power from the Secretary of the Senate, and to j
vest it in the Superintendent of Public Printing; j
but! lind, by the provisions of the resolutions, that
although this work isto be placed under the direc- |
tion of the Superintendent, his actions are to be j
under the control and supervision of the Commit- \
tee on Printing of the Senate. I do not see, there- 5
fore, how this power can beabused by the Super- ,
intendent of Public Printing; because, whenever
the Senate sees proper to order a chart or a map
to be published, that work is to be done by the
Superintendent of Public Printing, under the direc-
tion and control'-o'f the Commi'te® cm Printing of
I this body. I cannot see, then, how any injury or
J inconvenience can result to any one. The Super-
j intendent will always be under the direction and
■ supervision of the appropriate committee of the
i Senate. That i3 the whole proposition.
Now, sir, I have attained what I desired at the
Outset, the opportunity of looking into the pro-
visions of the resolutions, because I am not will-
ing to take things here in a generous confidence.
Although 1 have as much respect for the Com-
mittee on Printing as any Senator on this floor;
yet, as I have in the past committed someblunders
in voting for bills for which I ought not to have
voted, 1 desire to have an opportunity of looking
before I leap.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, if the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania had observed the
statements which were made when this subject
was before the Senate, on previous occasions, I
think he would have had more knowledge of the
subject than he seems to have had on this occa-
sion. In the first place, the resolutions do not
propose to interfere with the rights of any com-
mittee, either of this body or the other House. In
the meetings of the joint Committee on Printing
of the two Houses, that was a matter of contest,
and it was feared by some members of the House
committee that they would be treated with disre-
spect; or they thought, at least, that the usefulness
of their committee would be impaired, and that
thereby the committee might itself be annulled.
That difficulty, however, has been satisfactorily
settled; but we have stricken out of the resolutions
that provision authorizing the committee to step
outside the Halls of Congress and enter into a
contract with individuals for the work. When
you admit the power of a member of this, or the
I other House, to walk out of the Halls of Congress
1 and make contracts in regard to our business
transactions, involving the expenditure of money,
you subject him to a degrading business, if not to
one which may lead to corruption, from favorit-
ism if not from worse considerations. Now, sir,
that was one evil which we designed to prevent,
not that any such thing had ever taken place, but
, I present it merely as a consideration which
! would strike the mind of gentlemen at once, as a
I temptation which ought to be removed.
! As matters stand, at present, a book containing
maps and charts, which is ordered to be printed,
is put in the hands of one committee, as far
as the engraving is concerned, and into the hands
of another committee aa far as the printing is
concerned. In the Senate, the Superintendent of
Public Printing takes charge of letting printing
contracts, and the Secretary of the Senate takes
charge of letting engraving contracts. In the
House of Representatives, the Committee on Print-
ing takes charge of that printing which goes to
the Superintendent of Public Printing, and the
Committee on Engraving takes charge of the
engraving. In the Senate, the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the body settles the bills, and adjudicates and
determines the validity of the contracts.
Thus the whole matter is in great confusion, so
that if you make an order at this session for doc-
uments to be distributed to the people, when do
you get them ? Why, sir, as to a very larze por-
tion, you do not get them at all; and instead of
their being printed during the session of Congress
at which they are ordered, and being delivered to
members for distribution during that session, they
are not completed sometimes until the next Con-
gress thereafter; and then the President of this
body, and the Speaker of the House are called
upon to decide whether books, which were ordered
for distribution by previous Congresses, belong to
the members of the Congress ordering them, or to
those who are members of Congress at the time
they are completed who did not order them, and
who perhaps never would have ordered them, and
who may not distribute them.
The object of these joint resolutions was to con-
centrate this business as nearly as possible in the
hands of a responsible officer, so that it should i|
be done promptly and rapidly, and the public doc- j
uments delivered during the session of Congress,
if possible, but at least before the next Congress
should assemble. That has not been done here-
tofore; it is to be hoped that, by means of these
resolutions, it may be done hereafter. If they be not
agreed to, I shall have a service thrown upon me,
as a msimb'sr of the Commitue on Printing, which
is a troublesome and unwelcome one at best; but
I will try again, and see whether it cannot be done
in the future. I hope, however, that this remedy
will be applied now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger.)
The Chair understands that the Senator from Ar-
kansas proposed as a substitute for the joint reso-
lutions, those which have been read.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CASS. I do not know how it is with other
members, but I can say for myself that I havs
only received a small partof the second volume of
the Patent Office report for 1853. There is an in-
tolerable delay somewhere. The President's mes-
sage ought to go to the country soon after its
delivery. It loses much of its value by delay, and
yet we do not get it for distribution until six months
or a year after it is sent to Congress.
The amendment offered as a substitute, was
agreed to; the joint resolutions were reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The joint resolutions as amended, were
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, were
read a third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and after some time spent therein, the dooja were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 15, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henrt Sltcer.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a report
from the Department of State, in compliance with
law, showing the number of employees in that
Department, pay, &c.; which, on motion by Mr.
Houston, was laid on the table, and ordered to be
prin ted.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, submitting additional estimates of
appropriations for the Territory of Kansas; which,
on motion by Mr. Houston-, was referred to the
Committee of Ways arid Means, and ordered to
be printed.
Also, a communication from the Department of
the Interior, submitting a statement of additional
estimates for appropriations for the Indian ser-
vice; which, on motion by Mr. Hocstok, was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting a statement of the expenses of
the military establishment during the year 1854;
which, on motion by Mr. Houston, was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed."'''
Also, a further communication from the War
Department, transmitting a statement of the ex-
penses of the national armories, &c., for the year
ending the 30th June, 1854; which, on motion by
Mr. Haven, was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled an act for the
relief of the administrator of Thomas Wishart;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Speaker.
Mr. HUNT, on leave, introduced the following
resolution; which was read and adopted:
Resolved, Thru the Secretary of War -be instructed to
report to this House whether anv, and, if any, what mili-
tary defenses are necessary at Proctor's I.anding, at the
terminus of (he Mexican Gulf railway, in Louisiana, for
the protection of the country.
Mr. WALLEY, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced the following bills; which were
severally read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce:
A bill making an appropriation for continuing
the sea-wall for the protection of Great Brewster
Island, in the harbor of Boston, Massachusetts.
Also, a bill making an appropriation for the re-
pairs of the sea-walls on Deer Landing and Low-
ell's Island, in Boston harbor, Massachusetts.
Mr. MILLER, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill making appropriation to con-
tinue the improvements on the Ohio and Missis-
sippi rivers; which was read a first and second
time by its till®, and referred to this Committee on
Commerce.
