264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January*15,
Mr. McDOUGALL obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Cali-
fornia will permit me, I will suggest that some
order should be made, or some general agreement
come to as to the length pf to-day'ssession. Some
time has been unfortunately lost, and I suppose
we: could, by agreement, remain in session until
late this evening, or have an evening session in
committee.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think myself that it is
necessary that there should bean evening session,
in order tat the discussion on the bill under con-
sideration may be completed by gentlemen who
ore prepared to engage in it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr.Bayly] did not yield the floor to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] but
yielded for.a motion to go into committee. Is it
the pleasure of the gentleman from California that
the gentleman from Illinois be allowed to submit
his-motion?
Mr. RICHARDSON. If it gives rise to any
discussion, I will withdraw it.
..Mr. LETCHER. I wish to make an inquiry
of the Chair, in order that we may understand
the position of this matter. If the House goes
into committee now, will this question come up
to-morrow morning?
The SPEAKER. As a matter of privilege, it
will come up at any moment in the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It has precedence over
everything.
'Mr. HOUSTON. Would it be competent for
us, by general eonsent, to agree to take a recess
in committee from three J.0 six, or half past six
o'clock this evening?
[Cries of " No !" " No !"]
Mr. McDOUGALL. I yield to the gentleman
from Illinois.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the 20th,
30th, and 31st of this month, and the 1st of Feb-
ruary, be set apart for the consideration of terri-
torial business.
Mr. HOUSTON. What days of the week are
those ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Monday, Tuesday,
Wednesday, and Thursday—four days.
Mr..HOUSTON. I shall object, unless the
gentleman will substitute Friday and Saturday
for Monday and Tuesday.
Mr. MACE. If he does that, I shall object.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The committee were of
the opinion that it would take a week to dispose
of the territorial business. I believe, however,
that we can dispose of most of that business in
four days, and in order to accommodate every
person, and to economise time, I ask for only four
days. The gentleman from Alabama will gam
nothing by objecting to my motion, for if I were
to conform to the instructions of the committee, 1
should ask for an entire week. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw his objection.
- Mr. HOUSTON. 1 decline to withdraw it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I must move to
suspend the rules.
Mr. ORE; Is it competent, when the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] yielded the floor
to the gentleman from California to make a specific
motion, for that gentleman to yield it to another
gentleman to move to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. It is not competent for gen-
tlemen to barter the privileges of the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I said to the gentleman
from California, that if my motion gave rise to
discussion, or to any consumption of time, I would
withdraw it, and I now do so. On Monday next
I shall move for an entire week.
Mr. M1LLSON. Before the House goes into
Committee of the Whole, I think it proper that
we should dispose of a question which seems to
me to partake of the nature of a question of privi-
lege. Now, I am not altogether informed of the
view the Speaker takes of the communication !
received from Mr. Chase. Certainly I should 1
have objected, and, I believe, scores of other gen- j
tlemen would have objected to that communication j
being received as a part of the proceedings of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it
ought not to be received as a port of the proceed-
ings of the House.
PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I now move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of. the
Union, (Mr. Our m the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the Special order, being the Pacific
railroad bill, upon which Mr. Stephens, of
Georgia, was entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, said he did not
rise to discuss the question pending, but to reply
to certain remarks of Mr. Campbell on a former
occasion; remarking the last named gentleman, in
his printed speech, had put language in his mouth
which he did not utter.
The argument of the South has been to ask but
few favors, and to request that the hands of the
Government be kept out of their pockets; and yet
the gentleman from Ohio said that while the South
"asked nothing," she had largely profited by the
acquisitions of Louisiana, Florida, and Mexican
territory. In response to this, Mr. Stephens
said that, by those acquisitions, the North got one
million nine hundred and seventy-four thousand
square miles, and the South but seven hundred
and fifty-three thousand square miles, leaving out
the Mesilla valley.
With regard to the remark of the gentleman
about a movement to place ten millions of dollars
at the disposal of the President, with a view to the
acquisition of Cuba, he [Mr. Stephens] could
say that he did not join in such a movement.
"Whether any other gentleman did so, he did not
know; either by midnight or in open day. But
he could tell the gentleman from Ohio that he was
in favor of the acquisition of Cuba. He wanted
the island, and he believed it would be for the
interest of the country—more for the North than
the South—to have it. The people of Cuba are
oppressed; and he did not see why our citizens
should not go thither to assist them in gaining
their independence,. He repeated, he was in favor
of the acquisition of Cuba on the score of human-
ity, public interest, and statesmanship. Where
was the objection ? He could see none but blind
and dogmatic nonsense.
Passing to another branch of the question, he
proceeded to defend certain remarks he heretofore
made to show that the labor of Georgia is more
productive than that of Ohio, and replied to Mr.
Campbei.i.'s table on this and other points indica-
tive of prosperity,
Mr. BOYCE obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Boyce] yield me the floor
for a moment?
'Mr. S.'s speech will be found in theAppendix.
Mr. BOYCE. Certainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Chairman, I was
exceedingly anxious to have had an opportunity
of again meeting the gentleman from Georgia in
his tables this morning. I am prepared to do so
now; but 1 presume the gentleman from South
Carolina would not be willing to yield the floor
to me for that purpose. I therefore notify the
gentleman from Georgia, that I shall not only
prove that my tables were correct, but that the
basis of these tables was correct. I am prepared
to prove that now. Not, indeed, that I care about
the triumph of Ohio over Georgia—because I re-
joice with great joy to know that Georgia is pros-
perous—but for the reason that this discussion
involves something of more consequence than the
hay of Ohio and the cotton of Georgia. The gen-
tleman arrayed his facts and statistics for the pur-
pose of proving—pending the notice of the bill
given by the gentleman from Indiana—that slave
labor was better calculated to develop the re-
sources of a country than free labor. That is the
only view, sir, in which a statesman would under-
take to discuss this question. It was in view of
that that I entered the lists with the gentleman
from Georgia before, and in the same view I shall
pursue him to the best of my ability. I thank the
gentleman from South Carolina for his courtesy
in yielding me the floor.
Mr. BOYCE followed, and argued against the
acquisition of Cuba. He contended that the true
policy of the country was conservatism, not an
indefinite extension of our territory. He denied
that we needed Cuba as a military point, assum-
ing that it is our seJtled policy not to permit that
island to be possessed by any of the great Eu-
ropean Powers. We should not, he contended,
weaken our position by acquiring maritime colo-
nies; and, although the annexation of Cuba would
doubtless extend our commerce, yet this consid-
eration was overruled by more important consid-
erations. He entered into an argument to show
that the acquisition of Cuba was a measure full of
peril to the South.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama, obtained the floor,
but yielded to
Mr. HAMILTON. There are several gentle-
men here, Mr. Chairman, who desire to speak on
the subject under consideration; and as debate
closes to-morrow at one o'clock, I move that the
committee take a recess until seven o'clock this
evening.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Maryland says that several gentlemen wish
to speak on the subject under consideration. I
ask that gentleman what subject that is? [Laugh-
ter-]
Mr. HAMILTON. The Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. JONES. I ask him if we have ever had a
single speech made upon it since it was made the
special order?
Mr. HAMILTON. That is the very reason
why there are so many gentlemen now wanting to
speak on it.
The question being on the motion to take a
recess till seven o'clock,
Mr. WHEELER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bridges and
Stratton were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes G9, noes 63.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee, therefore, at three o'clock, p.
m., took a recess till seven o'clock, p. m.
The committee assembled atseveno'clork,p. m.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Orr.) When the
committee took a recess, they had under consid-
eration.the Pacific railroad bill, and the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Smith] was occupying the
floor.
Mr. McMULLIN. We took a recess until
seven o'clock. It is now half an honr past that
time, and I regret to find so many seats vacant.
Certainly those gentlemen who voted for the recess,
ought to be present upon this occasion. I have
risen for the purpose of suggesting to my friend
from Alabama the propriety of allowing the com-
mittee to rise, so that we may have some gentle-
men present to hear the speech of my friend. If,
however, it is his purpose to speak for his constit-
uents, or the gallery, I have no particular objec-
tion; but surely, if it is the purpose of my friend
to be heard by his fellow-members, the committee
ought to rise. I will not press this consideration
upon the gentleman. It does seem to me that he
oujht to have more hearers in the House than he
now has.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no doubt that there
will be more members in the House directly.
Mr. McMULLIN. Gentlemen all around me
say, that there will be more members in directly,
and I will, therefore, waive the motion I intended
to make for the present.
Mr. SMITH replied, he surely should like to
have all his fellow-members present; but he would
not speak to them alone. He expected and intended
that his voice should be heard in the remotest cor-
ners of this country. In fact, it was of small
importance to him what was the size of his audit-
ors on this occasion. A great Catholic Cardinal
once said, " the pen is mightier than the sword."
What he intended to pay here would be put in
print; and, however slight might be its effects on
his friends present, he felt confident that the great
truths he expected to utter would travel from one
end of the country to the other.
Propositions had been made in this and the other
House to repeal or modify the naturalization laws,
ine question was assuming proportions of consid-
erable magnitude, and he might say the question
was becoming the great question of the day. The
time was coming when American legislators
would be forced by the voice of the people to
take a stand on this great question, and act. He
believed that before this great question, which
embodies the great idea of American nationality,
all mere parties and party organizations will have
to give way and retire. The party has already
made itself felt. However mysterious and shady
