268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
talent. After a great deal of difficulty, we agreed
to adopt what has been pretty generally, though
not universally, adhered to heretofore—to leave
the question to be determined by the State gov-
ernments. We adopted, therefore, the general
rule that we would give to the judges of the dis-
trict courts of the United States the salaries of the
judges of the supreme courts of the States in which
their courts are held. That was subject to some
variations. One was, in cases where the salaries
of the judges of some local courts of the State, on
account of different circumstances—the amount of
business transacted, and the cost of living being
higher in the place where they sat—were higher
than were given to the judges of the supreme court.
We made a change there. Such is the casein
Ohio, and in some oftherestof the States. Where
the district judges of the United States has to sit
in the same place with such a local court, we
considered that the same reason which influenced
the judgment of the Legislatures of the States to
raise the salaries of the local courts sitting there,
was a sufficient reason to make the district judges
of the United State*?, in such cases, an exception.
Then we made, probably, some three or four ad-
ditional exceptions. One was in the case of the
judge at Key West, the southern district of Flori-
da. There he is isolated from the Stateof Florida,
and is rather a judge for the United States, who
has very great and important duties growing out
of the commerce of the whole United States, and
inasmuch as he has to bring everything there to
live upon, we thought that was a fair case for an
exception, and consequently made it.
Tnere are also other exceptions. One is the
case of the judge of the district of Connecticut,
■who has been assigned, by law, to-hold his court
as well in the city of New York, out of his State,
as in the State of Connecticut. Another excep-
tion to the principle which was made was, where
a State had been divided into two judicial dis-
tricts of the United States. In such a case we
have given the judge having maritime jurisdic-
tion, the highest compensation. We have given
the judge of the western region of Virginia, and
of New York, to illustrate the principle, a less
amount of compensation than the judge of the
eastern districts who have admiralty jurisdiction.
So with California. Therefore, we graduated
downward in those particular cases; but the gen-
eral rule was to take the highest compensation
fixed by the different States for the judges of their
supreme tribunals.
Some of the States, it seems, have recently—
isince the committee reported this bill and adopted
the rule—made a change in the compensation of
their judges. Such is the case with Vermont, as
the Senator from that State says. Therefore, his
amendment falls within the principle which we
have laid down.
As to the judge in Arkansas, he is already above
it; and, for one, 1 think the principle adopted by
the committee generally a sound one. I think
that the Legislatures of the different Sfafesarethe
best judges at" the compensation, and t am unwill-
ing, as a general rule, to give a court of limited
and inferior jurisdiction, like the circuit ourts of
the United Skates, a higher compensation than the
Legislatures of the different States, who are our
constituents, judge to be a fair compensation for
the judges of the highest judicial tribunals of the
States.
I approve of the principle adopted by the com-
mittee, and, for one, shall give my vote for it,
unless a case is presented which ought clearly to
be mf«de an exception. I will take occasion to
remark, that there is a clerical omission in the
clause of the bill which gives a salary of $3 500.
The word " Ohio" was omitted in drawing up the
bill. It was a mere clerical error, and I shall
move to amend it, when the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont is acted upon", by insert^ g
Ohio m the clause, which given a salary of $3,500.
He resides in Cincinnati; and the salary ot' the
local court judges there is above that of the high-
est court in the State.
It is the same case with the judge in Michigan.
He ought to be madeon exception, residing, as he
does, with a very inadequate salary, at Detroit—
almost totally inadequate, and rendering it im-
possible for a proper man, wish ability to dis-
charge the duties, to reside in the city. We also
made that an exception to the principle, for the
clear and satisfactory reason that the salary
allowed by the State would be altogether too low
to allow him to live in the city.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. BUTLER. It seems to me that if we are
to go on with the bill which we have had under
consideration for some days past—the general
judiciary bill—this should not be considered at
present; for in that biil we provide for a different
class of judges, to be called circuit judges, and if
they are appointed, and receive the salaries pro-
vided for in that bill, $4,000, they would take off
a good deal of business from the district judges,
whose salaries you are now proposing to increase.
It is very obvious that the district judges, in some
portions of the United States, Cannot perform
their duties with their present salaries. I grant
that. I am perfectly" willing to take the plan
recommended by6 the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] as the representative of the Committee
on the Judiciary, as a fair plan; but I think it
premature to take up this question now; and I
wish my friend from North Carolina had insisted
on his original proposition to mature that part of
the bill in relation to members of Congress. I do
not, of course, wish to interfere with the will of
the Senate, but i throw out this suggestion for
their consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the chair.) The question is 011 the amendment
of the Senatorfrom Vermont, to strike out §1,375,
and insert $1,500, as the salary of the district
judge for Veirnont.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL. On the principle which has just
been recognized by the Senate, I move that, in the
provision for the compensation of the district judge
of Tennessee, the sum of §1,800 be stricken out,
and $2,500 inserted in us place, on the ground
that the judges of the supreme court,of that State
receive a salary of $2,500 per annum. I will
state, as an additional reason why that judge
should have a salary of the highest amount con-
ceded by the principle of the Senator from Georgia,
that there are three judicial districts in the State
of Tennessee, and the district judge for that State
is required to preside twice in each district in the
course of the year. Every Senator, by looking
at the State of Tennessee on the map, will find
that it lies in the shape of an oblong, extending
more than six hundred miles east and west, and
only a little more than one hundred miles wide
from north to south. Upon the principle stated
by the honorable Senator from Georgia, I hope
there will be no objection to this amendment to
the proposition.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. I now propose to insert Ohio
among those districts the judges of which are to
receive §3,500. As I stated before, it was omitted
by mistake.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
§1,800,-and insert ^2,500, in the provision for the
stilaiy of the judge of the district of Maine. I
cannot, Mr. President, give the same reason for it
which has been given by the gentlemen who made
the motions in reference to the States of Vermont
and Tennessee. The highest salary paid in our
State courts in Maine is $1,800, but I will state to
the Senate that, in my judgment, and in the judg-
ment of a large portion, if not all, the bar of the
State, the salary is very much too small. I be-
lieve it to be a fact, that no man can accept the
office of judge of the sunieme court of our State
who is not able to furnish himself with a part of
the means necessary for his support, over and
above the salaiy he receives. The present salary
of §1,800 was fixed about twenty years ago. Since
that time we have become a much larger State in
population and business. Senators generally are
aware ot the fact that Maine is much the largest
ship-building State in the Union; and from that
i matter of building ships arise many controversies
| which are heard in the district courts of the United
j States, and they are daily increasing. The city of
! Portland, where the district judge resides, and
j where he will be very likely to reside—for there the
principal business is done—isa place which is very
fast increasing in commercial importance; and,
consequently, the business of the court has in-
creased very much. I have received a letter from
one of the leading members of the bar, residing in
that city, calling my attention to the matter. I
should have attended to it, of my own motion, if
I had not received the letter.
Compare the State of Maine with several other
States where a salary higher than ^2,500 u al-
lowed; compare the business done in use courts m
the respective States, and it will be obvious that
Maine, being a commercial State, must necenstu ily
have a large amount, of business before the United
States courts.
I will state further., that the judge is obliged to
hold his terms at three different points in the State,
which is a large one, and, with his existing salary,
it is impossible for him, with the incieased rates
of living, to get along as a judge in that position
which a judge of a United States court ought to
hold. The office should be held by a man ot high
character and position, and a sufficient saiai y
should be attached to it to keep such rr:en in the
service. Besides, with the effort which is being
made, and which Senators understand must be
successful very soon, to throw a greater amount
of business on the judges of the district courts, it
must necessarily follow, that the salaries which
have heretofore been given will be entirely inade-
quate. I hope, therefore, that the Senate will,
under the circumstances, increase the salary which
was fixed more than twenty years ago, and lias
been continued from that time to this.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I move to strike out the word
" Maryland" where it at present occms in the
amendment, and insert it after " Virginia," m the
provision allowing a salary of $3,000. The object
of this amendment is, of course, to put the district
judgfe of Maryland on the same footing in rega >'d to
salary, as the judge of the eastern district of 7ir-
ginia. What reason there could be to justify thedis-
crimination which was made by the committee
between them I know not. 1 suppose, however, the
committee adopted, as their rule, the allowance of
the salary given to the judges of the highest court
in the State, which, in Maryland, at the present
tune, is $2,500. But I think, wir, it is scarcely
proper that v/e should be governed in our determ-
ination in that respect by the inadequate allow-
ance which may be made to its judges by the
State of Maryland. That would he to subject our
legislation to the control of State legislation. The
judge of the district court of the United States for
the district of Maryland, has a great many duties
to perform. I believe that, in fact, his judicial
labors are more numerous than those of the judge
of the eastern district of Virginia, and quite as
responsible. His court is almost constantly in
session. The population of Baltimore, its foreign
commerce, the maritime questions, and revenue
causes, growing out of that commerce, produce so
much business m the district court as to oblige the
judge to make his residence in that city, where
the expenses ot living have greatly increased, and
are so high as not only to justify, but to demand,
the salary which I propose. His court is, and
must be, open during the greater part of the year
—probably more than ten months in twelve.
Then, if you graduate salaries by the labor per-
formed, by the importance of these labors, and by
the necessary expenditures of the incumbent, you
should, undoubtedly, allow to the district judge
for Maryland the salary which I ask to have paid
by this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN. 1 propose to move an amend-
ment to this proposition, so far as regards the
State of Rhode Island. The compensation of the
district judge there is fixed at $1,500 by this
measure. Wow, the duties of district judge in
that State are greater than they are 111 enhrr
Maine, New Hampshire, or Vermont. Besides
this, the sum 13 not equal to what is paid to the
judges of the common courts in Rhode Island;
and it will be impossible for a judge to support
himself properly in that district with this salary.
I propose to fix the sum at $2,200. I make
the statement, which 1 have made in repaid to
the duties of the district judge of Rhode Island, on
the authority of a letter winch I have received
from the Hon. Judge Curtis, who, 1 understand
to state, that the dn ies of the district judge of
Rhode Island are more than the duties of the
district judge, either m Vermont, or Maine, r.r
New Hampshire. Rhode Island is a manufac-
turing and commercial State. Her people make
contracts in these matters -with persons abroad,
and they are such contracts as are brought before
