1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
Mr. BADGER. I am very sorry, Mr. Presi-
dent, that my friends from South Carolina and
Louisiana have taken the position which they
have in regard to this measure. It has been re-
ported by the Judiciary Committee no doubt after
the best examination they could give to the sub-
ject before them. But, surely, it is no reproach to
that committee that the Senate should think that
certain salaries which they have reported are not
adequate, under all the circumstances, to the im-
portance of the office, or to the onerous nature of
the duties which the judge has to discharge.
Now, sir, I do not agree with my friend from
Louisiana, that the district judges of the United
States are to be considered, in the sense in which
he uses the term, as inferior tribunals. If he
means inferior in respect to the Supreme Court of
the United States, it is true. But, in comparison
with the State courts, they are not inferior in im-
portance.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senatorwill allow me
to make an explanation. By " inferior " I meant
nothing else than courts whose decision was sub-
ject to appellate jurisdiction.
Mr. BADGER. Now, Mr. President, let us
see how that case stands. My honorable friend
says the judgments of that court are subject to
revision. In the first place, in civil causes the
judgments of a circuit court of the United States
are subject to revision only when the amount in
controversy, exclusive of costs, exceeds $2,000.
In all cases falling below that amount, the judg-
ments of that court are final. Well, sir, by an
act of Congress you have a provision author-
izing questions to be certified to the Supreme
Court, in case of a division of opinion between
the judges of the circuit court; but what have you
done? You have discharged the Justices of the
Supreme Court of the United States from attend-
ance upon one term of the circuit courts in each
year, arid at that term the district judge presides
alone; so that there can be no division of opinion.
However astute and ingenious the judge of that
court may be, he must at last have but one opinion
upon any one question presented before him. In
that case the judgment of the court is final, and
not to be reexamined, unless the amount in con-
troversy exceeds $2,000, exclusive of costs.
But, Mr. President, there is another jurisdic-
tion of this court. It is a criminal court. It is
true it is not a criminal court of general jurisdic-
tion, but it is a court having jurisdiction of all
offences against the United States committed
within the district, or committed upon the high
seas when the parties concerned shall be first
brought into that district. Is there any revision
upon the judgments of that court sitting as a crim-
inal court? None. Unless there be two judges
presiding, and an opposition of opinion exists, or
is formally made, there is no tribunal on earth
which can reexamine the judgments of that court.
A citizen may be arraigned, tried, and convicted
before this one judge, without their being any
appellate tribunal to interfere; he may be sen-
tenced to a degrading punishment, ten years in the
penitentiary, twenty years in the peniientiary, or
he may be sentenced to receive a capital punish-
ment. Now, sir, when we speak of judges exer-
cising such awful and tremendous power in the
last resort, it is difficult to find terms by which to
measure the importance of the individual who pre-
sides in such a court and with such_ authority.
How is it with the State courts? It is the case
in my own State, and I presume it is the case in
all the State courts that, from all the judgments
in criminal cases, at least in cases of capital
offences and of other felonies, there is a power of
revision and reexamination in the appellate tribunal
of the State. But here in the United States courts
the judgment of a single judge is final, whether it
touches character, involves a loss of liberty, or
ends in the loss of life itself.
Sir, when I consider the nature of this jurisdic-
tion, of which I do not complain—I do not say
that it is wrong; I think it is right—I realize the
inexpressible importance of having men upon that
bench of the first character for intellect, legal learn-
ing, unimpeached and unimpeachable integrity and
fairness.
I think it is a mistake to suppose that this
measure contemplates any such thing as my friend
from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] suggested—entering
into competition to purchase up the first talent of
a State. Usually we have but one district judge
in a State; in some few cases we have two. Well,
now, if any State is in such a situation that she
has but one lawyer who is fit to preside in such a
court, I say the United States ought to have him;
but I am far from believing that any State of this
Union is in such a situation. Can you not afford
to allow the United States to have one of the best,
or, if there be one who is preeminent, the best,
when you reflect that in cases affecting the per-
sonal liberty, and character, and lives of your
citizens, the determinations of that one judge are
final, and cannot be reexamined ?
It seems to me, Mr. President, that, although
in the sense in which my friend from Louisiana
used the expression, as he explained it, they are
inferior courts, because, in certain cases, their
decisions can be examined; yet, when we come to
look at it, the matter really stands thus: Only in
a certain class of cases of civil jurisdiction, can
there be a reexamination of the decision of a dis-
trict judge where he sits alone; and where he has
a Judge of the Supreme Court with him in those
cases, only upon a division of opinion can there
be a reexamination; and in criminal cases, where
he sits alone, his is a supreme tribunal—supreme,
because the judgments he renders cannot be reex-
amined before any other tribunal. Therefore, I
consider this.court as of immense importance. 1
do not consider what has been done by the Senate
as involving any invasion of the true principle
upon which the measure was reported by the
committee. The principle is right.m general, but
the exceptions are just as important as the general
rule. I am, therefore, in favor of placing these
judges in such a position as will give us an assur-
ance that we can command the very best talents
to exercise this high, important, and, in so many
instances, final jurisdiction.
Mr. STUAR r. Mr. President, I made no reply
to the remarks of the Senator from Arkansas,
[Mr. Johnson.] I thought them indiscreetly
offered, but I thought them precisely that class of
remarks which the honorable Senator himself
would reconsider at the proper time, and see their
impropriety. The honorable Senator has fallen
into an error. He remarked to the Senate that
the Senator from Texas had proposed to raise the
salary of the district judge in his State to $2,500,
and that immediately I had submitted a motion,
the effect of which would be to increase it to
$3,000. Therein the honorable Senator is mis-
taken. 'The district judge in Texas, by the terms
of the original proposition, is to have $2,500. He
is placed in the $2,500 class with the other judges
of the States whose names I have read. 1 stated
that several judges in that class had been raised
$500, and therefore the propriety of submitting a
motion to raise the whole class $500. That is my
motion, and that alone.
Now, sir, I did not design, nor will I now go
into, any comparison between the cost of living,
and the amount and importance of the duties of
the district judge of the State of Michigan, and
those of any other state in the Union. I indorse
fully, everything that has been said by the honor-
able Senator from Louisiana, and the distinguished
Senator from South Carolina, the chairman of the
Committee on the Judiciary. I may say, with-
out theleast impropriety,that I commenced early
with the members of that committee in reviewing
this subject. I had several conversations with the
honorable Senator from Georgia, who reported
the bill; and I am prepared to say that in the
main, and so far as my judgment goes, that bill
does stand upon the right basis as a whole. If it
shall turn out to be the pleasure of the Senate to
change the basis, then it should be changed as a
whole. The committee have acted not without
advice or information. Great labor has been ex-
pended. Every effort has been made to place the
subject upon its true basis. But, on coming into
the Senate chamber this morning, I found that, in
the class in which the committee had placed the
district judge of Michigan, exceptions had been
made, and the Senator from Texas rose to make
another. Three had already been made, as I was
informed. I therefore proposed simply to amend
the sum, as affixed to the whole class, because
the committee, with the best lights before them,
had properly graduated the class.
Now, sir, I say in conclusion, that, if the ma-
jority of the Senate are disposed to do so, I shall
most cheerfully return to the basis adopted by the
able committee of the Senate. 1 have faith in their
judgment and in theiraction; but it is obvious that
a process has been going on here ever since this
bill was taken up, of each Senator endeavoring to
get something more for the judge in his State,
thus destroying the basis upon which the com-
mittee founded their action. I think it is right—
I think the honorable Senator from Arkansas will
see its correctness when he comes to examine it—
that the class, as reported by the committee, should
be preserved. I could show, 1 think, without
drawing at all upon the imagination—I think I
could demonstrate by figures—that the judge
residing in the city of Detroit, and performing
the duties of district judge for the entire State of
Michigan, (which, in a maritime point of view,
the Senate will see at once exceeds almost any
other State in the Union similarly situated—a
State surrounded with maritime affairs,) has large,
laborious, and important duties to perform, occu-
pying his whole time, requiring him to live in a
city where the cost of living is equal to what it ia
in Buffalo. On the motion of the Senator from
New York, the salary of the judge residing in
Buffalo, has justbeen raised to $3,000. The judge
in Michigan stands in the same class. I think then
the Senator from Arkansas will see the great pro-
priety, for the present, at all events, of elevating
the whole class in the proportion determined by
the committee. That is the effect of my motion,
and its only effect.
Mr. GEYER. Mr. President, I took the occa-
sion presented for increasing the compensation of
the Judges of the Supreme Court, to offer, as an
amendment, the bill reported by the Committee on
the Judiciary, to provide for the general revision
of the salaries of the judges of the United States
courts, because I thought it was time there should
be some action upon it; and as almost all of us
have been of opinion for several years, that the
salaries ought to be increased, I thought it proper
to bring forward the proposition now, so that it
might be considered. I am afraid, sir, that the
amendments which have been made, and are pro-
posed to be made, will destroy the entire proposi-
tion submitted by the Committee on the Judiciary,
and that we shall have to postpone, for another
year, doing justice to the district judges espe-
cially.
It is now proposed to strike out $2,500, and
insert $3,000 in the first clause fixing the salaries
of the district judges, so that all named in that
clause shall receive $3,000. This measure pro-
poses an increase of the salary of almost every
judge of the district courts in the United States.
It does not go, in several cases, so far as I, individ-
ually, was disposed to go; but as a whole it ia
placed upon a principle upon which, I think, tha
entire Senate can stand. Now, in this clause, as
it stands, there has been an increase of nearly all
the salaries named in it from $500 to $1,000. The
clause as it is, proposes to add $500 to the present
salary of the judge of the northern district of
New York, of Maryland, of the western district
of Louisiana, of North Carolina, and of Texas;
$700 to the salary of the judge in the western
district of Pennsylvania, and in Wisconsin; $900
to the salary of the judge in the western district
of Virginia; and $1,000 to the salary of the judges
in Illinois and Michigan. Then, 1 submit to hon-
orable Senators whether it is not better to take
the measure as reported by the committee, rather
than submit to hazard the postponement, for
another year, of the increase of salary which it
proposes. I am almost certain that if we go on
as we are doing, each Senator being allowed to
measure the value of the services of the judge
in his own district, according to the standard he
himself may raise, we shall swell the bill to such
an amount that it cannot be passed through the
other House, even if it. can get through this.
There are some exceptions to the general rula
laid down by the committee, in which a majority
of the Senate will acquiesce. I may mention, as
an example, the amendment moved by the honor-
able Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] where
it was proposed to place the district judge in that
State upon a level with the judge of the highest
State court in Vermont. There may be other
exceptional cases, but I do not think that any of
those now proposed by this general change is one
of them. There are States and districts named in
that clause in which, if it depended on me, I should
be disposed to increase the compensation of the
judge; but, judging from past experience, I fear
