272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16.
that we are likely now, if we load this bill, to fail
again, during the present session, in doing justice
to the judges of the several district courts, whose
compensation is now below what they ought to
have, in the judgment of us all.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I anticipate
that a motion will be made to lay this bill on the
table, and 1 am unwilling that a vote should be
taken on such a motion without saying a few words
on the subject.
After the remarks of my friend from Louisiana,
it might be inferred that the friends of this meas-
ure should vote for the reconsideration of all the
amendments. Now, i profess to be a friend of
the measure; I believe that the judicial officers of
the United States are not sufficiently paid; but, if
no innovation had been made upon the principle
adopted by the committee, of giving the United
States judges the highest salary received by any
judicial officer in the respective States, I should
have contented myself with the report of the com-
mittee. I have a very great respect for the report
of the Committee on the Judiciary, especially on
a subject to which they have given their consider-
ation. Upon their report of the necessity of the
enactment of a Jaw as to the organization of our
courts, or the practice within the courts, I should
hesitate long before I could differ with them. But
when the question is upon the amount of money
which is sufficient to maintain a juuge in my own
State, 1 do not yield to the Judiciary Committee
on a su'ject of that kind. On the contrary, I
think the information within my knowledge is
much better for the formation of a proper opinion
than that within the knowledge of the committee.
I am informed that the Judiciary Committee
have instituted an inquny in the different States
es to the amount necessary for these salaries.
Now, I can say to the committee, that it is the
universal sentiment of the bar in the northern dis-
trict of my State, that the district judge there is
inadequately paid. He performs duty in three
places,some four hundred miles distant from each
other. He holds his fait and spring terms in ihree
places. There is no railroad in the Slate on whit h
he can travel; he must, perlorm the journey on
horseback or in carnages. It is, therefore, an
exceedingly expensive district. There isno judge
in any of the Srates which have been called to
your attention who does more duty for less pay
than the judge of the northern district of Florida.
The measure, as presented bv the Senator from
Mtssouu, includes the judge of the northern dis-
trict of Florida and of the districts of Arkansas, m
one class, at a salary of $2,001); buf, on the motion
of the Senator fiom Aikuisas, the salary of the
district judge in his State has been increased to
^2 500. I was about to move an amendment to
increase the salary of the judge of the northern
district of Florida to £,3,000; but, as he has been
placed by the committee in the same class with
the judge of Arkansas, C will content myself,
when the proper time comes, with moving to
increase his salary to £.2,500.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, it appears to
me that this subject has arisen for discussion be-
fore the Senate has decided the important question
what system of judiciary should be adopted by
this Government. Now, how can I vote intelli-
gently on this question until I know the decision
of the Senate in regard to the antagonizing propo-
sitions on that subject—the one made by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and the other by the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas']
One of those propositions is to increase the judi-
ciary of the country, by adding eleven circuit
judges, with asalary oi$4,000each. Thesejudges,
according to that plan, are to sit by the side of the
district judge-in each district, and are to form,
with him, a circuit court. By the other flan, all
the district judges within a circuit, with one of the
Supreme Court Judge?), are to sit in appeals from
the judgments of the district courts respectively.
Thu s, sir, you readily perceive that if the Senate
shall adopt the plan proposed by the Senator from
Illinois, the duties of the district judges will be
immensely increased. For instance, according to
that flan, the district judges of Vngima must
come into Doiawarr, and the district judge of Del-
aware must go to Virginij, and the district judge
of Maryland must go to both. So it is in regard
to other circuits. WelJ, sir? the plan which i de-
sire to gee adopted, and which approximates, in
some degreep to that of the Senator from Illinois,
will certainly require the duties of the district
judges to be doubled.
Now I should like to graduate the compensa-
tion according to the amount of service in some ;
degree; although 1 do not think that a judge ,
should he paid in proportion to the actual service s
rendered, as you would pay a day laborer. I i
have said before, and I say again, that I think we ;
should always pay a judge enough to enable him J
to lead a studious life, while engaged in our em- j
ployment; and that you are not to pay him, as j
you would sell tape by the yard, according to the 1
number of cases he may decide in the course of a J
year. You should pay him enough to enable him j
to understand ah the duties of his office; so that, j
whenever callcd upon, he will be fully able to per- i
form them. \
Sir, I rose for the purpose of asking the Senate j
to dispose of this question for the present by tem- j
porarily laying it on the table until we can ascer- j
tain the sense of the body in reference to the prop- I
osition of the Committee'on the Judiciary, and the |
proposition of the Senator from Illinois. I move j
that it be laid on the table for the present, and if !
no otiier member will call it up when that ques- '
tion is decided, I shall do so myself.
Mr. GEYER. I wish to make some reply to
the honorable Senator from Delaware, if he will
withdraw his morion.
Mr. CLAYTON. I withdraw it for the accom-
modation of  ny friend.
Mr. GEYER. The Senator from Delaware
objects to proceeding now with this measure,
because we have not yet determined what judicial
system shall be adopted. When we come to the
bdl for reorganizing the judicial department, ob-
jections aiemade to imposing additional duties
upon the district judges because their salaries arc
too small, or because we do not know what com-
pensation they are to have. Thus we are to meas-
ure the duties by the salaries, and the salaries
by the duties, and leave both undetermined.
Now, my idea is, and was when this bill was
before the Judiciary Committee, that the salaries
should be graduated according to the duties as
they are now fixed by law, and not be left in an
unsettled condition because other measures may
be pending befuie the two Houses of Congress.
If we impose additional duties hereafter, by any
change of the system, it will be very easy to raise
the compensation by adding a percentage. But
we now have certain duties to be performed, and
they are to be performed under a given state of
circumstances which requires, m the judgment, I
think, ol a large majority of the Senate, that the
salaries should be increased. I think it ought to
be no longer postponed. We should act now upon
the state of things as it exists; for if we wait until j:
the judiciary bill shall be passed, it will, in all j|
probability, be a long time after many of those, i
who are rendering the service will have passed J
beyond our reach, because, according to present
appearances, we are likely to end this session j
without taking any decisive vote upon the ques- 'j
tion involved in the judiciary bill. In the mean 1
tune many of these judges are toiling hard and j
expending much that we ought not to exact from
them, without making some compensation, i
trust, therefore, we shall adopt the proposition of
the committee at once.
Mr. CLAYTON. I think my honorable friend
from Missouri, if he were about to contract with
a carpenter to build a house, before he undertook
to settle the question of compensation to the car-
penter, would first determine what should be the
dimensions of the building. So, too, sir, if he
were about to build a ship, he would like to know
first, before he made a proposition as to how
many dollars he would pay for that ship, what
should be her tonnage, and how she should be
equipped. Now, sir, before I vote a sum of
money to cach of the distiict judges for his com-
pensation, I wish to know what the Senate in- ji
tends he shall do, and how much labor he shall
perform. Propositions are pending which will
settle that point. We have, I trust, very nearly
done debating the bill to reorganize the jidiciary
system. We have been at it for many days, and
we probably snould have come to a vote ere now
upon it, if we had been considering it to-day;
and even as it is, we may reach a vote upon it
before we adjourn, or certainly to-morrow. By
one proposition we are to pay a circuit judge
$4,000, to sit by the side of the district judge in
each district. By the other plan, we are to dis-
pense entirely with the services of the circuit
judges; and the district judges of the respective
disiricts are to perform all the duties. By one
pi m, $44,GOO in salaries is to be dispensed to the
circuit judges, to perform the same duties which
the district judges are to perform under the other
plan I am quite willing to give the $44 000, or
part of if, among the district judges, it ihey are to
perform the dunes which, under the other plan,
would be enjoined upon theciicuit judges. There-
fore it is that I say, let us know what we are
going to do, before we undertake to say what we
will pay. Let us know what we are to exact
from the district judges, and then 1 shall be ready
to say how much money I am willing to give. I
renew my motion to lay the subject on the table.
Mr. TOOMBS. Will the S-nator withdraw
the motion, in order to allow me to make one
suggestion ?
Mr. CLAYTON. Certainly.
Mr. TOOMBS. We may get rid of our com-
plication here very readily by simply defying
the amendment. It has come up here rather irreg-
ularly. I think we can easily dispose of the bill
so far as it relates to the salaries of the judges of
the Supreme Court of the United States; that is
not a complicated question at all; but 1 suggest
that it would not be proper to embirrass that
measure with these other subjects. We can get
rid of the difficulty by taking a vote and rejecting
the amendment of the Senator from Missouri. If
it be the pleasure of the Senate hereafter to bring
up the salary bill, it can be done at any time on
motion.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have no desire to defeat
the bill; 1 should be willing and g'ad to vote some
increased compensation to some of the district
judges, in any event; and I only ask now that we
may take up the proposition of the Committee on
the Judiciary, and give it that respectful c< nsid-
eration to which it is entitled, before we take up
this other question. If no other gentleman desires
to debate the question, I will renew the motion to
lay the subject on the table.
Mr. CHASE. ] wish to say a word, if the
Senator will withdraw that motion.
Mr. CLAYTON. I withdraw it.
Mr. OH &SE. I think the time which has been
spent to day, m considering the subject of sal-
aries, has not been at all misemployed. We learn
from the Committee on the Judiciary, the general
principles which have governed them in the frame-
work of this measure. We ascertained from
the Senators from different States, the pec.ul.ar
circumstances of their respective localities', and
those which will modify, perhaps, in some degree,
the conclusions at which that committee have
arrived. We shall be able, after having fully con-
sidered these suggestions, to ascertain, with almost
exact precision, what is required by the circum-
stances of particular cases, and also, what degree
of relief can be afforded in conformity with the
general principle, to which, for one, I feel dis-
posed to adhere with the Judiciary Committee. I
trust, therefore, that discussion will proceed at
least for to-day.
I have another reason, however, for expressing
that wiah. I desire to submit an amendment, in-
formally, in order that it may be printed, to the
bill to amend the judicial system of the United
States. I believe the fundamental idea of the com-
mittee, in drawing that bill, is a true one; that is,
to relieve the Judges of the Supreme Couit from
their circuit duties; and I think that those who
do agree upon that fundamental idea had better
endeavor to frame a bill in accordance with it,
rather than vote for the amendment submitted by
the Senator from Illinois. Still, as the bill reported
from the Committee on the judiciary provides for
a large augmentation of the circuit judges, while
it provides for no reduction in the number of Su-
preme Court Judges, who are relieved from their
circuit duties, I should feel obliged to vote, at pres-
ent, for the substitute proposed by the Senator from
Illinois, preferring it, on the whole, to the bill re-
ported by the committee, although I agiee m the
general principle which the c.ommitfee dcyire to
carry out. I wish, therefore, to have an oppor-
tunity of submitting an amendment, which will
adopt the general principle of the committee,
and yet avoid all increase of the circuit judges,
and devolve the jurisdiction of the circuit judges
upon the district judges. I hope, therefore, the
