THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 17, 165.5.
New Series.....No. 18.
judiciary bill will not be taken up to-day, but that
shall proceed with the consideration of this
subject.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to ask a question
for information merely. The pending amend-
ment is the one offered by the Senator from
Michigan, and a motion has also been made by
the Senator from Delaware, I think, to lay—
what upon the table ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) That motion is withdrawn.
Mr. CLAYTON. 1 moved to lay the bill upon
the table.
♦The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
fyas, that the bill lie upon the table; but that
motion is withdrawn, and the pending question is
on the motion of the Senator from Michigan, to
strike out " $2,500," and insert " $3,000" in the
third clause of the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. The motion, then, to lie
upon the table is not pending.
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish to say to the Senator
from Arkansas, that I moved to lay the bill upon
the table, but, at the requestofSenators, to permit
them to make some remarks, I withdrew it. I
have listened to those remarks, and I do not see
that they affect the question at all, as to whether
the bill should lie upon the table; and in order now
to get at the consideration of the judiciary bill, I
renew the motion that this bill lie on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the Senator will allow
me, I should be glad to ask him, before he re-
sumes his seat, what will be the effect of his
motion ? Will not its direct effect be to defeat the
whole bill ?
Mr. CLAYTON. Oh, no!
Mr. JOHNSON. Will it come up again ?
Mr. CLAYTON. It will not defeat the bill.
On the contrary, the effect will beihis: As soon
as the Senate has decided what the system of the
judiciary shall be, if it shall immediately take up
the judiciary bill, smd decide upon the duties
which the judges will have to perform under that
system, this bill can be again taken up; so that
you will see I am friendly to the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then, if the Senator will
allow me, I will call his attention to this fact:
There seems to be no contest with reference to the
salary of the Supreme Court Judges, which is
proposed in the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri. There is no probability that the judi-
ciary bill which may hereafter be passed, will
materially alter their duties, or, at least, alter them
to such a degree as that any one in this body
would be desirous to change their salaries from
the rate which we would now be willing to estab-
lish. Then, I call the attention of the Senator to
the fact, that a motion to lay upon the table, if
agreed to now, leaves the time when we can take
the subject up again utterly indefinite; and it is
not probable—I may almost say it is hardly pos-
sible—that, it can come up again at all, in any of
its branches, at the present session of Congress.
I see that this bill will have to be rid of the ques-
tion of the salaries of the district judges, who are
proposed to be so materially affected by the reor-
ganization of the judiciary, as it is presented in
various schemes now before the body. Under
these circumstances, would it not be better that
some member of the Committee on the Judiciary
should propose to strike out all that relates to the
district judges, and leave them dependent upon
the action which we shall hereafter take in refer-
ence to the bHI for the reorganization of the judi-
ciary; and thus permit us to go on and act upon
that concerning which we may agree? We cannot
now agree here, I think, in regard to the district
judges; and if we do agree here, it is impossi-
ble 
Mr. TOOMBS. Will the Senator allow me to
make a suggestion ? We are now amending the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri. No
portion of it has yet been attached to the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then itisnotyetin the bill?
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. And if the whole matter is
ordered to lie upon the table, the bill itself is gone,
18
and nothing can be done on the subject. That is
the reason why I suggest to the Senator that, by
that course, more will be attained than he desires.
Now, I have this object in view: I have, in my
hand, an amendment, which, I give notice to the
Senate, I desire to offer, and which has been care-
fully prepared with the counsel of those who are
entitled to far more consideration than myself,
in reference to the pay of members of the two
branches of Congress. It is simply to alter their
pay from a per diem compensation to a per
annum salary, of such a reasonable amount that
it shall not be beyond what the ordinary, or at
least, the first class of clerks, who are employed
by the Government, now receive. I want to offer
that amendmeht; but if the bill is ordered to lie
upon the table before it is offered, not even a vote
can be had upon it.
Mr. CLAYTON. I certainly shall not move
to lay it on the table, after having been informed
by my friend from Arkansas that he desires to
take such a course as he intimates. I was looking
at the bill merely as a judiciary bill. I shall cer-
tainly interpose no objection to considering it, in
order that the Senator may pursue the course
which he has indicated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state the position of the question. A motion was
made by the Senator from Iowa to strike out of
the bill the part which related to members of Con-
gress, with the intention of moving to insert a
different provision. The motion to strike out was
agreed to; but before any motion was made to
insert, the honorable Senator from Missouri ob-
tained the floor, and offered the substitute which
is now pending.
Mr. GEYER. Perhaps I can submit a propo-
sition, with the unanimous consent of the Senate,
which will remove all difficulty. If I could be
allowed to withdraw all of the amendment which
I have submitted except that which relates to the
Supreme Court Judges, we could have a direct
question between the mode of compensation pro-
posed by the bill and that proposed by the amend-
ment.
Mr. BUTLER. That would be best.
Mr. GEYER. Then I ask the consent of the
Senate to do that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Senate
give leave to the Senator from Missouri to with-
draw that part of his amendment ?
There was no objection, and leave was granted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
question, then, ig upon the motion made by the
Senator from Missouri, by inserting in the bill
the following, as a substitute:
From ana after the passage of this act, the annual sala-
ries of the several Justices of the Supreme Court of the
United States shall be as follows, to wit:
Of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, $7,500.
Of the Associate Justices of the Supreme Court, $7,000
each.
Mr. JOHNSON. If it be a proper movement,
I.now offer the following, as an amendment:
Sec. —. Jhid be it further enacted, That fjom and after
the 4th of March, A. I). 1855, instead of the per diem com-
pensation now allowed by law to Senators, and Represent-
atives, and Delegates in Congress, there shall be allowed
to each such Senator, Representative, and Delegate, a
yearly salary of $2,500; and begin from the commencement
of his teim of service, if he should be then elected ; and if.
not, then from the time of his election.
Mi*. BUTLER. What about the mileage?
Mr. JOHNSON. Nothing is said in regard to
it. I leave that as a matter of separate legislation;
for, if the two are ever united, we shall never be
able to do anything with either. Such has been
our experience.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment moved by the Senator from
Arkansas to theamendment proposed to be inserted
•by the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. GEYER. I suggest to the Senator from
Arkansas, that perhaps it would be better to offer
that as a" distinct amendment, so as to present the
question distinctly on each branch of the subject.
Unless we do that, it will become complicated.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is immaterial to me. I
have no objection to doing that. If the Senator
has a preference that way, I am willing to accom«
modate him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Missouri.
•The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I now renew my amend-
ment.
Mr. ALLEN called for the yeas-and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask the Senator from
Arkansas if I understand the amendment aright,
that it proposes to pay members of Congress at
the rate of $2,500 per annum from the date of their
election ?
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir; from the commence-
ment of their terms of service. If the Senator
will read it again, he will see that it reads from
the commencement of their term of service, if they
shall have been elected-at the commencement of
the next Congress.
Mr. BENJAMIN. But there are members of
this body who were elected four years ago..
Mr. JOHNSON. This is only to take effect,
as the Senator will see by the express terms of
the amendment, from the 4th of March, 1855.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let it be read again.
It was read accordingly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I certainly cannot under-
stand it. I think it is confused.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator from Arkansas
would strike out the last part of the amendment,
it would express his meaning. It would then
direct that, from and after the 4th of March next,
the pay of Senators, Representatives, and Dele-
gates shall be $2,500 each; and that is what the
Senator desires.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is yet more. There
is a circumstance which requires something that
is found in the last part of the amendment. As
the amendment stands, if we now say expressly
that a member shall be paid for his full term of
service, no pay would be had for any service
rendered previous to the 4th of March next. 1
think that is clear in the amendment. It was
made so in reference to that which I know, I feel
myself, and which I believe would impel every
gentleman in this body, and in the other House,
that, so far as possible, it should be made to apply
to subsequent Congresses only, so as to free the
question from any personal interest. But the de-
sign of the amendment also, is not to pay a mem-
ber who may be elected after the Congress com-
mences, from the commencement of the Congress,
but only from the time of his election. For in-
stance, this is the Thirty-Third Congress. On
the 4th of March next, commences the Thirty-
Fourth Congress. A good many members of the
other House, and, perhaps, some of the Senate,
will not have been elected by that time; and it
will not do to say that they shall be paid from
the 4th of March up to the time when they are
elected, for they will not have been in the per-
formance of duty. If you will read the latter part
of the amendment, you will discover that, when
the election has not taken place before, or at the
time when the term commences, their pay shall
not commence until the time when their election
does take place. If the Senator will read it, I
think he will find no difficulty in it; but if there
is, amend it.
Mr. STUART. 1 have no disposition to inter-
fere with the Senator's amendment; but, if he will
listen a moment, I think he will see the propriety
of modifying it. Though a member of the House
of Representatives may not be elected until next
May or June, he will be elected to a Congress
whose term commences on the 4th of March pre-
ceding that time. For instance, this Congress
will end on the 4th of March next, when a new
one begins. Now, no matter when a gentleman
may be elected to that Congress, his pay, under
the Senator's amendment, will commence from
and after the 4th of March. It is clearly so.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is.
Mr. STUART. It proposes to give an annual
salary; and that annual salary, in every case,
