274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
must begin from ths 4th of March next, because
that is the commencement of the next Congress.
Mr. JOHNSON. Those who are elected,then,
will receive the pay, by the terms of the amend-
ment.
Mr. STUART. If they are elected three
months afterwards, they will also receive it, be-
cause they are elected for that Congress, and in
two years from the 4th of March next, their term
of office, as members of the other House, will
expire, no matter when they are elected.
Mr. JOHNSON. What would the Senator
then propose ?
Mr. STUART. Simply strike out the latter
part of the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Would the Senator propose
to pass a law to provide when a State, for instance,
has not elected a Senator at the proper time, for
paying an officer who ianot in existence under the
law or Constitution ?
Mr. STUART. If the Senator will give mehis
attention for a moment, 1 am sure he cannot differ
from me on this proposition. It is importantthat
the pay of members of Congress should be uni-
form, and that each member should reccivc the
same pay. They do now. Each member receives
his eight dollars per day during the time thatCon-
gress is in session, It is proposed to substitute
For that per diem a salary. Now, some States in
the Union have already elected their members
of Congress; but their term of office does not
commence until the 4th of March next. Other
States will elect them in March or April, and some
not until August next; but they will still be mem-
bers of the next Congress, and if they are to
receive their §2,500 per annum, their pay must
commence with the 4tn of March next, or else you
will have gentlemen in Congress receiving pay,
not according to the time they serve, but accord-
ing to the date of their respective elections, which
the Senator and his amendment do not contem-
plate. Therefore, by striking out the latter part
of the amendment, and simply saying that, from
and after the 4th of March next, the pay of
members of Congress shall be $2,500 per annum,
he will accomplish his object.
Mr. REID. The case just put by the Senator
from Michigan, is precisely the condition of North
Carolina. The members of the House of Rep-
resentatives in the Congress which commences on
the 4th of March, are elected in North Carolina
in August next. From the' 4th of March until
August, we have generally no members of Con-
gress in the other branch; but our members,
Siough elected in August, perforin all the duties
of other members of the House; and I think it
would be unjust to pass 'an act which would
deprive them of equal compensation with other
members of that branch of" Congress. This, I
presume, was not seen by the Senator from Ar-
kansas when he offered the amendment, and I
trust he will so modify it as to embrace States in
the condition of North Carolina.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have some reason to believe
that the suggestion of the Senator from Michigan
meets the approbation of the body, as I find no
- one objects to it; and I therefore assent to that
alteration, as far as I am concerned. With the
unanimous consent of the Senate, 1 will so modify
the amendment by striking out all after the word
" dollars."
There was no objection; and the modification
was made.
Mr. MASON. I take it for granted the Sena-
tor will be allowed to modify his amendment in
such a way as to answer his purpose.
The duty which is committed to us by the Con-
stitution of fixing our own pay is a very delicate
one, and one that always leads to trouble, and
vexation, and annoyance. I am sure that the
body of which I am a very humble memberwould
be better satisfied if that duty had been reposed
elsewhere; but we cannot alter the Constitution,
and X do not know that it would have been in the
power of the Constitution to have vested it any
where else, so that we must act upon it. Now,
sir, [ was one of those who thought with the
present occupant of the chair, [Mr. Badger,^ in
his very able and lucid exposition of this subject
a few days ago, that members of Congress are
worse compensated for their services than almost
any other branch of the Government. I confess
for myself, having been honored for some years
with a seat on this floor, I have felt the discharge
of my duties hers utterly inconsistent with my
duties elsewhere. I am free to confess, as far as I
am capable of ascertaining my condition in life,
and my means in life, that, on the score of pecu-
niary compensation, I should be a large gainer
were I to serve the country for ninety days in the
year—certainly for sixty days—without compen-
sation, than if 1 were to serve it, as I now do, nine
or ten months in alternate years with the compen-
sation we now receive. Dearly as I prize the
honor conferred upon me by my State in sending
me here, I should be very glad to make that
arrangement. If I were to serve them gratuit-
ously for ninety days, I should be a large pecu-
niary gainer when compared with serving it as I
do at present. 1 am obliged to depend upon my
yearly earnings for my support, as many other
gentlemen here are; and I find my public duties,
with the compensation which is paid, a very
severe task.
But, sir, I am not permitted to reason in that
way. I voted, a short time ago, against striking
out of the bill the original proposition which had
been placed there by its author, in the hope that
something could be agreed upon which would
enlarge to the proper extent the daily pay of mem-
bers of Congress; though I knew there were great
difficulties in it. Yet, reluctant as I am to do that
which does not seem to be right, or which is a
subject of misconstruction by some, and of per-
version by many,I should have been gratified if 1
had felt that I could conscientiously vote for the
motion to strike out, and leave things as they now
are; but 1 could not do it, because I am not voting
for my own case alone, but for the case of those
who are around me here and in the other House.
I am voting for them as well as for myself; and
when I am satisfied that they do not receive an
adequate compensation, or even a compensation
proportionate to other officers of the Gevernment,
I am not at liberty to consult that delicacy, which
1 should otherwise be gratified to consult,
I must, however, take a different view of this
proposition to pay a salary. We have had some
admonition on that subjects I feel an assurance
that, for some reason, the American people will
not agree that an annual compensation shall be
paid to members of Congress. We had once
such a compensation law, at a very moderate sum,
and it seemed to have met with the reprobation of
the American people. I cannot, therefore, agree
to vote for a compensation in the'.form of an an-
nual salary. .
Mr. BAYARD. The view which I take of the
mode of compensation is precisely antagonistic to
that of the honorable Senator from Virginia. I
agree with him, that the compensation now ac-
corded to members of Congress is not sufficient—
is not in comparison with the duties to be per-
formed, provided they are properly performed;
and it is the fair construction that they are, if the
individual is fit for his situation. An actual loss,
in a pecuniary point of view, to great numbers of
members of Congress, arises from holding their
positions here.
But the honorable Senator objects to a provision
for an annual salary, and prefers an increase of
the per diem allowance. Reference has been made
to the compensation law of 1815, as indicating
that the sense of the people of this country is
decidedly opposed to a compensation, by way of
an annual salary. Mr. President, I have heard
that stated before, but I have yet to hear the evi-
dence for it. The compensation law of 1815 was,
beyond all question, unpopular in the country;
but, you may find other reasons for it, than in the
fact that it turned the per diem into an annual sal-
ary. The reasons which made it so unpopular,
if I am rightly informed, were two. In the first
place, the then existing compensation was six dol-
lars per day. The compensation bill doubled the
compensation at the short session of Congress,
and considerably increased it at the long session,
because the long sessions then were not held much
beyond the beginning or middle of May. The
bill, though passed towards the close of the ses-
sion, doubled the compensation for the existing'
session. That, in my judgment, was what cre-
ated the feeling throughout the country. I have
] not yet heard any argument adduced to show why
1 the people should object to an annual compensa-
j tion more than to a per diem, while I see many
evils flowing from the per diem principle.
Pass a bill granting annual salaries to members
of Congress, and, my life on it, the long session
will not extend beyond the 1st of May; and the
actual expenses of Congress, taking in the con-
tingent expenses and everything else,-will be less
than they now are; because the tendency now is
to the prolongation of the sessions by a certain
portion of each body; but under the change, the
tendency would be the otKer way, and yet the
business would be transacted. The best evidence
I can give of that is that in the session in which
the compensation law of 1815 was passed, the
entire business before the body was disposed of;
nothing was left unfinished, by the 29th of April.
My own belief is, that the principle of per annum
compensation would tend to the speedy transaction
of business in Congress; the sessions would be
shorter, and the tax upon the Treasury of the
United States, even at the sum proposed by the
Senator from Arkansas, would not be greater
than it now is. I have sufficient confidence in
my constituents to believe, that as reasoning men,
when these matters come before them, they will*
be satisfied that their interests are consulted as
well as what ia due to ourselves, in passing a bill
in that form. I can, therefore, Vote for a proposi-
tion which increases the compensation of mem-
bers of Congress by turning it into a per annum
allowance; because I do not think it will increase
the expenditures of the country. I cannot vote
to increase the per diem allowance either twenty-
five or fifty per cent., for I think that would only
tend to the prolongation of the sessions of Con-
gress, and to increase the expenditures.
Mr. BUTLER. This is a question, sir,as has
been said by other Senators, of great delicacy, and
it is one on which every Senator at least, should
express his opinion in some form or other, though
I suppose that expression might be very well con-
veyed in a vote. I am entirely in favor of the
proposition offered by the Senator from Arkansas.
I am reconciled to it by two considerations.
Suppose, by our vote, we were to say that the
members of Congress should serve without any
compensation at all, what would be the character
of this Government? Why, we should throw
it necessarily .under the control of gentlemen of
wealth. Wealthy men would be very glad, E
suppose, to serve without any such compensa-
tion as we receive here; and,instead of this being
a republican Government, looking somewhat to
an equality of justice, we should nave an aristo-
cratic Government, regulated by the wealth and
capital of the country; or if that were not the case,
who would come here? If you were to propose
that they should serve without any compensation,
who would come here ? As I say, either men of
wealth, who could afford to come, or if any other
class did come, it would be a needy class of ad-
venturers, who would not expect to live by any
fair employment, but must necessarily live by
some oblique mode of taking money out of the
Treasury.
I am therefore, sir, for having such a compen-
sation as in the estimation of reasonable men
would be just and proper as far as we can decide
upon it, and that is the great difficulty. What
shall be the measure of compensation? We all
agree that that which is now allowed to members
of Congress is not sufficient. I think that is the
universal opinion, and, sir, if the compensation
was to be regulated by any other tribunal than a
self-constituted tribunal, as the Constitution has
devolved it upon it, that tribunal, if it dispensed
justice, would regulate the compensation differ-
ently and would increase it. I have no doubt about
that. Then, sir, what Bhall be the measure, is
the question ? The great object of every State is
to tempt to its councils men of ability, and of hon-
orable ambition, men who do not look merely to
that distinction which is to be awarded by any
temporary position; not to that kind of ambition
which would be tempted here by twenty-five hun-
dred dollars, for we all know that twenty-five
hundred dollars would not tempt any man of hon-
orable ambition, looking to what he might make
by his ability.
Well, then, how do the States expect their rep-
resentatives to do their duty ? They do not ex-
pect to reward them, to make them rich, or to
compensate them for the professional losses which
they sufter by coming into this body ? It may be
said, why will you come? That is a common
inquiry. As my friend from Virginia says, why
will you come when that certainty is before you?
