1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
many millions of acres, and without an army of
regular soldiers to protect the road, and who them-
selves would need protection! He believed that
such a company would be ready to enter upon the
work, with the preliminary basis of the right of
way through the Territories of Utah and Kansas,
through the Territories of the United States, with-
out limiting it; thereby steering clear of all con-
stitutional difficulties, trusting to the States on
this side and the State of California to make the
conjunction.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
The CHAIRMAN. The hour has arrived for
closing the debate upon this bill, under the order
of the House, but the gentleman from California,
[Mr. McDougall,] who reported the bill, is enti-
tled to one hour, under the rules, to close the dis-
cussion.
Mr. McDOUGAJjL addressed the committee
during an hour, in reply to the remarks of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Bekton,] and ad-
vocating the construction of the Pacific road on
the plan proposed in the committee's bill. His
remarks will be found in the Appendix.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will now state
the question. The original bill is before the com-
mittee, as introduced by the gentleman from Cali-
fornia. It is open to amendment, and there are
amendments to it already pending. The special
committee to whom that bill was referred reported
back a substitute. When the original bill shall
have been perfected, then it will be in order to
recur to, and offer amendments to, the substitute.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I would ask the Chair
if I can withdraw the substitute?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not,
inasmuch as the substitute has been reported by
the special committee, without the consent of that
committee.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Cannot I withdraw it
with the consent of the committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. It may be withdrawn by
the direction of the special committee.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I withdraw the
substitute, in order that another may be offered
by the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Dcnhar.]
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
to an amendment already pending to the original
bill, which must be disposed of before any other
amendment is in order.
Mr. DUNBAR. Is it in order now to offer a
substitute for the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Thefirstamendmentpending was then reported.
It was the motion of Mr. Yates to strike out
" fifteen," in the first section, and insert "six-
teen" in heu.thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Latham to strike out the first section of the bill.
Mr. LATHAM. I made that motion the other
day merely for the purpose of submitting a few
remarks. I now withdraw it.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I desire to offer a
substitute.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to state
to the committee, that if any amendments are pro-
posed to the original bill, they should be offered
and considered before a vote is taken upon the
substitute, for if a vote should be taken on the
substitute, and it should be adopted, it would not
be in order to return to the original bill foramend-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Would it be
in order, as a substitute has been offered, to move
an amendment to that substitute, and have discus-
sion and a vote upon it before amendments are
offered to the original bill?
The CHAIRMAN. If no amendments are
offered to the original bill, then the substitute is
in order. ■ .
Mr. WARREN. I understand that the sub-
stitute has not been received.
The CHAIRMAN. It has been received, and
is subject to be acted upon if there is no amend-
ment offered to the original bill.
Mr. COBB. I desire to offer several amend-
ments to the original bill.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I have an amend-
ment to offer in the nature of a substitute for the
original bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Louisiana [Mr. Dunbar] has the floor to offer a
substitute, and his substitute has been received.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. Is that at substitute
for the entire bill ?
Mr. DUNBAR. Yes, sir, it is.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. Then I would inquire
of the Chair when my substitute will be in order?
The CHAIRMAN. When the amendment of
the gentleman fiom Louisiana shall have been
disposed of,the gentleman's substitute may, per-
haps, be in order as an amendment to the substi-
tute of the gentleman from Louisiana.
Mr. COBB. I desire to offer an amendment to
the first section of the original bill, if that is in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is now in order.
Mr. COBB. I move to strike out the following
proviso:
Provided, however, That for fuch deficiency within the
State ©f California, and also m lieu of all mineral lands in
the said State which are excepted from the appropriation
herein made, such selection may be made from any unoc-
cupied and unappropriated lands of the United States,
vvithm said State of California.
It is scarcely necessary for me to state why I
have offered that amendment. It speaks for itself.
If the principle of this proviso be applied to
California, why not apply it also to other States?
it is not necessary ror me, Mr. Chairman, to
attempt to discuss this question. It is one which
commends itself to the consideration of every in-
dividual here. I believe that the proviso should
properly be stricken out; but the committee will,
of course, take that action with regard to'it as it
may judge best. I would state, however, that it
is my desire and intention to offer several amend-
ments to this bill as they come in order, although
it cornea from the committee of which I had the
honor to be a member. It is well known that
there are some provisions in the bill against which
I have voted in the committee; and it is my priv-
ilege here to move to amend the bill, when we reach
the various points at which my amendments will
be appropriate.
I had hoped, Mr. Chairman, that I would
have been able to have presented my views at
length on this important question; but as others
had obtained the floor, who are, perhaps, better
qualified than myself to entertain the House, and
to cast more light upon the subject than I could, I
have been deprived of the opportunity which I had
desired. I shall now, therefore, only avail my-
self of the opportunities of proposing amendments
to the bill, at different points; and the arguments
which I should have used before this House, in
relation to the bill, I shall reserve for my imme-
diate constituents, and make them before them
during the next summer, when I will be on hand
as a candidate for reelection. As I said before,
I had intended and desired to have, in this House,
made known my views at length, but unfortu-
nately I have not been able to get the opportunity
of doing so. I hope my amendment will be
adopted.
The question was taken on Mr. Cobb's amend-
ment; and it was rejected.
The Clerk proceeded to read the second section
of the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move to amend
the second section, by striking out all after the
word " aforesaid," in the tenth line, so as to make
the section read ?
Jlnd he it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the
Secretary of War of the United States, 011 the passage of
thtb act, to cau&c advertisements to be published in at
least two newspapers in each State, for a period not ex-
ceeding six months; which advertisements shall invito
sealed proposals for the constiuction of each, or either of
said railroad and telegraphic lines, of the quality herein
provided, from the Mississippi river to San Francisco.
The advertisement shall be published, with a copy of this
aet, and shall propose a cession of the feaid lands appro-
priated as aforesaid.
I propose this amendment, Mr. Chairman, for
the purpose of expressing, in a few words, my
idea of the proper mode and manner of the con-
struction of the railroad from the Mississippi river
to the Pacific ocean. I believe, sir, that there is a !
tangible mode by which the construction of this !
road can be materially aided by the Government
of the United States. This bill, however, as it j
seems to me, is too comprehensive, too indefinite,
and confers too much power upon the head of the
War Department, and upon the Government, to
admit of a speedy construction of the road from
the Atlantic to the Pacific ocean.
Now, sir, under the second section of this bill,
included in that part of it which I propose to strike
out, the Secretary of War is authorised to make
a contract for the construction of this road. He
is authorized to oversee the construction of it:'
He is authorized to receive bids for it. When he
does all this, he becomes,as itwere,the president
of a great line of railroad from the Mississippi to
the Pacific ocean, and is required to control its
government. My opinion is, that the Govern-
ment is incompetent to construct such a work as
this—wholly incompetent. It is unwieldy. And
if you place it in the hands of the Government—
as, in my opinion, this second section of the bill
does—you place in the hands of Government a
power which will enable it to defeat, in all proba-
bility for ever, the construction of this much
desired work.
I look upon this as a most important project—
the most important which has been contemplated
or acted upon by Congress during the last half
century. I look upon it as a project of the deepest
interest to the people 01" the United States. I
therefore wish to get at some tangible mode of
carrying it out; and how is that to be'done? Not,
certainly, by vesting in the Government the power
to construct it. Not by making the President of
the United States the president of a railroad com-
pany. But it can be accomplished by a law pro-
viding that such company as will construct it may
receive alternate sections of the public lands, as
provided for in this bill, upon the completion of
certain portions of the road. We thus would
release the Government from the responsibility of
that work. We would place its construction, not
under the control of a head of a Department, but
in the hands of the contractors; and when a sec-
tion of the road was completed—say ten, twenty-
five, fifty, or one hundred miles—the contractor
would then, and not until then, be entitled to
receive the appropriate quantity of alternate sec-
tions of the public lands along the line of the road.
My word for it, if this be done, we will find com-
panies coming; forward from almost every State in
the Union, willing to contract for the construction
of this road; companies who will be able to
raise the capital, and to construct the road within
a reasonable time. And, sir, this will be the best
appropriation of the public lands that can be made
by Congress. I am willing to give it to them
under these circumstances, and with proper restric-
tions, to insure the construction of the road. What
will be the consequences of passing this bill as it
stands ? Why, sir, what we do this session of
Congress will be repealed the next session; what
we do this Congress will be repealed next Con-
gress; and controlled, as it would be, by men who
have no interest in it—by officers of the General
Government—appointed for that purpose, such
corruption, fraud, find peculation will creep into
the whole concern as will, in my judgment, for a
long time delay, if not forever defeat, the construc-
tion of this work, on which so much depends the
interests of the whole country, its commercial and
pecuniary prosperity.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. McDOUGALL. I think the gentleman
from Tennessee is altogether mistaken in relation
to the bill. He certainly has not carefully exam-
ined it. By the contract provided for in this bill,
there is no such thing as a railroad to be made
by the Government, but it is only a contract pre-
liminary to the organization and construction of
a railroad; and when the contract is made, the re-
lation of the Government to the road ceases. The
object of the contract is simply this: that the Gov-
ernment shall not extend her aid, and grant her
lands to irresponsible organizations, such as un-
dertook the construction of the Texas railroad.
The bill, I think, meets the views of the gentleman
from Tennessee. If he is in favor of granting
lands to aid a company ingoing on and completing
the road, as he says he is, what objection can he
have to this bill, which provides when the parties
come forward and propose to construct the road,
the Government shall take some guarantee that
the organization is not a mere bogus one, but one
of substantial strength to carry out a bona fide
purpose and design.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to call the attention of
the gentleman from California, to the last par-
agraph of the second section, which reads as
follows:
" The Secretary of War shall contract for the construc-
tion and Hoping up said road and telfgraph line from the
Mississippi river to the city of San Francisco."
