286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
Mr. WHEELER. Has the gentleman any
right to withdraw his motion, except by unani-
mous consent ?
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly, he has the
right.
- Mr. LETCHER. Then I withdraw the motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The business in order is
the consideration of the substitute proposed by
the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Dunbar.]
The Clerk then reported the first section of the
substitute, which is as follows:
That, with the view of aiding in the construction of suit-
able railroads and telegraphic communication between the
Mississippi valley and the Pacific ocean, there shall be, and
Is hereby, appropriated and set apart a quantity of public
laud equal to the alternate sections for the space of twelve
miles on each side of said roads from their eastern to their
western termini, as follows:
One road and telegraph, to commence on the western
border of the State of Texas, and to pursue the most eligible
route to the navigable waters of the Pacific in the State of
California j which line shall be known as the Southern
Pacific railroad;
One road and telegraph, to commence on the western
t>order of the States of Missouri or Iowa, and to pursue the
most eligible route to the Bay of San Francisco; which line
shall be known as the Central Pacifio railroad;
And one road and telegraph, to commence on the western
border of the State of Wisconsin, in the Territory of Min-
nesota, and pursue the most eligible route to the navigable
waters of the Pacific, in Oregon or Washington Territories;
which line shall be known as the Northern Pacific railroad;
each lands to be selected from the sections which shall be
designated in the public surveys of said land (when made)
by odd numbers, and to be held and conveyed as herein
provided; and in all eases when the United States may
•have-disposed of said lands, or any part thereof, or shall,
from any cause, be unable to convey a title thereto, tbe
deficiency may be made up by the party or parties who may
become entitled thereto from anyhnoccupied and unappro-
priated lands belonging to the United States within the dis-
tance of thirty miles of said road: Provided, however, That
for tfuch deficiency within the State of California, and also
• in lieu of all mineral lands in said State, (which are hereby
excepted from the appropriation herein made,) such selec-
tion may be made from any unoccupied and unappropriated
lands of the United States within fifty miles of &aid road in
the said State.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. Mr. Chair-
man,! move to strikeout "twelve, "in the seventh
line,and insert" six." Wehave.in the bill before
us, a proposition to induce the construction (if
this scheme succeeds) of three railroads from the
Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean, and to give
every alternate section of land within twelve miles
. of the respective roads. The roads will average
two thousand miles in length; and the land pro-
posed to be given is equal, in the aggregate, to
thirty-Bix miles in breadth, by two thousand in
length—equal to seventy-two thousand square
miles of land—a tract of country almost twice as
large as the State of Ohio.
We have heard much said of late, by a party
designating themselves as the American party, but
recently as ICnow-Nothings, against foreigners,
Catholics, and our naturalization laws. Sir, I am
opposed to holding out inducements for such
floods of foreigners to •emigrate here. Can you
build these roads without either drawing a great
amount of labor from the productive industry of
the country, or inducing millions of European
laborers to come here to be thrown (on the com-
pletion of the road) landless upon the country for
support, or to be precipitated, by some homestead
bill, upon the public domain?
Sir, our public domain has been, and is, the
greatest blessing ever conferred on any people.
The price of land haa been kept within sucn mod-
erate prices that every industrious, frugal man has
been able to become a freeholder, and his own
employer. So we have a middling class large
enough, and conservative enough, to preserve our
institutions intact; but in 1790 we had but three
million one hundred thousand free white popula-
tion. Since that time half the valuable land of our
vast domain has passed from the hands of Gov-
ernment to corporations, land monopolists, and
settlers. We were, in 1850, nineteen and a half
millions of people, having increased six times in
sixty years. The same ratio of increase will make
over a hundred and ten millions in 1910, (sixty
years from 1850.) Sir, long before that, at the rate
we are inviting foreign immigration and squander-
ing our public lands, the Government of the Uni-
ted States will be stripped of its settleable domain.
"When that day shall come, the price of land will
be such that, with rare exceptions, whoever shall
then be born landless will die landless. Then,
Mr. Chairman, comes a landless peasantry. 1
have seen enough of anti-rent, enough of recent
proceedings about rents in New York, to look with
fear and trembling for our institutions, when we
shall have a large landless peasantry. And I can-
not lend myself to these gigantic schemes, the Mid
of which (if they are successful) will induce the
immigration of millions of foreigners, and the
speedy and unjust extinction of all the Indian tribes
on our borders, and the stripping of this Govern-
ment of its public domain. _ Evils, sir, which—as
sure as cause and effect—will bring a test upon our
institutions at which no reflecting man can look
without the deepest anxiety.
Lest I may be misunderstood, I beg to say
I never, since I left college, belonged to, or ap-
proved of, any secret society or organization. 1
believe them dangerous and wrong. At this day,
I have no fear of foreigners or Catholics. I do
not believe the Pope, or any European Bishop, has
the least influence in our civil concerns. Sir, any
scheme or party that attempts to make walls of
partition, and dig gulfs to divide one class of reli-
gionists from another in civil affairs, or between the
native born and immigrants whom we invite here to
reside, are, in my judgment, doing a great wrong
to our country. Great Britain tried, by pains and
civil disabilities, for centuries to convert Ireland,
but she failed. Almost all Governments have
tried, by civil pains and penalties, to convert the
Jew; and even Massachusetts Know-Nothings
then, as now, undertook, aboutas wisely, two cen-
turies since, to convert Quakers, or exclude from
them country and office, as the Know-Nothings
do the Catholics now.
If we intend to live in peace, if we intend to
preserve our institutions, let all religionists be
treated alike; dig no gulf between them; bring
them all, Protestant and Catholic, Jew and Gen-
tile, to the same schools, to the same ballot-boxes,
to the same tribunals of law and debate, and to
the same jury boxes. Then, indeed, we will be
one people and indivisible. And then, neither
the Priest or Pope will have, in civil affairs, any
more influence with'their Church than Protestant
ministers with theirs. But drive them from the
ballot-box, from office, when otherwise qualified,
and they will deem themselves persecuted and
proscribed. You create feelings which will drive
their children from our common schools, aye,
drive them for counsel to their Priests, and
leave the Priests to obtain the same ascendency
over the minds of their religionists, born in their
Church here, that they have over the uneducated
peasantry of Europe. Sir, in a word, I would
willingly unite with the American party to prevent
not only pauper and convict immigrants, but in any
well digested scheme to lessen the number, who
could be permitted to come here. But I am opposed
to any alteration of the naturalization laws, ex-
cept to prevent frauds under them; and am utterly
opposed to anything that shall make, or tends to
make, any civil distinction between different
classes of religionists or citizens, native or natu-
ralized.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I am opposed,
Mr. Chairman, to the amendment offered by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Perkins,] for
the reason that I think its tendency—if it were
adopted—would be to defeat the object of the bill,
which is the construction of one or more railroads
to the Pacific ocean. I should desire very much
to see a railroad built from the valley of the Mis-
sissippi to the waters of the Pacific. I believe
such a work to be important in every point of
view—important for military purposes, important
for naval purposes, important for peaceful and
commercial purposes, important for social pur-
poses, and important for the sake of the safety of
the Union. Therefore, sir, I am opposed to any
provision, or any amendment, to that bill which I
am certain must tend, if ingrafted on it, to defeat
its object.
What is the effect of the bill as it now stands?
It comprehends the idea of constructing three
roads from the Mississippi to the Pacific. It pro-
vides for the setting apart of alternate sections of
the public lands to the extent of twelve miles in
breadth for each. And if proposals be made by
competent parties—their competency to be proved
in the best possible manner, to wit: their deposit
of $500,000 as a guarantee for the fulfillment of
their contract—if, I say, proposals <be made by
responsible parties, thus guarantied, coming with-
in the conditions, provisions, and limitations of
this act, then I car® not if proposals are made for
all the roads. If it shall be found, on examina-
tion and on exploration, that it is feasible and
practicable to build all these roads, then I hope
thSt men of capital shall be found willing to come
forward and make proposals for the construction
of each one of them—the southern, the central,
and the northern. And, sir, why should we not
give the alternate sections of public lands for such
a purpose, when the effect of it will be to bring
into market, at an increased value, the rest of the
public lands, which would otherwise, perhaps, lie
out of market for centuries? By having these
railroads built, Mr. Chairman, we increase the
value of these lands. By granting alternate sec-
tions for this purpose, the General Government
does not, in the matter of dollars and cents, sus-
tain any injury.
Now, sir, I wish to facilitate the construction
of three, or two, or one railroad to the Pacific;
and I do not care which. If it shall be found
that the northern road is the best, the most feas-
ible and practicable route, and if men of capital
will come forward and make proposals for its
construction, I shall be glad of it. If it shall be
found that the central route is the best, the most
feasible and most practicable, and if men of cap-
ital will come forward and make proposals for
its construction, I shall be glad of that; and so
too, of the southern line. And what do we give
in exchange for this great public boon?" Why,
sir, we pay out of the Treasury of the United
States for the accommodation arid advantages
which one or all of these "roads would render to
the Government what is rather less than that
which we now pay for the single mail accommo-
dation, not so well rendered. It will be saving
to the Government, not only in the matter of time,
which is everything now, but also in the matter
of expense. We only grant to the company that
constructs each of these roads, alternate sections
T>f the public lands to the extent of twelve miles
along the line; and we thereby bring into market
the other alternate twelve miles, and render it
much more valuable. I think the measure pro-
posed is a great, a magnificent, a feasible measure.
Can it be otherwise than constitutional? Is it not
in every sense—in the strictest sense—in the eye
of the strictest Constructionist, in the eye even of
the President, constitutional to grant lands within
the Territories for purposes for which a prudent
proprietor would himself grant them ? So it seems
to me that there cannot be, from any side, con-
stitutional objections urged to the measure. It
seems to me that the proposed bill does not, in
the smallest degree, militate against the letter or
spirit of the Constitution.
As a matter of fact, the bill meets the views and
wishes of the country. It will open to trade and
civilization the far off wilds, and will open to our
commerce that field of greatness which now lies
extended before the eyes of all men. 1 therefore
trust that the committee will vote down all amend-
ments that may be offered, as I believe that no
amendment which can be offered to the bill, unless
in accordance with the principles now contained
within it, can, by any means, obtain the vote of
a majority of the committee.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HENDRICKS obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN. 1 ask the gentleman from
Indiana to allow me one half minute to make an
explanation, and to say that  
[Loud cries of <(Order!" "Order!"]
The question was taken on Mr. Perkins's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I offer the following
amendment; to strike out from the tenth to the
fourteenth lines, inclusive, which read as follows:
" One road and telegraph, to commence on the western
border of the State of Texas, and to pursue the most eligible
route to the navigable waters of tbe Pacific in the State of
California; which line shall be known as the Southern
Pacific railroad."
I make this proposition, hoping that, hereafter,
some gentleman will move to strike out all of this
section which provides for the construction of a
northern route, so that the bill will provide for but
one route—the central.
I do not think that the Government of the Uni-
ted States ought to' attempt, and I do not think
that we can accomplish, the construction of more
than one road from the Mississippi to the Pacific.
If we do attempt to build more than one road, we
shall be very likely to fail in its construction. Wa
aught not, in my humble judgment, to make thia
