290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
Government along the line where a road is to be
-constructed. The foundation upon which the
power to construct these roads rests, is the power
of the Government, the great land holder, to
make improvements that will have the effect of
increasing the«value of the lands. The reserved
lands along the lines of all the roads that have
been constructed on this principle, have doubled
in price and trebled-in value.
I think, therefore, that the amendment proposed
by the gentlfeman from Indiana, has a tendency to
weaken rather than to strengthen the bill. _ The
gentleman says that he is opposed to these military
posts along the roads. It is inevitable, Mr.
Chairman, that, so fast as you build the road, so
fast as you carry the work forward, just so rap-
idly, and in advance of it, you send out the en-
terprising pioneer, more valuable than all your
military force to protect your frontier.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN, (interrupting.) I de-
sire to ask the gentleman from Illinois one ques-
tion, and that is, what effect this proyision will
have which is found in the sixth section of the
bill on the very point in relation to which he is
speaking? This bill expressly provides that all
the land within forty miles on each side of the Hue
shall be withheld from settlement and occupation.
How does the gentleman reconcile that with his
argument? _ .
Mr. RICHARDSON. If this bill is defective
in the respect the gentleman speaks of, strike it
out. You do not correct it, nor remedy it by the
proposition which the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Chamberlain] has made to the House.
That is my answer to the gentleman's question.
1 desire, Mr. Chairman, to say one other thing
in regard to this matter, although I am afraid I
have not time to express my idea. I am for the
construction of a road between the Mississippi
valley and the Pacific ocean, because I think that
it is necessary we should connect more intimately,
by commercial relations, ourselves with the Pacific
ocean. I do not care whetheryoubuild one,two,
or three roads. I will vote for one, for two, or
for three. I am willing to vote for the whole three,
and leave the capitalists—those men who are look-
ing for their cent per centum on investment—to
determine which of them they will construct. If
the middle route is the best and most feasible one,
they will build that, or if the southern or northern
routes appear t® be the best, they will build either
of them. Th ir great desire will be to reach San
Francisco.
The question Was taken on Mr. Chamberlain's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Chairman, I propose the
following amendment to the first section:
In the tlilrd line strike out the word " a in the fourth
line strike out the word "telegraphic," and ail after the
word *' ocean," in the fifth line; and insert in lieu thereof,
as follows:
The lands of the United States for two hundred feet
wide, along the antire line of any such railroad, or rail-
roads, shall be, and is hereby, set apart and dedicated as a
highway for railroad purposes; and any party, or parties,
who shall construct such road, or roads, may take any
earth, stones, gravel, timber, or other necessary materials,
for the construction of said road, or roads, from any adjoin-
ing lands of the United States.
The section, if amended, would read:
That, with the view of aiding in the construction of
suitable railroad communications between the Mississippi
valley and the Pacific ocean, the lands of the United States,
for two hundred feet wide, along the entire line of any
such railroad, or railroads, shall be, and is hereby, set apart
and dedicated as a highway, &c.
And strike out all the balance of the bill.
Mr. GROW. The amendment which I have
offered, Mr. Chairman, proposes to give the right
of way to any person, or persons, who will con-
struct the railroad.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania proposes a substitute to a substi-
tute. Is that in order, Mr. Chairman ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
is in order.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It appears to me, Mr.
Chairman, to be, substantially, a substitute for the
substitute which is now pending. It proposes to
strike out the entire bill, substituting for it the
amendment proposed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not very
clear as to the latter portion of the gentleman's
proposition being in order.
Mr. GROW. I will withdraw the latter por-
tion of my amendment, and simply propose to
amend the first section of the bill in the manner
indicated.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman can
go on with his remarks. The first portion of the
amendment is certainly in order.
Mr. GROW. My amendment, Mr. Chairman,
proposes to give to any company that will con-
struct a railroad between the Mississippi valley and
the Pacific ocean the right of way over the public
lands of the United States, and the right to take
materials for the purpose, off of the public lands
adjoining their route. It gives a right of way for
two hundred feet along the entire line; and what,
I ask, should the Government do more ? Gentle-
men urge here the necessity and the importance
of this work as a reason. That necessity, sir,
and that importance would be, if we admit its
force at all, a good reason why the Government
should open communications from Maine to Lou-
isiana. The reason given by the gentleman from
Illinois, who has just taken his seat, [Mr Rich-
ardson,] namely, that it is necessary we should
have closer commercial connection with Califor-
nia, would be as good a reason why the Govern-
ment should take stock and build roads from
Maine to Louisiana, or New Mexico, or why it
should unite in a similar manner any two sections
of the Confederacy together. The argument, as to
the importance and the necessity of the work, does
not furnish a good reason why the Government
should take part in it.
But it is said that private enterprise cannot
accomplish such a gigantic undertaking, and that
therefore, the Government should engage in it.
Sir, I am not one of those who believe that pri-
vate enterprise cannot accomplish this work. The
city of New York alone, unaided by any public
grant, but merely by her own enterprise, and her
own capital, has built about a thousand miles of
railroad. TheNew Yorkand Erie railroad, which
was completed by the capital of New York city,
stretches out its arm and embraces Lake Erie.
When that road was first projected it was thought
that it would be impossible for private enterprise
to accomplish it, and the State therefore engaged
in the work. At last, after it was abandoned by
the State, it was taken up by the private enter-
prise of the citizens of New York, and carried to
a successful issue. Prom the western limits of
Missouri to the city of San Francisco is only a
distance of some fifteen hundred miles; and why, I
ask, could not that be built by the enterprise and
capital of our citizens, without the aid of the Gov-
ernment, when we find in the case of the New
York and Erie railroad, onecity of the Union con-
structing, by its own capital, two thirds of the
length of road which it is now proposed to build,
ana which is represented as too gigantic a work
for private enterprise to accomplish?
Now, sir, I hold that the private enterprise of
the country is adequate to any purpose, or to any
speculation which may hold out sufficient induce-
ments to it; and while this proposed line of railroad
holds out to capital the inducement of the great
trade and the vast riches of India, we will not
have long to wait before we will find the channel
to this great trade opened by private enterprise. It
will be merely a question of time. Why, then,
should the Government step in and open up a
channel of communication, and hasten, by a few
years, the accomplishment of a work, which pri-
vate enterprise, ifleft to itself, would undertakeand
carry out, whenever the inducements for doing so
appear sufficiently strong. The argument that
Government may properly do with the public lands
what a prudent proprietor would do under similar
circumstances, is the same old argument under
which we have heard so often urged the granting
of alternate sections to railroads. I do not indorse
that construction of the Constitution; for, accord-
ing to such construction, the Government should
open up public roads, build school houses, erect
churches, and do whatever else tends to enhance
the value of property, and to encourage settle-
ment. According to this construction, the Gov-
ernment should increase the value of the public
lands by adopting such measures as tend to the
general welfare of a community.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania inform me of the distinction which
he draws, under the Constitution, between the
light of Government to grant twelve miles, in
alternate sections along the line, and its right to
grant what he proposes, two hundred feet?
Mr. GROW. The difference is, that my prop-
osition does not contemplate a grant of the public
lands at all, but merely a right of way for the
road.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Exactly; but the consti-
tutional principle is the same.
Mr. GROW. The^ower of the Government
to make public improvements is, I take it, denied
by the gentleman from California himself, [Mr.
McDocgall.] The gentleman proposes, in hia
bill, to grant alternate sections of the public lands
to the company that may construct the railroad.
I ask for the constitutional power vested in the
Government to make any such grant, and I am
told that Government has that power, because
Government is a landed proprietor, and may make
such disposition of its property as it may deem
profitable." If this were so, then, of course, the
Government might, with equal propriety, make a
grant of money for the purpose. Government
might as well appropriate money as land, for, in
appropriating land, it gives away that which is its
means for raising money. How, upon the ground
of its right as a landed proprietor, is the Govern-
ment to devote its means to the building of rail-
roads, when it is denied the right of opening public
roads, and building school-houses and churches,
or any other public works, which contribute to the
general welfare of .the community ? I deny that
the Government possesses such powers under the
Constitution.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It seems to me that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania raises this question
of constitutional power a little too late. Why, I
have been voting with that gentleman for two or
three sessions of Congress absolutely to give
away the public domain, and now he interposes
the objection of the want of constitutional power
to build this road.
Again, the gentleman concedes, by the very
amendment which he has introduced, the power
of this Government to give to railroads the right
of way. I ask what is the difference in principle
between giving the right of way, and giving land
to aid in the construction of a road? What is the
object in giving the right of way ? It is to aid in
the construction of the road. What is the object
in giving land to a railroad company ? It is to do
precisely the same thing. One is less, and the
other greater, and that is all the difference. I have
not read the Constitution as the gentleman has,
nor do I look upon it in the light in which he
does. When the principle is once conceded, that
you can give any, the balance is limited only by
discretion, and that is the only limitation there is
upon it.
One word more. The gentleman says that the
same plea of necessity that I urged for this dona-
tion of land would confer the power on the Gov-
ernment to construct a road from Maine to Loui-
siana. I wish I had time to speak of the condition
of our possessions and countrymen upon the Pa-
cific coast. What condition would they be in to-
day, if the disturbed state of affairs prevailing in
Europe should extend to this country? In such
acrisis, what would be the condition of California,
which has for years been pouring its golden treas-
ure into our lap? The first blow that would be
struck would deprive us of the richest possessions
that we have gained since the formation of the
Government. Will gentlemen tell me that it is
not the duty of this Government to provide the
means for the defense of our possessions upon the
shores of the Pacific, by constructing a railroad
over our own soil, by which we may transport
men and munitions of war to repel any invasion?
I claim that the Government has a right to do so,
not only as a landed proprietor, but also by virtue
of its duty, in time of peace, to prepare for any
emergency.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken; and Mr. Grow's
amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move to amend by
striking out, in the sixteenth line, the words " or
Iowa," and insert in lieu thereof, between "the
lines of 3S° and 40° of north latitude." I do not
desire to make any extended remarks upon the
amendment I have submitted. It is well known to
the members of this committee that, during the
last session of Congress, I had the honor of deliv-
ering my opinions fully upon this subject, of con-
structing a railroad fiom the Mississippi to the
Pacific. At that time I took ground in favor of
