1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
one route, and that was the central route. I have
seen, since that time, no cause to change my
opinions as then expressed. I did indulge the
hope that the proposition of my colleague, [Mr.
Hendricks,] presented to the committee a few
moments since, would have prevailed; but it has
been voted down; and if* this bill passes at all, it
must pass with a proposition to build three rail-
roads across this continent. So far as the northern
route is concerned, or so far as the southern route
is concerned', the constituency 1 have the honor to
represent have very little interest; but so far as
the central route is concerned, they have a very
great interest.
I stated in my speech at the last ,session ofCon-
fress, that no bill that might be presented to this
louse, which left the power, to establish the east-
ern terminus of this road to the company that
might undertake its construction, would meet my
approbation. The bill, however, now presented,
leaves to the company that undertakes to construct
this road the right to fix upon the point of ter-
minus, both east and west. The point of terminus
of a great national road, intended to accommodate
the trade, travel, business, and commerce of the
whole country, is left, sir, to be decided by any
irresponsible company that may undertake its
construction. Being interested in the central road,
I desire to know, if I have to vote for this bill, the
point, at least within six hundred miles, from
which this road shall start when it leaves the
western borders of the States. By the provisions
of this bill, it starts at some indefinite point upon
the western border of Iowa or Missouri, accord-
ing to the discretion of the company that may
undertake to construct it—a wide margin, sir, of
six or seven hundred miles.
I say to the honorable gentleman from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. McDougall,] who introduced this
bill, that 1 never will, willingly, give my vote or
sanction to a bill which intrusts the important
power of determining the terminus and general
route of the road to the hands of the company
that construct the load, or intrusts it either to the
hands of the Secretary of War, Postmaster Gen-
eral, or even the President of the United Stales.
Never, never! I hold that Congress is the
proper tribunal to determine the termini of the
road; and, so far as I am concerned, lam willing,
sir, to share my portion of the responsibility. If
we have to take three roads, as proposed by this
bill, 1 am willing, as a member of this House of
Representatives, to take my portion of the respon-
sibility of fixing the point of beginning and ending
of each one of these roads. 1 had much rather do
it than to trust it to the hands of these irrespon-
sible companies, or to the hands of the President,
or any of his officers. One word more, sir 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GROW. I am opposed to giving any land
to this road. Now, for the reasons. The gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Davis] seems to think
that the constitutional power to give these lands
for railroads rests upon the same ground as 
Mr. McDOUGALL. I call the gentleman to
order. He is not speaking in opposition to the
amendment.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Indiana is
in favor of giving some lands to this road.
Mr. PHILLIPS. What is the amendment ?
Mr. GROW. I hope the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia will not insist upon his nice point.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I insist that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania shall respond to the point
now made.
The CHAIRMAN". The gentleman must con-
fine his remarks to an opposition to the amend-
ment.
Mr. GROW. I intend to apply my remarks
to the amendment. It is claimed that the consti-
tutional power here rests upon 
Mr. McDOUGALL. I call the gentleman to
order again.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot decide
whether the gentleman is in order or not until he
has indicated the course of his remarks.
Mr. McDOUGALL. No question of constitu-
tional power has been raised here.
The C H AIRM AN. The Chair would say that
the gentleman should confine his remarks to a
reply, showing why the amendmentof the gentle-
man from Indiana should not be adopted. The
gentleman from California requires that the rule
shall be enforced.
Mr. GROW. Well; will the Clerk report the
amendment again?
The amendment was again read.
Mr. GROW. I am opposed to granting any
land between those lines of latitude, for the reasons
whichl willgive. The Government has no power
to grant these lands.
Mr. McDOUGALL. That is not in response to
the remarks of the gentleman from Indiana, and
I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. GROW. I will give my reasons why the
Government has not power. The Government
cannot grant lands for the construction of rail-
roads upon 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman's remarks are not in order.
Mr. GROW. Well, I meet with so much diffi-
culty, 1 will reserve my remarks for some other
occasion.
The question was then put upon Mr. Davis's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. WHEELER. I propose to renew the
amendment made by the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Letcher] yesterday; that is, to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. PRINGLE. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman has noright, under the rules of the
House, to move to strike out the enacting clause
of the bill. I ask the Chair to decide the point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and holds the motion to strike out
the enacting clause to be in order.
Mr. PRINGLE. From that decision of the
Chair, 1 take an appeal.
Mr. WHEELER. I call for tellers.
Mr. BALL. Will it be in order to move that
the committee now rise?
The CHAIRMAN. It will.
Mr. BALL. Then I submit the motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman of the committee
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration the
state of the Union generally, ar.d particularly the
special order, the bill for establishing railroad and
telegraphic communication between the Atlantic
States and the Pacific ocean, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to yield his motion for a moment, to ena-
ble me to make a motion to take certain papers
from the files of the House.
Mr. ALLEN. I will.
COLONEL J. STEWART.
On motion by Mr. HAMILTON it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from tho
files of the House the petition and papers of Colonel J.
Stewart, for the purpose of reference m the Senate.
REGISTER TO THE BARK MARTHA.
Mr. AIKEN. Will the gentleman from Illinois
allow me to report a bill from the Committee on
Commerce ?
Mr. ALLEN. Certainly.
Mr. WALSH. What does the gentleman pro-
pose to do wilh the bill ?
Mr. AIKEN. I hope the gentleman will not
object. I propose to put it upon its passage.
Mr. WALSH. Well, I will hear what itis.
Mr. FLORENCE. It is to change the name
of a ship.
The bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue a registry to the bark Martha, was
read a first and second time.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon order-
ing the bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WALSH. 1 would ask the gentleman
from South Carolina what the name is to be
changed from.
Mr. AIKEN. From Aquatic to Martha.
Mr. WALSH. Well, then, I have no ob-
jection, for I used to love a girl of that name.
[Laughter.]
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
subsequently read a third time, and passed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CARPENTER, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following bill, of which previous
notice had been given; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce:
A bill for the repair and improvement of the
piers at the mouth of the Genesee river, New
York.
On motion by Mr. JAMESC. ALLEN,at three
o'clock and thirty minutes, the House adjourned
until twelve o'clock to-morrow.
.IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 17, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
TheJournalof y esterd ay was read and approved..
Hon. John R. Thomson, of New Jersey, ap-
peared in his seat to-day.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. TOUCEY, on his motion, was excused
from further service on the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, and the President pro temport was
authorized to fill the vacancy thus created.
PETITIONS, ETC,
Mr. HUNTER. I present the petition of a
committee appointed by a railroad convention,
held at Richmond, Virginia, on the 5th of Decem-
ber, 1854, praying Congress to refund to railroad
companies all duties paid on railroad iron since
the 4th of March, 1851, and to reduce the duty on
railroad iron hereafter to be imported. As the
Committee on Finance have already reported on
the subject, I move that this petition be ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Frances
M. Webster, widow of Brevet Lieutenant Colonel
Lucien B. Webster, of the United States Army,
who died of a disease contracted while in service
during the war with Mexico, praying to be al-
lowed all the immunities and emoluments which
the pension laws allow to the widow of a lieu-
tenant colonel; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Also, a memorial of citizens of the State of New
York, who served in the war of 1812, praying that
all who received less than one hundred and sixty
acres of land, under the act of 1850, may receive
an additional quantity sufficient to make one hun-
dred and sixty acres; and that all those who served
in any war, and are not provided for by existing
laws, may receive a like quantity, without regard
to length of service; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Also, the petition of Christian F. Funch, pray-
ing that a register may be issued for a foreign-built
bark, under the name of the " Lily." which was
purchased by him, and repaired in theUnited States;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also, a petition of citizens of Oneida county,
New York,praying that the President of the Uni-
ted States may be instructed to tender his friendly
offices as a mediator between the European Powers
now unhappily involved in war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. RE1D presented the petition of Captain S.
L. Fremont, late an officer of the Army of the
United States, one of those wrecked on the steam-
ship San Francisco, asking that an act may be
passed causing his accounts, as regimental quar-
termaster and commissary, to be settled at the
Treasury Department; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
M r. G EYER presented the petition of Edmund
H. McCabe, of Missouri, praying to be allowed
to locate a quantity of land, equal in quantity to
that belonging to him, but which was illegally sold
by the United States; which was referred to tha
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
citizens of Essex, Hancock county, Maine, and
vicinity, praying the repeal of the fugitive slave
law; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, the petition of William Allen, grandson
of Jonathan Allen, an officer in the Revolution,
praying that the seven years half-pay due his
ancestor, may be paid to the heirs; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. TOOMBS presented five petitions of citi-
zens of the District of Columbia, praying the pas-
sage by the Senate of the bill of the House of
