1855..
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
Court, arid, at the same time, satisfy the country,
by providing for a speedy and able administration
of justice in the Federal tribunals?
The honorable Senator from Illinois [Mr.
DanGLAs] has prepared, with great care, and, no
doubt, afteir mature consideration, a plan which he
thinks will afford sufficient relief to the Judges of
the Supreme Court, and, at the same time answer
all the demands of the country upon this depart-
ment of thie Government. That proposition is,
that all the district judges in each judicial circuit,
together with one Judge of the Supreme Court,
shall hold, annually, one term of a general court,
or court of conference, to hear appeals and decide
upon writs of error from the district courts; and
that appeals and writs of error, within certain
limitations, shall lie from this court of conference
to the Supreme Court; and he thinks this modifi-
cation of the present system will afford to the
Judges of the Supreme Court all the relief that is
desirable, while it will still maintain the represent-
ative feature in the present organization. That
honorable Senator suggested that, in his opinion,
the Judges of the Supreme Court, if his proposi-
tions were agreed to, would be able to discharge
the business in theSupreme Court in three months;
and that they could, also, preside in the interme-
diate appellate cnurt, to be established m their
several circuits,once a year,and have six months
of relaxation from judicial labors.
The general features of the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Illinois struck me favorably;
but, upon further- consideration on my part, and
after hearing the views of several gentlemen better
acquainted with the extent of the business in the
Supreme Court than I am, i have become satisfied
that this plan will not bring that relief to the Judges
of the Supreme Court which the honorable Sena-
tor supposes it will; and furthermore, that it will
not be satisfactory to the country. Thefirstobjec-
tion to it is, the interminable and vexatious delays
to which it would subject the suitors who resort
to the district courts of the United States for a
decision of the ir causes. The intermediate appel-
late court proposed is to sit but once a year. If
two terms of such a court could be held annually,
that would obviate the objection of the delays in
the final decision of causes in the district courts;
but would it bring any relief to, or lessen the ex-
cessive burdens of, the Justices of the Supreme
Court? If we provide for the holding nf two
terms of this intermediate court annually, then the
Judges of the Supreme Court, after a session of
not more than three months at Washington—and
they cornld not sit longer—would be compelled
to hold, the first, or spring term, of the new court
in thf.'ir-respective districts; and, if you assign
them another term, the first will be scarcely over—
at ail events, the dog days of summer will scarcely
have passed—before they will have to attend the
pecond term; and at the close of that, they will
have but short repose before they will have to
recommence their labors in Washington. It is
clear, then, that, to require the Supreme Court
Judges to hold two terms annually of the new
courts proposed to be established, would not di-
minish the burdens now imposed upon them; per-
haps ic would rather increase than diminish them.
It was probably in view of this result that the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois did not think it expe-
dient to provide for more than one term of the
new appellaie court. But I think the honorable
Senator hat! not duly considered the extent of the
delays to which suitors would be subjected by his
plan of providing for only one term in each year
of the new appellate court.
The Senator suggested that these appellate courts
shall be held in the month of May, soon after the
judges, it is assumed, will be able to dispose of
all the business on the docket of the Supreme
Court. Well, let us suppose that the Judges of
the Supreme Court can dispatch the business in
that court in the time to which they will be thus
limited, and that they will have strength and health
enough to proceed to the places of holding the
term of the appellate court, in their respective
circuits; and, aided by their associates of the dis-
trict courts, to dispatch all the business in that
court; still what will be the consequences to the
parties or suitors, whose causes have been taken
to that court from the district courts? The dis-
trict courts are held semi-annually, in each of the
judicial districts in the United States. Then, it
follows, that the cases on appeal, or writs of error,
pending in the appellate court at each annual term
of that court, must embrace the appeals and writs
of error taken from the decisions made at the two
preceding terms of each of the district courts
in the circuit. Thus, it may be assumed, that
one half the cases pending for adjudication, at any
term of the appellate court, will have been decided
in the district courts a year before the sitting of
the appellate court. This is not all. We know
that the decision of incidental points of law
arising in nisi prius causes, and the misdirection,
or supposed misdirection, of judges to juries, are
prolific sources of appeals and writs of error to
appellate courts; and we may take it for granted,
that the appellate court proposed by the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois, will, in very
many cases, reverse the decision of the district
judges and send them back for new trials in the
district court; and even on a second trial below,
new questions may arise, and the cause be taken
a second time to the appellate court, where it may
have to wait another year for a final decision in
that court, and then be taken to the Supreme
Court by either party feeling aggrieved. It will
thus be perceived, that the delays necessarily in-
cident to the plan proposed by the Senator from
Illinois, may, and probably will, prove oppressive
and intolerable.
For these reasons, I consider that, on the point
of delay, there is a conclusive objection to the
plan proposed by the honorable Senator from
Illinois. I repeat, that I think it likely that he
did not consider what delays might be the conse-
quence of providing that such an appellate court
should only be held once a year; and it would be
inconsistent with his plan of bringing the relief,
which all concede should be extended to the
Judges of the Supreme Court, to provide for two
terms of the appellate court in each year. He
must see, on reflection, and other Scnatois must
see, as well as 1 do, that if the Judges of the Su-
' preme Coui t should be required to ait in the appel-
late court twice a year, no relief, no diminution
of their labors would follow.
Then, Mr. President, however desirable it may
be to preserve the connection of the Supreme
Court Judges with the circuit courts, in whatever
manner they may be constituted, I think it is ap-
parent that that connection will have to be giveu
up if we provide any remedy for existing evils.
Now, then, if we lay aside the idea, as 1 think
we must, of appointing eleven additional circuit
judges, what other remedy have we left? The
only other admissible proposition is, to confide to
the district courts the jurisdiction now exercised
by the circuit courts of the United States. I per-
ceive that the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Chase] has had laid upon our tables this morn-
ing an amendment which seems to have been
drawn up with some care, having that object in
view. Forseveral days past, 1 have been revolving
in my mind a similar plan—one which 1 thought
would diminish the burdens of the Judges of the
Supreme Court, and also be satisfactory to the
country. I consulted several distinguished gen-
tlemen of the Senate, of greater experience in the
business of the Supreme Court than myself, upon
the proposition 1 proposed to submit, and found
that they were not indisposed to adopt it, as a
mode of overcoming some of the impediments
which threatened to defeat any plan which had
before been suggested.
There is only one point of difference between
my plan and that which has been submitted by
the honorable Senator from Ohio. I propose that
we organize the several district courts of the Uni-
ted States, as they are now established by law,
or with such additions or alterations as may be
essential or demanded by the extension of our
territory, into circuits, and that they be arranged
in such a manner that each district court may be
held by three district judges. When we come to
consider the increased responsibility which would
attach to the district judges, in civil causes, by
j giving to them, and to them exclusively, the ju-
| nsdiction and powers of the present circuit courts,
j we shall see still greater reasons for making the
I modifications which I suggest of the proposition
of the honorable Senator from Ohio. I propose
to arrange the circuits in such a manner that three
district judges shall hold the courts, in the respect-
ive judicial districts within their circuits, twice
a year, as now provided by law. To carry out
this plan it may be neceesary to establish, in
some of the States, an additional judicial district.
By the organization which I propose, any man
who has a suit in one of these courts, either an
plaintiff or defendant, will see that he has a court
entirely competent, in point of legal learning,
taking the three judges together, and calculated
to give as high security, for the able and impartial
administration of justice, as the circuit courts, as
now established, can give.
By this organization, by thus increasing the
responsibilities we shall elevate the character of
the district courts and judges, and, at the same
time, improve their competency. In many judicial
districts of the United States we need something
of that sort; for many of the district judges have
not the proper or a sufficient stimulus to accom-
plish themselves as judges by devoting themselves
to studies connected with their official duties.
While we thus multiply the labors, and increase
the responsibility, of the district judges, an in-
crease of their present salaries will necessarily
follow; but such increase need not be greater, in
most cases, than the Senate has already manifested
a disposition to provide by the votes taken on the
bill reported by the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Toombs.] It cannot be questioned, that,
by this modification of the district courts, the
suitors, and the public generally, will be even
better satisfied, and inspired with a higher degree
of confidence in their decisions than they can be
in the decisions of one district judge, or even now,
of a court held by that judge, and a circuit judge
sitting by his side; especially in those causes
which are precluded, by the existing limitations,
from being taken to the Supreme Court.
The only question of difficulty, I think, which
can arise in adopting the plan which I propose,
will be, whether it is practicableso to arrange the
judicial districts in the several circuits as to secure
the attendance of three district judges to hold each
court. I have already remarked that there may
be some circuits or districts in which it may be
found inconvenient or impracticable to carry out
an organization requiring these judges to hold the
district courts. This would be the case in some
districts where the business is very large; but if
the districts, as they now stand, cannot be conve-
niently arranged into circuits to carry out the de-
sign which 1 have in view, it will be very easy to
add additional districts, and very few new districts
can be necessary.
The most plausible objection which I have heard
suggested, by any gentleman with whom 1 have
conferred on the subject, was, thatin the principal
maritime districts, embracing New York, Boston,
Baltimore, Philadelphia, New Orleans, and, per-
haps, some other cities, cases of admiralty juris-
diction are so numerous, and of such daily occur-
rence, that it would be improper and inexpedient
to call away judges from those districts for the
purpose of holding courts in adjoining districts.
That objection might be removed by creating ad-
ditional districts, or appointing additional judges
for those districts, and arranging them in such a
manner that a district judge should always be at
hand to make orders at chambers. The eastern
district of New York might be divided into
two, or even more, districts, m view of the great
amount of business before the district court in the
city of New York, if necessary. So in Califor-
nia. I suppose admiralty causes in San Francisco
are so frequent and numerous, that ic is probable
it would not be expedient to require the district
judge, at any time, to sit in any district court.
But these are details to which it is not necessary
now for me to d well upon; all these difficulties can
be easily overcome.
The plan which I propose, sir, I think would
be well received by the country, particularly by
those sections and districts which have never had
the advantages or benefits of the present system.
We know that, in some of the districts, as now
established, the Judges of the Supreme Court
have not been able to hold circuit courts. They
would not have the physical ability to do so.
Then, sir, with littleor no increase of expense, we
shall, by the proposed arrangement, have district
courts as satisfactory to the people of the whole
country as the present circuit eourts of the United
States, inspiring all the confidence which the cir-
cuit courts now do, and extending their benefits
and advantages equally to all, without burdening
the Judges of the Supreme Court by requiring
them to attend them.
