296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
In every point of view in which I can consider
the subject, I think the public would be well sat-
isfied with such ah arrangement. I do not pro-
pose to continue my remarks, for I hope we may
come to a vote on the pending motion. I have
thrown out these suggestions with the view that,
if the bill goes to the Committee on the Judiciary,
as proposed, they may take this plan into consid-
eration, and reject or approve it, as they may
think it expedient, or otherwise.
Mr. CHASE. I desire now to submit the
amendments of which I yesterday gave notice, h
is to strikeout all after the words ** circuit duty,"
in the fifth line of the first section of the original
billi and insert the following:
But they shall continue to have and exercise the same
jurisdiction and powers now vested in them by law, within
any of the circuits in which they may respectively reside,
al,lowing writs of habeas corpus and writs of error ; and no
vacancy occurring in the office of associate justice &ha!l
be fined by a new appointment until the number of jus-
tices shall be reduced to six; and thereafter the Supreme
Court shall consist of a Chief Justice and five Associate
Justices.
Sec. 2. Jindbeit further enacted, That the circuitcourts
of the United States, as heretofore organized, be and the
same are hereby abolished, and the districts courts of the
United States, and the judges thereof, besides the district
court jurisdiction no,w conferred upon them by law, shall
have, and are hereby invested with, all the jurisdiction and
powers now lawfully exercised or possessed by the circuit
courts of the United States, or the judges thereof, and the
«aid district courts shall be held at the same t imps and places
as are now established for the said circuitcourts.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That whenever any
district judge, by reason of physical disability, interest, or
having been of counsel in a cause, shall be unable to sit as
judge at any term, or in any particular cause, then, on
reasonable notice of such inability to sit being given by
Buch district judge to the district judge of an adjoining dis-
trict, and it shall be the duty of thejudge thus notified,and
he is hereby authorized, to hold the term of the court or try
the particular cause, as the exigency may require.
Sec. 4. And be it further cnacteds That all actions,
suits, process, pleadings, and other proceedings, of what
nature or kind soever, depending or existing inihe present
circuit courts of the United States, shall be, arid hereby
are, transferred and continued over to the district courts,
respectively, in which such actions., buits, process, or other
proceedings, ought by law to have been originally insti-
tuted, had this act been in force at the time of the inception
of any such action, suits, or other proceedings; and no
process issued, or proceedings pending, in any or either of
the said courts, shall be avoided or impaired by any chance
of organization made by this act; but all process, bail bond's,
•r recognizances, returnable at the next term of anv or
either of the said courts as now bylaw established, shall be
returnable and returned to the terms of the said district
courts, respectively, next held according to this act, in the
■arne manner as if so made returnable on the lace thereof,
*nd shall have full effect accordingly, and all continuances
may be made to conform to the provisions of this act; and
appeals, and writs of error, shall be allowed fiom the judg-
ments, orders, and decrees of said di«tiu:t court*, >n the
same manner as now from the district or circuit courts
respectively.
Sec. 5. And he 11 further enacted, That all laws and
parts of laws, inconsistent with the provisions of this act,
be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
In the present condition of things, that amend-
ment can be received at this time only by unani-
mous consent. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, it will be seen
at once what the object of this amendment is. I
agree to the principle of the bill reported from the
Committee on the Judiciary. This amendment
preserves that principle throughout; and, if I
understand the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary aright, it embodies substantially the
plan which he himself originally favored. It
relieves the Judges of the Supreme Court from
circuit duties. In this respect the piovision of the
committee's bill is retained. I shall not undertake
to review the grounds upon which that relief is
conceived to be indispensable. I concur in the
Tiews which have been so fully and clearly stated
by other Senators on that subject, and by none
with .more clearness and felicity than by the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware, who sits near me,
[Mr. Bayard.]
Next, this amendment avoids the objection
urged with so much force by the honorable chair-
man of the cemmittee, and by the honorable Sen-
ator from Delaware, against an intermediate court
of uppeals. That intermediate court, if estab-
lished, would undoubtedly occasion much delay,
much inconvenience, and much expense to suitors;
and, so far as I am able to judge, would afford no
benefit at all responsive to the magnitude of the
inconveniences which it would occasion.
Next, my amendment abolishes the circuit
courts, and thus attains the oljcct desired by sev-
eral Senators, who have spoken in the debate, and
especially by the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Bell,] who last addressed the Senate. It devolves
the jurisdiction of those circuit courts on the dis-
trict courts, thus elevating the district judges to
the rank of circuit judges throughout the country,
giving them new responsibilities, a higher posi-
tion , and a deeper sense, in my judgment, of their
responsibilities and position.
In this way, Mr. President, some very import-
ant objects will be secured. The great end of the
institution of courts of justice is security for prop-
erty, life, and liberty to the citizen. This security
should be attained in the most direct, the most
simple, and the most expeditious mode possible.
According to the provisions of this amendment,
the original suit in each case will be brought in
the district court, and will receive there a prompt
and early determination. Two sessions of the
Supreme Court will be held here in Washington
each year, and if the parties be not satisfied with
the decision of the court below, they will have a
ready appeal to, and an early decision from, the
Supreme Court; so that the speediest possible final
adjudication of the case will be secured. These,
in my judgment, are great advantages.
In the next place, Mr. President, justice will be
comparatively cheap under the provisions of this
amendment. The suitor, in most cases, will be
obliged to resort to but one court, and, in no
case, to more than two, for a final decision. In
neither court can there be as much delay asunder
either of the other systems proposed. To save
time is to save money; and, besides, prompt jus-
tice always costs less than dilatory justice in
actual outlay.
Prompt justice then, and cheap justice, will be
attained by this plan. In my judgment, it has a
further recommendation. So far as I am able to
gather the sense of the body from the remarks
made by the Senators, no plan is likely to receive
the sanction of the Senate which proposes a greater
departure from the existing system. This plan
has the merit of simplicity. It proposes no exten-
sive changes, but simply modifies the existing
system so far as to meet the existing exigency.
Sir, I concur fully in what fell from the honor-
able Senator from Tennessee. I think the sug-
gestions which he made were suggestions of great
value; and 1 should be extremely glad to see the
ideas which he suggested incorporated into a bill;
but I will submit to that honorable Senator
whether it is expedient, at present, to attempt to
so considerable a change as he suggests. If we
attempt to remodel the districts of the United States
by uniting several and providing a district court,
consisting of the judges of two, three, or four dis-
tricts, I fear we shall encounter difficulties and
delays which may put all reform at hazard. I
doubt very much whether any such bill as is ne-
cessary for that purpose, can receive the sanction
of both Houses of Congress at this session. The
proposed amendment, if adopted by the Senate,
may.
The principle advanced by the honorable Sena-
tor from Tennessee, I adopt; I give it my hearty
concurrence. My only objection to acting on it
at this time, is the fear, that by attempting to
introduce into this bill too much, we shall lose
everything. I 'rust it may be the pleasure of the
Senate to act upon this amendment—[ am quite
indifferent in what form—either by referring the
whole bill back to the Judiciary Committee, or
by disposing of it now, and ascertaining what
the judgment of the Senate really is. 1 take it,
that the division of opinion is substantially be-
tween two plans—the one retaining the general
principle of the Judiciary Committee, and relieving
the Supreme Court Judges; the other establishing
intermediate appellate courts, and requiring in
these the attendance of those judges.
I have no desire to detain the Senate, but I
have thought it my duty to submit these brief
remarks in explanation of the amendment which
I have had the honor to offer. I trust it may
receive an indulgent consideration.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I think the
motion to recommit this bill to the Committee on
the Judiciary is premature. I think it is highly
desirable that we should obtain some vote which
may be regarded as a test vote. Here are two
distinct propositions for the reorganization of the
judiciary of the United States. All the Senators
seem to agree in the opinion that in order to make
the judicial system more efficient) it is necessary
to reorganize it. A portion of the Senate prefer
the old system of circuit judges; in other words,
they desire to retain what is usually denominated
the representative system. There are other Sena-
tors again, who have satisfied themselves that/out
ought not to impose any circuit duties whatever
on the Judges of the Supreme Court. Now, I
think it is high time we were taking the latitude
and longitude of our position. Let us ascertain,
in the first place, whether it is the intention of the
Senate so to reorganize the judiciary as to exempt
the Judges of the Supreme Court entirely from
circuit duty? If such be the opinion of the Sen-
ate, I can readily perceive how we might very soon
agree as to the manner in which that should be
accomplished. But, sir, the great difficulty in de-
termining all questions of this sort arises from the
fact, that nine tenths of the Senators on this floor
belong to the legal profession; and hence, when-
ever we come to a question which involves the
reorganization of the judiciary, or which belongs
or is in any way connected with that profession,
the contrariety which very generally exists among
us, is exhibited. " Doctors disagree," and this is,
unfortunately, the case oftentimes with lawyers.
Mr. President, I have a decided preference for
the representative system, if that system be prac-
ticable; in other words, [ am unwilling to relieve
the Judges of the Supreme Court froth the perform-
ance of circuit duties, unless their duties in this
city require as much of their time and attention as
we ought to demand from public officers. The
whole question, so far as I am concerned, is a
question of fact merely. Has the business of this
court so increased as to require as much of the
time and attention of the judges in this city as you
ought to demand ? Sir, the law is a progressive
science. It requires constant application and
study, in order to enable judges faithfully and
properly to discharge the various duties which are
imposed on them. Some time, too, should be
given for relaxation. Now, if the business of the
country has so accumulated as to require as much
of their time and attention here as ought to be de-
manded for the public business, then 1 am willing
to relieve them from the performance of circuit
duty—not otherwise. If the circuit system is
practicable, I, of course, prefer it.
There is another question. To say the least,
itis exceedingly doubtful whether,under the Con-
stitution of the United States, you have the power
to impose circuit duties upon the Judges of the
Supreme Court. Suppose that, under this reor-
ganization, some one of those judges should re-
fuse to go to that distant country from whence I
come; suppose that they should regard the hazards,
by land and sea, as far too great to justify them
in opening a circuit court in the State of Califor-
nia; where is the power in this Government to
compel that judge to go there? Do you desire to
adopt a system which may deny to one portion of
the Confederacy the rights and privileges which
were intended to be secured under your judicial
systems to all portions of the Union ?
I ask you, Mr. President, and I ask the Senators
here assembled whether there is any power in this
Government to compel one of the Judges of the
Supreme Court to go and perform circuit duties in
the far and distant State of California ? If there
be no power, why attempt to impose the duty
upon him ? I may be told that he could be im-
peached; but, sir, Mr. Jefferson denominated the
impeachment clause in the Constitution as a mere
"scarecrow." It is worse than that—it is a
humbug. In order to successfully impeach a judge
for that, it would require two thirds of the Senate
to say that they believed that, under the Constitu-
tion, Congress had the power to impose those cir-
cuit duties upon him. We find, however, that
the only power given by the Constitution is to
establish '< one Supreme Court, and such inferior
courts as Congress may, from time to time, ordain
and establish. ' I think it is exceedingly doubtful
whether under this clause you can impose on the
Judges of the Supreme Court any duties which
properly appertain to an inferior court.
In my judgment, so far as expediency is con-
cerned, it is a matter of small importance whether
you impose circuit duties on the Supreme Court
Judges or not. I should not be afraid to have
them sit in this city. I have the highest degree
of confidence in the integrity, patriotism, and
capacity of all the members of that court. I
have none of the fears or apprehensions which
