1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297
seemed to disturb the mind of Mr. Jefferson nearly
half a century ago, when, I believe, he was led to
declare that the Federal judiciary " was a subtle
corps of sappers and miners who were constantly
working under ground to undermine the forma-
tion of our confederated fabric." There may
have been something in the decisions of that day
which would induce an Executive officer to enter-
tain such feelings towards that court; but what-
ever might have been the opinion entertained then,
the experience of fifty years has demonstrated, that
in that court you find the bulwark of constitutional
liberty.
But for the fact that that court is so organized
as to represent the various sections of this Union,
that sectional feeling which has now and then
broken out in some portions of the Confederacy,
might, ere tins, have disturbed the Constitution
itself Notwithstanding the excitement which
has oftentimes prevailed in this country—notwith-
standing the violent contests for political power
which have shook the Republic from the centre to
the circumference, no one has ever assailed the
purity or integrity of our judges. That court has
stood unmoved amidst the most violent storms—its
members unassailed when party spirit raged in its
wildest form.
But Mr. President, adopt whatever system
you may, 1 am anxious that that portion of the
Union from which I come shall have the benefit
of our judicial system. X understand that even in
Arkansas, no circuit judge has held court there,
if the Judges of the Supreme Court are unwilling
to go to the State of Arkansas or Florida, how
much more unwilling would they be to take all the
hazards of a voyage of five or six thousand miles
to the Pacific coast ?
1 have made these remarks, Mr. President,
simply for the purpose of directing the attention
of the Senate to the necessity of determining
something before we refer this bill to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. Let us determine this
leading question, whether we shall relieve the
Supreme Court Judges from the circuit duties or
not? And then, that qaestion being determined,
1 apprehend the Committee on the Judiciary could
very readily bring in a bill which would meet the
approbation of the Senate. I have no fears, such
as seem to have been entertained by other Sen-
ators, from the judges being brought in contact
with the people. A portion of the Senate who
advocate the representative system, claim that it
is exceedingly desirous that the Judges of the
Supreme Court should intermingle with the bar
and the people of the respective districts. I never
knew a public officer injured by an association
with the people. I think'he would be much more
apt to be contaminated if he were sitting in this
city, with the shuffling, trading, professional poli-
ticians around him, who annually vegetate in this
capital. The judges will be much more apt to be
contaminated by a contact with them, than by a
contact with the people of the circuits. In the
one case they would breathe a wholesome atmos-
phere—m the other an atmosphere calculated to
corrupt and destroy honest principles.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, 1 have but a
few remarks to make, and I shall confine myself
entirely to the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio. 1 will state what, with me, is the greatest
objection to it.
There is much in the amendment to commend
itself to the consideration of the Senate. Itabol-
ishes any intermediate court of appeals between
the inferior court, which has original jurisdiction,
and the Supreme Court of the United States. I
confess I have never felt that there was any abso-
Jutenecessity forany intermediate court of appeals.
But the difficulty which meets the proposition of
the Senator from Ohio, and which seems to me
to be insuperable, is that, by it, you are only
removing the saddle from one horse to another.
The present bill is rendered requisite by the fact
that it is impracticable for the Judges of the Su-
preme Court to perform their duties here in the
appellate court, properly and with due deliber-
ation, and also to ride the circuits. The amend-
ment proposed by the honorable Senator from
Ohio, while it relieves the Judges of the Supreme
Court from being overworked, places such a
weight of duty on the judges of the district courts,
in many of the large districts, that I hold it would
be absolutely impracticable for them to perform
those duties.
Ami not right, sir? Will not the honorable
Senators from Massachusetts, from New York,
from Pennsylvania, from Maryland,from Louisi-
ana, and from California, say that, if you add the
civil and criminal jurisdiction of the circuit courts
of the United States to the duties of the district
courts in those States, which are mainly in cases
of admiralty jurisdiction, the judges could not get
through with the mass of business which would
be thrown upon them? If that be so, beyond all
question it would produce delay in justice.
Sir, there is no more simplicity, in point of fact,
in this amendment, except avoiding the interme-
diate appellate court, than there is in the mode
proposed by the Committee on the Judiciary. We
leave the system as it now is, with the exception
of withdrawing the individuals who are to sit in
the circuit court, and restoring the capacity of the
circuit court to sit twice a year, in fact, which the
law now nominally requires. In order to accom-
plish that, we ask for the appointment of circuit
judges as an independent body. You thus have
the advantage to which the honorable Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Cass] alluded, on a former occa-
sion, of having two judges sit in the circuit court,
and you have a sufficient number of tribunals of
original jurisdiction to enable those judges to
accomplish their duties within a reasonable time.
If, however, you could remove the difficulty of
impracticability, arising from the weight of labor
which you would throw on the judges of the dis-
trict courts in the commercial districts, by trans-
ferring to them the circuit court jurisdiction, I do
not know that I should object to that portion of
the honorable Senator's plan. My opinion is,
that with the information I have, it would be ab-
solutely impracticable in those large districts for
the district judges to get through with the busi-
ness that would be thrown on them. In the
southern district of New York now, the district
judge ia unable to perform the duties devolving on
him merely as district judge.
Then, as to the second portion of the honorable
Senator's proposition to reduce the Judges of the
Supreme Court to six, my own opinion, as I have
before stated, coincides with that view. I have
hesitated between six and eight as the proper
number of Judges of the Supreme Court. I am
sure an even number is best. But the committee
agreed to leave the Supreme Court untouched in
this bill, except so far as to withdraw the judges
from circuit duties, and I cannot depart from that
determination, though if the honorable Senator
from Ohio will introduce another bill for the pur-
pose of reducing the number of Supreme Court
Judges either to six or eight, as vacancies occur,
I should cheerfully vote for it.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I hopethatsome
vote will be taken, by which we may get rid of
one or the other essential features of the opposing
propositions which are before us. My friend from
Illinois suggested, the other day, when the subject
was under consideration, that without any vote
being taken on subordinate amendments, to perfect
one system or the other, we should take a vote on
the general principle involved in his substitute,
establishing an intermediate appellate court. I
hope the vote will be taken, so as to test the sense
of the Senate whether that system shall pre-vail. If
i it be the sense of the Senate that it should be
| adopted, let us know it at once. If it be the sense
j of the Senate that it should not prevail, we could
| then consider the amendment of the honorable
| Senator from Ohio. If I cannot obtain the system
j which has been presented by the committee, it is
i possible that I may readily adopt the plan of the
| Senator from Ohio. At the proper time I shall
! give the reasons why I cannot consistently, with
i my duty as a member of the Committee on the
I Judiciary, take that plan at this time. I rose,
j however, to suggest the propriety,of taking a vote
I on the substitute of the Senator from Illinois, and
then let us £0 to the general bill.
Mr. GEYER. My understanding was the
same as that of the Senator from South Carolina.
|| I supposed we were about to take a vote which
I, would test the principle between these two prop-
! j ositions, and then, whichever might remain, would
i' be sent to the Judiciary Committee with the
[| amendments proposed. But, sir, the amendment
j' of the Senator from Ohio has been entertained and
i' a vote is to be taken on it.
jj The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Stuart.)
|l The Chair will  tate to the Senator from Missouri
that the pending question, as he understands, is
on the motion to refer the bill and amendments to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio was only received
by unanimous consent in order that it may be so
referred if that motion shall prevail.
Mr. GEYER. I did not understand that there
was a motion to refer.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Who made that motion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair re-
ceives his information from the Secretary, who
informs him that it was made by the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I made no such motion. I
gave notice that I should make such a motion as
soon as the vote should be taken on my substitute.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope the vote will be taken
distinctly, whether the principle of the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois shall be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. After the state-
ment which has been made by the Senator from
Illinois, of course there is no motion pending to
refer the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and the question will therefore be on the amend-
ment which has been proposed by the Senator
from Ohio to the original bill, that being in order
before the question is taken on the substitute.^
Mr. GEYER. I understand the proposition
submitted by the Senator from Illinois, and ac-
cepted by the Senator fram South Carolina, was
that we should take a vote upon the proposition
of the Senator from Illinois, merely as a test vote;
and that, if by that vote, it should be discovered
that the Senate preferred the bill reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary, itshould still be open
to amendment; and so, if it preferred the system
of the Senator from Illinois, that should be open
to amendment; and that, finally, all the amend-
ments should be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
But, sir, my object in rising now is to call the
attention of the Senator from Ohio, to some very
striking defects in his amendment. It provides
that the Supreme Court Judges shall perform cir-
cuit duties in the circuits in which they respect-
ively reside. I suppose his design was to make
them perform those duties in the circuits to which
they are respectively allotted; for now he will find
two of those judges residing in the same circuit,
and they might all, under this bill, be in one cir-
cuit. Another defect is, that it transfers the entire
jurisdiction of the circuit courts, appellate as well
as original, to the district courts, and directs that
all those cases which are there pending on appeal
or writof error, as well as those originally brought
in the circuit courts, shall be transferred, with the
papers, to the respective district courts. Another
defect is, that no provision is made for appeals or
writs of error from the district to the Supreme
Court of the United States, or any limit to the ju-
risdiction. These provisions will be indispensa-
ble, if his amendment is to be adopted as part of
the bill.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, if the Senator
from Missouri will do me the favor to look at the
fourth section of my amendment, he will find that
the appellate jurisdiction is very carefully provided
for. I think the provision by which the district
courts are substituted for the circuit courts, is also
properly framed. If, however, there are any
verbal changes which are required to give complete
effect to the idea of the amendment, I am entirely
content that they should be made. I rise, how-
ever, at this moment, merely for the purpose of
saying that I have no wish whatever, to press this
amendment at this time, if it be the pleasure of
the Senate to take a vote upon the amendment
offered by the Senator from Illinois; and for the
purpose of allowing the vote to be taken upon his
proposition, I shall withdraw this, and submit it
hereafter when I can do so in order.
I wish to say, however, at this point, that I
withdraw this amendment somewhat contrary to
my own judgment. As between the plan reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary, and the plan
of the Senator from Illinois, I should feel myself
constrained to vote for the latter, if both remain
unchanged. I entertain, however, decided objec-
tions to that plan, and concur in the principle of
the bill reported by the committee. My whole
purpose, in presenting this amendment, was to
relieve the bill of the committee from some objec-
tions which I knew prejudiced it with some Sen-
ators. My amendment is fortunate enough, I
