298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
am glad to find, to meet the approbation of the
members of the Committee on the Judiciary in its
substance, its principle, and generally, I believe,
in its details; and yet, for some reason, the mem-
bers of that committee seem to think they are in
duty bound to oppose it for the present. Under
these circumstances, I prefer to withdraw the
amendment and let the vote be taken on the sub-
stitute of the Senator from Illinois. If that amend-
ment shall be rejected, I will afterwards offer it
again.
Mr. WELLER. As I said a short time ago,
it is exceedingly desirable to obtain a test vote on
this question. For the purpose of accomplishing
that object, I move that this bill with all the
pending amendments, be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, with instructions to
report a bill providing for relieving the Judges
of the Supreme Court from the performance of
all circuit duty. That, I think, is a fair way of
testing the question. Then the Committee on the
Judiciary will be enabled to frame a bill in accord-
ance with the vote of the Senate. I move that
the bill and amendments be recommitted, with
these instructions.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator from California, that he would accomplish
what I know he aims at, more distinctly, by
moving to recommit the bill with instructions to
discharge the Judges of the Supreme Court from
holding any other court than the Supreme Court.
Mr. WELLER. Thatis the object, and it will
be accomplished by that mode, perhaps in a better
form than that I proposed myself. I accept that
modification. I ask for the yeas and nays 0,1 my
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHASE. This will carry with it the
amendment which I have submitted ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir; all
the amendments which have been proposed are
embraced in the order.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I shall not take
part in this general discussion. It is in far better
hands than mine. It is in the hands of those pro-
fessional gentlemen whose duties in life have
necessarily called their attention to the subject.
They all seem to me to unite in the opinion that
the labors of the Supreme Courtare now too great
to be discharged by the judges under the present
system. That seems to be the unanimous opinion
of the Senate. On that point, X wish, in a few
words, to express my views.
Thi3 country has advanced, we all know, in
territorial extent and numbers, and in all the ele-
ments of power and prosperity, in a most wonder-
ful manner. It is not singular, therefore, that the
necessity of judicial changes has advanced like-
wise. The details of the system may require
alteration, but it does not, therefore, follow that
in meeting the present exigencies we should de-
part from the great principles established at the
foundation of this Government and continued to
the present time. In 1789, when this Govern-
ment was established, the principle was adopted
of sending the Judges of the Supreme Court round
to the circuits. In 1809, after a hard political
contest, the only act that ever trenched on that
system was repealed. I hold in my hand the
debates on that occasion, and amongst others, the
observations of Mr. Jackson, a most eminent Sen-
■ ator from Georgia at that time, stating in very
strong terms, the necessity and the propriety of
sending the judges to hold the circuit courts of the
United States. He gives reasons for this which
seem to meJ.o be unanswerable. I shall not de-
tain the Senate by detailing the advantages of such
a course. They must strike every Senator; they
have already been well stated. It is good for the
judges in the discharge of their duties; it is good
for the people, that they shall be acquainted with
the bar, and the institutions of the respective
States; it is good that they shall aoquire a famil-
iarity with the practice of the different portions of
the Union, which local knowledge alone can give;
it is good that they should take possession of
public confidence, by administering justice in the
several localities of the Union.
Why, sir, there is no circuit which you can
now establish where the duties would be half as
onerous to the judges as were the duties in the
circuits established in 1739. As late as 1807,
Kentucky, Ohio, and Tennessee formed one cir-
cuit, and a Supreme Court Judge had to hold
courts in each district every year—two at Lex-
ington, one at Nashville, one at Knoxville, and
two at Chilicothe. Such are the facilities of inter-
course at the present day that it is much easier to
discharge the duties in any circuit now than it was
at that time.
Mr. President, throwing aside, for the present,
the consideration of details, I am willing to exon-
erate the Judges of the Supreme Court from any
unnecessary duties, and to give them a compensa-
tion in proportion. I wish to preserve the great
principle which has hitherto been observed in our
judiciary system. The substitute of the honorable
Senator from Illinois, in my opinion, does well
preserve it, and I am therefore in favor of the
principle of his proposition. Sir, we want public
confidence in the judiciary. I do not wish to have
them sitting all the time in a room in this Capitol.
1 do not wish to have them in Washington all the
year. I prefer that they should go around among
the States, and I would send them through the
several circuits. 1 would let them go to dilFerent
circuits in succession, so as to become acquainted
with the local institutions and the people in every
circuit. If you shut them up here, they become
a centralized, metropolitan court, almost as much
shut out from public view as the Veiled Prophet
was. I w'ant the public to see them. I think it
is vastly important, for the faithful execution of
their duties, that it should be so. The nonorable
Senator from Illinois stated, in strong and just
terms, the reasons for this, and I need not repeat
them.
Mr. President, I would make no rash experi-
ments on the judiciary. Of all the departments
of this Government, it should be touched most*
lightly. It lives and breathes upon public confi-
dence. The judiciary is neither the purse nor the
sword. It cannot carry into effect a single de-
cree without calling upon the other departments of
the Government to aid it. We have gone on well,
under the present system. There is no instance of
a charge of corruption against any member of the
Federal judiciary, from the commencement of the
Government down to the moment when I am ad-
dressing the Senate. They have gone on well,
and they deserve all credit.
Mr. President, it is an impressive spectacle—
almost a sublime one—to see nine men, all of
them of mature age, and some of them in the ex-
tremity of human life, sitting here in the Supreme
Court, establishing great principles, essential to
private and to public prosperity, and to the dura-
tion of the Government; whose influence is felt
through the whole Union, and whose decrees are
implicitly obeyed. It is the triumph of moral
force. It is not the influence of the sword. On
the continent of Europe you do not find an officer
without a sword by his side. The first thing that
attracts your attention, on landing on the conti-
nent of Europe, is a sword with a man tied to it.
So it is from one end of that continent to the other.
You cannot enter a court of justice there without
passing a sentinel at the door. Here we have
nothing of the kind; and my desire is to have a
judiciary dependent on moral, and not on physical
force. I repeat, it is a great moral spectacle to see
the decrees of the Judges of our Supreme Court
on the most vital questions obeyed in such a coun-
try as this. They determine questions of bounda-
ries between independent States, proud of their
character and position, and tenacious oftheir rights,
but who yet submit. They have stopped armed
men in ourcountry. Iowa and Missouri, I think,
had almost got to arms about their boundary line,
but they were stopped by the intervention of the
court. In Europe, armies run lines, and they
run them with bayonets and cannon. They are
marked with ruin and devastation. In our coun-
try they are run by an orderof this court. They
are run by an unarmed surveyor, with his chain
and his compass; and the monuments which he
puts down are not monuments of devastation, but
peaceable ones. Yes, Mr. President, more secure
than that great Asiatic wall which passes for hun-
dreds of miles along the frontier of China, going
neither to the right nor to the left, crossing val-
leys and mountains, which was erected under the
mistaken idea that it might be substituted for
courage and patriotism, and which is now only a
memorial of material power, and of mora! and
physical weakness. But, in our country those
lines are run under the direction of the Supreme
Court. If I do not mistake, there is a case of that
description now pending before that court, between
two of the southern States, but on that point the
Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Badger] is
better informed than I am. It is a most honora-
ble and noble spectacle to see the proud, independ-
ent members of this Confederacy coming to the
bar of this court, and laying their cases before it.
For these reasons, sir, I say again, I would
preserve, as much as possible, the great principles
which were established on this subject at the foun-
dation of the Government. Although, I am pretty
much of an "Old Fogy," as every body knows, I
have accommodated myself to the progress of the
age; but, sir, in this day of change, I wcu'd hold
on to the judiciary, which has done so well.
Mr. BADGER. I shall vote, with great pleas-
ure, for the motion submitted by the honorable
Senator from California; and after making that
statement, and before recording the vote which I
shall give, I wish to state very biiefly the reasons
for it.
1 agree in almost everything that has been so
forcibly and eloquently spoken by the honorable
and distinguished Stnator from Michigan, [Mr.
Cass.] I should, with him, be extremely sorry
to see the day when the decrees of our courts could
only be enforced at the point of the bayonet, and
when the usual appendages of a court of justice
should be armed sentinels stationed at the doors.
I agree with him, also, that the great Chinese wall
presents to us a stupendous exhibition of physical
strength accompanied with moral and intellectual
weakness; and 1 would far rather have, for my own
country, that barrier of protection against foreign
inroads which she has always possessed, and now
possesses, in the courage and patriotism of her
sons. I agree with him, also, that it is desirable
that the judges sitting in the court of last resort
should be accustomed to the transaction of busi-
ness habitually in the courts below; and I think
such occupation in the court below tends to keep
the intellectual faculties of the judge bright and
active, and to bring him in contact with the daily
application of the practical business of life and
the courts to those rules which he settles in the
court of final resort.
But, sir, as I said briefly the other day, the cir-
cumstances of our country are changed. With
an empire embracing almost half a world, itseema
to me impracticable that we can have judges to
traverse all the States of the Union for the purpose
of holding circuits, and at the same time to dis-
charge with effect, and in the manner the country
has a right to expect them to be discharged, the
duties which devolve upon them as the tribunal in
the last resort. It is true, as the honorable Sen-
ator says, that, in consequence of the improved
facilities of travel, distance is not now the obstacle
to a convenient administration of justice in distant
places which it was in the year i789, or in 1802.
But, sir, the business of the country has accumu-
lated beyond example. The courts below, in the
larger portions of the Union, are burdened with
business. The court above, in the last resort, is
overwhelmed with business; and, under such cir-
cumstances, if the judge could be transmitted to
the place at which he is to discharge his duty,
either from the seat of Government or his resi-
dence, with the speed of the telegraph, we should
not be placed in the condition in which we were in
the year 1802. The judge then traveled slowly,
it is true. He took an ordinary post-coach, and
made his five or six, or, perhaps, only his three or
four miles an hour; and he arrived in the place in
which he was to hold his circuit court after a travel
which had occupied a period of time that would
now send him half round the globe. But when
he arrived there he had a small docket to deal with.
In a few days everything was disposed of; and",
with the same mode of traveling, he could return
to his home. Now, the increase of business in
the circuit courts, and the increase of business in
the Supreme Court, put together, constitute a case;
in which, if the time of traveling were entirely
stricken out of the computation, the same judges
cannot effectually and successfully discharge The
duties of both courts.
It would seem to me, therefore, however desir-
able it is in point of fact—and I agree with the
honorable Senator from Michigan; 1 think it is
desirable in point of fact—that the connection of
the Judges of the Supreme Court wiih the circuit
court should be maintained; we are now placed
in such a situation that we cannot maintain that
