1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
favor of relieving the Judges of the Supreme Court
from circuit duties. The only difference among
those who constitute it relates to the mode in
which this shall be effected. Now the best plan,
it seems to me, is the simplest plan, and that sim-
plest plan is, to relieve the judges from these cir-
cuit duties, and devolve them upon the district
judges. That establishes the general principle,
and accomplishes what is most desirable, and by
the most simple process. The effects of this legis-
lation I do not wish to discuss. They have been
explained sufficiently by other Senators. It is
enough for me to say that I am satisfied, by their
argument, that these effects will be beneficial to the
court and the country.
Now, the only objection which has been urged
against the amendment which I have had the honor
to propose, and which is a proposition interme-
diate between the plan of the Judiciary Commit-
tee and the plan of the Senator from Illinois, is,
that it devolves immediately too much labor upon
the district judges. That is the only objection I
have heard. It may be well founded; but if such
be the fact, here and there, in some of the larger
cities of the Union, should we, therefore, do
nothing this session ? Should the Senate, on ac-
count of a partial inconvenience, which may be
easily remedied hereafier, refuse to do what all
agree to be desirable? Why, sir, nothing will be
removed from the control of Congress by the
adoption of the plan which I propose. You ac-
complish two objects. You relieve the Supreme
Court Judges from their circuit duties, and you
devolve those duties upon the district courts; and
that is all; hereafter you can increase the number
of district judges, as is propos-'d by the Senator
from Tennessee, [Mr. Bei,l,J or you can relieve
the district judges of a portion of the duties de-
volved upon them, as is suggested by the Sen-
ator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] by increasing the
amount necessary to give jurisdiction. The whole
subject of the judicial system will still be com-
pletely within the control of Congress; and any
defects ascertained by the working of the plan
proposed, can be remedied without difficulty here-
after.
Why, then, should we postpone this bill, and
refuse to make a desirable reform, because no one
is able to obtain that which he would wish? I
could frame a better plan, according to my own
judgment, than that which 1 have proposed; but
I proposed this, because I prefer to adopt the
general principle of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and adhere to it throughout, changing de-
tails only, so far as seems necessary, in order to
conciliate the suffrages of a majority of Senators.
I hope, therefore, that the indefinite postponement
may not be agreed to, and that we may have a
vote on my amendment, and the bill.
Mr. DAWSON. In the course which I have
pursued on this bill I have uniformly been gov-
erned by the Committee on the Judiciary. I find
that committee are now divided, and I think it
utterly impracticable for us to settle, at this time,
upon any satisfactory bill. I have come to the
conclusion, therefore, to vote for the postponement
of the question, thinking that, during this short
session, we shall not be able to agree upon any
satisfactory bill that may be presented. I think
this is evident from the course of the various gen-
tlemen who compose the committee. I shall,
therefore, vote for the postponement.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
Georgia is mistaken in supposing that at least a
majority of the committee have any difficulty in
concurring, as to the bill which has been reported
to the Senate. They have not varied from that.
A majority wish to adhere to it as the proper
system. The difficulty is really in ascertaining
the sense of the Senate. We have had two or
three test votes, but no one can, from any of
those votes, draw a conclusion as to what is the
will of the Senate on the question of relieving the
Judges of the Supreme Court from circuit duties.
The difficulty rests there—not with the committee.
But I shall also vote for the motion to postpone
the bill, on account of the fact which has been
stated, that there is no mode in which we can
expect to reorganize the judiciary of the United
States by a bill to be passed during the present
session of Congress ;and I never go for the imprac-
ticable. Time and experience, Mr. President, are
very powerful persuaders; and I am satisfied, in
my own judgment, that Congress must come to
the system that the committee have recommended.
Time and experience will enforce it.
Mr. STUART. I had desired, on several occa-
sions, to present some views to the Senate on this
question; but I have come to the conclusion now,
that it would be useless to go into the subject at
this time. I think that the votes which have
been taken, for the purpose of ascertaining, if
possible, the sense of the Senate, have proved the
inutility of attempting anything at this session.
The Senator from Ohio has made an appeal to the
Senate to retain -this bill. For the purpose of
giving the Senate an opportunity to consider that
appeal, I move an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to, and
The Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 18, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE ON REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Brainerd a member ot the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to fill the vacancy occasioned by
the resignation of Mr. Toocey.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a letter from the Secretary of
War upon the subject of Indian hostilities.
The President states that the employment of
volunteer troops, as suggested by the Secretary,
seems to afford the only practicable means of pro-
viding for the present contingency. There is much
reason to believe that other cases similar in char-
acter to those particularly referred to m the papers
accompanying the message, will, at an early day,
require vigorous measures, and the exhibition of a
strong military force. The proposed temporary
provision to meet the special demand, so far from
obviating, in his judgment, only serves to illus-
trate, the urgent necessity for an increase of the
regular Army at least to the extent recommended
by him in his late message. Unless by the plan
proposed, or some other equally effective, a force
can be early brought into the field adequate to the
suppression of existing hostilities, the combination
of predatory bands will be extended and the diffi-
culty of restoring order and security greatly mag-
nified. On the other hand, without a permanent
military force of sufficient strength to control the
unfriendly Indians, it may be expected that hos-
tilities will soon be renewed, and that years of
border warfare will afflict the country, retarding
the progress of settlement, exposing emigrant
trains to savage barbarities, and consuming mil-
lions of public money. The state of things that
is shown to exist is calculated to augment the
deep solicitude which has been for some time
awakened in the country, and been earnestly
expressed in previous messages and in annual
reports of the Secretary of War; and callsurgently
for immediate action by Congress.
Mr. GWIN. I cannot permit this message to
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
without expressing my gratification that the Gov-
ernment proposes to adopt prompt measures to
protect the emigrant routes to California and
Oregon. There have been a great many depre-
dations committed upon the emigrants during the
last year. They have been robbed and murdered
at various points on various routes; and it is ab-
solutely necessary that some such measure as
is proposed by the Secretary of War should be
promptly acted upon and sanctioned by Congress.
I understand, from hearing the message of the
President read, that he asks for authority to call
out three thousartS mounted volunteers, border
men, who are always ready at short notice, to
come into the service; and, with this force and a
portion of the regular Army, to chastise those
Indians. This is the only course that can now
be adopted which will give any guarantee of
safety on these emigrant routes. The Indians
have become so audacious, by the impunity that
has heretofore attended their depredations, that
they levy contributions on the emigrants who pass
over the plains; and if their demand is not com-
plied with, they instantly resort to robbery and
even massacres.
Now, Mr. President, if we can get these volun-
teers, rangers, like those who followed such com-
manders as Colonel Hays and Major McCullough,
in the Texan Indian wars, and elsewhere, I have no
doubt that in less than six months these Indians
will be properly chastised. We must have an
overland route to California; and the long delay
of Congress in passing the Pacific railroad bill
forces us to look to other means of communication
with, and defence of, the Pacific coast of the
United States. I trust the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, in addition to reporting a bill order-
ing the volunteers to be called out, will, at the
same time, provide for building a military road
through the Territories of the United States, and
the establishment of suitable military posts, so
that we may have permanent protection for the
emigration that passes over the plains to Califor-
nia.
We must also, Mr. President, have an overland
mail. I have prepared a measure to establish a
weekly express mail, for rapid communication
across the continent, the pioneer of a regular
line of mail stages, so as not to be entirely depend-
ent upon the ocean route, which I will read to the
Senate:
A Joint Resolution for the establishment of an express
mail weekly between St. Louis, Missouri, and San Fran-
cisco.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jimenca^xn Congress assembled, That
the Postmaster General of the United States be, and he js
hereby, directed, without delay, to contract with the best
and most responsible bidder, who shall SbfFer, after ninety
days public notice, to contract to carry an express mail#
weekly, each way, between St. Louis, in Missouri, and
San Francisco, in California, m ten days from city to city.
No letter sent by such mail to weigh more than one half
ounce; all letters sent by it to be prepaid, and to be charged
fifty ccnts ponage wherever mailed in the States. The
contractors to he «;uhject to the laws which govern other
mail contractors; hut a failure (from any cause whatever)
to complete a trip within fifteen days shall work an abso-
lute forfeitureof the compensation for such trip. Theroute
between the two cities may be selected by the contractor ;
but, aftcrthe second year,shall not be changed without
the consent of the President of the United States. The
contract shall exist years, and no longer. The com-
pensation shall not exceed five thousand dollars per trip,
through and back. The President of the United States
shall establish five temporary military posts at proper
points on said route when selected ; the posts to be located
at suitable intervals in the Territories lying between Mis-
souri and California, and with exclusive reference to a
thorough protection ot* the mail from hostile fndians, which
may he relocated at his pleasure. The contractor shall have
a right, under the sanction of the Secretary of the Interior,
to occupy so much of the lands of the United States, not
exceeding one section at any one point, as may be neces-
sary to the convenient transaction of his business as mail
contractor at the several stations he may occupy, for that
exclusive purpose, and shall have a preemption right, not
exceeding one hundred and sixty acres, to said land at said
stations when brought into market for sale, provided such
preemption', do not cover town sites. And f-aid Secretary
shall acquire from Indian owners, when necessary, the
right to establish suitable stations at convenient intervals
along the route that may be selected to carry the express
mail. The contractors shall not he required to loave or re-
ceive letters fiorn more than four intermediate points, nor
to carry more than two hundred pounds of letters each way
for the aforesaid compensation; whenever the letters con-
veyed exceed that weight, he shall, for the overplus, receive
njrro rata allowance. The four intermediate postmasters
s-hall be allowed to detain the mail at their offices not to
exceed twenty minutes each No schedule of arrivals and
departures at the termini of the route, except by mutual
agreement, shall be changed by the Postmaster General,
without giving the contractor ninety days notice. At the
intermediate offices, the days of arrivals and departures
may be fixed by the contractor. The mail shall be accom-
panied through exposed portions of the Territories by a
guard; to be selected, armed, and paid by tbp contractors;
necessity of a guard, on any portion of the route, to be de-
termined by the Postmaster General. After the first year's
service, for three consecutive failures to deliver the mails
at either end of the route within fifteen days after its recep-
tion by the contractor, the President of the United States
may order an annulment of the contract. The service to
be commenced at a period not later than one year from the
date of the contract.
I hope this measure will receive prompt and
favorable action on the part of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, to which it will
be referred. The citizens of California and Mis-
souri are ready to make such a contract, and have
the express in successful operation in six months.
They are already moving in favor of a mail stage
route, and this will give them that immediate Gov-
ernment aid which is necessary to put such a
stage route into successful operation.
The cost of this weekly express cannot exceed
$260,000 per annum, and the postage on letters
weighing two hundred pounds will give the De-
partment a revenue largely exceeding the amount
that will be paid to the contractors under the
restrictions of the joint resolution. When it is
