302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
reported back from the Post Office Committee,
which I trust.il will bespeedily, I will demonstrate
the practicability of establishing this express
route, and its eminent utility. Already we have
telegraph lines to Kansas, on this side, and to the
Sierra Nevada, at Pl&cerville, from the Pacific,
which will shorten the time of actual communica-
tion from New York to San Francisco to eight
days, as,the express is required to make the time
from St. Louis to San Francisco in ten days. In
a short time after the express is established, the
telegraph will extend, and our communication will
soon be brought down to six days.
The immediate expenditure of a million of dol-
lars on a military road through the Territories^
from Missouri to California, will be eminently
useful and economical to the Government. It will
• cause speedy settlements on the road of hardy
pioneers, who would keep the Indians in check,
and save millions of expense in Indian wars. And,
sir, it will people California and Oregon, and en-
rich the western States, by supplying them with
a sure and safe market for their surplus stock.
There are not less than ten thousand well armed
and well mounted Indian warriors on the great
central emigrant route, prepared and eager for war.
The sooner we chastise them the better. I move
that the message be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and that the message and accom-
panying documents be printed.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on order-
ing the message and documents to be printed.
♦ Mr. WELLER. As one of the members of the
Committee on Military Affairs, I shall endeavor
to procure the speedy action of that committee
on this message. It is indispensably necessary
that this Government should take some steps
to protect its own citizens in passing from one
portion of the Union to the other. Emigrants
passing to the Pacific coast must be protected.
This can only be done by increasing the military
force. There is an absolute necessity for the
establishment of military posts, and a large body
of troops in that section of the country, in order to
give that protection. It is the first duty of the
Government to protect its citizens; and I cannot
see how that can be accomplished unless it gives
protection to them when passing from one portion
of the Union to the other. Those who desire to
emigrate from the east to the far and distant west,
have a right to claim the protection of the Gov-
ernment while passing through the Territories of
the United States. It has not heretofore been
given, and, as a consequence, a great number of
our people have been butchered, and a vast amount
of property destroyed. If the plan recommended
by the President be carried out by Congress, it
will be given, and the Government will then do
what ought to have been done long since. There
are, on the usually traveled emigrant route, large
bodies of hostile Indians, whose depredations have
already deterred emigration to California, and
indicted a great injury upon that State.
1 will not trespass upon the time of the Senate.
My only object in rising was to express my thanks
to the President for invoking the attention of Con-
gress to this important subject, and to assure the
Senate it shall be brought before the Military Com-
mittee for action, at once.
Mr. RUSK. I hope, while the committee are
protecting the emigrants who pass from one sec-
tion o'f the country to the other, that they will also
take into consideration the protection of citizens
living on the border of our settlements who are
constantly exposed to the depredations of the In-
diana—as is the case in my own State.
The motion to print was agreed to.
THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The PRESIDENT. I lay before the Senate a
communication from Hon. Rufus Choate, one of
the Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. It
will be read:
The Secretary read it. [It is a copy of the
letter addressed to the Speaker of the House, and
will be found on page 282, of this volume.]
Mr. PEARC'E. Mr. President, I desire to
make a suggestion in regard to the disposition
which shall be made of this paper. Before I do
so, however, I ask the indulgence of the Senate
while I submit a very few remarks.
The paper, sir, is one of unusual character. It
purports to be a resignation by a gentleman hold-
ing a public trust under the appointment of Con-
gress, and assigns reasons for the resignation.
The first is the inability of the party resigning to
perform the duties of his trust; that i3 to say, to
attend the meetings of the institution, without
which attendance he cannot perform the duties of
his trust—quite a sufficient reason, and one which,
perhaps, has been of equal weight for the last
seven years as now. The second reason is, his
inability to concur with the majority of the Board
of Regents in the interpretation which they have
given to the statute establishing the institution.
If the letter of resignation had terminated there,
I should not have had a word to say; but it goes
much further. It is, in effect, nothing more than
we have seen in the public prints for the last year,
though, of course, in very different language, and
instigated by purposes very different from those
which 1 hope and believe actuate the retiring
regent.
It sets forth, sir, that Congress has established
a plan for the conduct of this institution, has pre-
scribed a manner in which the regents shall man-
age its affairs; that the act sketches with clearness
and completeness the principal features of this
plan; that they are quite apparent without refer-
ence to the parliamentary history of the act; that,
with that, they are unmistakably clear. Then he
charges that the majority of the Board of Regents,
who have the misfortune to differ from the retiring
regent, have subverted that plan established by
Congress, have departed from the manner in which
Congress prescribed that the affairs of the insti-
tution should be conducted, and diverted the appli-
cation of the funds from the objects prescribed in
the law, have appropriated them to objects not
mentioned in the law, incompatible with the pre-
scribed objects, and not warranted, either by the
letter or spirit of any of its provisions; that thus
the Board of Regents have substituted their will
for the will of the National Legislature, and have,
in effect, repealed the act of Congress.
Sir, these are very grave charges. I happen
to be one of those who have been thus contu-
macious, who have thus endeavored to subvert
the will of the National Legislature, and to repeal
the act of Congress, for the faithful execution of
which I had pledged everything which a man of
honor could pledge, by the acceptance of the trust.
Sir, I cannot but feel sensibly the reproach con-
veyed in this letter, and I feel it not only sensibly,
but with something of indignation. I have one
consolation, however: I do not stand alone in the
interpretation which I have given to this act. I
am consoled for differing from the brilliant parlia-
mentary and forensic orator who is the author of
this letter, by reflecting that I am sustained in my
opinion by men of such weight of character as
cannot well be exceeded in this country. Let me
mention a few of them. In the first place, I will
mention him who holds the first rank as a jurist
in the United States; first, unquestionably, in
position, and, as I believe, not surpassed either
in the variety and extent of his legal learning, the
vigor and acutenessof his logical faculties, or the
purity of his professional and private life, by any
man in this country, or elsewhere—I mean Chief
Justice Taney, with whom I consider it to be
exceedingly fortunate that I concur in opinion on
this question.
Next, sir, I may be allowed to mention a gen-
tleman from Georgia, a member of General Jack-
son's Cabinet, his first Attorney General, for
many years a distinguished ornament of this
body, and now, in spite of years somewhat ad-
vancing, retaining all the vigor of those physical
and intellectual faculties which made Mr. Wirt
characterize him, thirty years ago, as a man of
splendid ability, and who at this time maintains,
as he has done for thirty years, a proud position
in the front ranks of his noble profession—I mean
Mr. Berrien, of Georgia. «
Then, sir, I may mention a gentleman who was
also once an Attorney General of the United States,
Secretary of the Treasury, and Minister to Eng-
land and to France, himself more intimately con-
nected with this institution than any other person
whom I know, having been the agent appointed
by the Government of the United States to pro-
ceed to London and prosecute the suit in chan-
cery, upon which the determination of this fund
depended; a gentleman of ample ability, of high
cultivation, and mature experience—I mean Mr.
Richard Rush, of Pennsylvania.
I shall not, in his presence, bestow any eulo-
gium upon my friend the honorable Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] who is one of those who
have concurred with me. But even in his pres-
ence I may say this much: that for many years—
more perhaps than hewould be glad to acknowl-
edge—he has been engaged in a large and successful
practice, and in the higher walks of his profes-
sion; and that this furnishes some small reason
to infer that he is quite competent to construe an
act of Congress.
Of the other members of the Board of Regents
who concur with me, I need not make mention,
further than to say that, though not legal men,
they are all men of great eminence in this coun-
try, and their eminence has been recognized in
the high public positions which they have occu-
pied, and still occupy and adorn.
As I have said before, sir, this is some small
consolation to me for venturing to differ from Mr.
Choate, who so unqualifiedly condemns all those
who oppose him. There is something rather per-
emptory, I think, in the manner in which he an-
nounces his opinion in regard to the construction
and violation of this law. I do not find it qual-
ified by the expression of the possibility of any
misconstruction on his part, by the admission that
intelligent and honorable men might well differ in
regard to that construction. Far be it from me,
sir, to impute to those who differ from me any
want of intelligence or sincerity. The Senator
who sits beside me [Mr. Douglas] is one who
differed from me in the board; but nothing has
ever occurred because of that difference to dimin-
ish the respect which I entertain for himself, his
talents, and abilities.
Well, now, let us see, for a moment, what are
those requirements of the law, which, in the
opinion of Mr. Choate, the regents have neglected
or violated ? The act organizing the Smithsonian
Institution has prescribed certain definite objects,
due attention to which the regents undoubtedly
are bound, in good faith, to pay. It has required
us to erect a building, such as was described in
the act—a building upon a large and liberal scale—
sufficient for the reception and arrangement, upon
that scale, of collections of natural history, in-
cluding a geological and mineralogical cabinet, a
museum, library, chemical laboratory, a gallery
of art, and lecture rooms. These are all the ob-
jects specified in the act.
There is another clause in the law which author-
izes the Board of Regents to apply such funds of
the institution as are not specifically appropriated
by the act, or required for the purposes mentioned
in it, to such other purposes as they may deem
best suited to carry out the purposes indicated in
the will of Mr. Smithson, the founder of the insti-
tution. That is the clause to which, I presume,
Mr. Choate refers, when he says there are some
discretionary powers which heseemsto think very
insignificant, and which are given to the regents,
in his opinion, only to enable them to carry out
the details of the plan prescribed by the act of
Congress, or, as merely subsidiary to the general
authority which Congress had bestowed upon the
regents in regard to the library, museum, and
gallery of art.
But, sir, while Congress has thus prescribed,
generally, the features which they chose to give
to this institution, I apprehend it will be found,
on an examination of the instrument, that the dis-
cretionary powers conferred upon the regents are
far larger than those ascribed by the retiring re-
gent. The Board of Regents have recognized fully
and constantly the obligation upon them of every
requisition contained in that law, and I think they
have faithfully fulfilled those requisitions. They
have erected the building required by law; they
have designed and completed it upon a large and
liberal scale. They have made provision for the
collection and arrangement of objects of natural
history. They have made appropriations for a
library, and have made a beginning with a gallery
of art. They have established a chemical labo-
ratory, which is one of the objects enjoined in the
act; and they have provided lecture rooms speci-
fied in the law. They have not appropriated a
very large portion of the funds of the institution
for the library, though, in this respect, the amount
applied has been far greater than is generally sup-
posed; and that is, after all, the real gist of the
controversy.
Itia singular, that, in the actof Congress there ia
