THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 19, 1855.
New Series....No. 20.
management of the Smithsonian Institution before
Congress for its action. As has been stated by
the honorable Senator from Maryland, in terms
kind and respectful, 1 am one of those who had
the misfortune to differ from a majority on the
decision of the various questions referred to in this
paper- I do not read the letter of Mr. Choate in
the same sense with my colleagues who represent
the Senate in that institution, [Messis. Pear.ce
and Mason,] in regard to its spirit. I am unable
to perceive that there is anything disrespectful or
unkind, either in the terms of the letter, or in the
mode in which he has expressed his ideas, I have
listened to that gentleman, in the discussions be-
fore the Board of Regents, with admiration for his
ability and his eloquence, and with equal admira-
tion for that high courtesy which characterized
everything that he said and did. Although there
is a firmness and a directness in which he has
expressed his opinions in theletterof resignation,
I am unable to perceive that there is either an arro-
gance or anything else which ought to be consid-
ered disrespectful. After expressing his opinions,
and stating the construction of a majority of the
board, he says:
ei In this interpretation I cannot acquiesce; anil with
entire respect tor the majority of the boatd, and with much
kindness aiid rcgaid to all it.-, members, 1 am sure that my
duly requires a respectful tender of my resignation."
In other places, in expressing his opinion, he
says, " the law, it seems to me, is so and so." I
think there is a respect and kindness running
through the whole letter which should characterize
one gentleman of high attainments and bearing
towards another who is his equal, accompanied,
however, with the firm conviction, on his part,
that the law has not been interpreted in that sense
in which it should have been according to Us
terms.
I confess, sir, that I concur fully in that firm
conviction of his, and I do not hesitate to express
it boldly and plainly; and yet I am incapable of
entertaining an unkind feeling, or giving expres-
sion to an unkind inuendo, or of entertaining for
a moment a doubt but that each and every regent
has acted conscientiously according to his sense
of duty. It is a case where there is a diversity of
opinion; where each gentleman intrusted with the
exercise of discretion, where discretion was neces- i
sary, and interpretation where interpretation was i
necessary, has performed his duty conscientiously I
as he read it in the law. Still, I must say that
my interpretation of that law is different from that :
,£ f the honorable Senator from Virginia, and the
honorable Senator from Maryland, and of a ma-
jority of the regents. It is also true that the gentle-
man whose great name and many public services,
and private and public virtues, have been so well
portrayed by the Senator from Maryland, con-
curred with the majority, and to that extent the
weight of authority is cast in the scale against the
side which I embraced. I do not wish to detract
one iota from the high eulogium which the Senator
has pronounced on those gentlemen. With all
respect for them, and for their opinions, I must
take «he law itself as my rule of guidance while
performing a trust imposed on me.
It may be that my mind is somewhat biased
by the proceedings, discussion, and action in the
House of Representatives when this institution
was established I, at that time, participated, to
some extent, although in a small degree, in the
proceedings which took place in regard to the
creation of the institution. I at no time allowed
my feelings to become enlisted, much less excited, ,
on the subject. But when all ihe various plans j
were presented there for the organization of the j
institution, and especially the library plan, as a !
principal feature, not an exclusive one, in antag-;
onism to a plan that the library should be a sub- :
ordinate feature, or that there should be no library I
at all, it is my firm conviction that Congress, by
its action, did sanction the policy of a library as
a principal, but not an exclusive, feature in the
institution. In other words, the plan proposed by :
Mr. Marsh,'of Vermont, in opposition to that of (
Mr. Hough, of New York, did prevail, and the |
20
main features of Mr. Marsh's plan tended to
the establishment of a library. The library plan,
as it was called, having prevailed, there was a
limitation on the amount of funds to be devoted
to that plan, inserted in the law, which was, that
out of the #30,000 of income of the institution,
not exceeding £>25,000, should be appropriated to
the library.
I do not hold that the regents are compelled to
appropriate to a library, the sum of $25,0G0 each
year; but 1 do hold thutthe law in its terms, when
carefully examined, contemplates the library as a
prominent object in the institution, and that at
least a majority of the funds should be expended
in the building up of the library. That is my
interpretation. I am aware that when the insti-
tution was first organized, these same diversities
of opinion arose, and a compromise was effected,
by which it was agreed that the funds should be
equally divided. When I came into the institu-
tion, a few month* ago, as one of its regents, 1
was willing to abide by that compromise. I could
not have agreed to it originally, because I think
the fair interpretation of the law contemplated that
the larger portion of the fund should be applied to
the establishment of a library; but, as they made
an equal division, I was willing to acquiesce in it,
in order to avoid the appeal which is now made to
Congress and to the country, and thus perhaps
endanger, to some extent, the reputation of the
institution.
I expressed these opinions to my brother
regents freely; but,! trust, with proper respect.
1 differed from their opinion. Such was, such is,
my conviction. I did not deem it my duty to
resign because I was overruled. I was willing to
acquiesce in the decision, bccause 1 had not the
power, according to the law, to override u, and
because every other regent had the same right
which I had to express and entertain his opinion.
Yet, sir, when the question arises, no matter how
often it may arise, whether that interpretation of
the law, which has been given by the board, be a
correct one, until I change my opinion, or until
Congress shall modify the law, I must adhere to
my original convictions.
I regret, sir, that there should be the slightest
feeling displayed in this discussion". Really, a
charitable fund for such high and noble purposes,
ought to be administered in a spirit of kindness
and charity. I cannot accede, therefore, to any
intimation that those who act with me, or those
who do not concur m the interpretation which
has been given to the law, are actuated by any
but the highest and purest motives.
Mr. MASON. Does the Senator understand
that anything fell from me to question the motives
of the gentlemen who differed from us in that
matter?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do understand that the
Senator from Virginia supposed it to be prompted
by improper motives to get possession of the fund,
on the part of some persons.
Mr. MASON. 1 thought I was understood. I
said that, unless I misconstrued the signs of the
times, this great and eager anxiety out of doors,
manifested by popular and inflammatory addresses
through the public press, showed that there was
an earnest design outside to get hold of the fund.
I never expressed, for I certainly never enter-
tained, a doubt that honorable gentlemen who
differed with me in our judgment as to the con-
struction of the statute, were actuated by as stern
a sense of duty as I was. I have always so ex-
pressed it
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President. Then I un-
derstand the Senator as not impugning the action
or motives of any of the regents with whom he
has been associated; but I must say that I have
not seen anything to leave an impression on my
mind that whatever action was prompted out of
doors, meant to get possession of this fund, or to
squander it, or to apply it to any improper pur-
poses. On the contrary, I believe it arises from
that same feeling which has been evinced in the
differences of opinion which have existed from the
time the institution was first proposed to be organ-
ized up to this day, as to what was the true appli-
cation of the fund. Those who supposed that
their opinions had received the sanction of Con-
gress in the organic law of the institution, now
think that that object has been defeated by a wrong
construction given to that organic law. It is a firm
conviction, as I believe, on their part, that the law
has not been carried outaccording to its terms It
certainly has not been according to their under-
standing of its terms. I believe that there is no
j portion of our community, certainly there are no
persons entitled to notice, who would wish to per-
vert this fund to any other object than that to
! which it was dedicated by Smiihson's will. I be-
lieve that the persons to whom the Senator referred
are stimulated by the purest motives to carry out
that object, under the conviction that the mode in
which the trust is now being administered is
neither in accordance with the will nor of the law.
It is a difference of opinion—a difference of opinion
sincerely entertained—and one which we should,
therefore, meet with the spirit of firmness, of can-
dor, and of kindness.
I regret that the discussion has arisen, render-
ing it necessary to go into an argument to show
which is right, and which wrong, in the construc-
tion of the act. In fact, sir, I believe I will not
allow myself to be drawn into an argument on
that question. If this matter is to be referred to
a committee, certainly any discussion of that ques-
tion would be more appropriate after a report of
the committee. I shall, therefore, content myself
! with saving that my firm conviction is, that the
only difference which has arisen in the manage-
1 ment of the institution is a difference on two
points; first, as to what direction this fund ought
to take; secondly, the belief that a direction has
been given to it, which is not authorized by the
law cieating the institution. I am under the im-
pression that some regents have voted in the
minority on this question, not because they believe
the original plan adopted by Congress was the
best, but because they felt themselves compelled,
under the law as it stood, to vote as they did.
Mr. BADGrKR. Mr, President, I do. not ex-
actly agree in the suggestion thrown out by my
friend from Maryland, that it is necessary that
the letter which is before the Senate, should be-
come the subject of investigation by a committee
of this body; but I shall, notwithstanding, leadily
yield my own notions upon that subject to the
wish he has expressed. Allow me, however, to
present very briefly the views which have struck
me on this occasion.
The very eminent and distinguished gentleman
who has sent in this letter of resignation, has as-
signed two reasons why he retires from assisting
in the management of this trust fund. One is,
that he cannot give the tune necessary to attend
the meetings of the Board of Regents. As has
been said by my friend from Maryland, this is a
full, ample, and perfect reason, not only why he
I* excusable for retiring, but why it is his bounden
duty to retire; for, while he holds a place there
the public has a right to expect him to give the
necessary time to discharge its duties. So soon
as he ascertains that he cannot, consistently with
his other engagements, give that time, he is bound
to retire and to give way to some other gentleman
who may have both the inclination and the power
to render the service which the country expects
from a member of that Board.
I wish very sincerely, Mr. President, that the
letter of resignation had there closed, because I,
for one, am unable to give any appropriate char-
acter to the residue of the letter. It must be
viewed in one of three aspects: either as an ap-
I peal to Congress from the judicial decision which
' has been pronounced by the Board of Regents
upon the interpretation of thatact; or as an appeal
to Congress against the malversation of a certain
| class of public officers, to the intent that their mis-
conduct may be exposed and that some steps
may be taken, either for their punishment or
' removal; or else as an intimation that the disfin-
| guished gentleman who writes this letter thinks
1 that there should be some amendment of the law
