310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
istie of the spirit and illustrates the valor, the de-
termination, the " real grit," if I may so say, of
these volunteer defenders of the country, that the
Senate will pardon me for reading it in this con-
nection : ^
Answer to Governor Chittenden's Proclamation.
To his Excellency Martin Chittenden, Esq., Governor,
Captain General^and Commander-in- Chief in and over
the State of Vermont:
Sir : A most novel and extraordinary proclamation from
your Excellency, "ordering arid directing such portion of
tbe militia of the third brigade in the third division of the
militia of Vermont, now doing duty in the State of New
York, both officers and men, forthwith to return to the re-
spective places of their usual residence," has just been
communicated to the undersigned, officers of said brigade.
A measure so unexampled requires that we should Mate to
your Excellency the reasons which induce us, absolutely
and positively, to refuse obedience to the order contained
in your Excellency's proclamation With duedeference to
your Excellency's opinion we humbly conceive that, when
we are ordered into the service of the United States, it be-
comes our duty, when required, to march to Hip defense of
any section of the Union. We are not of that class who
believe that our duties, as citizens or soldiers, are circum-
scribed within the narrow limits of the town or State in
which we reside ; but that we are under a paramount obli-
gation to our common country, to the great Confederacy of
tbe States. We further conceive that, while we are in
actual service, your Excellency'!* power over us, as Gov-
ernor of the State of Vermont, is suspended.
If it is true, as your Excellency slates, that" we are out of
thejunsdtcuon or control of the Executive of Vermont," we
would ask from whence your Excellency derives the
or presumes to exercise the power, of oulering us* to return
from the service in which we are now engaged? If we
were legally ordered into the service of the United States,
your Excellency must be sensible that you have no au-
thority to order us out of that service. If w e were illegally
ordered into service, our continuancc in it is either volun-
tary or compulsory. If voluntary, U gives no one a right to
remonstrate or complain ; if compulsory, we can appeal to
the laws of our country for redress against those who ille-
gally restwun us of our liberty. In either case we cannot
perceive the right your Excellency has to interfere m the
business. Viewing tlie subject in this light, we conceive it
our duty to declare unequivocally to your Excellency that
we shall not obey your Excellency's Older (or tetuining,
but shall continuein the service of ourcountiy until we aie
legally and honorably discharged. An invitation or order
to desert the standard of our country will novel he obeyed
by u«, although it proceeds fiom the Governor and Captain
General of Vermont.
Perhaps it la proper that we should contcnt ourselves
with merely givingyour Excellency the reasons which pre-
vail upon us to disregard your proclamation; but we are
impressed with the belief that our duty to ourselves, to the
soldiers under our command, and to the public, requires
that vve should expose to the world the motives which pro-
duced, and the objects which were intended to be accom-
plished by, buch an extraordinary proclamation. We shall
take the liberty to state to your Excellency plainly our
bentmients on the subject. We consider your pioelamation
as a gros* insult to the officers and soldiers in service, mas
much as it implies that they are po i^norcinl of their rights
as to believe you have authoniy to command them m their
present situation, 01 so abandoned as to follow your insid-
ious advice. We cannot regaid your proclamation in any
other light than as an 11nwarr.1nt.1hle stretch of Executive
authority, issued from the worst of motives, to elfect the
basest purposes. It is, in our opinion, a renewed instance
of that spirit of disorganization and anarchy which isi car-
ried on by a faction, to overwhelm our oountiy with nun
and disgrace. We cannot peiceive what other object your
Excellency could have hi view, than to cmbarra-* the
operations of the Army, to excite mutiny and sedition
among the soldiers, and to induce them to desert, that they
might torfeit the wages to which they are entitled for tneir
patriotic services.
We have, however, the satisfaction to inform your Excel-
lency that although your proclamations have been distrib
uted among the soldiers, by your agent delegated for that
purpose, they have failed to produce the intended effect;
and although it may appear mcrcdible to jour Excellency,
even soldiers have discernment sufficient to perceive that
the proclamation of a Governor, when issued out of the
line of hisdutv,is a harmless, inoffensive, and nugatory
document—they regard it with mingled emotions of pity
and contempt lor its author and as a striking monument of
his folly
Before we conclude, we feel ourselves in justice to your
Excellency, bound lo declare, that a knowledge or your
Excellency's character induces us to believe, that the lolly
and infamy of the proclamation to which your Excellency
has put your signature, is not wholly to be ascribed to your
Excellency, but chiefly to the evil advisers with whom we
believe your Excellency is unhappily encompassed.
Signed by all the officers of the brigade.
After the reading of that document, Mr. Presi-
dent, the conduct and the character, the stubborn
■valor and the patriotism of the militia of Vermont,
I am quite sure, will require no farther vindication
at my hands, before this body.
This proclamation of Governor Chittenden,
however, excited less of censure and of indigna-
tion, than his subsequent refusal to order out the
militia of the State, after theactual irruption of the
enemy into our territory on the opposite side of
the lake in the State of New York. He, however,
called upon them to turn out as volunteers, and in
his annual message to the Legislature, in the month
of October, after, he took occasion to commend
them for their promptness, their bravery and their
brilliant success.
I am not to be understood, Mr. President, as
attempting to impeach the conduct, much less to
impugn the motives or the patriotism, of Governor
Chittenden. I am merely stating historical facts.
He acted, I have no doubt, upon the honest con-
victions of his own judgment, and from a sincere
regard to what he deemed to be the best interests,
the honor, and the safety of the State. He acted
certainly not inconsistently with his political faith.
He was a Federalist of the old school, and a per-
sistent opponent of the war, and cf the Adminis-
tration of Mr. Madison. He was a member of
Congress in the House of Representatives at the
time of the declaration of war, and was the only
member from the Vermont delegation in either
House who voted against that de 'aration. The
following year he was elected Governor of the
State of Vermont by the Legislature, after a pro-
tracted struggle, by a majority <r a single vote,
the people having failed to make an election in the
popular canvass, no one having received an abso-
lute majority of all the votes cast, as required by
the constitution of that State. He was reelected,
in 1814, by the Legislature, the people having
again failed to elect, as in the preceding year. The
popular sentiment of Vermont was in favor of the
war, and of the Administration of Mr. Madison,
as indicated by all the elections, except in 1813
and 1814, when the parties were nearly balanced.
The State cast its electoral vote for Mr. Madison,
as it had before done for Mr. Jefl'-rson, and as it
afterwards did for Mr. Monroe. Vermont was
emphatically a Republican State. Without call-
ing in question, then, the purity of his motives, it
is appatent that the sentiments and the course of
action of Governor Chittenden in jference to the
war, were not in accordance with the predominant
sentiment of the State. But here 1 may be allowed
to claim for his action the charitable consideration
of our Democratic friends upon the opposite side
of the Chamber, in view of the fact that he after-
wards attached himself to the Jackson Democracy,
as did many of the leading Federai.sts of my State,
"hnd that he remained through life a most respect-
able, prominent, and influential member of that
party.
Mr. President, I have been prompted to say
this much by way of explanation, and of vindica-
tion, chiefly on account of a remark that was
thrown out by the Senator from Pennsylvania the
other day, while he was addressing the Senate in
opposition to my proposition; the purport of
which was, that he had heard of certain militia
companies m New England who had refused to
maich beyond the limits of theirState,and which,
tn the connection in which it wa., uttered, might
be construed as having reference to the militia of
my State. As a representative from that State,
1 could do no less Ulan attempt to vindicate the
character of her militia, whose bravery and whose
gallant bearing had won the applause and the
admiration of the country, from an implied asper-
sion, however remote the implication might be.
With these remarks, I submit the question upon
my amendment to the judgment of the Senate.
Mr. CASS. I have listened with great pleasure
and interest to the remarks of the honorable Sen-
ator in vindication of the military character of the
militia of his State, and I thank him for them. I
hod myself, upon my table, the very proclamation
and answer which the honorable Senator has read.
They were fresh m my memory; and I had them
here to read; but it is unnecessary to do it; nor
is it necessary that I should comment much upon
them.
The difficulty was, that strange passions were
in operation; strange doctrines were taught;
strange proceedings took place in those days,
derogatory to American patriotism, injurious to
the cause of our country, and encouraging to the
enemy in the efforts that he was making m the
idle and vain hope of subduing us. Like the
honorable Senator from Vermont, I view this sub-
ject historically. Every feeling connected with it
has gone by; and in the few words that I mean
to say to day,I have reference to this transaction
solely as history. It is good to look back. There
are impressive chapters in our history that it
would be good to read; and there is none more
impressive than this very chapter containing the
narrative of the internal difficulties that divided
us. It is good to look to the past, Mr. President.
It will give us wise suggestions for the present,
and solemn warning for the future.
Why, Mr. President, that very proclamation
of the Governor of Vermont shows the state of
mind in which it was issued, i do not intend to
impeach his motives. I am as well aware as the
honorable Senator can be, that he v/as under the
influence, the monomania, if I may so call it, of
tbe overwhelming party feeiing of thatduy. We
alt know that many a man in the country re-
joiced at the first great victory that attended the
English in the capture of Detroit; and many a
man in the country regretted the capture of the
Guerriere in that first and noble action under
Hull, when it was taken by the Constitution. It
is difficult to realize these facts; but they are so.
The Governor of Vermont said to the militia,
when he endeavored to call them home, " You are
wanted to defend your own State, and not the
State of New York." All know, as well as you
and I know—he would have known in his sane
moments—that it was the duty of the General
Government to defend the whole Union, and it
only can judge what force is wanted. And what
makes it worse, Mr. President, it is evident from
the proclamation that ho did not need the militia.
He only called them to be ready to repei invasion.
The invasion had not taken place; and the honor*
able Senator knows that every Green Mountain
boy in the State would have risen if the British
had put their foot on the frontier. He knows it
as well as I do. It was not necessary to recall that
brigade. The Governor could have armed his
other militia, and held them in service ready to
meet the incursion of the enemy. He did recall
that brigade, Mr. President; but it is one thing to
call spirits from the vasty deep, and it is another
thing for them to come. Those men were ani-
mated by the spirit of Ethan Allen, and of the
other noble men of Vermont who fought the bat-
tles of Bennington and Saratoga, and whose blood
was poured out on many another battle-field. They
were animated by that spirit, and they would not
come. They chose, as you have seen in the
noble paper which has been read, to go and meet
the enemy—not to seek shelter at their own fire-
sides. I honor them, and I would vote for almost
anything for them. Those are my feelings.
The other day, when this subject was up for
discussion, the honorable Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] who, \ am sorry to see is not in
his seat, replied to a remark of mine, that 1 sup-
posed those strange doclrines which were afloat,
and pertinaciously adhered to, at that day, had
been abandoned. I had heard of the doctrine for
thirty years, and I had heard no defender of it.
I thought they had gone by with the actions and
the passions which reigned at -that day. But, no;
the Senator from Georgia, for whom 1 have great
respect, said he believed that the Governors of
the States had this right of determination. He
said at once frankly that he believed the Governor
of Massachusetts had mistaken the state of things;
that, although he had the ri^ht to determine the
propriety of calling out the militia, he had failed in
the application of it; for the circums'ances did
require the militia to be called out. Now, Mr.
President. I would not say a word at this time,
it I were eoing to argue the point myself I would
wait until the return of the honorable Senator
from Georgia: but I do not mean to argue it my-
self at all. i mean that James Madison, and
James Monroe, and William B. Giles shall an-
swer it. They can do it better than I can, and X
will read a f: vv words from each to show what
were the doctrines which were settled when this
subject was fairly considered, and which, J sup-
posed, every man adhered to at this day. In the
first place, Mr President, what is the provision
of the Constitution on the subject5 It is that
u The Congress shall have power'' "v * * "topside
for c dhng tonhthe militia to execute the laws of the Union
suppress m&urrecuons, and repel invasions."
^ In 1792, only three years after the adoption of
tnat Constitution, when the men who h?d t^e
principal hand in its adopt'-m were yet up<>n trie
stage of political action, and at a time when, at
the head of the Government, was the man who
had been at the head of the convention which
framed the Constitution, this act was parsed:
" Be il cnactah frc.< That whenever the Sn*es
shall be invaded, ot b * in imminent rla''^T oi nu.'^on
from anv foieign rmtiori, or Indian n<be. it Mini! he lauiuJ
for the President of the United Sttt',v, to e.?ll lorth sin-h
number of thenuhaaof the State or Slates, moat eouvo-
