1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
nient to the place of danger, or scene, of action, as he may
judge neeessarv to repel such invasion, and to issue his or-
ders for that purpose, to such officer or officers of the mili-
tia as he shall think proper," &c.
By the act of 1792, the power was transferred
to the President by Congress to call out such por-
tions of the militia of the country as might be re-
quired by the exigencies of the time. Now, Mr.
President, how can that power be vested in any
body but the head of the Federal Government?
IIo# can it be vested in that of the individual
States without absolute destruction to our coun-
try ? Recollect, Mr. President, that those provis-
ions are meant to meet the case of a war. They
are not needed in time of peace. As I said, at
such a time we go on very well; but they are made
to meet the case of war. You have now thirty-
one Governors of States. If thirty-one men are
all to concur in calling out the militia, who can
see where you are to be led ? You know, as well
as I do, that it would become a local question.
Every State would want to defend its own frontier;
and there is no man who has read the history of
the Revolution, and especially the letters of Gen-
eral Washington, but who knows that that was
one of the difficulties which the country encount-
ered during the revolutionary contest, and under
the old Confederation, and which rendered the
present Constitution necessary. There was a
race among the several States as to which should
keep most troops, it was a natural feeling. That
feeling wad to be counteracted by a more energetic
Government, charged with power over the whole
forces of the country. Can this power be exe-
cuted by them, or must it be executed by the Gen-
eral Government, which is responsible to all, and
put there by all, and which has the information
which all those local officers cannot possibly be in
possession of?
Mr. DAWSON. With the permission of my
friend from Michigan, in the absence of my col-
league, 1 will propound to him a question. If the
President of the United States gives an order for
the militia of a State, has not that order neces-
sarily to go through the commander-in-chief of the
State ?
Mr. CASS. I do not know that it has, by the
Constitution ?
Mr. DAWSON. And if it has, is the Governor
as a mere subordinate officer, bound to execute
the order of the Piesident of the United States, as
a matter of course ?
Mr. CASS. That is the very point on which
the question turns. It is the very point on which
I am going to read the authorities. In my opinion,
nothing can be clearer than that it is the duty of
the Governor of a State to call out the militia of
the State when the President declares, under the
authority conferred by the Constitution, that a
contingency has arisen which demands them to be
called out.
Mr. DAWSON. I know that my views are
strictly State-rights; and the point I wanted to get
at was, whether the Governor of a State was a
subordinate officer, and bound to obey; and
whether, if he did not perform the order of the
commander-in-chief, the President of the United
States, he was to be subjected to a court martial
like any other subordinate officer.
Mr. CASS. It is not a militia or military ques-
tion at all. He is not acting as a militia man. It
is his duty, as the Executive, under the provision
of the Constitution, to call out the militia when
the exigency requires it, and that exigency is to
be judged of by the President. If the honorable
Senator will wait a few moments, I will show him
far better reasoning than my own—that of Mr.
Madison and Mr. Monroe, and a committee of
five membersof the Senate, able and capable men,
upon the very point which we are now discussing.
Nothing illustrates the consequence of this doc-
trine more than the very case under considera-
tion. In June, 1812, war was declared. Imme-
diately after war was declared, the British got
possession of the upper district of Michigan.
They got possession of Eastport a few months
before. They had been ranging along the coast
with a hostile squadron, at any time prepared to
make a descent on our territory,and yet, in July,
3812—I think, on the l&ih or 20th—the Governor
of Massachusetts tells the General Government
that the exigency pointed out by the Constitution
has not occurred—in other words, that there is no
danger of invasion. I take it, that neither the
honorable Senator from Georgia, nor anybody
else, will contend that the invasion must actually
take place before you can prepare for it. You
must not wait to permit the enemy to land before
you make preparation; but the militia are to be
called out to repel the invasion, under the con-
struction which has been given to the Constitu-
tion from the commencement. The Governor of
Massachusetts refused to call out the militia at
that time, \yhen the country was actually invaded.
He refused to do it, as I tell the honorable Sena-
tor, when the British were ranging on the coast
from the Bay of Pundy to St. Mary's.
Mr. President, we must recollect the strange
state of things connected with our country at that
time; we must recollect that it was, for years, a
quasi war between us and England, the advant-
ages being all on her side. It cannot escape our
recollection, that the Chesapeake, sailing out of
our country was attacked by the British ship
Leopard, and men impressed from her, and I can
repeat to this very day, though I have not read it
for years, the beautiful paragraph in the procla-
mation of Mr. Jefferson, which he issued on that
memorable occasion. After recapitulating the
outrageous conduct of the British, and the spirit
of forbearance which this Government had exer-
cised, he goes on to say, that, at length, they had
transcended all formeracls of violence, and brought
the national feeling to a crisis, and the Govern-
ment to a necessary pause. You were liable at
any time to an invasion from the moment war
was declared, and I repeat, the Governors of all
the New England States, not Massachusetts
alone, put that construction upon their powers,
and held back their militia; and still worse, Mr.
President, that doctrine continued down to 1814.
Down to August, 1814, after this Capitol had been
burnt by a Gothic enemy, and when the battle of
North Point had to be fought, where the citizens
of Baltimore nobly defended their own town, and
repulsed the enemy, the Governor of Massachu-
setts refused to call out the militia, and place them
under the orders of the United States., That is a
historical fact. ' -
I repeat, Mr. President, I did not rise to argue
this point at all. These are simply prefatory
; observations. 1 will now begin by reading the
| message of Mr. Madison, announcing to the Con-
: gress of 1814 this doctrine:
j <k Among the incidents to the measures of the war, I am
, const!.uncd to advert to the refusal of the Governor of
I Ma^achu-otrs and Connecticut to furnish the required
j detachments of militia toward the defense of the maritime
j frontier. The refusal was founded on a novel and unfortu-
i nate exposition of the provisions of the Constitution relat-
j inu to the militia. The correspondences which will he hud
before you contain the requisite information on the subject,
j Jt is obvious that, if the authority of the United States to
call into service and command the militia for the public
! delen.se can be thus frustialed, even in a state of declared
! war, and, ot course, under appiehensions ot invasion [iie-
' ceding war, thej are not one nation lor the purpose most
' of all requiring it, and that the public safety may have no
other resource than in those large and permanent military
establishments which aie foroidden by the principles of our
free Government, and a« amst the necessity of which the
militia were meant to be a constitutional buhvaik."
In 1814, the committee of the Senate called upon
the Executive for his views in relation to the mat-
ter. Mr. Monroe was then Secretary of War.
Like a true patriot, he had exchanged the Depart-
ment of State, where the duties were compara-
tively light, to take, under critical circumstances,
and at the request of the President, the Depart-
ment of War, and I have hete his reply to the
request of the committee of the Senate.
In that report he states the points which have
been raised. These points are stated bythe Gov-
ernor of Massachusetts in his communication to
theSecretary of War. He says that he had called
upon the members of the judicial tribunal of the
State, agreeably to the provision of its constitu-
tion, to ascertain their opinions upon these two
questions:
First. Whether the commanders-in-chief of the militia
of the scveial States have a right to determine whether any
of the exigencies contemplated by the Constitution of the
United States exist, so as to require them to place the
militia or any part of it in the service of the United States,
at the request of the President, to be commanded by hun,
pursuant to acts of Congress.
Second. Whether, when either of the exigencies exist
authorizing the employing of militia m the service of the
United Stares, the militia thus employed can be lawfully
commanded by any officer but of the militia, except by the
President ot the United States.
To these two questions, the answer of the su-
preme tribunal of Massachusetts was, that the
Governors had the right to determime the exigency;
and, that when the militia of the State were acting
in conjunction with the military forces of the
United States, or with the militia of the other
States, there was no officer but the President him-
self in person who could take the command of
them; so that the detachments of militia of the
thirty-one States of the Union, if now called out
under such a doctrine, would have thirty-onecom-
manders, and they would probably have to resort
to the Grecian method of taking the command day
by day. That was the decision of the supreme
court of Massachusetts. Now, what does Mr.
Monroe say:
Department op War, February 11, 1815.
Sir: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the
7th ultimo, stating that the Military Committee of the Sen-
ate had observed that difficulties had arisen between the
authorities of the United States and some of the individual
States, respecting the relative command of the officers of
the regular Army, and of the militia, when called to act
together, and were desirous of such information on the sub-
ject as this Department might possess, and of its opinion
whether some legislative provisions might not be adopted
which would tend to heal such differences ; to prevent the
recuirence of the like for the same causes; and to facilitate
the operations of the Department in other respects.
My late indisposition will, I trust, explain satisfactorily
to the committee the cause of the delay of my answer,
which I have much regretted.
In complying with the request of the committee, it has
appeared to me advisable to communicate all the docu-
ments in this Department relating to the objects of its in-
quiry. By a detailed view of the several measures which
have been adopted by the President, since the war, for the
defense of the country, in discharge of the duties imposed
on him by the Constitution and laws of the United States;
of the objections to those measures by the Executives of
some of the States; and of the correspondence between
this Department and the military authorities acting under
it with the Executives of such States, the committee will
see the grounds of the differences which have attracted
attention, and be enabled to judge how far any legislative
interposition may be useful or proper.
The paper A contains a copy of the letters of the Secre-
taiy of War to the Governors of the several States, detail-
ing their respective quotas of rmhtia, under the acts of
Congress.
is a copy of a report of the Secretary of War to the
Mihtaiy Committees of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, bearing date on the Qlst day of December, 1812,
communicating a division of the United States into military
districts, then contemplated by the Department of War,
with the reasons for it; which division, with certain mod-
ifications, was afterwards adopted. This report treats on
some subjects not immediately within the scope of the call
of the committee, yet treating, in all its parts, on the im-
portant subjcctofdefense, and thereby intimately connected
with the object of the call. I have thought that a view of
the whole paper, at this time, would not be unacceptable.
C ih a copy ot the answers of the Governors of several of
the States to the Department of War, on the requisitions
made for parts of their quotas of militia under the several
acts of Congress, and ot the correspondence which passed
between them and the Department of War, and the com-
manders of the military districts acting under it within
which those States weie.
D is a copy of a conespondence between the Governor
of New Juisey and the Department of War, relating to the
appointment of the Governor of New York to the com-
mand of the unitary district No. 3 ; a copy of this corre-
spondence i  presented, to communicate to the committee
every circumstance that has occurred relating to the com-
m.ml of the militia in the scrvice m the United States.
it appears, by these documents, that the Governors of
IMas^tichu>-otts, Connecticut, and Rhode Island, have ob-
jected to the requisitions made on their several States, for
parts ofth'-ir respective quotas of nnlit'a, on the following
grounds: Fir^f. That the President has no power to make
a requisition foi any poitionofthe militia, for either of the
purposes specified by the Constitution, unless the Execu-
tive of the State, on whose militia such call is made,
admits that the case alleged exists, and approves the call.
Second. That, when the imJitia of a State should be called
into the service of the United States, no officei of the regu-
lar Army had aright to command them, or other person,
not an officer of the militia, except the Piesident of the
United States in person. These being the only difficulties
which have arisen between the Executive of the United
States and the Exccutivcs of any of the individual States,
relative to the command of the militia, known to this De-
paifment, are, it is presumed, those respecting which the
committee has asked for information.
By these documents it is also shown that certain portions
of the militia were called out by the Executives of these
States, and a pan of them put into the service of the United
States. These doctrines were, nevertheless, adhered to.
I do not go into a detail on these points, deeming it unne-
cessary, as all the lacts will he found in the documents.
Respecting, as I do, and always have done, the lights of
I the individual States, and believing that the preseivation
of those rights in their full extent, according to a ju.-t con-
struction of the principles of our Constitution, is nece,-t-ary
to the existence of our Union, and of free Government in
these States, 1 take a deep interest in every quest'ou which
involves such high considerations. I have no hesitation,
however, in declaring it as my opinion, that ihe construc-
tion given to the Constitution by the Exeeutivi s of these
States, is repugnant to its principles and of dangerops tend-
ency.
Bv the Constitution, Congress has power io piovrde for
calling fmth the militia to execute the laws of the Union,
suppress insurrections, and repel invasions; to provide for
organizing, arming, and disciplining the milam, and for
