1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
313
event of a future war, and thus deprive the Government of
the United States ot some of its most efficient, legitimate
means of prosecuting such war wuh vigor and effect, the
committee have, therefore, thought proper to present the
papers concerning this subject to the Beuate for considera-
tion.
" Whilst the committee will refrain from entering into
arguments to fortify the grounds taken by the Executive
Government on this subject, and explained in the letter of
the Secretary for the Department of War, they feel them-
selves impelled by a sense of justice to express a decided
approbation of its conduct in supporting and preserving the
Constitution of the United States against the effects of the
pretensions of the State authorities aforesaid, which, after
full consideration, the committee believe not wan anted by
the Constitution nor d^ducibte from any fair and ju^t inter-
pretation of its principles and objects. The direct and in-
evitable tendencies of those pretensions, in the opinion of
the committee, would be to deprive the Government of the
United States of power-? essentially necessary to ensure
the common defense, one of the great objects committed to
its charge, to introduce discordant and contradictory coun-
sels into the National deliberations, upon a point, too, of
all oihers most requiring union of thought and of action ;
to change the fundamental character ot the Constitution
itself, and thus eventually to produce us destruction by
debilitating the Government, and rendering it incompetent
to the great objects of its institution, and to substitute m its
stead the dismemberment of these United States, with ail
the horrible consequences respectively resulting from dis-
union. "
I shall not add one word to that.
Mr. Fessenden's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have examined the com-
munications received by the honorable Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] from the Land
and Pension Bureaus. In view of the facts therein
stated, and in view of the suggestions of many
Senators around me, I have prepared a substitute
for the entire bill, and as soon as the amendments
are disposed of, 1 shall offer it. I may observe,
too, that it is pretty much the original bill as it
was introduced by me. It contains limitations and
restrictions which will make the machinery work.
Mr. FOOT. I desire to ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania if hia substitute embraces
the substance of my amendment5
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 believe it does not; and
I would observe to the Senator from Vermont
that, although his amendment may be right enough
in itself, if you put in a little amendment here,
and a little amendment there, you will jar the
machinery. If the case of the soldiers whom he
represents is so meritorious, a separate and inde-
pendent bill should be passed for their relief. I
have received many apphcauonsmyselffrom those
engaged in the Patriot war, and from some of the
militia in the Florida wars; but, Mr. President,
we must confine ourselves to those who have been
regularly mustered into the service of the United
States and paid, otherwise you wili open the door
too wide.
I have framed the substitute with a view to its
passage. It would be much better to pass it, re-
stricted as it is, this session, than to pass one the
next Congress with much more enlarged provis-
ions, because many of the persons intended to be
benefited thereby will have sunk into the grave
before that time. It is desirable, therefore, that
we should pass some bill during the present ses-
sion.
Mr. SHIELDS. I desire to submit an amend-
ment, which 1 wish to follow that offered by the
Senator from Maine. It applies to a class of
soldiers who, I think, are not provided for in the
bill, if I understand its provisions. That is the
rangers, who fought, and who protected the fron-
tiers against the Indians, and who were always
engaged in quasi wars. I do notknow any troops
more meritorious. My honorable friend from
Wisconsin [Mr. Dodge] understands their merit
and services, perhaps, better than any other gen-
tleman.
It is also intended to provide for chaplains who
served in the Army during the several wars. 1
can testify, from my own knowledge, that some
of those chaplains hazarded their lives as much
as any soldier in the army; and [ think they
ought not to be forgotten. These two cases I
think ought to be provided for. They are as
meritorious as any class to whom the benefits of
the bill are to be extended. The bill, as it will
be observed, makes very little provision for our
western States, and I think we ought to give this
provision to those who were engaged in defending
our frontiers. My amendment is to insert:
That the provisions of this bill shall applv to the troops
who served as i anger-* for piotecitng tiie I'inuuvt •-'Ottl<,menK j
against the Indians, and to all the chaplains who were at-
tachtd to, and who olliciated wuh the army in any of the
wars of the country; and in case of the decease of such
rangers or chaplains, then to theirdescendants, as provided
for by the Sill in other cases.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I desire now to renew the
amendment which 1 offered, but withdrew in order
to give an opportunity to have the amendment of
the Senator from Maine acted upon. It is to
strike out of the first section the words " and.
paid by the United States.*9 •
On motion by Mr. STUART, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 18, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The SPEAKER announced the following as
the members of the select committee, raised for
the purpose of investigating the management of
the Smithsonian Instituttion:
Mr. Upiiam of Massachusetts, Mr. Witte of
Pennsylvania, Mr. Taylor of Tennessee, Mr.
Wells of Wisconsin, Mr. Puryear of North
Carolina.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that,
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Meacham,]
at whose instance the committee was raised, was
not placed on it at his own request. He is one
of the Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, and
thought that, under the tftrcumstances, he ought
not to serve on the committee. Had he not request-
ed to be excused from service, he would have
been put, according to custom, at the head of the
committee.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing message from the President of the United
States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I ttan^nut herewith a letter of the Secretary of War upon
the subject of Indian hostilities. The employment of vol-
unteers, as suggested by the Secretary, seems to afford the
only practicable means of providing lor ihe present emer-
gency.
There is much reason to believe that other cases, similar
m character to those particularly leleried to m the accom-
panying p.incr-N, will, at an <'arlv day, require vigorous
m^aMiie-. and the exhibition of a stionc militaiy force. The
pioposed tempoiary proviMon to meet a speeiddt mand, so
Mi from obviating, in my judgment, only serves to lllustiatc
the urgent necessity of an mcioase of tlio regular Army,at
least to the extent recommended m my late annual mes-
sage. Unless, by the plan proposi d, or some otliei equally
eihctive, a loiee can be oaily brought into the lield, ade-
quate to the suppie-Hon of existing hostilities, the combi-
nation of predaunj bauds will be extended, and the didi'-ulty
ot re>tor>ng oidei and seemity greatly maumlh'd. On the
other hand, without a poimaiient military luiee of sufficient
fctienszlh to coniiol the un nendly IrnhaiH, it may be ex-
pected tli.it ho-chie s will !-oou be renewed, and ihtit years
of bouler vv.trf.uc will alihct the country, retarding the piog
ie«*s of settlements, exposing emigrant tiams to savage
barbarities, and consuming millions of the public money.
The stateof things made, known'by vatious letteih, re-
cently leeeivod at the War Department, eviraem fiotn a
portion of which aie herewith inclosed, is calculated to
augment, the deep solicitude winch this matter ha>. tor some
tune pa^t awak ned, and wbuh hns been earnestly ox
piossed in previous ine  nges, and in the annual reports of
the Seeietaiy of War.
I respectfully submit that the facts now communicated
urgently call lot immediate action on the pait of Congress.
FRANKLIN PIERCE,
Washington, .Tunicary If). 18.~>3.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 move that the message
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM DEPARTMENTS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, trans-
mitting estimates for additional appropriations for
the Mint and the branch at San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, for the current fiscal year; which, on mo-
tion by Mr Houston, was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
pnnfrd.
Also, a communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, transmitting, in compliance with law, the
names of the clerks and other persons employed
in that Department during the year 1854, or any
part thereof, the time employed, sum paid, and
residence of each at the time of appointment;
which, on motion by Mr. Houston, was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have a communication
from the Treasury Department, transmitting addi-
tional estimates of appropriation for the branch
Mint at Charlotte, North Carolina, which I ask
may be laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which received the Speaker's sig-
nature:
An act for indemnifying Moses B. Hogan for
cattle destroyed by Indians m 1842;
An act for the relief of David B. Sears;
A resolution providing for the engraving, lith-
ographing, or publication of drawings, maps,
charts, or other papers, for Congress.
SWAMP LANNS.
Mr. "WARREN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to report, from the
Committee on Public Lands, in reference to cer-
tain matters which have been referred to them for
consideration. They will involve no contro-
versy.
Mr. SKELTON. What do you propose to
do if the reports are made?
Mr. WARREN. I only desire to get there-
ports out of my hands. I am instructed to report
back House bill (No. 217) to enable the State of
Arkansas and other States to reclaim the swamp
and overflowed lands within their limits, and ask
that it be laid upon the table. The matter has
been settled by a bill which has already passed
the House.
The bill was laid upon the table.
BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. WARREN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to ask that that committee
bedischaiged from the further consideration of
fourteen petitions and memorials, praying that the
bounty land law shall be amended so as to in-
crease the bounty to one hundred and sixty acres;
and that they be laid upon the table. They are
mostly from citizens of the State of New York.
The same question has been at least forty times
reported on adversely by the committee, and with
a full statement of their reasons for so doing.
The committee was discharged from the further
consideration of the petitions and memorials; and
they were laid upon the table.
THOMAS MARSTON TAYLOR.
Mr. MACDONALD. The Senate have asked a
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on Senate bill (No. 30) for
the relief of Thomas Marston Taylor; and I now
move that a committee of conference be agreed
to, and that the Speaker appoint the managers on
the part of the House.
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed Messrs. Macdonald, Letcher, and
Wm.i.kv, as the managers on the part of the
House.
SAMUEL A. BELDEN AfD COMPANY.
Mr. MILLSON. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill for the relief
of Samuel A. Belden & Co , on which the gentle-
man from Virginia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. PlIELPS. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will permit me to present to the House
letters from the Secretary of the Navy, submit-
ting estimates of additional appropriation for the
support of the Navy, that they may be ordered
to be printed.
Mr. MILLSON. I do net object if that is the
only business desired to be done.
Mr. WHEELER. If the gentleman from
Virginia withdraws his objection 1 renew it.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will look
at the matter, he will see that these estimates are
intimately connected with the naval bill soon to
be before us for action. We ask the printing of
these estimates for the convenience of the House,
and that alone.
* Mr. WHEELER. I withdraw my objection.
The letters were laid upon the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT CAMDEN.
Mr. STR.ATTON. I ask the unanimous con-
