814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
sent of the House for leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing for the
erection of a ^uitible building for a custom-house and post
office in the city ot Camden, New Jersey.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr, MILLSON. I insist on the regular order
of business.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I-ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to introduce a
resolution.
Tne SPEAKER. Objection is made by the
demand for the regular order ot" business.
Mr. LETCH Ell. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
resolution introduced by the gentleman from New-
Jersey [Mr. Stratton] was passed. I now ask
its reading, as 1 did not hear it read before.
[Laughter.]
The resolution wasacain read by thp Clerk.
Mr. LETCHER. We had a very large busi-
ness in the way of custom-houses and marine
hospitals at the last session, and I should like to
have a respite of at least twelve months between
these strong doses of that sort. I hope the vote
will be reconsidered.
The SPEAKER. If discussion arise on the
motion to reconsider, the Chair decides that the
motion can only be entered, and that the regular
order of business must be proceeded with.
Mr. LETCH Ell. Then enter it, and I shall be
at it after a while. [Laughter.]
Mr. STUATTON. I move to^lay the motion
to leconsider upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
the motion to reconsider can only be entered. Its
consideration cannot interfere with the regular
order of business. Otherwise, the gentleman's
motion would be in order.
SAMUEL A. BELDEN AND CO. AGAIN.
Mr. M1LLSON said: Mr. Speaker, when I in-
quired of the honorablegentleman from Louisiana,
[Mr. Hunt,] the day before yesterday, as to the
objects of this bill, I certainly had no idea that
it involved questions of such serious magnitude.
I then intimated opinions which have been dis-
sented from by several gentlemen, and as I have
had no opportunity to defend them, I have now
sought the floor for that, purpose, and to comment
on certain doctrines which have been advanced by
some of the advocates of the measure. But, that
the House may the better understand the subject,
1 will first make a brief statement of the facts.
During the Mexican war, Turner & Renshaw
imported at Matamoras, then in possession of our
army, a quantity of tobacco, on which they paid
the military contributions exacted by our Govern-
ment. By the treaty of peace between the two
Governments, it was stipulated that the merchan-
dise brought into the country during our occupa-
tion of it should be exempt from confiscation, and,
in certain cases, from any further duty or tax.
As to this tobacco, however, difficulties, the pre-
cise nature of which is not very clearly stated,
subsequently arose, and the Mexican authorities
refused or delayed to grant the permits that were
demanded for its transportation into the interior.
At this time our Government had, of course, ceased
to have any control over any portion of the pop-
ulation residing in Mexico, or over their effects.
Turner & Renshaw declare that, m consequence
of these wrongful proceedings of the Mexican
authorities, they were much injured, and were
compelled to sell their tobacco at a very great sac-
rifice. They sold three hundred quintals of it to the
petitioners, Hefden & Co., for only $13 per quintal,
though they declare that, if proper permits had
been granted when demanded, in a reasonable
time, it migrht have been sold for an average price
of about #25 per quintal.
Well, sir, Belden & Co. having purchased the
obacco at these reduced rates, and after being
subject to still further delays, finally obtained, as
they state, permits to transport it into the interior.
"But, they say, at the city of Saltillo the tobacco
was seized by the order of some Mexican judge,
withoutstatinganycause for this outrage, and that
a citation was afterwards issued by the cou *t, com-
manding the claimant, Belden, to appear before it,
within twenty days, and show cause why the
tobacco should not be confiscated. He did not,
however, appear before the court; because, as he
says, it would have been inconvenient ancl ruinous
for him to be absent from his business, and because
the time was not sufficient to enable him to attend
thecourtat Saltillo, which was four hundred miles
distant. Certain it is, that he failed to appear
before the court, and that the tobacco was confis-
cated, and he condemned to pay a fine of about
$26,000. He says .that to this day he does not
know the cause of this extraordinary act, but has
only heard that he was charged or suspected of
smuggling.
It appears that an execution issued upon this
decree, and was levied upon the property of Bel-
den & Co., at their place of business. The decree
imposed a fine of about $20,000, and provided the
alternative punishment of imprisonment until the
fine was paid. Belden says that he believed—
whether justly or not, I have no means of determ-
ining—that his further residence in Mexico would
only be at great hazard of his life, and he left the
country, protesting against the proceedings of the
Mexican authorities, and intending to demand re-
dress from the Government of the United States.
The petitioners then applied to the Department
of State, complaining of the wrongs done them,
and of the violation of the treaty, and the case
became a subject of negotiation between our Gov-
ernment and Mexico. While these negotiations
were pending, the papers connected with the case
were called for by the Senate, and were commu-
nicated in part by President Fillmore, who stated
that, as the claim was a subject of negotiation,
he did not deem it expedient at that time to make
public the reserved documents. They then pre-
sented a petition to the Senate, asking for prompt
action and redress for losses sustained; upon which
petition a report was made in 1852, by Mr Mason,
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
expressing the opinion that there had been a
flagrant violation of the treaty by the judicial de-
partment of Mexico, but declaring that the claim
was against Mexico, and no relief was due by
the United States to the petitioners. Two years
afterwards, indeed, the chairman of the Senate
committee—the good Homer sometimes sleeps—
so far modified the former report as to recommend
a return of the duties paid on the tobacco.
Mr. BRIDGES. Did I understand, correctly,
the gentleman from Virginia to say that Belden
& Co. were summoned before a judge to answer
a charge of smuggling?
Mr. MILLSOiSr. No, sir; I did not say so.
Mr. BR! DOES. I wish to know whether that
was the charge?
Mr. TIIJJNT. No, sir.
Mr. BRIDGES. Then I wish to know what
the churee was ?
Mr. MILLSON. I said that a citation was
issued, commanding Belden &. Co. to appear
before the court. But Samuel A. Belden says
that he did not know what he was summoned
there to answer, though he has since heard that
he was charged with smuggling.
Mr. HUNT. I do not understand the gentle-
man from Virginia to say that any citation was
ever served on Mr. Belden.
Mr. MILLSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNT. At what time? In time for him
to be present? Because the evidence shows that
it was a physical impossibility for him to appear.
Three days were allowed him to go four hundred
and twenty miles, in that country. It was a
mockery. The whole proceeding was a mockery.
Mr. MILLSON. The honorable gentleman
; did not attend to me, perhaps, as carefully as he
I should have done.
| Mr. HUNT. I am sorry for it. I do not wish
j to do the gentleman injustice.
Mr. MILLSON. I stated that the claimants
alleged that they had received twenty days' notice,
which they did not deem sufficient notice to enable
them to travel four hundred miles.
Mr. E1UNT. They only received three"days'
nonce from the time of service.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. HUNT. I am not mistaken, I think.
Mr MILLSON. The petition of Samuel A.
Belden says: c< Some months subsequently your
:| petitioner was cited, by an order from the district
11 court, to appear at Saltillo within twenty days, to
j show cause why said tobacco should not be con-
j fiscated."
i Mr. HUNT. I will not interrupt the gentle-
man now. I will explain the matter when he has
concluded his remarks.
Mr. McMULLIN. The point at issoe between
the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Hunt] and
my colleague seems to be as to the extent of the
notice served upon the parties—whether it was
twenty days or only three days. Can my col-
league inform the House at what time the notice
was served ?
Mr. MILLSON. Samuel A. Belden states that
he was ordered to appear atSultillo within twenty
days.
Mr. HUNT. I hope the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will be allowed to proceed without inten^ip-
tion. We shall get along much better in that way.
Mr. MILLSON". But it is wholly immaterial,
in my view of this case, whether it was twenty
or two thousand days. I mentioned it merely as
apart of the narrative. 1 am now stating the
facts that the House may judge of the nature of
the claim. It will presently be seen how little
importance I attach to this point of difference,
whether the gentleman or myself be right in our
impressions about the length of the notice.
Now, then, this bill proposes to do what? To
refund to the petitioners the duties which were
paid upon this tobacco, though they never paid a
cent of the duties upon it, so far as the documents
in this case show, for they purchased the tobacco
from Turner & Renshaw; and also, I presume,
to refund the military contributions which they
may have paid upon all the goods that were taken
in execution for the fine of $26,000 imposed by
the Mexican tribunal. So much for the facts.
I now propose, Mr. Speaker, to reply to some
of the arguments which have been made by gen-
tlemen who have addressed the House in favor of
the hill.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton]
says, and the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Hunt,] seems to be of the same opinion, that the
payment of duties was a guarantee of governmental
protection of the goods upon which the duties
were paid, and that the deprivation of the posses-
sion of the goods entitled this party to claim the
return of the duties; and he actually holds the
Government of the United States responsible for
the value of the goods themselves. And my col 
league [Mr. Bayly] rose, and stated his concur-
rence in the law, as propounded by the gentleman
from Tennessee. Sir, I am compelled to dissent
from these opinions of the public law, held by the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and by the chairman of the Committee on
the Judiciary, that the levying of duties upon
goods is a guarantee of protection in the enjoy-
ment of the good?.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, (interrupting.)
I do not desire to interrupt the gentleman; but he
does not state my proposition fairly. I presume
he has no design to misrepresent.
I did not say that the levying of duties imposed
upon the Government an obligation to protect the
party in the enjoyment of the goods. But 1 did
say, that the Government of the United States
stipulated expressly—and 1 have before me that
stipulation—that it would provide that no further
duties should be imposed, and that no confiscation
should take place of such goods as had been in-
troduced under the proclamation; and 1 say that
it is the duty of the Government of the United
States to protect the importer to the extent of the
obligation assumed in that proclamation, and
that the levying of duties itself implied that the
Government of Mexico should not be permitted
to levy other duties, or impose confiscation, or
charges of any kind; or throw any embarrass-
ments in the way of the ordinary coinmeicsal
operations of the American citizen introducing
the goods into the country. *
Mr. MILLSON. The statement of thp gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] to which I
have alluded, was doubtless consistent with the
view he has just expressed, and there was nothing
in my statement at all inconsistent with the expla-
nation now given. I did not intend to represent
the gentleman as maintaining any other doctrine
than that which he has just announced But, his
doctrine is, that the imposition of duties upon
goods during the time that this territory was in
the military occupation of the United States, %ive
an implied guarantee of projection bv thp United
States. He relies upon the fact that this Govern-
ment had control of the country, and exercised
