1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
jurisdiction over it. Now, this is precisely the
point of his argument which I am undertaking to
reply to. The control and jurisdiction of the
United States t < Mexico were certainly not greater
than within their own teiritory; and let us see,
sir, whether tVcollection of duuesat home, where
our jurisdiction is more perfect than it was in
Mexico, gives any guarantee for their protection
afterwards. Why, sir, so far from it, the control
and protection of the Government of the United
States over all goods on which they receive duties
cease the moment the duties are paid. At that
very instant of time the merchandise ceases to be
under the protection or control of the United
States, at that very instant it comes within the
control of the States, is protected by the laws of
the States, and is subject to the regulation of the
States. All our license laws in the States depend
upon this doctrine.
How can the treaty made with Mexico, for the
benefit of our own citizens, add anything to the
obligation or the liabilities of our Government.
It may, and it did give her a right to interfere for
their protection, but certainly did not impose any
liability upon her to them. It may have given
her a right to punish Mexico for any outrage
practiced upon them, in violation of its provisions,
as she may punish her own citizens for similar
outrages m violation of her laws; but will it be
pretended, that if a man is despoiled, in the Uni-
ted Siates, of goods on which he has paid duties
to the Government, the Government is therefore
bound to make good his loss, or even to refund
the duties? No one carries the doctrine to this
extent; and yet no proclamation that the Govern-
ment may issue can hold out stronger inuuce-
merits to importation than our acts of Congress,
fixing the duties on imports. And if there is no
such liability for loss when merchandise la im-
ported under the law, as will be admitted on all
sides, how ran it be said that such liability can
arise out of the introduction of goods into a for-
eign country, under a proclamation?
My colleague, [Mr. Bayly,] in indorsing the
legal principles announced by the gentleman from
Tennest-ee, [ Mr. Stantom,] read an extract, which
he commended to my special attention, from a re-
cent opinion of the Lord Chancellor of England, to
the effect that if a person is spoliated by a foreign
Government, and if from weakness, timidity, or
any other cau^e, on the part of his own Govern-
ment, no redress is obtained from the foreigner,
he has a claim on his own Government.
Sir, this is most extraordinary doctrine; and I
can well imagine the shade of Jeremy Benrham
frowning indignantly upon the Lord Chancellor j
as he uttered this sentiment in his place in the
House of Lords. What, sir! That a Govern-
ment which from weakness, timidity, or any
other cause, fails to obtain redress for a wrong
done to one of its own citizens is bound to make
compensation for that injury itself! Sir, that is a
doctrine, which, it seems to me, is as much
opposed to good sense as it is to the unbroken
piactice of all nations, from the earliest times to
the present moment, it is a familiar principle of
national law, that the right to declare war belongs
to the sovereign, and that it ought never to be
exercised except where the public interest de-
mands it. What would be the condition of feeble
nations, if this were the received law? What
might be the fate of the little republic of San
Marino? What temptations would it not hold
out to some grasping Power, to offer such violence
to the citizens or subjects of a weak neighbor,
whose territory it coveted, that it might be pro-
voked to a declaration of war, resulting, of course,
only m its subjugation and destruction ! No, sir,
there is no such principle of mutual assurance in
the social compact.
It seems to me, sir, that the authority of
Grotius, founded, as it is, upon the practice and
usages cf nations, in ancient and modern times,
is much more worthy of respect. He says, that
" a prince is not always obliged to take up arms,
whafev er just reasons of complaint any particular
subject of his may have, unless all, or most of
his subjects would be sufferers on that account;
for it is a sovereign's business to have greater
regard for the whole than the part; and the
larger the part is, so much the more dors it
approach to the nature of the whole." Grotius,
in Ins elucidation of this doctrine, adverts to that
memorable parable of our Saviour, in which he 1
says, that if one king is going to make war with
another king, he sitteth down first and considereth
whether he be able with ten thousand to meethim
that cometh with twenty thousand.
But the gentleman may say, that if the sov-
ereign does not choose to wage war, he is bound to
make compensation to the subject who is injured.
Sir, has our country, has any nation, ever acted
on this principle? If that bg sound doctrine, why
do we not pay to the Spanish claimants the whole
amount of the indemnities which they demanded
from the Spanish Government? We stipulated with
the Government of Spam, at the time of our acqui-
sition of Florida, that we would reserve from the
purchase money to be paid for that Territory, the
sum of five or six millions of dollars, out of
which the claims of our citizens against the
Spanish Government should be paid. But these
claims amounted, in the aggregate, to more than
$30,000,000. We did not choose to declare war
against Spain to enforce the payment. And are
we, I ask, bound to make compensation to those
who received no satisfaction, or only partial
satisfaction, from the award of the board of com-
missioners? Who will say that we are?
But, sir, the gentlemen seem to think that under
the treaty with Mexico guarantying the right to
Hell the merchandise on which the military con-
tribution had been levied, the Government of the
United States is bound to make amends. Let us
see what would be said of a similar claim of
Mexico founded upon this very treaty. California
was a part of the territory ceded to us by Mexico.
It is now a State. We stipulated that the inhab-
itants residing there should be protected in the
enjoyment of their liberty, their property, and
their religion. Now, let me put to the honorable
gentlemen a case which may occur.
Let us suppose that spirituous liquors on which
duties were paid to the Mexican Republic, before
the cession of California to the United States,
should be confiscated by the State of California,
under the provisions of some law prohibiting the
sale of ardent spirits, and oonfiscating the property
when attempted to be sold. Will the gentlemen
tell me that the Republic of Mexico would have
a right to demand redress of the Government of
the United Sratew, and that it would be bound to
pay to the injured party the value of the ardent
spirits so confiscated, or even to refund the duties
collected by her, because of our supposed viola-
tion of the treaty ?
But, sir, there is another serious objection to the
principles of this bill. Belden & Co.dtd not even
invoke the aid of the civil tribunals of Mexico.
So far from defending his case before the tribunal
to which he was cited, and carrying up the case
to the highest appellate court within the Republic
of Mexico, he did not even obey the summons.
I can only regret that my colleague, [Mr. Bayly,]
when he yesterday announced his approval of the
doctrine of the public law, as laid down by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] had
not evinced more respect for the authority of the
statesmen of our own country.
I will cite the opinion of Mr. Jefferson, when
Secretary of State, communicated in a correspond-
ence with Mr. Hammond, the British Minister,
some sixty years ago, in which he states it to be
a rule as, indeed, it is maintained by all writers,
I believe, on international law, that a foreigner
cannot appeal to the political authority of any
country until he has exhausted all his remedies
before the courts. The case was one originating
in Massachusetts. A British subject had captured
a vessel belonging to a citizen of that State, and it
had been condemned as prize of war. The captor
afterwards came within the jurisdiction of the
| State, where he was arrested and a judgment ob-
I tained against him for the value of the vessel, and
| he was imprisoned in default of payment. When
I a remonstrance was made by Mr. Hammond, the
J British Minister, to Mr. Jefferson, he replied that
! the party ought to have appealed from the decis-
i ion of the court, and that he had no right to make
a demand upon the Government of the United
States for redress, until he had exhausted his rem-
edies before the courts of justice. Belden & Co.,
so far from having exhausted all their remedies
before the courts, did not even appear before them,
but contented themselves with filing a protest, ap-
pealio<r, not to the Mexican Government, but to
our own Government. Mr. Jtfferson, m a most
lucid and admirable State paper which I have
repeatedly read with great pleasure, and in which
he reviews the whole of our existing relations with
Great Britain, connected with the complaints made
on both sides of the violation of the treaty of peace
of j 783, states to "Mr. Hammond:
<k The administration of justice, is a branch of the f-ov-
ereigntyover a countrv, and belongs e.\clusively to the
nation inhabiting u. No loreign power can pretend to
participate in their jurisdiction, or that tlicir citizens re-
ceived there, are not subject to it. When a cause has been
adjudged aecordiugto the rules and forms of the country,
itsju&tice ought to be presumed."
In aletter of Mr. Jefferson, to Mr. Genet, who
also complained of injustice done to citizens of
the French Republic, in violation of the treaty
with France, Mr. Jefferson, who certainly will not
be suspected of undue deference to the judicial tri-
bunals, informs him that the courts of the United
States would do justice between the parties, and
that the Government cannot interfere with them
in the exercise of their proper authority.
Sir, in cases like this, it strikes me as being of
very doubtful propriety, for the legislative depart-
ment of the Government to interfere with the
Executive in reference to matters occurring in a
foreign country, between the Government of that
country, and persons residing there. These are
subjects of extreme delicacy, and we would be
very jealous of such interference ourselves. In my
opinion, they ought to be left where the Constitu-
tion has placed them—with the Executive author-
ities of the two countries. We know nothing
about the existing state of the negotiations. W e
know nothing of the grounds on which Mexico
seeks to justify her conduct. The statements and
affidavits are altogether ex parte, and very indef-
inite, at best. We do not know whether the
claims of Belden & Co. against Mexico, which
certainly are for a very large amount, are well
founded or i*ot. We ou^ht. therefore, to be slow
even in expressing opinions as to any violation
of the treaty.
I do not admire the position in which some pol-
iticians would place the country. It does not
become us to assume a hectoring, blustering, chal-
lenging gait towards every other nation upon the
face of the globe. It is a dangerous doctrine that
we are to supervise the relations between Ameri-
can citizens, who choose to reside in foreign coun-
tries, and the Governments under which they may
prefer to live. It does not become the legislative
branch of this Government to erect itself into an
appellate tribunal from the decisions of foreign
courts. Especially does it seem to me to be im-
proper for this Government to take an assignment
of this claim, either in whole or in part, as is pro-
posed in this bill, and then, it may be, to enforce
its collection at the point of the bayonet. Let ug
wait the termination of the negotiations upon this
subject. We do not know in what state they
now are, nor have we ever been in a condition to
understand the case properly, as all the documents
have not been communicated to Congress. As to
the justice of the claim, even against Mexico, I
can, therefore, come to no final opinion. I do not
impeach it. I know that a judgment, or decree,
was entered against the claimants, and that their
property and effects were seized to satisfy if; but
their claim for compensation is against the Mexi-
: cm Government, and not the Government of the
: United States. They have no claim, even for a
| return of the duties paid upon the goods, nor
would they have, if they had paid the dunes them-
selves. But they have paid, as I have shown, no
duties on the tobacco which was seized. The
duties were paid by other parties. The claimants
purchased tobacco, and not a claim for duties.
Turner & Renshaw sold merchandise to Belden
& Co., and not a claim against the United States
for military contributions paid by them. If I were
wrong in all the views I entertain of international
law, [ say, upon the plain ground upon which
this claim comes before us—the asking a return
of duties not paid by the claimants, but by others,
asking a return upon the ground of difficulties
opposed, and obsiacles placed in the way of the
disposal of goods, when it was, perhaps, on ac-
count of those very difficulties and obstacles that
they were enabled to purchase the property at the
price they gave—they have no just ground to
demand indemnity from the Government of the
United States.
But, however that maybe, his claim should
be sent to the Committee of the Whole, and dis-
cussed there. Already has too much time been
