318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
enacting clause of the bill; and upon that motion
tellers are demanded.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Hillyer were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 84, noes 49.
So the enacting clause was stricken out.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the commit-
tee rise.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the Union generally,
and particularly the special order, being House
bill (No. 295) " to provide for the establishment of
railroad and telegraphic communication between
the Atlantic States and the Pacific ocean, and for
other purposes," which they had directed him to
report back to the House with the enacting clause
stricken out.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I hope the friends of a
railroad communication with the Pacific coast will
concur with me in opposing the recommendation
of the committee, so that we, who are interested in
continuing the enacting clause of the bill,may
have a su'ject-matter to act upon in the House.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a question of order.
Debate has been closed upon the bill by an order
of the House, and X object to ail debate unless it
is in order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill is now
before the House, and the Chair knows of no
rule by which the bill is not open to discussion.
Mr. GROW. Was not the debate closed by
order of the House?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The order of the
House only closed debate upon the bill in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The bill is now before the House, and is
open to debate.
Mr. BENTON. 1 have a motion to make,
which, I believe, takes precedence.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. (Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee.) There is no motion in order while
the gentleman from California is upon the floor.
It cannot be taken from him for the purpose of
submitting a motion.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I desire to propound
a question to the gentleman from California.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will hear it.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN The gentleman from
California calis upon the friends of this measure to
oppose the recommendation of the committee. I
desiie to know, if the recommendation is non-
concurred in by the House, what bill will be
pending before the House—the original bill, the
subsuute, or the substitute as now amended by
the committee ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. That will be a matter for
the Chair to decide.
Mr. HAMILTON. T should be pleased if the
Chair would give his opinion.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the Chair if it is
now in order to move a substitute?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not in order
to move a substitute pending the recommendation
of the committee to strike out the enacting clause.
That question takes precedence of any motion to
amend.
Mr. BENTON. I have a motion which takes
precedence.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. But the gentle-
man from California is upon the floor, and it can-
not be taken from him for the purpose of submit-
ting a motion.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish now to have it
understood that, as far as I have been able to
learn,—and I have made the subject my careful
business since I arrived in this city, a year ago last
November,—this bill is one which conforms more
fully than any other with the views of those who
are in favor of a railroad to the Pacific. I came
from my people, from my distant home, for the
purpose of soliciting of the Federal Congress aid
in securing1 a communication between the Atlantic
States and the Pacific ocean, so that we may no
longer be compelled to pass through hostile tribes
of Indians at the hazard of our lives, or of passing
through the tropics, where life is also in peril. I
might say that I left this body last August for the
purpose of returning to California, and I could
not mike my home without going into an atmos-
phere poisonous to my system, and I reached
home an invalid. On my return I met the same
difficulty, the same brigand, upon my route, and 1
suffered the same consequences. Eveiy one who
travels from here to California, does so at the peril
of life.
California is a part of this Confederacy, a part ;
of this Union, entitled to a communication with
her sister States, entitled to attention at the hands
of her sister States. I came here from my people
—severed from me now by deserts—to ask a com-
munication, to ask a road; not, to be sure,to ask
three roads, but one, which will answer our pur-
pose. One is all I expect at the hands of this
House, Since 1 first came here, I have industri-
ously made it my business to ascertain what kind
of a measure would suit this and the other body,
constituting the Congress of the United States.
My first proposition was the bill I introduced,
upon which the select committee was organized,
and which provided for only one road. A com-
mittee of thirteen was appointed from different
parts of the Union, and they adopted the plan of
two roads. The Senate committee were not able
to agree upon any bill at the last session. Mr.
Seward had his plan; Mr. Foot had his plan;
Mr. Rusk had his plan; Mr. Douglas had his
plan, and Mr. Gwin had his; and, in the conflict
of opinion, all concurrence of action failed.
This session the same committee took up the
House bill, modified, amended, and changed it,
and introduced the plan of three roads, i have
understood, by constant communication with
members, that that bill, providing for three roads,
would best suit the members of this body. I am
satisfied that any modification, in substance, of
that measure now, will result in its certain defeat.
I am satisfied of this, not alone from my own con-
viction of what is proper jyid right, but by com-
munication with almost every member upon this
floor.
If my mission is to be answered here; if I am
to take back to my State the assurance that a
direct communication will, a few years hence, be
opened between the Atlantic and Pacific coast; if
1 am to assure them of a safe and expeditious path
across the desert and mountains, so that they will
not be compelled to spend a month incurring the
dangers of the sea and of the isthmus, or the dan-
gers of the savage tribes, v^ho have frequently cut
off whole companies, and butchered men, women,
and children, without distinction; if I am to tell
them that they may come to the Atlantic States,
and visit their friends and relatives, that they may
come for the transaction of business,, private or
public, without facing the dangers to which I have
alluded; if 1 am to tell them, when their coast is
threatened by a foreign foe, that here is an iron
communication whereby your friends can come,
with munitions and means of war, to rescue them
from impending danger, and stand between them
and sacrifice;—if I am to do these things, I want i
to take home to them the assurance of the passage j
of this bill, as, substantially, the only means of !
doing so. And now I appeal to all the members j
of this House, if they intend to do anything, this |
is about the only way in which it can be done. |
Mr. WALBRIDGE, (interrupting.) I would !
simply say, that I desire the gentleman from
California to indicate the course he desires the
friends of this measure to pursue, that they may
be able to determine whether they will stand by
him or not.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wish to in-
quire of the Chair, whether it would be in order
for the gentleman from California, before he re-
sumes his seat, to move a substitute for the original
bill, or another bill; and then call the previous
question on it ?
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
in the chair.) The Chair is of the opinion that
the question before the House is on the recom-
mendation of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, to strike out the enacting
clause of the first bill, (No. 395,) reported by the I
gentleman from California, [Mr. McDohgall,] i
that that is the only question, and that it is not in
order to submit any motion to amend pending the i
motion to strike out. I
Mr. BENTON. I desire to submit a question j
that is in order. ;
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman "Yrom j
California yield to the gentleman from Missouri, :
that he may indicate his proposition ? '
Mr. McDOUGALL. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Although the
question now is on the recommendation of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of ihe Union,
to strike out the enacting clause, I would ask
whether it is not in order, as it was ruled to be in
order on the Nebraska bill, to submit a substitute
for the bill before calling for the previous quesiion ?
I think that, on the occasion referred to, such a
motion was introduced by the chairman of the
Committee on Territories, and sustained.
The SPEAKER. The recollection of the Chair
is, that, on that occasion, the previous question was
called as soon as the recommendation of the com-
mittee was made; that the recommendation was
voted down, and the previous question being ex-
hausted, a substitute was offered, and theprevious
question called on it.
Mr. WASHBURN. Will the previous ques-
tion be exhausted by vote on the recommendation
of the committee ? Or, if that recommendation be
voted down, will it run to the engrossment of the
bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that it would be exhausted after the vote on the
recommendation of the committee.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. The first question to
be decided by the House is, as I understand, on
concurrence in the committee's recommendation.
If that be voted down, will not the bill be then
open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will. Does the gentleman
from California yield to the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Benton,] to indicate his proposition ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. Yes, sir.
The clerk then read the following paper, sent to
the Speaker by Mr. Benton:
Motion to commit ihe bill and amendments, arid pro-
posed amendments', to a select committee of thirteen mem-
bers, Willi instructions to report a plan to construct a mil-
road and telegraph line from the western boundary of some
western Slate, to the eastern line of California, by private
meant;; the said road and ie]p«iaph to he confuted to
the Territories of ihe United States, wnh a view to connect
wall similar State improvements at each end of said line.
Mr. BENTON. Now, Mr. Speaker. 
Mr. McDOUGALL. I cannot yield further.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri cannot take the floor from the gentleman
from California, to submit his proposition.
Mr. BENTON. How long does the gentle-
man's five minutes continue?
The SPEAKER. He has an hour. The five-
minute rule only operated in committee.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 have been doing my
best, Mr. Speaker, to properly discharge my duty.
I came here with the right to a response in this
matter from the House of Representatives, and
this Congress. I hope the report of the Commif-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union will
not be concurred in. If it is not concurred in, I
shall move, as a substitute, the bill of the select
committee, as offered by the gentleman from Lou-
isiana, [Mr. Dunbar,] and amended by the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Washburn] I move
non-concurrence in the committee's recommenda-
tion, and call for the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to recommit the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The SPEAKER. The previous question being
demanded, the Chair decides the motion out of
order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. But the call for the pre-
vious question has not been seconded.
The SPEAKER. No motion to refer is in
order while the demand for the previous question
is pending.
If the House refuses to second the call for the
previous question, the motion of the gentleman
will then be in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I hope the House
will non-concur, and let the bill be recommitted.
Mr. LETuHLR. Is it in order to move to lay
the whote subject upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I submitthatmotion,
and demand the yeas and nays on it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and Mr. Lf,tchi:r's
motion was disagreed to—yeas 54, nays 3CO; as
follows:
YEAS—MVsens Ahororombie, Thomas II. Baylv, Bel-
cher, Benton, Bocock, Boyce, Bridges, CaMvie, Civis-tain,
Colquitt, Curtik, Everhart, Franklia, Fuller, Gamble,
