1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
Goode, Grow", Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Sampson W. Har-
ris, Hibbard, Houston, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Kent, Kerr, KidwHI, Rittredge, Kurtz, Letcher, Lewis,
McCulloch, McMulIin, McQueen, May, Millson, Murray,
Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Bishop Perkins, Powell,
Pury-ar, tteese, Ruffin, Shaw, Shower, Skeiton, William
Smith, Straiton, Trout, Vansant, Wheeler,and Witte—54.
NAYS— Messrs. JamesC. Allen, Willis Allen, Appleton,
David J. Bailey, Ball, fcarksdale, Barry, Hell, Bennett,
Benson, Bliss, Breckmtidge, Bnstow, Campbell, Carpen-
ter, Oaruthers, Chainb«rJain, Chase, Clark, Cobb, Cook,
Corwin, Crocker, Cummincr, Cutting, Jv)hn G. Davis,
Thomas Davis, Dawson, De Witt, Dickinson, Disney,
Drum, Dunbar, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmands, John
M. Elliott, Ellison, Etheridge, Farley, Faulkner, Fenton,
Flagler, Florence, Goodrich, Goodwin, Green, Greenwood,
Grey, Harrison, Hastings, Haven, Henducks, llenn, Ilies-
ter, Hill, Hillyer, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Roland Jones,
Knox, Lamb, Latham, Lilly, Lindley, Lmdsley, Macdon-
ald, McDougaU, Mace, Macy, Matteson, Maurice, Max-
well, Mracham, Middleswarth, Smith Miller, Morgan,
Mordecai Oliver, Parker, John Perkins, Phelps, Phil-
lips, Preston, Prmgle, Ready, Riddle, David Ritchie, Rob-
bins, Rowe, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Shannon,
Simmons, Singleton, Samuel A, Smith, William It. Smith,
G. W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,
JFIestor L. Stevens, Straub, David Stewart, John J. Taj lor,
John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller, Thurston,
Upham, Walbridgo, Walker, Walley, Warren, ElUhu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, John Wemworth,
Tappan Wonlworth, Westbrook, Daniel B. Wright, Yates,
and Zollicofler—h29.
Sr> the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. T demand tellers on sec-
onding the call for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hughes and
Straub were appointed.
The House wasdtvided; and the previous ques-
tion received a second, the tellers having reported
—ayes 83, noes 40.
Mr. McDOUGALL. What does the Chair
decide in regard to the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. When the vote is taken on
the motion to stuke out the enacting clause, the
previous question is exhausted.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Suppose the House
does not concur with the committee, what then ?
The SPEAKER. Then the bill is open to
amendment.
Mr. BAYLY. And discussion?
The SPEAKER. Open to both.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. Does the Chair refer
to the original bill ?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
The main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. FAULKNER. I call for the yeas and
nays on concurrence with the report of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and the report of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was non-concurred in—yeas 57, nays 118; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken. David J. Bailey,
Thomas II. Bayly, Belcher, Bueock, Bridges, Campbell,
Oaskie, Chasrain, Colquitt, Crocker, Faulkner, Ftankhn,
Fuller, Gamble, Coode, Grow, Hamilton, Aarort Harlan,
Sampson W. Harris, llibbard, Hill, Houston, George W.
Jones, J. Giancy Jones, Kerr, Kidwell, Kittred«z<\ Kurtz,«
Jjetcher, Lewis, Jjjl y, McCulloch, McMulhn, M< Ciuf-en,
Mauncp, Million, Mm ray, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Orr,
Peck, Bi?hop Perkins, Powell, Puryear, Ree*e, Ruflin,
Shaw, Shower, Skeiton, William Smith, Strauon, Trout,
Vansant, Wheeler, and Witte—f>7.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Apple-
ton, Banks, Barksdale, Barry, Bell, Bennett, Benson,
Benton, BIips, Bris tow, Bugg, Carnthers, Chamberlain,
Chase, Chrisman, Clark, Cobb, Cook, Corwin, Cox, Cnl-
lotn, Cutting, John G. Davis, Dawson, De Witt, Dick-
inson, Disney, Dunbar, Eastman, Eddy, Edgertou, John
M. Elliott, Ellison, Etheridge, Everhart, Fatlry, Floienee,
Giddm^s Goodrich, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Harrison,
Hastings, Ha\en, Hendricks, ilenn, Hiester, Hillver,
Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Roland Jones, Knox, Lamb, La-
tham, Lindley', Lindsley, Macdonald. McDougaU, Mace,
Macv, Matteson, Max well, Mcacham, Middleswarth, Smith
Miller, Morgan, Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, John
Perkins, Phelps, Preston, Pnnglc, Ready, Riddle, David
Ritchie. Robbing Russell, Sabin, Saae, Sapp, Sewaid, Sim-
mon*5, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith,
Geoiee W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Richaid H. Stan-
ton, He-tor L. Stevens, Straub, Andrew Stuart, David
Stuart, John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Tay-
lor, Teller, Thurston, Upham, Wade, Walbridge, Walker,
Wally, Warren, Elhhu B. Washburne, Lrael Washburn,
WelN-, John Wentworth,Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook,
Daniel B.Wright, Yates, and Zolhcoffer—118.
So the House refused to strike out the enacting
clause of the hill.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I now submit, as a sub-
stitute for the entire bill, the proposition offered
in committee by the gentleman f/om Louisiana,
[Mr. Dunbar,] with the modifications of the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Washburn.]
[This proposition will be found in proceedings
of 16th January, pp. 281-2.]
I also propose to correct a typographical error
in the twenty-sixth line, by adding after the word
" mile,"the wards "per annum.*' I propose,also,
to insert in the third line, after the word " mile,"
the same words. I make these changes in order to
express more fully the object sought in drawing
up the amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask the
gentleman from California to give way, to enable
me to move that the House adjourn, to enable the
friends of the bill to consult with each other.
Mr. McDOUGALL. i wiil yield for that pur-
pose if, by so doing, 1 do not lose possession of
the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gentleman
yields for a motion to adjourn, he will be entitled
to the floor when the bill again comes up.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 will move to recommit
the bill, and yield to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Before moving
to adjourn I desire to inquire of the Chair whether,
if the House adjourns in the present stage of the
bill, the bill will come upas unfinished business in
the morning ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sup-
poses that, inasmuch as this bill is the special
order, it will remain before the House until dis-
posed of.
Mr. STANTON. Then, with the permission
of the gentleman from California, I will move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I wish merely to say
that, when this bill comes up to-morrow for con-
sideration, if the House fail to sustain the demand
for the previous question, I intend to offer the sub-
stitute which we had under consideration when
we were in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will withdraw the motion to adjourn.
1 have on my desk the pension appropriation bill,
with the action of the Committee of Ways and
Means upon it. It will not take more than ten
minutes to dispose of it, and i hope the House
will allow it to be taken up and disposed of.
Mr. STAN TON. I have no objection to with-
drawing the motion to adjourn to allow the gen-
tleman from Alabama to report the bill indicated
by him, but not to take action upon it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not wish to report the
bill unless it can be acted upon. 1 prefer to keep
it m the hands of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. STANTON. Then I insist upon the mo-
tion to aOjoiffn.
Mr. MiLLSON. As it is very early in the day
to adjourn, I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put; and the motion was
agreed to.
And thereupon, at twenty-five minutes past
three o'clock, the House adjourned until to-mor-
row, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 19, 1855.
Prayer by Rev, Henry Slicer.
The Journai of y esterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. HOUSTON presented a memorial of Cher-
okee Indians, residing east of the Mississippi,
praying that the amount set. apart by the treaty
of 1835-'3G, may be paid to each of them sepa-
rately; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Also, a petition of John S. Van Rensselaer and
Zachariah Lawrence, in behalf of the delegations
from the States of New York, Maine, and Ohio,
to the national convention of the soldiers of the
war of 1812, recently held in Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, proposing certain provisions
respecting the appointment of pension agents to
be incorporated in any act which may be passed
by Congress granting bounty land and pensions
to the soldiers of that war; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. JAMES, it was
Ordered, That Thomas Brownell have leave to withdraw
his memorial and papers.
On motion by Mr. MORTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the executor of John J.
Bulow, jr, deceased, on the file  of the Sena;e, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. FISH, it was
Ordered, That leave be grafted to withdraw the me-
morial of Alexander J. Da Cruz, Luis Vidal Oezar, and
Bentos Pacheco dos Santos; the memoruU of Amaral and
Bastos; and the memorial of M inurel A. T. Darboza,
claimants to indemnity for the seizure of the brig Susan,
by the United States brig Perry.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Amos B. Eaton, praying to be allowed certain
items which were rejected at the Treasury De-
partment, in the settlement of his accounts, as a
commissary of subsistence in the United States
Army, reported a bill for his relief; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr.SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the joint resolution
from the House of Representatives, authorizing
the President of the United States to adopt meas-
ures to procure the erection of a first-class light-
house on Cape Race, reported it, with an amend-
ment, in the form of a substitute.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill making
appropriations for the improvement of the harbors
on lakes Ontario, Erie, St. Clair, Huron, Superior,
and Michigan, reported it with amendments.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
Mrs. Jane McCrabb, widow of the late Captain
John W. McCrabb, assistant quartermaster of
the United States Army, praying an appiopriation
of certain moneys equitably due her deceased hus-
band, for special and extra-official services in the
Florida war, submitted a report, accompanied by
! a bill for her relief; which was read, and passed to
| a second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred the
pitition of Enoch Moore, praying to be allowed
compensaion for loss of clothing, &c., on board
of the bark Oriole, wrecked at the mouth of the
Columbia river, while he was in the service of the
Government, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. FISH, from the select committee, to
whom was rpferred the bill for the better protec-
tion of life and health on board of passenger ships,
reported it, with amendments.
RILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GWIN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint
resolution for the establishment of an express
mail, weekly, between St. Louis, Missouri, and
San Francisco, California; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
THOMAS MARSTON TAYLOR.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that they agreed to the conferencc,
asked for by the Senate on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses, on the bill of the Senate for
the relief of Thomas Marston Taylor, and had
appointed Mr. Macdoxai d, of Maine, Mr. Wal-
ley, of Massachusetts, and Mr. Letcher, of
Virginia, managers at the conference on their
part.
BARK COLONIST.
Mr. SEWARD. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the petition of
Christian F. Funch, have instructed me to report
a bill to authorize the issue of a register to the
bark Colonist, by the name of the Lilly. As it
is a matter to which there can be no objection, I
ask for the immediate consideration of the bill.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
considered, as in Committee of the Whole.
The Colonist was a British bark, purchased
and now owned by Christian F. Funch, of New
York; and the bill is to authorize the issuance of
a register to it, under the name of the Lilly, if it
shall be proved to the satisfaction of th<, Secretary
of the Treasury, that the cost of repairs made m
the United States, after its purchase, is equal to
three fourths its value at the time of the repairs.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed. ^
