320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19.
BARK FOUNDLING.
Mr. STUART. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce, to whom was referred
the petition of William C. Pay, a citizen of the
United States, praying that a register may be
issued to a foreign bark, picked up at sea with
no one on board, brought into Boston, libeled,
and sold at auction by the United States, and pur-
chased by him, to report a bill to authorize the
issue of aregister to the bark Foundling, of Boston.
I ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to con-
sider it now.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill. No amendment
being proposed, it was reported to the Senate,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
It was read the third time, and passed.
BARON DE KALB.
Mr. EVANS. By a resolution adopted some
days ago, Friday was set apart for the considera-
tion of private bills.
The PRESIDENT. The Secretary reports
that it does not operate until next Friday.
Mr. EVANS. I hope, then, I shall be allowed
to call up at this time the bill from the House for
the relief of the children and heirs of Major Gen-
eral Baron de Kalb. Ik was somewhat at my
instance that it was not acted upon when it came
from the House of Representatives, and I feel it is
a duty which I owe as well to myself, as to those
who are to be benefited by it, to call it up at an
early hour. I hope, therefore, the Senate will
now take up and dispose of this claim which has
been seventy-five years before Congress.
Mr.'GWIN. I will state to the Senator from
South Carolina that two days ago a bill for the
relief of Commodore Jones was laid over on
account of the absence of the Senator from Vir-
ginia. I think it will occupy but a short time,
and I am anxious to have it disposed of.
Mr. EVANS. I shall have no objection to
taking it up after this is disposed of.
Mr. Evans's motion was agreed to; and the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill.
In consideration of the claims, services, and
sacrifices of the late Major General Baron de
Kalb in the war of the Revolution, it is proposed
to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
his children and heirs $,60,099 76.
The bill was reported to the Senate, without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading. It
was read the third time, and passed.
COMMODORE JONES.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the bill for the relief of Captain Thomas
Ap Catesby Jones.
Mr. STUART. When I objected to the con-
sideration of the bill the other day, it was stated
by the Senator from California [Mr. Gwin] that
the honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr.Mason]
could explain to the Senate the grounds upon
which the case stood. I objected to it for the
reason which I then considered, and consider
now, a very valid one—that it was a case highly
important in its character, inasmuch as it pur-
poses to set aside, in fact, a portion of the finding
of a court-martial, and that the committee who
reported the bill, reported it'without any accom-
panying explanation of the facts. It seemed to
me to be a case which required, in itself, a very
full statement to the Senate of all the facts con-
nected with it. Now, sir, if the facts can be pre-
sented to the Senate, I am not prepared to say
that I shall object to the passage of the bill; and
I hope that some Senator, the Senator from Vir-
ginia or some other, will give the Senate a very
full statement of the case.
Mr. MASON. I suppose it is known to the
Seriate, doubtless it is to the honorable Senator
from Michigan—it is certainly known to the coun-
try—that Commodore Jones was, at the instance
of the Navy Department, I think, some two or
three years ago, brought to trial before a court-
martial for certain alleged irregularities in the
course of his official conduct in California, very
'soon after the making of the treaty with Mexico,
by which California was acquired. It is very
well known to the country that a peculiar state of
things existed in California at that time, when it
was transitu, between an organization and the
want of an organization; and the actual duties,
authority, and responsibility of our military com-
manders there, whether of the Army or of the
Naval service, were not very clearly defined.
Commodore Jones was the commander of the
squadron upon that coast, and, according to my
general recollection, was instructed by the Navy
Department to exercise certain duties and author-
ities as connected with that service. The court-
martial which sat on his case were in session some
two or three months. I do not speak very confi-
dently as to the time, but they were a long time
in session. They took an immense deal of evi-
dence, and made, in consequence, a very large
report, which I have not read. I read, from time
to time, as it was published in the papers, por-
tions of the testimony which was taken. I could
not—it was not in my power—go into the merits
of the inquiry conducted by that court-martial.
It was alleged, however, I know, as one reason
for Executive interference after the court had pro-
nounced their judgment, that testimony had been
received, by that court, of an ex parte character,
without the knowledge of Commodore Jones, or
of his counsel, and alter it was announced that
the whole testimony was before the court.
The court, in their sentence, found the Com-
modore guilty as to some of the charges—what
they were I cannot recollect—and not guilty as to
others; but the result of it was that they sentenced
him to be suspended from active command for a
period of time—probably three years—and, during
that period, to be deprived of the pay and emolu-
ments of his commission. Commodore Jones is
a gentleman whom I have known all my life. For
him I have felt the greatest respect, and, in his
position as an officer of the Navy, I have felt a
very deep interest. After his suspension he came
to me, as one of the representatives of the State—
for he is a Vnginian, by birth and education—to
ask the President of the United States to review
the judgment of the court-martial upon its merits,
and upon other grounds, on the allegation—which
seemed to be sustained by the testimony—that the
court had admitted evidence after they had pro-
nounced the evidence closed, and without his
having an opportunity of replying. I made the ap-
plication to the President—the late President Fill-
more. According to my recollection he declined
it, on consultation, I suppose with his advisers,
upon the ground that it was not competent for him
to review the action of the court. At a subsequent
day during that Administration, however, the
President interfered so far as to remit the sentence
of the court, as far as he had the po\ er to do it,
by restoring Commodore Jones to his active com-
mand in the Navy for the unexpired period, what-
ever it may have been—-probably twelve or eigh-
teen months; but he had no power to affect that
portion of the sentence which related to the pay.
I understood, at that time, the opinion of the
Executive to be—and it may have been a correct
opinion—that it had no power to review or reverse
the sentence of the court; but none doubted thai
the Executive could remit the penalties imposed
by the court, so far as the Executive had the
power. The Executive, whose duty it was, of
course, to inform itself of the record, with that
information, did remit the sentence so far as it
involved the active command of the officers; and
he was returned to his command.
The present application on the part of Commo-
dore Jones is to complete what was left incomplete,
by allowing him to draw his pay and emoluments
for the time that he was deprived of his command.
That is addressed to the discretion of Congress, I
apprehend, and purely to its discretion.
I would never, I hope, in view of my duty to
the Government, advise that Congress should
undertake at all to review or to reverse the action j
of a court, whether military or civil, unless under :
charges of flagrant delinquency, or impropriety,
or something of that sort, which is not alleged
here. But I understand the practice of the Gov-
ernment to be, without interfering with the sen-
tence of the court at all, without questioning the
rightfulness of the judgment given, if the merit of
the officer, before the sentence was pronounced,
was such as to invoke it at the hands of Congress,
to remit the penalty as far as it may be in the
power of Congress to do it. Such is the tenor of
• this bill. It simply provides that the pay of which
J Commodore Jones was deprived, while the sen-
I tence was in operation, shall be lestored to him—
remitting, thus far, the penalty of that judgment;
and upon the terms of the bill, it expressly ex-
cludes any inference that Congress, in passing it,
meant to question the action of the court in any
form. I would not leave thatopen to implication.
Who is this officer ? He is among the oldest of
our naval captains. I believe not the very oldest,but
among the oldest. He has, perhaps, performed
as much active service as any officer in the Navy,
and, during the late war, when he was a younger
man, the most efficient service, as the annals of
the country show. Mr. President, some three
years ago, that officer did us the honor, at our
mess in the city of Washington, to call one morn-
ing to pay a visit. The pavements were covered
with ice and sleet; and when he left us and took
his leave, he fell upon the pavement, and we found
him there utterly disabled. 1 am at liberty to
speak of this, because it passed under my eye,
and, I am free to admit, made a very powerful
appeal to my sensibility, although it was before
he had been subjected to the official action of the
Government.
Mr. BUTLER. It was afterwards.
Mr. MASON. My friend from South Caro-
lina says it was afterwards. Perhaps it was. I
know it made a very strong appeal to my sensi-
bilities. He fell upon the pavement, was disabled,
and was brought into the house. The fear was
that he had dislocated his shoulder, and it was
necessary to strip his clothes from his shoulder to
see the extent of the injury, and we there found
the honorable wounds and scars that he had re-
ceived during the war. The shoulder was utterly
disabled. The joint was destroyed. The power
of controlling the arm was gone; and the marks
and cicatrices were upon his person. He told us
that, unfortunately having lost the control of that
side of his person, he had been unable to preserve
his balance, and thus fell upon the pavement. We
saw there the condition of his person. He had
lost the free and efficient control of the muscles on
that side. Where did he get those wounds ? He
got them, sir, in the preliminary defense of New
Orleans. I think I may appeal to my recollection
of the history of that day—it was impressed upon
my mind at the time—that it was by the flotilla,
commanded by this officer, that the whole British
fleet was delayed several days in its approach to
New Orleans, giving time to General Jackson to
complete his organization. It was in that fight he
was thus disabled.
Such was his service. I speak of that as one
instance only of what was rendered by this officer
to the country during that war; and what does he
ask now? Doubtless we are bound to presume—
for, as I have said, I have not inquired into its
merits—that, for some course of conduct, he had
sufficiently incurred the censure of the Navy
Department to require that the penalties should be
imposed upon him. They did not deprive him
of his commission, or dismiss him from the Navy,
but they punished him by imposing a temporary
disability. That temporary disability was not
considered by the court, or in public estimation,
as a very great hardship, unless accompanied by
a deprivation of his pay in the meantime. That
was the penalty imposed for the offense, whatever
it was. The Executive, before the time expired,
restored to him his rank, and active service. It
could not remit so much of the penalty as deprived
him of the pay for the time the sentence was in
force. I know nothing, or very little, of the
pecuniary condition of the gentleman. I do know
enough, however, to be informed that the loss of
his pay during that period of one or two years,
whatever it was, has subjected him to very serious
personal inconvenience.
1 will not detain the Senate further than to say
that, in my view, this is nothing but an appeal to
the Senate, a request to the Senate, to remit the
penalty which has been undergone,by paying the
money, of which, by that sentence he was de-
prived; but with a salvo in the bill that it is not
to he considered in the slightest degree to express
an opinion upon the merits of the judgment in the
Mr. GWIN. I stated the other day, when the
senator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] called fcr
the report of the committee on this case, that the
papers laid before the committee were very volu-
minous. The committee examined them, arid they
came to the conclusion that Commodore Jones
was entitled to the relief which he asked, and that
