THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 20, 1855.
New Series....No. 21.
they could grant it without passing any censure
on the court which tried him. There were opin-
ions expressed in regard to the finding of the court,
of its injustice to Commodore Jones, by the ablest
members of the legal profession in this city, which
were before the committee. I will ask the Secre-
tary to read the concluding portion of the opinions
given by General Walter Jones, Richard S. Coxe,
and Joseph H. Bradley, who are men of eminent
ability, in which they state, after an examination
of the whole case, that injusiice was done to Com-
modore Jones. The committee did not choose,
however, to make that declaration in the bill which
they reported. When such eminent members of
the bar were of opinion that the finding of the
court was not legal or just towards Commodore
Jones, it was a sufficient ground for the commit-
tee to report in favor of granting the relief asked
for. It is merely a restoration of pay to an officer
who has been for nearly fifty years in the Navy,
and who has rendered most meritorious.services
to the country. I will send to the Secretary an
extract from the opinions to which I have referred,
and I hope the Senator from Michigan will pay
attention to its reading.
The Secretary read as follows:
I do not deem it necessary to extend this review of the
case to each separate item in the allegations having reference
to this money; for, if I am right, as 1 let-i confident 1 am,
so far they are all covered by the remarks X have already
iriade. I have made this review with Hie mam purpose of
arriving at satisfactory results, without regard to whether
they should he for or against you ; and I h.ive come to the
clear conclusion, that the findings of the court, when they
are against you, are erroneous, and the sentence is there-
fore illegal, and ought not to be affirmed.
I am, sir, your most obedientseivanr,
JOS. II. BRADLEY.
I have carcfully examined and reexamined the views as
above expressed by my friend, Mr. Bradley, and heartily
concur in them. lllCII. S. COXE.
March 14,1851.
I have most carefully and dispassionately reviewed and
considered the principles of law and the facts involved in
the charges and sptcifit ations upon which Commodore
Jones >vas tried before the late navdl geneial eomt-marnul,
wheieo?Commodore Stewart wa- pre^id>-nt, and ( remain
under the clearest and deepest conviction that there was
no sufficient proof of any one tact that ou^htto have sub-
jected Inm to the imputation of any criminal motive or act
in the judgment of any tribunal, vviullier administering jus-
tice under the law maru.il, or under the municipal laws of
the land- Still, I should have been i.ir le-s .'iMomshed if the
court had brought in a general and unqualified verdict of
guilty than I was at seeing the piebald verdict of half-way
conviction and half-way acquittal winch h<i3 been actually
returned by the court.
That facts are found proven against the whole weight
of the evidence, and against all the plainest conclusions
judicially deducible from u, seems to me quite demonstrable,
but the irreconcilable and oppiobriou^ contradictions be-
tween suoh of the court's finding* as go to criminate, and
such as go to exonerate the accused, is palpable on the tace
of the verdict itself. I think the dilemma on which the
verdict of the court is hung, must be apparent to every
juuicial msnd. The acts and intents whereof he is acquitted
were indispensable to his conviction on those whereot he
tras been fouud guilty. His acquitial of the one shames
his conviction of the other. Tin: morality is, if possible,
worse than the law, when it is adjudged to be no ft avd in an
officer to appropriate a certain sum of 1hP public money to
his own use, and,in the next breath, adjudged tli.tt ihesame
identical bum of money was, in fact, scandalously appro-
priated (o hit own use. /w the scandalous violation and abuse
ej a yntblt-c trw>t, prosHltUm* lu-i oflue aad command to the
$>urpjse$ of his prioate traffic and gain, giving an coil ex-
um/de, and beuig >candulous conduct, lending to the deduc-
tion of good morals.
I think this judicial confusion of the most indispensable
principles of right and wrong, of honor and dishonor, of
fairness and fraud, is offai more <c evil example,1' and tends
far more strongly to the destruction of good morals," than
would thousands of malversations and peculations com-
mitted by officers intrusted with the custody of public
money.
AH the half-way acquittal? and half-way convictions
on the other branches of the accusation are of analogous
absurdity, and fall precisely, in principle, under the like
censure. The party stands convicted of certain facts, from
which all the venom in which they were fir-t steeped is
completely washed away, while some new venom, con-
eoetcd by an undivuiged proce&--5 is supei induced.
I conclude with expressing my heart/concurrence in the
views of the case taken by Mr. Bradley, and only regret
that 1 have not time to corroborate his conclusions by re-
marks on the evidence in detail. WALTER JONES.
March 14,1&5L
■ Mr. GWIN. I have only a few words to say-
in addition.. As 1 stated, it was not the object of
the committee to go even into an argument to show
that there was equity in the bill,much less to show
that, in the minds of eminent members of the legal
profession, the action of the court was unjust to
Commodore Jones. I will state another fact. The
most important -witness for Commodore Jones, his
private secretary, Colonel Stewartwho was sum-
moned to appeal- before this court-martial to give
testimony, could not get there in time. The
steamers then left California for New York only
once in thirty days. He started by the first
steamer after he received notice, but before he
arrived here the decision was rendered. He as-
sures my colleague and myself, that his testimony
would have entirely exonerated Commodore Jones
from the judgment which was rendered against
him. Every means was taken to get him before
the court, but it was impossible. The remoteness
of California at the time, resulting from having
only one steamer a month, rendered itimpossible.
If he had been tliere, his testimony, I have no
doubt, would have resulted in the acquittal of
Commodore Jones. lie was his private secretary,
and was cognizant of the facts of the case, as no
other man could be. Under the circumstances,
without giving any opinion adverse to the court,
(for we have not gone into that question,) the
committee thought that, from the equity of the
case, we should pass the bill.
Mr. CLAYTON. I shall vote for this bill with
great pleasure. 1 am glad that the committee has
found some means of relief for this gallant officer.
I do not rise at all to go into the argument which
has been well explained and enforced by the com-
mittee, but I do wish to state a little incident con-
nected with the history of this gentleman, which
is appropriate to the question before us. All that
the Senator from Virginia has said of him, and of
his heroism, and gallantry, and patriotism in the
last war, is true. Sir, when you walk down the
western terrace of this Capitol, and look at that
beautiful monument which was erected to the
memory of the heroes of the American Navy who
fell at Tripoli, among the beautiful statuary there
you behold the Muse of History, recording, as
she was originally represented, the achievements
of the Ameiican Navy.
When the'British took and burnt this Capitol,
during the last war,acaptain of the Biitish Navy,
I grieve to say it, sir, aided the barbarian soldiers
and sailors who mutilated that beautiful monu-
ment. A greater evidence of their own barbarity
could not have been given; but that officer, who
assisted in mutilating that monument, took from
the hand of the Muse of History the pen that was
in it, declaring that history had no pen to recoid
ihe achievements of such a Navy as ours, with a
feeling as insulting as that which was shown by
the barbarian Gaul, when he ihrew his sword into
the balance at Rome. Sir, in that action, which
the Senator from Virginia has alluded to, before
the battle of New Oileans, (hat officer, who thus
publicly insulted the American Navy and this
country, fell by the hand of Thomas Ap Catesby
Jones. He died by his hand; and I thank God
that 1 have an opportunity now of giving my vote
in a case like that before me, to relieve this gentle-
man from imputations that are not warranted, in
my judgment, to be properly imposed on him.
I shall gladly vote for the bill, and in giving my
" aye " in its favor, I shall raise my voice at least
an octave higher than its usual note.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Piesident, as a friend
of the bill, 1 regret that the opinion of counsel has
been introduced and read. I do not think it tends
to strengthen the case of Commodore Jones. In
voting for this bill, I do not design or desire to
express any opinion upon the conduct of the court
which tried him. That court was composed of
high-toned, honorable men, no less so than Com-
modore Jones himself. In my judgment the court
was conducted properly. In voting for this meas-
ure, if I vote for it at all, I do so on conditions
entirely outside of the action of the court. I do
not think that the finding of a court marfial, de-
liberately made, and affirmed by the President on
mature inquiry, should be brought into this body
"for reaffirmance, investigation, or inquiry. If it
should, it would involve us in controversy which
would occupy this body for months. The officers
who tried this gentleman are not here; they cannot
be heard; but if he has been improperly convicted
from malice, hatred, envy, or uncharitableness, it
'must pass as a stigma upon themselves.
It will be seen that the bill itself contains a
clause providing that it shall not be held to impugn
the finding of the court, or to express tbe opinion
of Congress upon the organization or conduct of
the court, or words to that effect. That clause
was put m by the committee, at my suggestion,
so as to avoid any controversy as to the conduct
of the court-martial. In the committee room, I
took this view of the case: that the moral effect
of the court-martial on Commodore Jones himself
and on the efficiency of the naval service, had
been attained by the conviction which he had
undergone; and why should we not, in the de-
clining days of this gentleman—who has shed 80
much glory on his country, who has risked his
life in her defense; who has seen some nineteen
years of sea-service, and whose name is recorded
on the bright pagesof the country's history—why
should we not smooth his path to the grave? He
is poor; but he does not come here as a pauper to
ask a pittance. History shows us what he has
done. It shows that he may properly appeal to
the Naval Committee, and to Congress, to remit
this penalty, because it does not do away with the
moral effect, or impair the finding of the court-
martial at all. In that view of the case, I regret
that the opinion of counsel has been read, because
undoubtedly that opinion was but a one-sided
affair, prepared expressly to present Commodore
Jones's case in the most favorable light to the
Executive for his action.
In referring to the services of Commodore Jones
—which services alone have induced me to vote
for this bill—I revert, with a great deal of pleas-
ure, to the fact that Commodore Jones entered
our naval service in 1805. Trusting to no person
for the facts, I have made the inquiry myself. I
find that from 1808 to 1812, Commodore Jones
was actively employed in the duties of his pro-
fession upon the coasts of Alabama and Louisiana.
He entered the war there in 1814, and Congress
has already, in a very able report", decided upon
his services, and those of Commodore Patterson,
on those coasts. The executive documents oi
the Government show that their importance has
always been recognized. I may also refer to the
fact that Commodore Jones, as a naval command-
er, was the first officer who ever opened any
international negotiations between ourselves and
the Sandwich islands, and who placed promi-
nently before this country the great importance of
those islands, in a commercial point of view, to
our country. Ar.d as has been justly said by the
honorable Senator from Virginia, he now carries
in his body the ball which he received at New
Orleans from the enemy, when attacked by nine
times his force. The circumstances of that occa-
sion were such, that any officer, no matter what
his position was, would be justified in leaving his
vessels, and joining the party on shore. But he
defended them to the last against nine times his
number.
Now, sir, we have no titles for the living; we
have no Westminster Abbey for the dead; and
when a man, occupying this position, comes be-
fore us, and asks for the mere paltry sum of
money which has been abstracted from his pay,
after he has spent his life-time in the service of
his country, I, for one, cannot reject his applica-
tion.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, my friend from
Virginia knows that! have felt agreatdeal ofdiffi-
culty in reconciling myself to vote for this bill. I
am free to say here now, that I shall vote for it
somewhat in the spirit which actuated the Roman
people when they called upon Scipio to answer
charges made against him. His reply was, " this
is the day upon which I fought the battle of
Zama." He was not tried, sir. In that spirit, I
am perfectly willing now, in gome measure, to
21
