322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
bestow the honors of the ceuntry upon Commo-
dore Jones by the vote I shall give, I am free to
saysI had friends upon the court-martial that tried
him, I saw that hero during the time he was
under trial, and I was present on the occasion al-
luded to by my friend from Virginia; and if ever
I have seen a human being who has suffered the
tortures of punishment, it has been Commodore
Jones. He believed that the sentence was unjust.
Far be it from me to say so; because 1 will not,
in any honor which I may bestow on this hero,
obliquely, or in any other way, throw censure on
those who tried him. It was competent for the
President certainly to remit the punishment, or,
in other words, to pardon him. The province of
pardon belongs to the President. This is but a
legislative pardon"; and I view it in that light. I
regard it as a precedent which it may be very
difficult hereafter to avoid; but I am willing to vote
for the bill, considering it in the light in which it
has been presented by othfers—that Commodore
Jones has won victories for this country; that he
has, in my opinion, suffered punishment enough.
"Vyhat he suffered upon hearing that he was con-
victed of any charge, was sufficient punishment
for a man of his sensibility and honor. I do not
say that the court were not ail right; b^t I say
that after he has suffered what i believe to be a
punishment adequate for the offeree, I am per-
fectly willing now to remit ail that 1 can remit to
him, and give him pay for the time he was sus-
pended from command.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I shall be
compelled, very reluctantly, to vote against this
bill; and I wish to state, in a very few words,
why I must do so. My friend from South Caro-
lina has well said that this is a legislative pardon.
It is a legislative pardon, proposed to beextended
to a naval officer who has been convicted, and
punished, by a court of his brother oHioers. It
either involves in it the idea, or the declaration,
that the officers of that court have been guilty of
wrong in the decision which they have pro-
nounced; that they have either ignorantly mis-
taken the law, or the facts of the ense, or have
willfully disregarded the obligations of their duty,
or it does not imply this. If it implies this, u is a
jurisdiction which I think Congress ought not to
assume, it is a jurisdiction which does not belong
to ua. It is a question which, from the very
nature of the case, we cannot investigate and de-
termine upon with justice and propriety; it is a
question which, from the very nature of the case,
is not intrusted to our decision; it is a question,
as I apprehend, with which we have nothing to
do.
In the other aspect of the case, which is that in
which it is put by the honorable Senator from
-Florida, the bill assumes that the judgment was
right. I must assume that jt was right. it wan
a sentence given by n lanre body of this distin-
guished officer's fellow officers, having the same
nice sense of honor and integrity which he has,
having the same sympathy which he would have
had for others similarly situated; and, we must
therefore suppose, compelled to the result at
which they arrived, by the overpowering force of
the testimony submitted to them. It was the junc-
tion of the court to decide the question of guilt
according to the rules of lav/ and evidence, and
then to apportion the punishment according to
their notions of what the demerit of the case
required. When they had done that, their pro-
ceedings, of course, went into the proper Depart-
ment for the purpose of reexamination. They
have then assumed the character of a sentence,
pronounced by a competent and unexceptionable
court, receiving the approval of the head of the
Government. I must therefoie suppose that, in
this instance, the distinguished officer whose case
is before us, has been disposed of with justice
administered in mercy.
Now, sir, with regard to the return of money
which this bill proposes, I can have, personally,
no objection. I have no unkind feeling towards
this gentleman—quite the contrary; but I cannot
fail to perceive that, as my friend from South
Carolina has justly said, this is a precedent, the
consequences of which it is difficult to foresee, and
from which it will be impossible to disentangle
ourselves. It is the commencement which will
lead to a system of applying to Congress when-
ever a sentence shall have been pronounced which
involves & pecuniary loss upon an officer of the ,
Navy, and, of course, upon an officer of the
Army, which has received the sanction of the
Commander-in-Chief, to call upon Congress to re-
turn the money, either upon the ground that, on a
revision of the sentence, they think it was wrong,
or that the faculty of mercy ought to have been
exercised by the President; or on the ground that
the officer formerly rendered distinguished ser-
vices, and should, therefore, be exempt from the
consequences which would fall on another in a
like case.
•It strikes me, that this must necessarily lead to
the weakening of discipline, in the military service
of the country; to the establishment of distinctions,
which ought not to exist; to the interpolation in
our code of the proposition that if an officer has
once well and faithfully served his country, he
stands in relation to discipline for his subsequent
conduct upon a different footing from other offi-
cers in the Navy; and, as a necessary and inevita-
ble consequence, as it seems to me, that there
shall be two grades <?f obligation upon the officers
in this service—one requiring a strict submission
to the discipline of the scrvice, a quiet acquies-
cence in the consequences of a violation of that
discipline; and the other, upon the ground of
former services, releasing one officer from the
obligations which rest upon another.
JNow, sir, as a measure affecting the service, I
cannot see the propriety of the passage of this
bill. In my judgment, we cannot yield to it with-
out establishing a dangerous precedent, which will
be felt by us hereafter, embarrassing to ourselves,
and having a most injurious influence upon the
discipline and subordination of the service. But
for these considerations I should gladly vote to
pass the bill. It would give me a sincere gratifi-
cation to vote, as my friend from Florida has said,
anything that would serve to relieve and gild the
declining years of tins gallant officer; but the great
interests of the naval service of the country,and,
as connected with that, of the Army service of
the country, 1 think, ought not to be surrendered
to any considerations of private hardship in a
particular case.
iVlr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I agree en-
tirely with the honorable Senator from North
Carolina. If discipline is to be enfoiced in your
Navy at all, it should be enforced in all grades.
In this ease you have the judgment of a court-
martial sentencing a distinguished officer, in con-
sequence of charges against him, to suspension
for three years, i think it was, from pay and
emoluments. 1 understand that, in revising that
sentence, the Executive remitted a portion of the
penalty, reducing it to eighteen months. If past
services are to opeiate as an immunity from the
consequences of subsequent misconduct, then you
. impugn the judgment of the court, which the bill
1 does not purport to do. The principle would be a
dangerous one in our country.
But there is a still further objection to our action
in this case. Under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, if I read it rightly, the pardoning
power, the power to remit penalties or forfeitures
of any kind, is vested m the Executive authority;
and it would be an invasion, on our part, of that
authority, if we were to interfere now after the
President has had the power to revise the case,
and has approved the sentence. If we should
undertake, under such circumstances, to remit
the penalty or forfeiture, on the ground of the pre-
vious services of the party, it would be, on the
part of Congress, an assumption of the functions
of the pardoning power m the particul ir case. I
am unwilling to set such a precedent, no matter
how distinguished the service of the officer, and no
matter what branch of the public service it applies
to.- 1 cannot, therefore, vote for a bill which, I
think, establishes so dangerous a principle.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I was very
much affected by the remarks which were made
by the honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Mason,] and also by those made by the honorable
Senator from Florida [Mr. Mallory] and by the
honorable Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clay-
ton.] I am desirous to give a vote in accordance j
with the suggestions winch they have made; but I i
concur with the last two Senators who addressed
the Chair on this subject, that I cannot vote for this
bill, notwithstanding the proviso which is con-
tained in it, without subjecting myself to the con-
sequences, in my own judgment, at least, of having
acted so as to impair the effect of the sentence ot
a court-martial,and so to weaken discipline in the
Navy of the United States.
I beg leave to suggest to the friends of this bill
a-proposition on which I think we can all agree;
and that is, that it be referred again to the Com-
mittee on 1*1 aval Affairs, and that they shall report
a bill proposing, in some way, some token of the
estimation of Congress for the gallant cervices of
Commodore Jones, without any allusion what-
ever to this court-martial. I shall, for one, vote
for such a bill with great pleasure, and I believe
that all will do the same. If a bill should be pre-
sented for that purpose, and not merely to give
him so much back-pay, whatever that amount may
be, or whatever its value may be, we should all
be happy to concur in it.
Mr. HUSK. Mr. President, I know of no
such consequences to result from a vote of the
Senate in favor of this bill, as are apprehended by
the Senator from Worth Carolina [Mr. Badger]
and the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,]
who are concurred with by the Senator from New
York. Commodore Joneswas tried by a court-
martial on certain charges preferred against him.
The court found him guilty on some of those
charges, and suspended him from his command
for three years without pay. This, I believe, was
the sentence of the court-martial. I understand
the President has relieved him from the suspension
from his command; he has, therefore, remitted
that part of the punishment inflicted by the court.
There remains only his suspension from his pay
for the three years; but, the President not having
the power to remit this portion of the punishment,
the Committee on Naval Affairs propose that we
shall do it.
Sir, in giving a vote to relieve Commodore Jonea
from this punishment, I do not, by any means,
' wish to be understood as disapproving of the find-
I mg of the court-martial. The Commodore is a
i gallant man; he is old, and is said to be poor; he
has done the country service; and so far as my
vote goes, I am willing to remit this portion of the
punishment to which he was sentenced. I do not
think that, by this vote, I cast any impu'ations
whatever upon the finding of the court-martial;
certainly, I do not mean to do so.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I am not de-
sirous to detract at all from what has been said
by honorable Senators respecting the services of
this officer. I award to him, as cheerfully aa
other Senators do, great credit for services hitherto
performed for his country. It was not upon that
1 ground that I made the objection in the first in-
stance. I have listened attentively to all that has
been said by honorable Senators for the purpose
of ascertaining, if I could, that the first impression
which I had upon hearing the reading of this bill
was an improper one; but I submit to the candor
of those Senators themselves that nothing which
has been said has at all affected the question of the
propriety of the interference of Congress in the
manner proposed.
1 said the other day that it seemed to me this
was one of aclassof cases, of all others, requiring,
before the Senate act upon them, a full, complete,
and minute report of every fact connected with
them. I submitted that it was not to be inferred
from the fact that the President had reinstated this
officer in command, that he ought to draw his pay
for the time he was suspended; and I will now
submit, in connection with this remark, another.
I think it was of the highest importance for the
committee who presented this bill to have reported
to the Senate the effect of the order reinstating
him. I think it is by no means clear that the
: effect of that order is not to give him his pay.
Sir, the authority to "grant reprieves and par-
" to remit fines and penalties, is one enrj-
dons,
ferred on the President in general terms by the
Constitution of the United States, and I call the
attention of Senators to the fact, that it was in the
power of the President, not only to remit the sus-
pension, but to remit the effect of that suspension
upon this officer's pay also. I think it will be
found that this question has been investigatedand
decided in England m favor of the proposition that
a pardon does restore the officer to the very posi-
tionhe occupied beforehewas suspended, entitling
him to all the emoluments of his office in the lult-
rim. At any rate, it certainly is important for the
committee and for the Senate to inquire into the
effect of the reinstatement.
Again, Mr. President—for I do not desire to
