1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
detain the Senate unnecessarily—how prpper, how j
satisfactory it would have been to have had the |
opinion of the President, or of the Secretary of the .
Navy, or of both, as to the effect upon the naval j
"service of this proposed action of Congress to see j
that the discipline of that important arm of the 1
Government will not be impairedif Congress shall
interpose in this instance, in consideration of the
great merit of this officer in past life, to give him
his intermediate pay.
Mr. BUTLER. How is the fact? Since he
has been restored, he has been drawing pay, I
suppose.
• &Ir. STUART* Certainly. The questions
which I "have suggested, are, in my judgment,
vital to the determination of this case. I thought
so when the bill was first read to the Senate; and
my subsequent reflection, based on the facts which
have been placed before the Senate to-day by
honorable Senators, only tends to confirm me in
this belief. Here is' the remarkable fact, that the
court-martial, in this case, was composed of the
most distinguished officers in the naval service of
the country, headed by Commodore Stewart, a
gentleman who could not help being the profes-
sional and personal friend ©f this officer. Sir,
every emotion which the honorable Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Clayton] has depicted here so
eloquently to-day before the Seriate, must have
prevailed, to even a greater extent, if possible, in
the bosom of Commodore Stewart in behalf of
his fellow-soldier; and yet he, with other mimes
equally gallant and equally meritorious, found
himself compelled to suspend this officer from the
service. The late President of the United States,
of course, upon an investigation of the case—for
no Senator will undertake to say that the late Pres-
ident, Mr. Fillmore, would approve this sentence
without an examination—approved the sentence
as reluctantly as the honorable Senator from Del-
aware himself would.
Mr. BADGER. Will the Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr, STUART. Certainly.
Mr. BADGER. I used an expression myself
which implied what the Senator himself has just
stated; but I think it a little inaccurate. When a
court-martial is called by order of the Secretary
of the Navy, and the sentence is anything short
of dismission, the proceedings do not go before
the President, but they go before the Secretary of
the Navy. The revision which was made m ihi.j
case by Mr. Fillmore, was upon an application to
pardon or remit, Jt amounts to the same thing
in substance. 1 merely wished that, the Senator
and myself should not appear to make a mistake.
Mr. STUART. The Senator is much better
advised, of course, than I am on this subject. I
irade the remark because I asked a question the
other day of the honorable Senator from Califor-
nia, if the President had approved the finding of i
the court, and he answered that he had. 1
Mr. BADGER. It came before him subse- j
quently, on an application for pardon. It amounts ,
to the same thing, however.
Mr. CASS. It must have come before him,
then. I
Mr. BADGER. Why? !
Mr. CASS. The Secretary of the Navy could
not have remitted the punishment.
Mr. BADGER. I say oil the second occasion
it came before the President, so that it is the sains :
thing.
Mr. STUART. It does not at all affect the
question. I was only arguing to show that the
proper authorities, under the laws of the United ]
States concerning the Navy, had found this sen- ;
fence to be proper. Now, sir, it will require a
pretty bold legislator, without a report of a com- ;
mittee showing us the facts, without a recom- 1
tnendation from the Navy Department, to step in '
here and, by legislation, set aside the finding of
the court. Does not the bill do that? Why, the |
President of the United States has restored the |
officer to his command; that disposes of that part i
of the case. If Congress pays him his interme-;
diate emoluments, he is no' only as well off as if ;
he had never been suspended, but he is better off, 1
for he gets pay for two > ears' service without per- |
forming any. And upon what authority ? I sub-
mit again that, if the President of the United ■
States, in restoring this ofheer to his command,'
thought he ought to receive his intermediate emol- j
uments, it was the clearest case in the world for |
him to say so to Congress, if he doubted his own
authority to give that effect to his order. It is
clear, to my mind, that Congress ought not to act
without such a recommendation, because the hon-
orable Senator from Florida is correct when he
says that Congress should not undertake to revise
the finding of a court-martial—a subject which
belongs exclusively to the Executive Department.
It is the duty of Congress to pass laws. It is the
duty of the Executive Department to see that they
are executed. What are we proposing to do now ?
We are proposing to say that the action of that
Department, as evinced in the findingof this court-
martial, is erroneous and improper, and ought to
be set aside. That is as clearly outside of the
power of the law-making portion of this Govern-
ment, as it would be to undertake to make a treaty
with England.
Sir, I am as desirous as any Senator on this
floor can be, not only to do justice to this gallant
officer, but to signalize him in any manner con-
sistent with my duty; and I be<? leave to say now,
once for all, that, in nothing that I have said or
may say, do I desire any gentleman anywhere to
understand me as being behind him who is fore-
most in his awards of merit to this officer. But,
sir, can we do this? Can we do it according to
the plain provisions of the Constitution of the
United States, and remain within the proper
sphere of our duty? If we can, outfit we to do
it without a recommendation from the Department
which, under the Constitution, has the supervision
of these affairs >
Mr. M ASON". If the Senator will allow me, [
will ask the Secretary to read the letter from the
Secretary of the Navy to Commodore Jones, re-
mitting the sentence. He will see from the terms
of it, that it was done on the recommendation of
the Navy Department, by the President.
M r. STUART. 1 shall be very glad to hear it.
The Secretaiy read the letter as follows:
I Navy Department, February 2.3, 1853.
| Sir: It gives mo much plea-ure to inform you that the
i President ot tin; Umted States, upon a consideration ot your
, case, as represented to him by the Department, lm«3 been
; pleased to duect that the residue ofthe teim ot'suspension
[ ia which you were sentenced by a naval general court-
! myriial, in Febiuary, trC>i, be lemiited, and that you be
: " restoied to the mjivumj "
Tin remission will talc effort fiom theinstant, from
1 which date j on will rounder > onisell waiting oiderw.
i am, respectfully, jour obedient servant,
JUIJiV l\ KENNEDY.
Com. Tuof. Ai  0. Joxra,
United Sinter iVtiei/, Pros]icct Ihll, T'irf.inia.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, that letter is
read very opportunely, for it prefaces what I was
about to say, and it is this: With great propriety,
the President might restore an officer to a com-
mand, when, with equal propriety, if he had the
power, he might not restore him to his past emol-
uments. It will never do to say that, because a
man has performed eminent services to his coun-
ts y, he is not to be found guilty for misconduct.
The President, therefore, might well say that the
punishment m this case was sufficient. The offi-
cer had then been suspended from the service for
two yearn; during that time he h?d lost his pay
and emoluments: and the President might well say
that, in his opinion, it was a sufficient punishment:
and, in coming to that conclusion, he might and
ought to take into consideration the veiy great
services of the officer. Stt!!, it is not at all to be
inferred from that fact, that he should be®;stored
to his first position, and suffer no penalty whatever.
That will be the effect of this bill if it passes. It
will be as if the court-martial had found him not
guilty.
Now, Mr. President, I cannot consent, either
to detain the Senate longer on this question, or to
vote for the bill as it stands. I wish 1 could vote
for it. I frankly say to you, sir, and to thehon-
orable Senators present, that no act of my life
would be connected with moie pleasurable emo-
tions, than to vote for this bill as it stands; but I
consider myself imperatively commanded, by the
Constitution and my duty, to withhold that vote.
The amount of money involved is nothing; it is a
mere bagatelle; it would not seriously affect an
individual in his private affairs; but the principle
involved in the bill, is orfe of immense import-
ance.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, I should not say
another word in regard to this matter if the Sena-
tor from Michigan had not so often repeated the
intimation that the Committee on Naval Affairs
had been deficient in their duty, in not making a
report in this case.
Mr. STUART. I beg to say to the Senator
now, if he will allow me, that if any such infer-
ence can properly be drawn from the remarks
which I made, I wish to retract the whole, for I
had no such design.
Mr. GWIN. Then I shall not allude to that
matter; but there is one doctrine which the Sena-
tor has advanced, that I must disapprove. It is,
that we are here merely to register the edicts of
the President of the United States, or his Secre-
tary of the Navy, or his Secretary of War, in
regard to court-martials on officers of the Army
or Navy. I undertake to say, this is the first time
sucli a doctrine has ever been asserted on this
floor; certainly, it has never been practiced here,
for it is notorious that the Senate have checkmated
the Executive in courts-martial. When court-
martials, approved by the Secretary of War and.
the President of the United States, have dismissed
officers of the Army, this body has stopped pro-
motions and required the President to restore
them; and I venture to say, that if this court-mar-
tial had dismissed Commodore Jones from the
Navy, the question would have come up here and
we should have reversed the order of the court**
martial. The facts would have justified the Sen-
ate in doing bo. What Commodore Jones most
complained of, was that they put it out of the
reacii of the Senate to do him justice on a full ex-
amination of the case. I protest against any such
doctrine as that the finding of this court precludes
the Senate from acting on the merits of the case,
if we choose to do so; but we do not choose to do
that here. The committee lest the bill on the
equities of the case. There was a difference of
opinion as to the finding of the court; and hence,
we did not pretend to impeach their action. It
was alleged that there were some irregularities;
that there was important testimony not taken, and
this is known to be true. Under all the circum-
stance-*?, the members of the court, as well as the
petitioner before the Senate, being veteran officers,
it was thought best, by the Committee on Naval
Affairs, not to go into the merits of the case.
Mr. BUTLER.. I wish to suggest that this case
be postponed; for the more I hear of the discus-
sion the more my doubts increase.
Mr. WELLKR. Mr. Piesident, if I were to
allow my personal feelings to control my public
action, I might feel disposed to vote against this
bill. In the year 1350, Commodore Jones was in
command on the Pacific coast. It will be recol-
lected that the State of California had very great
difficulty in obtaining admission into the Union.
During the excitement which was consequent upon
the neglect of Congress to provide for our admis-
sion, there was a large public meeting held in the
city of San Francisco, numbering, perhaps, some
six or eight thousand people. I took occasion
there, in a public speech, to say that, in the event
that Congress refused to admit us into the Union,
we must necessarily have some Government; and,
i in order to maintain that Government, we must
hate money, and that the surest and most effective
way of obtaining that money, would be to seize
on the custom-house. This remark was tortured,
by the public press, into an allegation on my part,"
that the people ought to proceed at once to take
possession of the custom-house. Commodore
Jones, atu dinnerparty shortly afterwards,having
heard this report, said that, in the event it was
true, he would have the pleasure of hanging Col-
onel Weller at the yard-arm of his vessel.
[Laughter.] I never denied the construction given
by the newspapers to that remark, for I abstain
from contradicting anything that I see in the public
prints. I have found out, that whilst I am denying
one charge, they are inventing half a dozen new
lies upon me. All that I did say, was that we
must have an organized Government to protect our
persons and property; and if Congress did not see
proper to give it to us, we must take care of our-
selves. w,e couhl not allow the Federal Gov-
ernment to collect revenue from our people, whilst
it refused to give us any sort of protection.
But, sir, enough of this. The President of the
United States has seen proper to relieve Commo-
dore Jones, so far as he could relieve him, from
the judgment of the court-martial. The legisla-
tive depaitment of the Government is now called
upon to relieve him, so far as they can, from that
judgment. He has been restored to his position "
