324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
in the Navy, and it is proposed by this bill to give
him the pay during the time of his suspension. I
vote for it upon the broad principles of equity
and justice. Here is an old and. gallant officer,
one who has performed distinguished services for
the country; he has been made the subject of a
court-martial, and, in the absence of his testimony,
he has been convicted. I have the assurance of
the gentleman who acted as the private secretary
of Commodore Jones—I allude to Colonel Stew-
art—a gentleman of high character, that if he j
could have gotten here from California, as he in-
tended to do, in time to give his testimony before
the court, many of those transactions on which
the judgment of the court-martial was rendered,
would have been satisfactorily explained.
Now, sir, if I know these facts, I cannot hesi-
tate, so far as my vote will go, to relieve him
from all the penalties imposed on him by that
court-martial. 1 do not know that the court-
martial, with the testimony which was before
them, could have found otherwise than they did.
No matter whether they acted correctly, or not;
when I am called upon to do a simple act of
justice to a brave and gallant officer, who has
served this Government faithfully, I shall not
Stand upon technicalities to find a pretext for
voting against it. I think the power is here. I
think that under our form of Government, we, 1
and we alone, have ihe power to restore the pay ]
of this officer during those,two years. X shall
not deny it to him. I care not what precedent it
may establish. Whenever 1 am called upon to
do justice, and I am satisfied from the fad'',
where the justice lies. I shall not refuse it. A.s
a Senator, 1 have a right to vote him his pay, and
X intend to do it.
Mr. TOUCEY. I do not, Mr. President, with
all respect for the opinions of others, entertain
any doubt that it is competent for Congress to
grant to Commodore Jones the pay of which he
was deprived during his suspension. 1 think it
can be granted by no other power. The Presi-
dent has done all he could do upon the facts
which have since been disclosed; thaj is, to par-
don; or, in other words, to remit the unexpired
portion of the sentence of the court-martial. It
was not competent far the Executive branch of
the Government to pay during the period when,
by law, the officer was suspended, as he certainly
was by the sentence of the court-martial, approved
by the President, under the operation of an act
of Congress.
Now, sir, if I understand the case, there was
evidence very material to Commodore Jones,
which it was not in his power to present to the
court-martial, and that the tiled of that evidence
has been a remission of his sentence. We are
now called upon to grant lnm his pay. A gallant
officer of the Navy, who has never been dis-
missed from the service, but suspended upon a
trial which appears to have taken place upon a
partial view of the case, makes this request.
I have confidence in the report of the Naval '•
Committee on thin subject; and until 1 hear that |
report questioned, the effect of which is that m
justice and equity he is entitled to tikis pay, I shall
confide in it. Having the power to apply a rem-
edy, I am willing in this and all other cases simi-
larly situated, to apply the remedy which tile j
Constitution has put into our hands. j
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the principles ,
involved in this case, seem to me to become more |
grave as we proceed. 1 do not mean to deny that j
where there is oppression in the performance of \
the duties of a court-martial, in the sentence lni- I
posed, or in the finding of the court, even though i
it be approved by the Executive of the United ;
States, Congress have a right, as a supervisory i
power, to protect the officers of the Army and j
and Navy from that oppression. But, sir, this ,
bill proceeds upon no such ground. There is no '
report from the committee, stating the facts of the j
case. There is no statement giving the judgment |
of tho committee that there was injustice done to j
Commodore Jones, either by oppressive acts on [
the part of the court, or by an accidental defect of!
testimony on his part. Senators now tell us, on |
this $oor, that if certain witnesses had been pres- j
ent, the sentence would never have taken place, i
or it would have been remitted at an earlier day, !
before the party suffered under it; but where are j
those facts reported by the committee ? Are we, in ;
the discussion of a bill reported by the committee j
on a totally different ground, professing expressly
not to impugn the decision of the court, to take
statements of the personal knowledge of individual
Senators, in order to revise the action of a court-
martial? Will such a course lead to justice?
Will it not establish a precedent alarmingly, dan-
gerous, and open the door hereafter, in every case
of a decision of a court-martial, aftera subsequent
lapse of years, either from personal or political
bias, to come in andoverturn a just decision ? Sir,
I should be norry to see the discipline of the Navy,
as regards its superior or inferior officers, placed
in a position of that kind.
If the committee to whom this case has been
referred, will report to us a state of facts showing
either that the court-martial, from an accidental
want of proper testimony on the partof Commo-
dore Jones, arrived at an erroneous conclusion in
his conviction; or that they imposed an improper
sentence on him, and that if that testimony could
have been presented to the court, in all human
probability, the judgment would have been differ-
ent from it—witn tluit state of facts before me, I
might exercise this discretion. I admit that no
President now, after a portion of the time has
expired, could remit the sentence for that portion
for which it has been executed by the lapse of
time. I admit that, if .such be the case, Congress
alone can give relief; and if a proper case were
made out for that relief on the report of a com-
mittee, [ should cheerfully vote for it on that
ground.
Sir, 1 go further. If tho proper committee will
cay to us, on facts stated and clearly provea, that
there was oppression from any cause, in the sen-
tence which was pronounced by the court and
approved by competent authority,under the Con-
stitution, 1 should be willing to make the grant
embodied in this bill, for the benefit of the officer,
but i am unwilling, without a single fact repotted
which would justify me m doing it, to revise the
past action oi a previous Administration in the
ordinary course of its duty, and to revise it by
casting an imputation, which you do certainly by
this bill, upon all the officers who constituted that
court, and who voted in favor of the imposition of
the sentence winch it pronounced.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, if I under-
stand this bill, it does not propose to cast the
slightest leflection upon the court-martial, or upon
any member of it; but, the bill expressly contains
a proviso exonerating them from any imputation
whatever. So far as that point i.s concerned, there-
fore, I have no difficulty; nor, in fact, have I any
difficulty at all as to the course I shall pursue in
voting upon this bm. I must confess that opin-
ions have been advanced here to which I cannot
assent; for instance, the notion that this body has
the power to revise the proceedings of courts-
martial, and restore officer* who have been dis-
missed by a regular legal proceeding. I deny that
the Senate has any such power. 1 insist that the
decisions of courts-martial, when ratified by the
Executive of the country, are final as to the re-
moval or suspension of any officer, so far as his
rank or command is concerned, either in theArmy
or the Navy.
The President has the power to nominate; the
Senate has the power to reject his nominations.
It cannot constrain the President to nominate any
particular individual for any office or situation.
We hav# a revisary pq^ver upon his acts when he
nominates public officers; but we cannot dictatc to
him what measures he shall adopt in relation to
the Army or the Navy, so far as the rank of the
officers is concerned. That, however, is not a
question necessarily involved in this bill. The
question is, whether Congress will grant to this
officer the pay to which he would have been enti-
tled if he had been continued in active service
during the time for which he was suspended by
the decision of the court-martial. The President
saw proper to restoie him to his command after
the suspension hed operated for sometime. The
question now, is, whether, during that time which
elapsed between the sentence of the court and the
remission by the President of the residue of the
punishment, the Congress of the United States
think proper to allow lnm his pay? i believe he
is entitled to it.
Sir, I am not afraid of setting a precedent in this
case. If a precedent had existed, I suppose the
pay would have been .granted as a matter of
course. I think legislation is independent of ail ;
precedent^ They are intended to regulate judi-
cial decisions where some great principle is in-
volved. The action of Congress, which is called
for in this case, is merely remedial. It is an appeal
to Congress to interpose where the present laws
are not commensurate to the exigency of the case
presented to our consideration. I grant there is
no precedent for this, but I do not need a precedent
for doing justice. I do not think that this would
form a precedent for any subsequent case, because
it is not probable that there will ever be a case
with precisely the same facts and circumstances.
This is an appeal-to the judgment of the Congress
of the United States, whether this should be done
upon principle. 1 think it is but an act of justice
that this pay should be accorded to the officer—
not because he was peculiarly meritorious, though
I grant that he was, and performed faithful service.
I have known him personally for more than thirty
years, as an active, efficient, and gallant gentleman
in the service. But, independent of that, if I had
never known the individual, and this case were
presented to me for my action, as it stands, dis-
connected from all other considerations, I should
vote to allow him his pay and emoluments from
the date of the suspension up to the time of his
pardon. I think he is entitled to this amount.
He was prejudiced to that extent by the action of
the court-martial. We have not heard a solitary
word to show that he was charged with any mis-
conduct or impropriety, or anything more than
slight omissions; and, perhaps, without a full
hearing upon them the sentence of the court-
martial was predicated. The Executive, in his
consideration of the case, and with a full view of
the circumstances, rendered reparation so far as it
was m his power to do it. Now, it is in the
power of Congress to give to this officer what he
asks. It iy but a mere pittance when compared
to the treasure of the nation. It would be a great
relief to him m his present circumstances, and but
a slight reward for his gallant services in days
gone by. [ will not chaffer over a measure like
this, nor consent to hav6 its consideration lead to
a consumption of time and an expenditure of
money more than equal to the amount which
would be given to the individual by the bill.
Sir, I shall vote for this bill from a full convic-
tion that, in so doing, I am rendering but sheer
justice to a.n individual, and that I am relieving my
country from a reproach of pitiful meanness,
which, it seems to me, can reflect no honor upon
the individuals concerned in it, or upon the coun-
try.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I wish to say
a few words in consequence of what has fallen
from the honorable Senator from Texas, who has
just taken his seat. If I understood him aright,
he intimated that the proceedings of this court-
martial were approved with precipitation, without
due examination and inquiry, and without prop-
erly weighing the nature of the charges, and the
evidence which was offered in support of them.
Now, sir, if the honorable Senator intended to im-
pute anything' of that kind to the gentleman who
was then at the head of the Navy Department, an
honoiable friend of mine, William A. Graham, of
North Carolina, I must be permitted to say that
he is entirely mistaken in the supposition whicat
he makes. That gentleman is entirely incapablh
in any case, but especially in one concerning the
reputation and feelings of an honoiable and dise
tinguidhed officer, of disposing of anything with-
out careful investigation and full inquiry, lam)
sure that the'honorable Senator from Texas, if he
supposes to the contrary, is under an entire mis-
take.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I stated that,
when the matter was submiited to the head of the
proper Department, or to the Execu tive himself, he,
with mature deliberation, and, as I had no doubt,
with discretion, made reparation, so far as was in
his power, by granting the pardon. I did not in-
tend to cast the slightest reflection on that gentle-
man, but to say that, so far as the case could un-
dergo a careful revision by the head of the Depart-
ment, it had been done, and relief was granted, so
far as he could grant it. The honorable Senator
from North Carolina must have entirely misap-
prehended what I said, for I did not intend to reflect,
in the slightest degree, either on the then head of
the Navy Department—for whom I have the high-
est respect—or on the then Executive of the nation.
Mr. MALLORY. I have an amendment which
