m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
demnation, and rro stain remaining against this
officer. In a court of justice, if a conviction is
pleaded against a party, he is at liberty, if he can
•present one, to produce a pardon; and whenever
that pardon is produced, the effect of it-is to ren-
der the judgment or sentence absolutely void—not
merely to avoid it prospectively, but to avoid it
retroactively, and it is just as if no judgment had
ever been pronounced.
Now, then, the President of the United States
has, by the Constitution, full and unlimited power
of pardon. He has the right to remit the whole
Of- a sentence. He can. do it by piece-meal; he
can release a part, remit a part, or he can abso-
lutely extinguish the whole. He either has done
this, or he has not done it. If he has done it,
there is no necessity for this proposed law, unless,
perhaps, it may be necessary to make an appro-
priation to pay what would have accrued before,
and that can come under any other bill as well
as this. Or he can do' it yet; and I submit to
the friends of this bill, whether, if the pardon
does not go to that extent, it is not best to have it
go to this extent, so that this individual can go to
the accounting officer of the Treasury and get his
pay, and then if there be any difficulty about it
we cartprovide for it. I think there is a disposi-
tion all around the Senate, to award this sum of
money to the officer; but the difficulty we have,
is about establishing a precedent which will be
injurious hereafter in its effect on the discipline of
the Navy. I am sure it would be gratifying to
this officer himself, to receive it in the way I have
suggested.
Mr. BADGER. I am not going into the dis-
cussion of this bill; but as the Senator from New
York has announced ceriain le;;al principles which
1 do not think are clearly right, but a portion of
which, I think, are certainly incorrect, I do not
wish the matter to pass with the idea that there is
a general concurrence of the Senate in what he
has said. 1 would not have the friends of this
measure trust to the ability or power of the Presi-
dent of the United Slates now, to remit this sen-
tence,so as to entitle Commodore Jones to receive
the money which, as my friend from Georgia lias
Said, is already appropriated; because the appro-
priations are made every year for all the officers
ill the naval service. The view which I would
intimate on that subject 13 this: It is not in a strict
sense true that, whenever a pardon is granted, it
has thfc effect of placing the party just where he
would have been if 110 sentence had been pro-
nounced. When a pardon is pleaded upon the
arraignment of the individual, it discharges him
from all further proceedings. If it is pleuded after
a conviction, and in bar of the sentence, it stops
and suspends the proceedings from (hat moment.
But if a man receives a sentence, and that sen-
tence is executed, completely executed, 1 uo not
know any ground for saying that n subsequent
pardon will have any effect whatever upon the past
transaction. It would be manifestly improper that
it should, have.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 desire, for my own instruc-
tion, to ask my friend from North Carolina, not
only as a lawyer for whose legal opinions I have
great respect, but as one who is somewhat familiar
with the naval service, whether at the time the
President assumed the function of granting a
pardon, it was competent for him, then, in that
pardon, to have remitted the fine, if you choose
to call it a fine, or to have remitted the pay of this
gentleman ?
Mr. BADGER. I was just about expressing
my view 011 that subject. 1 will state my opinion
on the point. I utter it with no confidence at all.
It is what now seems to me to be the tuie rule 011
the subject; but m that 1 may be mistaken; for !
have given it no careful application, and I have
practiced my profession too Ions; to have any great
confidence m opinions hastily conceived. But this
strikes me to be the state of the case: Until the
sentence is executed, it is always in the power of
him who has the authority to erant a pardon, to
annul it. It appears to me that if, at the time the
President of the United States remitted the residue
of the suspension, instead of doing that, he had
simply pardoned the whole offense, the effect of
that would have been to enable Commodore Jones
then to draw from the Treasury the pay which
had accrued, which icgulaily v.ouid have been
due to him, which was' appropriated for him,
which was lying in the Treasury for him, and
which he was only prevented from obtaining by
the obstacle interposed by the sentence of suspen-
sion. That is the notion 1 have of it; but* I do not
q^lvance it as an opinion which is beyond dispute.
A pardon, then, would not have reversed the
fact, that he had been two years out of seifice;
because, in the nature of things, that is impossible
toman; but every consequence then resulting from
the judgment, which was still capable of being
removed, it strikesme, would have been removed,
at that time, by a plenary pardon. Why should
it not be so ? This was an officer in the service.
Here was an appropriation for his pay. What
prevented him from getting it? This conviction;
this sentence approved by the President. When
the President, in the exercise of his high pardon-
ing powers, says: " I absolve and discharge this
officer from the offense of which he has been con-
victed," then immediately; as to everything that
is capable of being restored, the party stands as if
he had not been convicted. My impression is,he
would then have a right to go to the accounting
officers and demand his pay.
But, Mr. President, I may be very much mis-
taken in this view which I entertain, for I see that
my friend from Connecticut, for whose opinion 1
entertain a profound respect, does not agree with
me. But in this, I feel considerable confidence,
and therefore, I sa_y I would not have the friends
,of this measure trust to the intimation thrown out
by the Senator from New York, for after a sen-
tence is fully executed, I do notsee how the power
of pardoning can have an operation or effect
upon it.
Mr. TOUCEY. My honorable friend from
North Carolina misapprehended me entirely. I
think that the President has the power of remit-
ting the unexecuted part of the sentence, but that,
further than that, he lias 110 power. The Presi-
dent who approved the decision of the court-mar-
tial had thepowerof pardon if he chose to exercise
that power. The sentence takes no effect until it
is approved; but, when he approves of it and
allows it to stand, and it is in part executed,
neither his successor nor himself can remit the
executed part of,the sentence. It stands on the
same ground precisely as if a line were imposed,
and that fine had been paid into the Treasury.
The pardon of the offense could not authorize the
taking of that money out of the Treasury. Nor
if it were a corporal punishment, would it be pos-
sible for the pardon of the President with the
remission of the penalty, to relate back, and undo
what had been done.
Mr. BROWN. You could not unhang a man.
[Laughter.]
Mr. TOUCEY. You could not unhang him,
as my friend from Mississippi says; nor, if there
was any other punishment, could it be undone;
and when the pay is suspended, it stands sus-
pended by law, until the power is exercised of
1 emitting what remains of the sentence. That,
however, does not come into collision with the
action of the previous Executive, or of the exist-
ing Executive himself, if he acts in paidoning aa
well as in approving.
1 think, therefore, there is no power in this
Government that can give to Commodore Jones
pay during the period of his suspension, except
Congress, and Congress, in exerfcising that power,
does not come into collision either with the court-
martial or with the Executive. Ilence, as I said
before, as thefe is no question made on any side
that equity and justice require that this shall be
paid to this distinguished and valuable officer, I
shall, under the circumstances existing in the case,
cheerfully give my vote for the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, 'with great
deference to the honorable Senator from Connecti-
cut, 1 feel some doubts about the view which he
takes of the effect of the p'ardoning power. In
the case of a fine, to which he has likened a case
similar to the present, there can be no doubt that,
after the money has been paid into the Treasury,
no act of remission by the President could take it
out of the Treasury; but the fine might have been
imposed ten years before, and if it had not been
paid into the Treasury, the exercise of the power
by a subsequent President would remit the fine.
Now, sir, the question might well arise, whether
if, during the time wher^this suspension was to
take effect—during the three years—the President
ot the United States .chose to remit the sentence,
could the money be considered as paid into the
Treasury ? The sentence is a continuous whole;
and it is a very grave and doubtful question,
whether the effect of the remission would not ne-
cessarily entitle the party to his pay during the
whole period of time. I cannot see the analogy ~
between this case and the case of the payment of
a fine into the Treasury. There is no money paid
into the Treasury here. There was a suspension
for three years in consequence of the judgment of
the court-martial, approved by the proper officer.
That suspension is continuous. After it expires,
you may place it in the same class with a fine paid
into the Treasury; but, until it does expire, it is
a matter of grave doubt in my mind whether the
intervening action of the President would not
necessarily limit the effect of the whole sentence.
That, however, may be a matter for judicial de-
cision.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to ask my friend
from Delaware one question, and that is, ivhether
or not unexpended balances of appropriations do
not revert 'to the Treasury every two years;
whether, under that circumstance, the money does
not go into the Treasury without an act of Con-
gress ?
Mr BAYARD. There is a distinction between
the cases. I am not speaking of what appropria- -
tion we may make in an appropriation bill; but of
the question of the right of the party to his pay
under the law. That is the question. It is not
whether unexpended balances have been paid
back into the Treasury. There is no specific ap-
propriation made by law for the payment of this
particular officer; there is a general appropriation
for the payment of the officers of the Army and
Navy. That point, perhaps, would not, in my
judgment, affect the case in the view which I
take of the law. I suggest the question only as
a matter of grave doubt. I am, by no means,
satisfied on the subject; but the inclination of my
mind is that the eflect of the Executive remission
of pardon, unless it was limited to the latter por-
tion of the punishment, would entitle the party to
his pay during the whole time, if the remission or
pardon took place during the period originally
fixed for the suspension. If, in the mean time,
the money had gone into the Treasury,! admit it
would require an act of Congress to make a re-
appropriation; but I am speaking of the legal effect
upon the offense, and the punishment for that
offense, by an exercise of the Executive power to
pardon, during that period of time.
Mr. SEWARD. The Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Bayard] is clearly and certainly right, and
that would appear at once, if we had before us the
form of a pardon as it is always written. That
form will be found in Lilly's Entries, or any other
book of English precedents. A pardon is in this
form: "Whereas a judgment was rendered in a
certain court "—describing the judgment and sen-
tence—" now, therefore, the people, or the Presi-
dent of the United States "—or whatever the par-
doningpower may be—" do hereby remit, release,
and discharge the said A B ofand from the said judg-
ment, and from the sentence, and from all the con-
sequences which follow it." So tbat'the effect of
a pardon is, when pleaded, or produced anywhere,
to entirely supersede and annul the judgment, just
as if it had never existed. The disability to re-
ceive the compensation for the two yegrs only
existed by reason of the pronouncing of this judg-
ment. When the pardon took effect it remov ed
the disability, and the party was at liberty to go
to the Secretary of the Treasury and receive his
pay, just as if it had never been forfeited. It may
be true, that it is necessary to provide an appro-
priation to carry it into effect; but I am sure there
is no necessity for a special law.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, if the doctrine
which has just been stated by the honorable Sen-
ator from New York be true, I do not know how
many naval officers may not go to the Treasury
and claim their pay, for I understand there are a
great many instances in which, after a certain lapse
of time, a pardon has been extended to those who
have been suspended by the sentence of a court-
martial. If that pardon extended so far as to en-
able them now to go back, and claim pay for time
ten years ago, or twenty years ago, by virtue of
the pardon, it is certainly what the country has
never understood to be its operation.
Sir, the question which I put to my honorable
friend from North Carolina sometime ago has not
yet been answered. That question is, how far
