1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329
Mr. HOUSTON". I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. All debate is out of order.
Mr. FAULKNER. Did I not understand the
gentleman from Ohio as withdrawing his objec-
tion to the extent of permitting me to have the bill
reported and printed, and then recommitted to the
Committee on Military Affairs?
Mr. EDGERTON. If that action is going to
further or secure the passage of the bill, I object
to it.
Mr. FAULKNER. Will the gentleman permit
me, then, to have the bill merely printed ?
T Mr. HAMILTON. Just printed, and nothing
more.
Mr. EDGERTON. No, sir; I may as well
object. I am opposed to this thing in toto—from
beginning to end.
REFUNDING OF DUTIES.
Mr. FULLER obtained the floor.
Mr. FENTON. I rise to a privileged question.
Instructed by the Committee on Commerce, at
the last session, I had the honor to report House
bill No. 407, to refund to certain individuals duties
paid upon goods destroyed by the fires in New-
York and San Francisco. The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Millson] moved to reconsider the
direction given to the b'!i which was referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and placed
upon the Private Calendar. I now desire to call
up that motion to reconsider, and move to lay it
upon the table. I have merely to state to the House
that I make this motion with the full knowledge
of the gentleman -from Virginia, and that it will
not incur his opposition.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York cannot take the floor from the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Fuller,] for the purpose of
calling up the motion to reconsider.
Mr; FULLER. I will give way for a moment,
for the purpose of enabling the gentleman from
New Yoik to call up that motion to reconsider,
* and have it disposed of. I understand ihat it will
not take many minutes.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. Whatis the regu-
lar order of business ?
The SPEAKER. The further consideration
of the report of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, made yesterday.
Mr. JONES. Well, 1 think we had better pio-
ceed with thrit,andget through with it.
Mr. FULLER. Inasmuch as i had the floor,
I think I ought not be deprived of it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has a right to call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. FULLER. Then I ask the gentleman
from Tennessee to withdraw his call.
Mr. JONES. I am willing that the regular
order of business should be postponed until the
motion to reconsider shall be disposed of.
Mr. HUNT. I call for the regular order of
business.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of House bill No. 295,
fi to provide for the establishment of railroad and
telegraphic communication between the Atlantic
States and the Pacific ocean, and for other pur-
poses/' The pending motion is to recommit the
bill, and the gentleman from California [Mr. Mc-
Docgall] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. McDOUGALL took the floor.
Mr. BLISS. Will the gentleman from Califor-
nia allow me a few minutes of his time?
Mr. McDOUGALL. How long?
Mr. BLISS. I will limit myself to any time
you choose.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will yield to the gen-
tleman for a few moments.
Mr. BLISS. Mr. Speaker, as one member of the
special committee having in charge the subject of
the Pacific railroad, I have felt, a desire to improve
a few moments to express to the House the views ,
which I entertain upon this subject; more partic-
ularly the views which I entertain as to theappro- j
priate policy to be adopted to carry out what :
seems to he almost a common sentiment in this ;
House, and which is known to be a common sen- ■
timentin the country; that is to give success to ;
the design to construct a communication, by rail-!
way, with the Pacific ocean. I know that there !
is a class of politicians who pronounce this pro- |
ject, as they do every other which is brought for-
ward, unconstitutional. There always was a lim-
ited set of politicians, not involving the sense of
the country, who would dispute the right of a
poor devil afflicted with the itch to scratch him-
self. [Laughter.] But the people do not raise
this technical consideration, and it does not exist
in the sense of this body.
Mr. BOCOCK, (interrupting.) 1 do not under-
stand the circumstances under which this speech
is being made to the House. Has the gentlemaa
from California a right to yield the floor to that
gentleman to make a harangue here upon the
constitutionality of a Pacific railroad ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Califor-
nia yielded the floor for the purpose of explana-
tion.
Mr. BLISS. I am not going to speak on that
point. I am enjoying the indulgence of the gen-
tleman from California, to address the House for
a few moments upon this subject.
The SPEAKER. Which can be done only by
the unanimous consent of the House. If the rule
is insisted on by the gentleman from Virginia, or
by any other gentleman, the gentleman from Ohio
cannot proceed.
Mr. L3LIS8. I am not accustomed to trespass
upon the time of the House, and 1 ask leave now
to speak for a few moments upon one feature ef
policy connected with our action upon this bill.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
ITou.se that the gentleman from Ohio be permitted
to pioceed?
[Cries of "Yes!" " Yes !" and ct Go on !"]
Mr. BLISS. I was about to say, then, Mr.
Speaker, that this great unanimity of sentiment in
this House, m favor of a railroad to the Pacific
ocean, ought not to be sacrificed, but it ought to
be cultivated, because it is not only in consistency
with the best interests of the country, but with
the will of the country.
The danger of defeat which this bill has already
incurred, arises from the fact that there is a differ-
ence of opinion on the details of the measure to
be adopted. The great .danger is, that the thing
cannot have birth at all. And why? Some gen-
tlemen say that it is preposterous to legislate for
the construction of more than one railroad to the
Pacific, and others say that it is preposterous
to undertake to legislate for one road, and one
only. The people of the southern portion of the
Coufedeiacy have confidence enough in themselves
to believe that they could construct the road,
through their section of the country, if Congress
will give them the privelege of competing m that
matter. The people of the central portion of the
Union have confidence that they could do it, and
lust such confidence inspires the people, of the
North.
The proposition which was submitted to the
ITouye yesteiday, gives scope to all these senti-
ments, gives opportunity of competition to each
section, and tends to unite all in a common pur-
pose; and every vote which looks to the abstract
consideration of constructing a railroad, was given
yesterday in support of that proposition; the
sense of the House was overwhelmingly in favor
of it. But it also appeared very clearly that if an
effort were made here to rely upon the claims or
pretensions of any given section of the country,
then this bill must be defeated. This thing was
apprehended before by me. It was apprehended
by a majority of the committee, and it now stands
out so clearly in its exhibition, that it seems to
me no gentleman can mistake it. Some proposi-
tion, therefore, similar in character to that which
was introduced and considered here yesterday,
will be adopted, or else we shall have no Pacific
railroad; at least we shall have none constructed
by the aid of theGovernment. Such a thing must
work itself out. and our children, or rather the
children of gentlemen who stand in theposition of
paternity, [a laugh,] may live to see it accom-
plished. „
But, sir, what is the great objection to Congress
making an appropriation for the construction of
three roads? I admit* that the passage of this bill
does not give a certainty that the three lines will
be constructed. I do not care whether it will be
so or not. We cannot legislate against mature;
we do not want to legislate against nature. If the
lynx-eye of capital cannot perceive an advantage
in constructing a railroad at the North, the en-
terprise will not be engaged in. If the natural
of the central line of railroad are not
sufficient to justify its construction, that line will
not be put under contract; and so of the other line.
Why, then, let people experiment for themselves
upon all these routes; and if they do succeed in>
building them all, I ask, in the name of reason,
what is the objection? What objection can there
be to the construction of a northern railroad, if it
can be accomplished? What objection, under
like circumstances, can there be to the central or
to the southern ? No gentleman can reasonably
object to it.
Neither is there any objection arising out of the
extent of the appropriation made. Why,of what
serious consideration—as a matter of economy-
is the appropriation 5 for the construction of a rail-
road, of twelve miles m width of the lands of the
Government through that region of mountain and
desert? Supposing that the appropriation were-
double what it is, it would faft far short of what
we ought to do in favor of that most stupendous
project that was ever yet conceived. 1 do not sup-
pose—neither does any gentleman here—that an
appropriation of lands will be sufficient to build
this road; but it will act as a stimulus to its coi>
struction, and will carry with it the right of way*
and lay the foundation for private enterprise and
private capital, which must be relied upon, after
all, for the performance of this great work. With-
out legislation of the kind proposed, nothing will
be done for years Nothing will be done by any
partial legislation, by any legislation looking to 
the favoritism of a particular route, to the disre-
gard or disfranchisement of other routes. If such
legislation be insisted on, then the measure will be
defeated m the House. We must, in that cose*
trust to a higher degree of patriotic magnanimity
in some succeeding Congress, than there is in this,
or else we must give up all hopes of a Pacific rail-
road.
Now, I ask, when will a Congress be assembled
which will combine more rational- elements, mors
patriotic devotion to the interests of the country,
or more of that comity of feeling which enables
gentlemen to compromise sectional or individual
sentiments, than this does? Will it be next ses-
sion? Will there be such a comity of feeling in
the next, House of Representatives? So far as
the Democratic majority in the House is con-
cerned, 1 think we do not hope for such a result.
[Laughter.]
I trust, that, in view of these considerations^
those gentlemen who are really friendly to the
success of the Pacific railroad, will abandon aft
idea of securing exclusive advantage to anyone
section; and that whatever they may believe of
the capacity or fitness of other routes to be made-
available in the method contemplated,, they will
have generosity enough to unite upon a general
proposition, and produced in such a manner a 
may reconcile all. Give capital its unrestricted
field to work in; give enterprise its chance; give?
the citizens throughout the different sections of the
country, who are interested alike in this great sub-
ject, an opportunity to employ their funds, to
employ their genius, to employ their industry and
perseverance in such a way as tothem may appear
best calculated to promote their interests. If we
come to that point, then I think a bill can be
passed which will have the effect of starting the
enterprise, and putting the wheels in motion. But
until we come to that, the bill remains under such
a mountain of opposition that no power of its
friends ran avail in its behalf.
Mr. McDOUGALL resumed the f?oor.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man from California will allow me to say a word.
The gentleman yielded half his time to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bliss,] but I will not ask
him to yield me the other half. [Laughter.] All
that I have to say to the House at this lime is, that
I wish gentlemen to read the history of the Soush
Sea scheme. Let them look at that, and u hen
they do so, they will see what sort of a scheme
this Pacific railroad is.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I understand that there
are some gentlemen in the State of Virginia, and
elsewhere, who consider theGreatWesta bubble,
and the Pacific coast a mere idea. I do not think
that gentlemen entertaining these views of the
Great West and the Pacific coast, ought to control
legislative action in this House.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will the gentleman from
California permit me to ask the gentleman from
