330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] whether the South Sea
scheme was printed by order of the House?
Mr. McDOUGALL. "It is evident, from the
proceedings of yesterday, that there is a large
majority in- this body in favor of giving aid and
assistance for the construction of a ra-iiroad to the
Pacific. This, I think, was clearly and distinctly
demonstrated by the vote of this House, as placed
upon record. The friends of tins measure, as a
general proposition, favored an adjournment yes-
terday, so as to see if they could, by any means,
secure unanimity of action. The result of such
deliberation as could be had v/as this, that all the
friends of the enterprise generally, apart from any
specific plan, should unite in pursuing such a
course here to-day as will demonstrate whether or
not there is a majority in this body in favor of any
one plan in aid of this enterprise. They propose,
if defeated upon one project, to try another. If
the bill that has been matured by the committees
of the Senate and the House, and which I have
offered here as a substitute, does not meet with the
approbation of the majority of the House, perhaps
the proposition of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Dat is j may meet wuh the concurrence of the
majority of the House, if his proposition does
not meet with general concurrence, then there may
be another proposition submitted. We have been
discussing this question, of building a road to the
Pacific, for a year past; and much time has been
spent both in the Senate and the House in the
discussion of the subject. It is time now that we
should proceed to some definite action, and ascer-
tain not merely whether the plan now piesented,
just as it ts, meets with approbation, but whether
a bill can be passed at tdl. I believe the bill now
under consideration to be the best, the strongest,
and the fairest bill,
I hope that all the friends of this railroad enter-
prise, who are in favor of giving the md and
encouragement of this Government to the work,
will stand by the substitute offered by the com-
mittees of both Houses. As I took occasion to
state, a few days since, when I first introduced
the subject upon this floor. I am not the cham-
pion or advocate of any particular plan, but 1
desire that we should proceed to take the initia-
tive, and lay the foundations of the woik in some
form. I understand that the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Davis] wishes to offer, in the
House, the amendment that lie offered in com-
mittee yesterday. A majority of the committee
sustained the amendment of the gentleman, before
they passed a vote recommending the [louse to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill. It may
be due to the gentleman from Indiana, that his
proposition should be voted upon first. 1 hope,
if that Jails, when the question comes upon the
passage of the bill, that all the friends of the
Pacific nu'.'road will unite, and give us an oppor-
tune y to test the strength of the measure. The
gentleman from Indiana may be able to carry the
amendment, without having the strength to carry
the bill, and why? Because those gentlemen
from Virginia, and from other portions of the
country, who are opposed to the entire project,
will vote to amend the bill in that shape, if they
think that thereby they will be able to impair its
strength. I am willing, so far as I am concerncd,
to have a vote taken upon the proposition of the
gentleman from Indiana, and I hope that the
friends of railroad communication to the Pacific,
will stand together, man to man, every one of
them, until it shall appear whether any practical
result can be made to follow from the labors of
the committees of the Senate and the House.
Mr. COJBB. I would ask the gentleman from
California to state what was the object m changing
the location of the southern toad—the first reported
by the committee of thirteen—to a terminus now
upon the western borders of Texas, thereby de-
priving the southern load of the facilities that
might be offered, in granting lands for about eight
hundred miles from the Mississippi river, to the
western borders of said road ?
Mr. WARREN. I desire to ask the gentleman !
from Alabama whether he would give his consent, :
in the event the amendment offered by myself!
should prevail, to inserting, after the word " Mis- i
souri," the word if Arkansas?" I understand the !
gentleman from California as not objecting to that
amendment.
Mr. COBB. Thegentlemsn proposed his amend-
ment in connection with tluee routes. I would ,
not, as I said before, vote for any bill which pro-
vided for the building of three roads. The south-
ern route terminates upon the western borders of
Texas. Then we must rely, evidently, upon
Texas to build the road, in order to enable us to
connect it with the Pacific ocean. According to
the proposition now submitted, I wish my south-
ern friends to understand that we cannot get to the
Pacific ocean unless we go through Texas.
M.r. McDOUGALL,. The southern route was
^nade to terminate at the western limits of Texas
almost expressly to accommodate the gentleman
from Alabama, who was a member of the select
committee, and was the champion of the Texas
road. I understood that a road from the western
limits of Texas would exactly suit the views of
the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the gentleman
from California to yield me the floor for the pur-
pose of introducing my amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will do so.
Mr. DAVIS. I move, Mr, Speaker, to strike
out from the substitute offered by the gentleman
from California all from line tenth to the word
" railroad," m line twenty-third, inclusive, as \
follows:
" One road and telegraph, to commence on the western
bor<l<-r of the State of Te\nn, ami to puif-ue the mo^t eligi-
ble route to (lie navigable waters oi the Pacific in the State
of California; which I me shall be known as the Southern
Pacific railro.nl.
" One road and telegraph, to commence on the western
bonier of the State of Missouri or Iowa, and to pursue the
most eligible route to the Bay of San Fiaiu isco; which
line f-hall bo known tiic Central Pacific raihoad.
<• And one road and teh graph, to commence on the west-
ern boidtr of the Stale or \ViseonMii, in the Ten itory of
Minnesota, and puisne the mo>i eligible route to the navi-
gable water-* of ihe Pa-itu  m < hegon or Wa*hmgion Ter-
ritories ; winch line thud be known as the Noithem i'aeific
railroad."
And to insert the following:
One grand trunk central railroad and telegraphic line
ftorn come point on the west* in boundary oi the Suite of
Missouri or low a, between III' and *13° of north latitude,
on the neare-f and most eligible route to the city ot San
Fiauei^co on the IMcife- ocean ; and al*o two bianeh rail-
road* and telemaplue lines, one dmrging from the said
cential toad at some eligible point ea^l ol the Hoc ky mount-
ains, between the hWd and lO.Vh parallel ol west longi-
tude, and lunumg Ihtongh tiic T> ruiorie> of the United
Stale*, in the direction of Memplm in the Si.do of Tenncs
s-ee; and one diverging from the Mud central load at the
point l.iht amre.saiii, and running through tbo Tenmmes 11
the United State* toibe mo.-i thgiblo point on the western
tdiore ol Lake Snpcnoi.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remind
the gentleman from Indiana that theie is a pending
motion to commit the bill, which will preclude
any amendment until it is disposed of. The mo-
tion was made by the gentleman from California
yesteiday.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I withdraw that, motion.
Mr. DAVIS. If the amendment which I ha\e
oflered shall prevail—as 1 hope and trust, and be-
lieve, it will—I shall then move to amend this sub-
stitute of the gentleman from California, m other
lespects, so as to make it consistent with itself.
I shall occupy but a few moments in the discus-
sion of this question. It is unnecessary for me to
do so, and were it necessary, the condition of my
health to-day would prevent it. This question j
has been agitate# in this Mouse, and the other
House in Congress, for the last twelve months. I
took occasion, during the last session, to give my
views upon it, and at that time advocated the cen-
tral route. Since that time 1 have investigated !
this question still further, and such investigation ;
has further confirmed me in the views I then en-1
tertained; thatthe central route wasthe bestioute, '
the most national route, and the one most likely ]
to be constructed, if we construct either of the ,
routes proposed. I
Now, sir, the question has come down to this: !
whether we shall pass a bill authorizing the con- j
struction of three roads across the entire conti- j,
nent, or whether we will construct one road across |;
the continent. This is the question to bedeterm-1|
itied, and I hope and trust that the vote which may : j
be taken upon the amendment proposed by me, M
may be regarded by every member of this House i|
as a test vote upon the question. There is no use !j
of bandying words upon this question. We will '!
have to meet the question as it is, and now is the
time to do it, that we may get rid of it as soon as
we can.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana, (interrupting.) I
shall trespass upon the time of the House, with
ag expression of the views and opinions I may
entertain upon this subject, but for a few momenta
only.
I think, sir, that the object which all the friends
of a railroad to the Pacific have, is, to pass such
a bill as will enable us to build a road from the
Atlantic to the Pacific coast. I say such ought to
be the object of the friends of this enterprise. If
that be the object which we all have in view, I
submit to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Da-
vis,] that his amendment will necessarily defeat
that object; because the amendment is sectional in
its character. I look, Mr. Speaker, upon any
road which may be built, the effect of which would
| be to unite the Atlantic and Pacific, as a national
road. I would as soon vote for a road running in
one latitude as another, if the result would be to
unite the two oceans. But, sir, when the country
from which I come is excluded, when it is abso-
lutely excluded by the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Indiana, the duty which I owe
to my constituents, and my self-respect, compel
me to vote against it.
Now, what can be the objection t$ throwing
the whole western frontier open to competition?
We are not building this road. The Congress
of the United States is not building this road; but,
it is affording, it is true, some assistance to any
company which chooses to build the road. I
ask the gentleman from Indiana, and any other
gentleman of this House, what objection can there
be to leaving to the company which may build
the road the ^election of departure from the east-
ern border? Is that not fair? Isit not just? The
bill which was introduced as a substitute affords
this opportunity. The only border State, from
lake Superior on the one side, to the Gulf of Mex-
ico on the other, excluded, as tine eastern terminus,
is the State of Arkansas; and I am satisfied that
the gentlemen representing that State do not object
to the substitute offered by my colleague [Mr.
Dunbar] on that score. Why, then, shall gen-
tlemen from the northern States attempt our total
exclusion from the benefits of this great enterprise ?.
I have no objection to gentlemen from the North
fixing their potnf of departure^ wherever they
please. J am perfectly willing they should fix it
in their own way; but I ask that they will not
exclude the South altogether, and say we shall
have no road whatever.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Louisiana whe.her he believes
that the United States can build the three routes
contemplated in this bill? Does he believe it prac-
j ticable ? Does he believe the construction of the
i three routes to be within the capacity of the Gov-
1 ernment of the United States?
Mr. JONES. The gentleman asks whether I
believe that the United States is competent to build
the thiee loads which are proposed by this bill.
I answer, if the United States were competent to
build five hundred roads, it would never get my
support to build the firstfoot of road. But I do
not understand that the Government of the United
States is to build any road, or any part of any
load, though the Government tenders to any com-
pany vvhich chooses to build the road, certain
assistance. The work, however, to be done tinder
this bill, can, in no sense, be regarded as a Gov-
ernment, but as purely a private work. Leave it
to the builders of the road to locate it, and then
you will have it where it ought to be—where nature
intended it should be. Fix the line of the road in
an arbitrary manner, as is proposed by the gentle-
man frofti Indiana, [M.\ Davis,] and you defeat
the whole enterprise.
Mr. OLIVER. I would ask the gentleman
whether he does not regard the construction of a
railroad from the Atlantic to the Pacific ocean as
a great national work? And further, if it be a
national work, whether it becomes members of
the House to discuss the question in reference to
particular localities, or sections ?
Mr. JOIN ES. I will answer the gentleman with
a great deal of pleasure. I consider any road
constructed from the Atlantic to the Pacific sea-
board , whether by private enterprise, orbymeans
of corporations, as a great national work. If the
gentleman means to ask me whether it is a road
to be built by the Government, I will tell him in
reply,thatl consider it no such road. He further
asks, whether in the consideration of such a great
work as this is. ought localities, or sections at all
to be mentioned ? I say no; and i have been con-
tending that we shall leave the starting point of
