1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
the road, as the bill offered by my colleague does,
open to the determination of the capitalists of the
country.
Mr. OLIVER. Let me interrupt the gentle-
man at this point. He concedes that the projected
road ought be regarded as a great national enter-
prise, and that the question ought net. be discussed
on local and sectional grounds. But he does
not admit that the road Qught to be construcled
by the Government. I submit then, if 'it is to be
a national enterprise, whether it should not be
so located as to dispense its blessings equally to
every section of the Union? If so, I would ask
the gentleman, why it should not be located, as
near as may be, to the center of the Union, to the>
center of the States and Territories, and to the
center of business and population? Can it be
called a national road, if located in the northern
of southern part of the Republic ?
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot yield further.
Mr. JONES. I must ask the gentleman to
permit me to submit a few more remarks. The
fentleman from Missouri, as the gentleman from
ndiana will perceive, has consumed most of my
time. My object in rising was, Mr. Speaker,
merely to protest against this being made a local
measure. I have objected, and do now object to
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
-Indiana, and for the reason that it is local in its
character, and altogether precludes the portion of
the Union which I more particularly represent
from any participation in the benefits of this
great enterprise.
With regard to the question of this being a
national measure, I have to say, Mr. Speaker, if
capitalists choose to build three roads, let them do
it. I have no objection to aid in the building of the
three roads by grants of the public land; but, so
long as I have the honor to occupy a seat upon this
floor, I shall never, though ever so deeply inter-
ested in the success of the enterprise, vote for it
as a great national, a great Government work. I
believe the Government has no power to build
such a work, nor is it pretended that any such
thing is contemplated by the bill under considera-
tion.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman from Louisiana
says that my amendment is sectional in its char-
acter—thatit looks like sectionalism.. You know,
Mr. Speaker,as well as this House, that 1 am not,
-and never have been, a sectional man. From the
commencement of my service here up to the pres-
ent moment, at no time, could anybody success-
fully charge me with sectionalism as a member of
Congress.
Mr. JONES. I hope thegentleman will let me 1
explain. I most cordially indorse every word I
which the gentleman has said_irf regard to his not ]
being a sectional man. There is no gentleman j
upon this floor, from the North or South, freer
from thj charge of sectionalism than the gentle-
man from Indiana. 1 intended no such charge
against thegentleman; I am sure that I madenone.
I simply stated what I believed would be the effect
of his proposition. In my opinion, it does exclude
the South.
' Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, I shall now pro-
ceed to state my reasons for opposing the con-
struction of three roads. Before I do so, how-
ever, let me turn for a moment to my friend from
California, [Mr. McDougall.] In his printed
remarks, he uses the following language:
111 hope that the friends of the bin—of a substantial bill;
of a bil) which can have a chance of passing this body, and
of passing the Senate—will stand up 1'or the proposition
wlneh I have submitted, to strike out the enacting clause;
and I t-liall, then, on going into the House, move that the
enacting clause be reinserted, and offer a substitute."
He says,again, in reference to my amendment;
"The gentleman who introduced that proposition cer-
tainly was no engineer. lie should have known that no
railroad was ever constructed, taking the sections of the
laigo riveis, running along the affluence of the Mississippi,
north and south."
No, Mr. Speaker, I am no engineer; nor is my
friend from California an engineer. If he is, I think
that he has got a little musty since his entrance
into this body. He complains of this being an
expensive road—at least, the inference from his
remarks is, that these branches will cost a great
deal of money because they run in a certain direc-
tion; but, at the same time, he tells us that it will
be all right and correct to construct three roads
across the Rocky mountains, and lead to a com-
paratively small expenditure of money. That is
the fair inference from his remarks. Now, the
distance from Memphis to the point of intersection,
near- the 103do of west longitude, is about eight,
hundred miles. The distance from same point to
Lake Superior i 5 also, about eight hundred miles
—sixteen hundred miles in all—a shorter distance
than that of either of the three proposed routes,
because they run across the continent. What is
the character of the country over which these
branches run ? It is the-best land of God's green
earth for railroad purposes. It is smooth and
level. The roads across the Rocky mountains
have, on the contrary, to go across high hills, wide
and deep ravines. There is no similarity between
the roads, so far as expense is concerned. By my
plan heavy expense is saved, and the construction
of one central railroad across the continent to the
Pacific ocean is, at the present, time, made some-
what feasible.
So much for that argument. But, sir, the gen-
tleman from California says we must have a
substantial plan. A substantial plan! I would
like to know why the plan I have proposed as an
amendment to this bill, is not, at least, as substan-
tial as that recommended by the gentleman from
California? .Will it not cost less money? Will
it not accommodate a greater amount of trade and
travel, and a greater amount of the commerce and
wealth of the entire country? And when this
Government expends its money and donates its
land for the purpose of constructing a railroad,
ought it not to take into consideration the num-
ber of persons, the amount of trade and travel,
and the amount of commerce and wealth that are
to be accommodated by that road ? That is the
point.
But, sir, the gentleman from California asks,
what objection there is to the adoptioivof this plan
for the construction of three roads? Sir, I say it,
and I say it with no disrespect to the honorable
gentleman, that, in my opinion, you cannot con-
struct three roads; first, because they are unneces-
sary. There is no need for them. There is no
necessity for them. The trade and travel, the
commerce and business of the country, can be all
accommodated with one road. Yes, sir, one road
will do more business than we shall ever require
to be done; and that being the case, why should
wegetinto a controversy about the matter? Why
should we undertake to do more than we can do ?
Again, the gentleman from California says,
why not open the three roads to the capital and
enterprise of the country? I will answer the gen-
tleman. If you open the project for three roads
you must invite the private capital of the country
to construct them; for I will admit, in all frank-
ness, that it is to the private capital of the coun-
try that we shall have to look, at last, to construct
either of the roads. It is to the private enterprise
of the country that we must look, for the meager
donation of land which this bill contemplates will
go-but a little ways towards the construction of
the road. But when you open three distinct routes;
when the Secretary proceeds to advertise for three
roads to be constructed across the continent, you
will find the capitalists of the country very cautious
how they invest their money in any of them, be-
cause it will occur, as a matter of course, that, if
one is constructed, there will be no occasion for
the others; and the result will be, that nothing
will be accomplished, because capitalists cannot be
induced to invest their means in any of the roads.
These are some of the reasons why 1 am op-
posed to authorizing the construction of more
than one road. Now, I ask the House to look
at my proposition. What is it? Why, sir, I
have provided fot one grand central railway, to
be constructed across the middle of the continent.
Sir, I wish I had a map here; 1 wish every man
in this House, interested in this great work,
would cast his eye upon a map of the country,
and see what is proposed to be done, and who is
to be accommodated by it. I say, the road I have
proposed, is to run across the middle of the coun-
try, where the God of nature himself intended
it to run. The South have no right to complain,
because we extend an arm to the South, which is
to invite the trade and travel, the commerce and
business of that'portion of the country. And
again, the North have no right to complain, for
we extend also, an arm to the North, and invite
capital, trade, and business to come in from that
quarter of the country. And the business of the
central portion of the country is also provided
for. That is the condition of the matter. And
1 repeat, what I have already said, that, with all
due respect to the gentleman from California, I tell
the House, that three roads across the continent
cannot be constructed, if you pass a bill for that
purpose.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If my colleague will yield
to me a moment, I wish to suggest to the peculiar
friends of this measure another reason why they
had better adopt the amendment suggested by my
colleague, who now holds the fl >or, which, 1
think, may have an important bearing .upon the
vote given by the House upon this question.
There are. a good many gentlemen in the House
who would not vote for a road at all exccpt for
the great necessities of the country, which de-
mand it. Some of us will go for one road because-
the country imperiously requires a road between
the Atlantic States and the Pacific ocean. 1 say
this consideration may justify some of us in voting
for one road when we might not be justified in
voting for three. 1 canriot, in the discharge of my
duty.as a member of this House, and i believe
there are a good m-iny anon this fl 'or who will
not, vote to commit this Government to the con-
struction of three roads to ihe Pacific ocean. The
Government does not require three roads to
carry the mails of the United States. It does not
require three roads to carry soldiers across the
country. It does not require three roads to trans-
port the munitions of war which it may wish to
transport across the country; and, sir, I cannot
vote to commit the country to their construction.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. Will the gentle-
man from Indiana allow me to say a word ?
Mr. DAVIS. How much time have I left?
The SPEAKER. About half an hour.
Mr. DAVIS. I will yield to the gemleman.
Mr. JONES. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] this question:
the gentleman says he is willing to vote for one
road; is he willing to vote for one road, and leave
it to the company which is to build it to select the
eastern terminus of that road ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 would soon-er vote for
that proposition than for one embracing three
roads, like that urged by the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia; but I would much prefer the proposition
of my colleague, [Mr. Davis,] which is to con-
struct one road, and, to a certain extent, fix the
terminus of that road; and for ibis reason: the
Congress of the United States, in passing this law,
proposes Jo build the road for Government pur-
poses, and should have a voice in determining the
location of the road. It is the duty of the Gov-
ernment to see that it is located in such a way as
will best serve the interests of the United States.
And, again, the Government is to bea large stock-
holder m the road. By giving its )and„and by
pledging its funds to the amount of §300 per mile
per annum, for all time the Government becomes
a very large stockholder, and ought to be heard in
fixing the terminus of the road.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I would not ask the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr Davss] to yield me
the floor, but for the fact that certain gentlemen in
this House have specified certain contingencies
under wfhich they would notgive their votes for this
bill. Now, that his heahh has drawn him from the
arena, his colleague behind him has also served no-
tice that he cannot vote for the railroad bill under
certain circumstances. Now, 1 desire the expo-
nent of the Pacific railrosd measure—the able and
accomplished chairman of the select committee—to
indicate whether he intends that the substitute of
the gentleman from Indiana shall override his
proposition? Shall the friends of that substitute
serve notice in advance, thatunless that substitute
prevails, their opposition must be counted upon?
If so, I then call upon the friends of the original
measure  o stand by it. That measure is not
sectional. It,contemplates three roads, but there
is nothing compulsory in it. It donates "so much
of the public lands, and gives to capital the right
of designating which of the three routes they will
pursue. Capital is keen and clear-sighted, and
will select the best route for itself. It only asks
this donation of lands.
Mr. McMULLIN, (interrupting ) I thought
the gentleman from New York rose to aisk a ques-
tion.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I rose because I under-
stood that the gentleman from Indiana was kind
enough to give me the floor.
