336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19.
introduced and.adopted, that whenever proposals
are made, within the terms bf the act, there is no
discretion left with the members of the Cabinet,
who are to decide upon thebids. They are bound,
imperatively bound, when proposals are offered,
which comply with the. conditions of the law, to
accept them, or the oife most favorable where
more than one bid is made for the same route, and
to enter into a contract, or contracts, in pursuance
of the bid which is accepted, and some one must
be, if coming within the requirements of the act;
go that, if parties, either associations of capitalists,
or corporations, come forward and submit propo-
sals to build the roads, or either of them, and the
proposals are such as the law requires, there is no
discretion upon the part of the Secretaries, and
they must accept them, and enter into a contract
for the road, or so many of them as are thus bid
for.
* But these associations, or corporations'—for
either individuals or corporations may make prop-
ositions—are not to be, and cannot be, merely
men of straw. They cannot be, by the provis-
ions of the bill itself. They must be men of
capital. They are required, before they enter
upon the execution of the work, or hove the con-
tract confirmed by the Government, to deposit
half a million of dollars with the Secretary of the
Treasury, as security for the perfoimance of the
work. That amount must remain with the Sec-
retary as a guarantee, until the work is done,
or to be drawn only as it is performed. And,
moreover, the land which the Government pro-
poses to grant in aid of the execution of the
contract, is not to be conveyed, or patented to
the contractors, until the completion of the par-
ticular woik for which any specific portion of the
lands is to be convoyed.
Under this bill, then, there is no chance for
gamblers, mere stock speculators, and men of
straw. It is as good a bill, as well guarded and
protected as any bill of the kind that has ever been
drawn; and 1 think it would be difficult to make
it, at tile same time, more effective and more safe.
When, then, gentlemen get up here and undertake
to oppose the bill, for reasons such as those ui^ed
by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Ben-ion,]
and others, I am compelled to believe that they do
riot desire the passage of any feasible railroad bill
at the present tune. Whena bill is so well guarded,
and provided with restrictions and limitations so
wise and practical, for securing; the faithful fulfill-
ment of the contract or conducts with the Gov-
ernment of the United States as this is, and gen-
tlemen make such objections to it as have been
urged here, 1 cannot think that they are extrava-
gantly srt favor of constructing; any road to the
Pacific at the earliest piacttcal moment.
The gentleman from Missouri objects that this
bill does not contemplate, or rather secure, the
budding of a railroad to the Pacific,, lint that con-
tracts are authorized to lie made under it, which
may terminate, if I understood htm, at the head
of navigation on any stream flowing into that
ocean. Does that gentleman, or any gentleman,
believe that any corporation, or association of in-
dividuals, would btutd any such road, and that
their interest would allow them to stop at any such
point as he-lias indicated'' They would be com-
pelled, by lite necessity of the case, to carry it to
the pomtupon the Panficocean the most available
and practically advantageous to the trade and com-
merce of the country; and, on examining the bill,
it will be perceived that, m reference to the north-
ern and central routes, the language clearly ex-
cludes the gentleman's construction, while in
regard to the southern, no other fair or just con-
struction can be given.
But, Mr. Speaker, how is this? It has been
objected here that we are providing for a grant of
seventy-iwo miles in width of iand to the three
roads. That is a mistake. The bill provides for
but thirty-six miles; in aii, for the three different
roads. They may all be, built, or not. One may
be built, or two, or all.. Do we not know that it
has been the desire, of this country, for the last ten
or fifteen years, to see a road constructed across
the continent, connecting the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans? ?s there a measure, of purely national
concern, m which the constituents of all of us are
so deeply and thoroughly interested, as this of
connecting the two sides of the continent by a rail-
road? They are interested in it, and £ think they
generally believe we have constitutional power to
accomplish the work, and that it is the high, and
special, and emphatic duty of Congress to take
early and practical measures to see that it is done
at the earliest reasonable period, and to initiate
now the measures by which it may be commenced
as soon as the condition of the times shall permit,
and prosecuted to its completion.
Now, the question is, how can it be done ? Can
it be done by the passage of a bill providing for
the construction of a single line, terminating at
specified points here and there? Who believes it?
l)o not we all know that the attempt to secure a
railroad has been delayed for half a dozen years—
a dozen years—because men could not agree upon
a single line? They never have been able to agree
upon a line, and never will be. When gentlemen
tell us here that we can agree upon a certain line,
I tell them that their course is calculated to defeat
any road, because it is palpable, it is most trans-
parent, that we, two hundred and thirty-four
members, never will agree upon a single line.
Never.
Then, sir, if we must take it for granted that
we never can agree upon any one line, we must
provide for more, or give up all hopes of having
a railroad. And this is the question for us to
decide to-day; Will we provide for more than
orieroad, or decide that there shall be no road?
Do,sir,as you may, profess as you may,say what
you will, the interpretation the country will put
upon any action of Congress which look's to the
recommitment of the bill at this late day, or to an
agreement upon a specific route, will be that it is
unfavorable to this great work of the age.
And, sir, what is the objection, what the real
and substantial objection, to providing for the con-
struction of three roads, if capital can be found to
build them upon the terms specified in the bill
before us' This bill provides for the grant of
twelve miles, on either side, in alternate sections,
to each road. Under it the roads will be con-
structed, or they will not be. If they are not
constructed, not an acre of the public lands will
be disposed of, and not a dollar will go out of the
Treasury. If they are constructed, you grant to
| those who may build them one half the lands
within twelve miles on either side, and then double
the price of the remainder. You bring the land
into market, and thereby facilitate the opening up
and settlement of the country. Let the southern
road be built, if capital willgothere. The country
will not be injured m any respect. Let the central
road be built, if it can be. Shall we suffer any-
thing thereby ? Not at all. Let the northern road
be built, if capital can be attracted thither, as I
believe it can be, and will be first of all. If all can
be built, we shall have three lines of communica-
tion between the East and the West, and in con-
Mtructmg them we shall have actually lost nothing.
We shall have suffered nothing; hut have received
more than we have given. We shall have pro-
vided for communications from the one side of
the continent to the other, by which at all times
military and naval supplies and stores, freight and
commodities of those kinds for which rapid trans-
portation is everything—the mails may be carried
from one ocean to the other, involving the pay-
ment of less money than the Government now
pays for poorer and less valuable services. All
these, to say nothing of the vast accommodations
afforded to passengers and general commerce; and
if but one line results fiom this action, we have,
substantially, the s,- me results. So that it seems
to me, m any pom. of view in which we may
consider it, nothing will be lost to the country by
the passage of this bill; and as I am sure this is
the only bill which can be passed, I hope and
trust that every fiiend in the House of this road,
or of any road, now or hereafter, will unite in sus-
taining this bill, because all here must see, and
the people will see, that this is the only bill that
can possibly be passed in this House, and a vote
against this is, substantially, a vote against any
and all bills.
Then, if this is the only one that can succeed,
shall we not pass it ? Men of common sense, men
of judgment and practical wisdom, throughout the
country, will perceive that this is the only bill
which can become a law; and now let us take it
and adopt it, though you or I may believe that it
is not the best possible bill. Let us act here as
practical men, in favor of a Pacific road. 1 may
be in favor of one scheme, but I may not be able
to get it; and if I cannot accomplish my object in
my own way, I will do the best I can, and take
that plan which comes nearest to my views, if it ia
not liable to insuperable constitutional or other
objections; and I repeat, that, in my judgment,
this bill is not exposed to such objections. I
believe that it is as well matured, guarded, and
restrained'against abuse, as any bill well can be.
The principles of the measure having been dis-
cussed in the country, and in Congress, for years,
and having been specially considered here during
the last and the present session of Congress, by
all sides and sections, it seems to me that we can
as well come to a decision now as at any other
time; and further, that any attempt to recommit
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, or a special committee, or in
any way to send it out of the House in its present
stage of progress, is, in effect, however intended,
an attempt to strangle and defeat it. Such motions
can hardly be expected,by those who make them,
to forward any bill; for nobody can imagine that a
bill now committed to the special committee, or the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
without being made the special order, could, by
any possibility, be acted on at this session.
Therefore, seeing the bill in its present con-
dition, how far we have forwarded it, the amount
of the discussion which it has received, and the
certain effect of the adoption of motions to com-
mit, I now demand the previous question, and
hope the friends of the bill will stand by me.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman will with-
draw his call for the previous question, I will
renew it. *
Mr. McDOUGALL. As chairman of the select
committee on this subject, t think that I ought to
have the privilege, as a matter of courtesy, to
respond to the remarks just made.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I trust the gentleman will
withdraw his demand for the previous question.
[Cries of "No! hold on to it!"]
Mr. WASHBURN. I withdraw the previous
question for the gentleman, provided he will renew
it ill five minutes' time
Mr. CAMPBELL. The g&itleman from Maine
has occupied much time, and he has now limited
me to five minutes; but I am satisfied with it; I
thank him for it.
I think, Mr. Speaker, that thediscussion of this
matter, upon this floor, has gone about far
enough. The gentleman from Maine seems to
think that all that is necessary to enable a legis-
lator to understand this great subject is to hear
speeches in this Hall. A few days ago we had the
reports of t'xploring expeditions placed upon our
desks, at a vast expense .to the people of the
country. We had maps and the profiles of the
various routes drawn and printed for our use; and
I now venture to say that there aFe not ten men
upon this floor who understand the facts and
figures therein set forth, who have applied them-
selves to getting a knowledge of the topography
of the country. Yet the gentleman asks' us to act
finally, and upon the speeches made here, most of
which have been made for Buncombe, and noth-
ing more. I am in favor of such a delay as will
enable the Representatives of the people to act with
their eyes open. Gentlemen may call that skulk-
ing the question, and may intimate that our con-
stituents will have something to say because of
our unwillingness to dash hastily into this great
measure. I shall take care that my constituents
are fully advised of the reasons which actuate me.
I indicated, yesterday, my intention to move to
recommit the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; but understanding, this
morning, the Speaker would decide (and I have no
doubt, when I look into the matter, decide prop-
erly) that, if the bill goes back to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, it will
again become the special order, and shut out the
other important business of the session—hence
it is that I am for recommitting to a select com- '
mittee; and I wish to advise those who feel as I do
upon the subject, that the only way to dispose of
the matter, and prevent its clogging up the busi-
ness of the House for the balance of the session,
is to carry the motion submitted by my colleague
[Mr. Taylor] to recommit to the special commit-
tee. My time having run out, I now renew the
call for the previous question, and say that 1 shall
not withdraw it for anybody.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not think that is
just towards me.
