338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
tion to refer the whole subject to a select committee
of thirteen.
Mr. CAMPBELL called for tellers.
" Tellers were ordered; and Messrs.. Wheeler
and Hamilton were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes DO, noes 75.
Mr. McDOUGALL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I move the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. WHEELER. On that motion I ask for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Goode and
Goodrich were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 83, noes 74.
So the motion was agreed to; and
Thereupon the House, at thirty-five minutes
past three o'clock, p. m., adjourned till to-morrow
at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 20, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE DARK FOUNDLING.
Mr.WALLEY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table a
bill granting a new register to the bark Foundling,
which eame-from the Senate yesterday.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, as follows:
An act to authorize the isnue of a register for
the bark Foundling, of Boston.
Mr. WALLEY. I ask that the bill be put
upon its passage.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and having been read a third time, was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting, in further compliance with the reso-
lution of the House of Representatives of 27th
July last, a report from the Secretary of State, on
the subject of the case of Walter M. Gibson.
On motion by Mr,>fJAVEN, the message and
report were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
Mr. GIDDINGS, of Nebraska, by unanimous
consent, intioduced bills, of which previous notice
had been given; which were read a first and second
time by their titles, as follows, and referred as
indicated below:
A bill to establish land offices in Nebraska Ter-
ritory. Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
A bill to authorize the surveying, marking, and
opening of roads in Nebraska Territory. Referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. RICHARDSON. In reference to the lat-
ter bill, I would state to the House that the Com-
mittee on Territories have this subject under
.consideration; and, during the session, 1 believe
all bills, for like purposes, have been referred to
that committee. I move that this bill be referred
to the Committee on Territories.
It was so ordered.
Mr. OLIVER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given; which was read a first and second time by
its title, as follows, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands:
A bill to amend an act, approved 4th August,
1854, entitled " An act to graduate and reduce the
price of the public lands to actual settlers and cul-
tivators, and to legalize certain entries made under
said act."
Mr. FULLER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report a bill for the purpose of
having it, and the accompanying correspondence,
referred. It is a bill in pursuance of the recom-
mendation of the President of the United States,
to carry out the reciprocity treaty between the
United States and Great Britain.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, as follows, and referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed:
" A bill to amend an act to carry into effect the
treaty between the United States and Great Brit-
ain, signed the 6th of June, 1854, arid approved-
the 5th of August, 1854."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. , For the first time
since I have been a member of this House, I ask
permission to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice has been given. It is as follows:
A bill to amend an act entitled " An act to re-
duce and graduate the price of the public lands to
actual settlers and cultivators," approved August
4, 1854.
It is a bill demanded by the interests of a great
many persons, in all the States where the gradua-
tion bill operates, and it is simple in its character,
having but a solitary provision in it. It is merely
to permit those persons who are desirous of enter-
ing lands under that act to make the affidavits
required by law, before officers authorized to ad-
minister oaths, under such rules as the Secretary
of the Interior may prescribe.
Mr. HAMILTON. Read the bill, for infor-
mation.
The bill was then read through by the Clerk.
Mr. TWEED. I object.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the regular order
of business—the consideration of the bill which
has been under discussion for several days.
PACIFIC RAILROAD AND TELEGRAPH BILL.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order,
is the consideration of House bill No. 295, "to
provide for the establishment of railroad and tele-
graphic communication between the Atlantic States
and the Pacific, and for other purposes." The
pending motion is the question to refer the subject
to a select committee of thirteen, upon which prop-
osition the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. W ARREN. I desire to know if a motion
to reconsider the vote by which the previous ques-
tion was ordered would be in order? *
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that such
a motion would be in order, but the question is not
debatable.
Mr. WARREN. I desire to submit the motion,
provided I am permitted to give the reasons which
induce me to submit the motion.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to discuss
the subject at all.
Mr. WARREN. Will the Chair state to what
extent the previous question will operate?
The SPEAKER. The previous question hav-
ing been ordered to be put, brings the House to
vote, first upon the motion to commit the bill to
a select committee of thirteen. If that motion
fails, it will bring the House to vote upon the pend-
ing amendment, and then upon the bill itself.
Mr. WARREN. 1 would then ask the gentle-
man who moved the previous question to with-
draw it until I can submit the amendment.
The SPEAKER. It is not in the powerof the
mover of the previous question to withdraw it. It
is now an order of the House; and the gentleman
cannot reach his object without reconsidering the
pievious question.
Mr. WARREN. I desire very much to sub-
mit an nmendment that divests this whole subject
of anything of a sectional character. I have such
an amendment prepared; and 1 would ask the
consent of the House to have it submitted.
Several Members objected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
whole subject uoon the table.
Mr. McDOUGALL demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
Mr. WALLEY. Before the vote is taken, I
wish to make an inquiry of the Chair. I under-
stood that the affirmative and negative of the ques-
tion had both been propounded—the question to be
taken by tellers; but, before the vote was declared,
a motion was made, arid entertained by the Chair,
to have the question taken by yeas and nays. Is
it competent, then, in this stage of the question,
to have a new question submitted ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay upon the
table is in order by the express rules of the House.
Mr. WALLEY. After the affirmative and
negative sides of the question are put?
The SPEAKER. Most certainly.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Jones's
motion; and there were—yeas 49, nays 125; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrnmbie, Aiken, Ashe, Belcher,
Bridges, Carpenter, Caskie, Chastain, Churchwell, Cobb,
Colquitt, Craige, Cur us, Edmundson, Fuller, Goode, Grow,
Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Hastings, Hibbard, Houston, In-
gersoil, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt, Kerr,
Kittredge, Kurtz, Letcher, McMnllin, McQueen, May,
Millson, Moirison, Murray, Orr, Bishop Perkins, Puryear,
Rogers, Ruffin, Shaw, Shower, William Smuh, Trout,
Vansant, Walsh, Wheeler, and Witte—49.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, David J.
Bailey, Ball, Barksdale, Bell, Bennett, Benson, Benton,
Bliss, Breckinridge, Bristow, Campbell, Carutht rs, Chand-
ler, Chase, Chrisman, Clark, Clmgman, Corwm, Cox,
Crocker, Catting, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dawson,
Dickinson, Disney, Dunbar, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton,
John M. Elliott, Ellison, Etheridge, Everhart, Farley, Faulk-
ner, Flagler, Florence, Giddings, Goodwin, Green, Green-
wood, Grey, Wiley P. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hendricks,
Henn, Hill, Hillyer, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson, Roland Jones,
Knox, Lamb, Latham, Lilly, Lindiey, Lindsley, McCul-
loch, Macdonald, McDougall, Maey, Matleson, Maurice,
Maxwell, Middleswarth, Morgan, Nichols, Noble, Norton,
Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Peck, Pennington, John Perkins,
Phillips, Pratt, Preston, Pnngle, Ready, Reese, Kichardson,
Riddle, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritchey, Robbins, Rowe,
Russell, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Shannon. Simmons, Single-
ton, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, George W.-
Smyth, Sollers,Frederick P. Stanton,Richard H.Stanton,
Hestor L. Stevens, Straub, John J. Taylor, John L. Tay-
lor, Nathaniel g.Taylor,Thurston,Tweed, Upbam, Wade,
Walker, Walley, Warren, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Wells, John Weniwortb, Tappan Wemworth,
Westbrook, Daniel B. Wright, iXendriek B. Wright, Yates,
and Zollicoffer—125.
So the House refused to lay the bill and amend-
ments upon the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, said: I would
have voted in the affirmative upon this question,
had I not paired off with my colleague, Mr.
Walbridge of New York.
The question then recurred upon referring the
bill and amendments to a select committee of
thirteen.
Mr. WARREN. I wish to know whether it
would be in order for the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Davis] to accept a modification of his amend-
ment ?
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by the
unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. WARREN. I ask, then, the unanimous
consent of the House to offer a proposition of the
character 1 have suggested.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 71, nays 117.
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Belcher,Bennett,Benton,Bridges,
Campbell, Carpenter, Chandler, Chase, Colquitt, Corwm,
Craige, Crocker, Curtis. Thomas Davis, Dick, Dickinson,
DiMicy, Dunham, Everhart, Faulkner, Fenton, Flagler,
Goode, Goodwin, Grow, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Harri-
son, Hastings, Haven, Hill. Hillyer, Houston, Hunt, Dan-
iel T. Jones, George IV. Joues, J. Glancy Jones, Kittredge,
Kurtz, Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch, McQueen, Maurice,
Middleswartb, M l)«on, Morgtn, Morrison, Muriay, Peck,
Pennington, Bi«hop Perkins, Pringle, Puryear, Ruffin,
Russell, Sage, Sapp, Shaw, Simmons, William Smith,
William R. Small, Stratton, John J. Taylor, JohnL. Tay-
lor, Trout, Vansant, Wade, Tappan Wemworth, and
Wheeler—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Aberorombie, Aiken, James C.Allen,
Willis Allen, Appleton, A*he, David J. Bailey, B.irkstlale,
B.irrv, Bell, Benson, 13 (?•$<!, Boeoek, Boyce, Breckinridge,
Bmtow, Bugg, Caruthers, Caskie, Chamberlain, Chas-
tain,Chrisman, Churcliwell, Clark, Ulingrnan, Cobb, Cook,
Cox, Cutting, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dunbar, Eastman,
Eddy, Edg-'Vlori, Edmundson, John M Elliott, Ellison,
Etheridge, Farley, Florence, Fuller. Gamble,Green,Green-
wood, Grev, Wiley P. Harris, Hendricks, Henn, Hughes,
Johnson, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Knox. Lamb, Lane,
Latham, Lindiey, Lindsley, Macdonald, McDougalt.Mc-
MnHni, Maey, Matleson, Maxwell, May, Smith Miller,
Nichols, Noble, Norton, Mordecai Ohvei, Orr, Parker,
John Perkins, Phelps, Phillip-., Pratt, Preston, Ready,
Reese, Richardson, Riddle, David Ritchie, Thomas
Ritchey, Robbms, Rogers,-Rowe, Seward, Shannon, Show-
er, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, George W. Smyth, SoK
ler-5, Frederick P Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Hestor L.
Stevens, Straub, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Tweed,
Upbam, Walker, Walley, W.iUh, Warren, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Isiael Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth, West-
brook, Witte, Darnel B. Wright, Hendrick B. Wright,
Yates, and Zollicoli'er—117.
So the House refused to refer the bill to a select
committee of thirteen.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, said: I would
have voted in the affirmative upon this question,
had I not paired off with my colleague, Mr.
Walbridge, of New York.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Davis.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I wish to inquire if
the previous question will be exhausted when
the vote upon my amendment is taken ?
The SPEAKER.. In reply to the gentleman
from Indiana, the Chair begs leave to state, that
the previous question first applied to the motion
to commit the bill to a select committee. It will
