1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843
stituenis—and I think I do—if I know the spirit
and genius, and temper of the people of that
vaitey, they have never importuned Congress for
anything that waa not right. They have never
been suppliants here for anything they were not
entitled to. They have borne their just propor-
tion of the burdens of the Government whenever
fcaxes were to be levied, they bore their portion of
them without one murmur, without one com-
plaint, When levies were made upon their
purses or persona, whether in treasure or blood,
they met the demand as promptly as any portion
of this Confederacy. Therefore, sir, I think they
are entitled to an equal participation in its benefits.
They have not had that equal participation, and
hi view of that injustice we came to the Congress
of the United States, and in 1852, upon a full pre-
sentation of the case, by an almost unanimous
vote oi the Senate, and by an equally decisive
vote in the House of Representatives, a law was
passed directing the Postmaster General to estab-
lish the service. 1 have the law before me, and
as it is short, I beg to read it:
" And beit further tnacted, That it shall be the duty of the
PostmasfurGeneral to issue propo.-als and contracts for the
transportation of a daily mail between Louisville and Cairo,
St. Louis and Cairo, Cairo and Memphis, Memphis arid
New Oi leans, and to supply such intermediate points as
he may order from time to time, on suitable and safe
fiteamboais."
Here is a plain act of Congress, passed in 1852,
directing the Postmaster General to establish this
mailservice. Whatfollowed? The then Postmaster
General issued his proposals to carry the mail ;and,
not content with a simple execution of the law,
giving us the daily mail service, he issued proposals
for a double daily mail service. Bids were received.
The bid of Glover & Mather, for $450,000, was ac-
cepted for this service. It was more than we asked
for; u was more than the law required. He went
far beyond our requirements, or the demands of
the law. It was a few days before he retii;pd from
office. The bid was accepted. Yourself, sir, 1
believe, and some other Senators, seeing that he
had gone beyond what was necessary, or what
could probably be executed, called upon the in-
coming Postmaster General, Mr. Campbell, who
is now in office, and asked him to suspend the
acceptance for a few days, in order that it might
be investigated. Mr. Campbell did suspend the
acceptance for a few days, until he satisfied him-
self that you were right, and that the contract was
wrong.
He then proposed to Glover & Mather to make
a new contract. They made a new contract; and
I have it here now. In it they propose to carry
a daily mail from Louisville to New Oileans for
the sum of $200,000 per annum. That contract
was made. The boats were prepared. They
were at the landing. The day was appointed for
the reception of the mails. The demand was
made; but the agent of the post office refused to
deliver the mails; and upon wlmt pretext? Upon
the flimsey, miserable pretext that there was some
freight upon the boat. There is not a word in the
contract about freight being carried—not a word;
but upon that pretext the mail was refused to be
delivered, and the refusal was continued, although
they demanded it day after day. and day after
day, until, at last, the agent of the Department him-
self released them from the obligation of continuing
the demand. Thus, under that pretext, we were
denied the henefits of a plain act of Congress,
■which had received the sanction of the Senate, of
the House of Representatives, and of the Presi-
dent. It had all the forms of law, all the sanctions
of lav/, all the responsibilities of law; and yet, sir,
one of the officers of this Government had the
boldness, the temerity to set at defiance the plain
written letter of the law, upon a pretext—-a con-
temptible, miserable humbug of a pretext.
Thus, after we had been driven from the De-
partment to appeal to the magnanimity and justice
of Congress for redress of the wrongs upon our
constituents, and Congress had passed the law,
we were still refused the mail, because the Post-
master General took upon himself to set it aside;
and what followed? In 1854 we came here again.
No mails are given to us. We have none of the
facilities which are accorded to other portions of
the Union. We appeal again to Congress in 1854.
Congress pass another act of the same character,
almost in the same words as the former, directing
again, in the most emphatic, positive, and unmis-
takable terms, the Postmaster General to establish
that mail service. It was not enough that we
passed one act of Congress, and sent it to the
Executive officers of the Government—not enough
that he shall scorn and despise, and treat with
contempt that act; but we pass another; and what
is the fate of that? Let us see.
That last act, passed in 1854, required the Post-
master General to establish the mail service. He
has not done it. We call upon him to answer
why he has not done it. He has sent us his
answer. I propose to examine that answer. In the
first place, he says that he has declined to make
a contract, because the bids were too high. The
Postmaster General must presume very largely
1 think, upon our ignorance on this subject. 1 do
not mean to use any offensive term towards him;
it is not my habit; but I must be permitted to say
that, when he states to the Congress of theUnited
States, as one reason why he has not established
this mail line, that the bids were too high; and that
he therefore felt himself constrained to deny them.
Let us see. Glover & Mather proposed to carry
the mail daily from Louisville to New Orleans,
for $200,000 per annum, and to forfeit for every loss
they met, double the amount they were entitled
to receive. From Louisville to New Orleans is a
distance of one thousand five hundred miles. The
mail was to be carried daily. That would make
five hundred and forty-seven thousand five hun-
dred miles, during the year, from Louisville to
New Orleans; and five hundred and forty-seven
thousand five hundred miles back, would make
one million ninety-five thousand miles, which
Glover & Mather would have traveled during the
year. They proposed to travel those one million
ninety-five thousand miles per annum for $200,000.
How much is that a mile? It amounts to eighteen
cents and five mills per mile. Let us see what
is paid for other similar service. Take..the ocean
mail steamers from New York to Liverpool. The
distance is three thousand miles. They are to
make twenty-six voyages, or fifty-two trips per
year—three thousand miles out and three thousand
in, making during the year one hundred and fifty-
six thousand miles which those steamers have to
travel to carry the mail. What do they receive ?
They receive $858,000; or $5 50 for each mile they
carry the mail. Gloverife Mather were to receive
eighteen cents and five mills a mile; and the Post-
master General tells us he could not make the
contract because it was too extravagant! And yet
we are paying the ocean line $5 50 a mile—just
thirty times as much!
Again, for the transportation of the mail from
Washington City to New Yoilc, I undertake to
say it is more than one hundred per cent., and I
believe it costs more than three hundred percent,
above what Glover & Mather offered to carry it
for from Louisville to New Orleans. I will go
further, without pretending to know more than
other gentlemen ought to know, and I undertake
to say that there is not a contract with the Post
Office Department for any similar service which
is within one hundred per cent, of the bid that
. was made by Glover & Mather; and yet the Post-
master General says, " I decline to rnuke it, be-
cause you ask too much for it."
The Postmaster General makes another objec-
tion. He says, and I hope the Senators repre-
senting the Mississippi valley will notice these
points:
" The bonis now conveying mails between New Orleans
and St. IiOuissupply Natchez, Vicksburg, N'ipo!enn, .Mem-
phis, lliekiiian, and Cairo, daily, at twenty dollar.-* por
nip."
The boats running from St. Louis are to supply
these points daily! Now, will any Senator pre-
tend to say, in his place here, that a boat goes
down daily from St. Louis that can supply those
points with a daily mail service? 1 undertake to
say, upotwpy responsibility, and I am willing to
risk this with the Post Office, if, upon that route,
we were to depend upon boats from St. Louis to
those points, we should not average, the year
round, one mail during the week; whereas the
Postmaster General tells us, in his written com-
munication, we get a daily mail by the boats from
St. Louis. But that is not half as bad as some
other statements. He goes on to say:
"That the whole post dining the year etidine 30th June
last, for daily mails between New Orleans and Louisville,
and New Orleans and St. Louis, including the officf3s
named in the late act of Congress, and serni-weelily to
the numerous other offices on the Ohio and Mississippi
rivera, and special daily service a part of the year between
Vicksburs and New Orleans, twice a week between Mem-
Etus and New Orleans, and six times a week between St.
-ouis and Keokuk, amounted to but $11-3,485 per annum,
wlnlo the lowest bid under the late advertisement was
$185,000 per annum for the limited service therein specified
between Cairo and I\ew Orleans."
Mr. President, I would not speak disrespect-
fully of the humblest officer in this Government,
if. I know myself; but when the Postmaster Gen-
eral made that statement, he did it certainly under
the grossest ignorance that ever blinded the im-
agination of man—he certainly could not have,
understood what he was writing, of else there is
some other greater error than that. He tells the
Congress of the United States, that he is getting
a daily mail service from Louisville to New Or-
leans, and from St. Louis to New Orleans, for
the small sum of $112,485 a year. • Now, sir, the
facts are not so. We get no daily mail service at
all, and for weeks we have not had a solitary mail
for Louisville, or St. Louis; yet, the head of one
of the Departments of the Government, tells us
we are getting a daily mailservice for $112,458on
the Mississippi river.
I can give my own experience on that point.
During the summer months, it has very often
occurred that for twenty, twenty-five, twenty-
eight, and as high as twenty-nine days,, we'have
not received a mail by the river. ,1 have been
twenty-nine days three or four times, in getting
papers from the city of Washington; and yet we
are told we get a daily mail service ! It is an insult
to the intelligence of the people of the valley of the
Mississippi, and a tax upon their patriotism, to ask
them to endure such abuses. You know, sir, that
the rivers are now in a good boating condition. We
are getting, according to the Postmaster General,
a daily mail service the year round. This is the
most favorable season of the year, as every one
knows. Well, sir, I have here the envelope of a let-
ter which was received from Memphis on the even-
ing of the 20th, post-marked January 4th ! Ithas
been seventeen days coming here from Memphis,
with a regular daily mail service, according to the
Postmaster General, from New Orleans to Louis-
ville and St. Louis! But more than that: on the
4th, a bond was executed in the city of Memphis
—a contract with the Postmas'ter General in Wash-
ington city. That bond was mailed on the 4th.
I called last week every day, except one, at the
post office, to get it, in order that my constituent
might receive the pay due to him. Up to this
morning I was wholly unsuccessful. I was grati-
fied to find this morning that it had arrived—being
eighteen days out from Memphis, upon this daily
mail service of the Postmaster General. If there
is no injustice in all this, I should like to know-
where injustice is to be found?
But the Postmaster General goes on to say
that he is getting this service at $20 a trip. Now,
every man who has ever been on the Mississippi
river knows exactly how much that is to be
trusted. What does the Postmaster General mean
when he tells us that he is getting this service per-
formed at $20 a trip ? He says in the very identi-
cal paragraph that it is a daily service. Now,
you know, Mr. President, and every man who
has ever been on the Mississippi river knows
just exactly what they mean by this daily mail
service at $20 a trip. A freight boat starts from
St. Louis to New Orleans. ThePostmasterGen-
eral has his agent upon the shore. He says to
the captain, " how much will you take this mail
for?" " I will take it just as any other freight,
and I will deliver it at Memphis, and Vicks-
burg, and the other points as you say. 1 will
take it just as freight." But does that captain
bind himself to deliver the mail at any specified
time? Not at all. He never can do it; he never
dreamed that he would do it; and you cannot
show a contract in the world by which it was
ever done. They take it as freight, and they de-
liver it when they get to the point. If they get
there in two days they deliver it, or if in two
months they deliver it. I have been as long as
five days getting from Nashville to the mouth of
the river, only two hundred miles, on one of those
boats. That is the daily mail service which the
Postmaster General offers to the valley of the
Mississippi. That is the daily service he gets for
$20 a trip; and that is the service he tenders to
us in iieu of two specific declarations of the Con-
gress of the United States.
Mr. President, we talk about our free country
and our glorious institutions; but suppose a prime
