M4
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
January 22,
minister in one of the despotisms of the Old
World should take upon himself to set aside the
plain declaration of the law! Why, sir, the
Crown itself would not dare to do such a thing.
And yet, here, one of the adjuncts of the Execu-
tive bepirtment of this Government takes upon
himself, not only to set aside one act of Congress,
But.wKen you come to reforrh and'reindorse it by
legislative power, he again takes it upon himself
to set that aside, and'then tells us he thought he
was doing better by making some other arrange-
ment., It if) enough for him, I think, to execute
the law. If there is anything wrong in makihg
rtf'we are responsible. . The.law required him to
execute these contracts. He has refused to do it.
He hag treated us with silence, with indifference,
with contumacy; and with contempt. I, for one
ara not willing to bear it any longer. I mean to
remonstrate, in the name of my constituents,
against this outrage. We are held responsible
and accountable at home. Yet, sir, an executive
officer of the Government interposes between the.
law-making power of the Government, and the
execution of that law, and sets it at defiance!
What remedy should be adopted, I will not say,
I will not trust myBelf to Bay. If I were left to
the suggestions of my own mind, my own convic-
tions of what is due to the legislative department
of the Government, I might go further than pru-
dence would suggest. Therefore, [ make no sug-
gestion. ' Having full confidence in the Committee
on the Piist Office and Post Roads, I am willing
to leave it there. But I do ask the Senate of the
United States to -vindicatetheir own position, their
own self-respect, by having this law executed or
repealed. Either see that it be executed, or repeal
it. If a law made here in all the forms, with all
the sanctions, and by all the power of a legislative
proceeding, may be set aside by one of the subor-
dinates of tlie Government, your boast about the.
institutions, and the legislative power of this Gov-
ernment is a mere pretext and a miserable humbug
to the deluded and honest m'an. These are the
feelings which I have. I shall willingly vote for
the reference of the communication.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I am not suffi-
ciently familiar with the fact to offer a satisfac-
tory answer to the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee. I have, however, some knowledge of the
general facts in reference to the mail service on the
Mississippi and Ohio rivers. The question is
before the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads on a complaint made by Glover & Mather,
that their contract was set aside by the Postmas-
ter General, and it is undergoing a course of in-
vestigation. We have flot yet decided on it;
whenever we do so, the Senate, of course, will be
entitled to the benefit of the facta elicited by our
examination.
Some years ago the proposition was made to
require the Postmaster General to contract for the
transportation of a daily mail on the Ohio and
Mississippi rivers. Efforts of that description
had been made before, and had resulted in a fail-
ure to carry daily mails, not, perhaps, the whole
length, but some distance along each of these riv-
ers. Efforts had been made by former Postmas-
ters General to carry a daily mail, but they had
resulted in failure, and, also, in applications, as it
was natural, by the parties taking the contracts,
for damages for losses which they had sustained.
For a part of the year the Ohio river is not navi-
gable. I warned the Senate of these difficulties at
the time when they passed the law requiring ab-
solutely a daily mail. 1 am not prepared to say
that the people of the valley of the Ohio and Mis-
sissippi iiave not been neglected as to their mail
service; but, at the same time, I feel fully author-
ized in saying that it is impossible for anybody
fully to execute, in steamboats, a contract to keep
up a dally mail between Louisville and New
Orleans, because the stages of water in the sum-
mer time will not permit it.
Well, sir, I understand there are other diffi-
culties. Sometimes these rivers are filled with
freight and passengers boats—for they carry both
freight and passengers. The owners of a set of
boats become contractors for carrying the mail.
When that is the case, I understand, (I do not
know positively how this maybe,) the other lines
combine to drive them off, and in this way, I have
heard that one or two lines were driven off. 1
know I have frequently seen rival lines at some
of the paints on those rivers. Whenever one line
gets a contract for carrying a daily mail, the other
boats (because it takes away, of course, part of
their profits) reduce the prices of freight and
passage, so as to draw off business from the con-
tract line. This is one obstacle.
On the whole, it is a very difficult matter, and
should be thoroughly investigated. I have not
fully examined it, but 1 shall do so. I pointed
out these things at the time when the two declara-
tory acts of Congress were p'assed. I1 told the
Senate then, that, for a portion of tlie year, in
consequence of low water, it would be utterly
impossible that a daily mail could be constantly
carried. However, I shall investigate this matter.
I hope it will go to the Committee on the Post
Office'and Post Roads. I will investigate the
facts connected with it. I will also investigate it
on the memorial which has gone before the com-
mittee. If the committee find that the Post-
master General has been derelict in duty, we
shall feel no such partiality towards him as not to
state'the fact. If, on the contrary, we find that
he lias done the best he could, we shall equally
state that fact, without entering into any contro-
versy about it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to say a
word in reference to a remark made by the Sena-
tor from Texas, in order that he may have all the
facts in making this investigation. He states that,
for a portion of the year, the difficulty of navi-
gating-the Ohio river is very great. That is true.
We all know that, and understand it. But that
has nothing to do with this contract. That was
a matter for the contractor to undertake himself;
and for every failure, he was to forfeit double the
amount he would otherwise receive for the trip,
according to the terms of the contract. But even
supposing the Postmaster General had got the
service at $112,000, as he alleges—which is a great
mistake—then take the position assumed by the
Senator from Texas, that failures, during low
water in the summer season, would occur, and
make deductions for those failures from the con-
tract of Glover & Mather, to carry a daily mail
for $200,000, and you will have reduced it down
to but little more than $112,000, for which the
Postmaster General says, triumphantly, he has
got the service, although everybody who ever
lived on that river knows that we do not get such
service. That is a point I make: that it was a
part of their contract, when they failed to carry
the mail according to its terms, to forfeit double
the amount of pay which th'ey were to receive
from the Government for that trip; so that we had
full indemnity on the part of the Government.
Mr. RUSK. The result of the knowledge of
the fact that they are bound to make failures is,
they will make high bids, and the Government
has to take the risk of those failures; so that it is
a very difficult matter.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I have in
my hand the Congressional Globe of August last,
containing the debate on this very proposition for
carrying a daily mail on the Mississippi river. It
arose on a section offered, as an amendment to the
Post Office appropriation bill, by my friend from
Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] in these words:
" JlnA bat further enacted, That tlie Postmaster General
be authorized and required to establish a mail on the Mis-
sissippi river, from Cairo to New Orleans, and contract for
the tame in one line, or in such divisions and sections, or
both, us will be most compatible with the public interest;
and to facilitate the execution of tins section, the Postmas-
ter General may make immediate temporary arrangements
for cairymg said mail by separate boats; and if he fail to
obtain separate boat?, after advertising loi thirty day?, he
may make private contracts for carrying said mail. Said
mail shall not be carried more than seven, nor less than
three, times a week, each way ; but if [he Postmaster Gen-
eral is of opinion that a daily mail is needed overone part
of the route, and tri-weekly mails over another part, he
may contract accordingly."
A debate sprung up upon that pro$&$t'ion, and
numerous Senators expressed their disinclination
to vote for this additional section to the bill, on
the ground that there was already an act of Con-
gress in force making it directly the duty of the
Postmaster General to establish this service, and
that it was beneath the dignity of Congress to re-
enact laws, when they were treated with contempt
and neglect by the Executive Department of the
Government. You, Mr. President, were one of
the Senators who expressed that view. Other
Senators upon the floor did the same. Upon that
occasion, I, however, made a remark, which I
will read; and I will also read the sentiments of
one or two Senators, as expressed when I made
that remark. I said in the debate:
t( I now move, as an amendment, the section whfch waa
offered by the Senator from Mississippi, and rejected."
It is necessary to state, in this connection, that
the Senator from Mississippi offered his section
in Committee of the Whole. It was rejected.
When the bill was reported to' the Senate, I
moved its insertion a second tim«i, and upon that
second motion1, the friends of this daily mail on the
Mississippi river, succeeded in having the section
inserted into the law.'' I said this:
" It may be a matter perfectly agreeable (o gentlemen on
this floor to give a vote of censure against the Postmaster
General, and t do not know that I should be disposed at all
to object to fheir gratification of that desire if it were not
at the expense of my constituency, and, as 1 believe, of the
interests of the whole valley of the Mississippi. Now, sir,
unless some amendment of ibis kind is put in tins bill, itia
perfectly certain we shall remain subject to the same incon-
veniences in the valley of the Mississippi to which we are
now subject, and have been for the last five or six years.
Gentlemen object to the passage of this amendment on the
ground that' the law, as it was passed two years ago, pro-
vided a daily mail for us of the valley of the Mississippi;
and to our remonstrances that we do not get that mail, that
we are deprived of the facilities which all other portions
of the Union enjoy, the answer is, that it is the faul t of the
Postmaster General; that the Postmaster General .does not
execute the law; and that the law is well enough as it is,
and that the evident intention is to pass a vote of censuie
on him. Now, sir, if they wiil offer a distinct and independ-
ent vote of censure on the Postmaster General, I may vute
for it, so that I can get my mail; but to take the postal ser-
vice of the whole valley of the Mississippi and sacrifice it
to the mere gratification of a desire to reprimand the Post-
master Gener.al for his neglect of his duties, is what I think
the Senate, on reflection, will not be willing to do."
Upon that, sir, some remarks were made, and
you yourseljf [Mr. Bright] declared:
uI "do not know, Mr. President, how the Senate may
construe the vote which has been taken. Whether ihey
concur in the opinion expressed by the Senator from Lou-
isiana, or not, is a matter of very little consequence so far
as the merits of the question are concerned. The Senate
having voted by yeas and nays on this question understand-
mgly, t feci quite sure they will not reverse that vote with-
out some other and better reason than any yet offered. Now,
sir, I repeat" 
Here is your statement, at the last session, in
the debate upon that section:
I repeat that the law which has been read authorizes
the Postmaster General, without another word of legisla-
tion, to enter into a contract to cany the matl to and from
any points between Louisville and New Orleans. And
permit me to say, that I am quite as anxious to see thia
much needed, service in operation as any Senator present,
and will aid m such legislation as may be necessary to
effect the object j but I cannot consent to redeclare a law
so plain in all its provisions as the one which has been
disregarded and not executed in this instance."
That was your opinion, sir; and you voted
against the amendment upon the ground that the
Postmaster General was derelict in his duty in not
executing the law, according to the plain intent
of the statute, as passed in the year 1852. But
my friend from California [Mr. Weller] said
that he could not concur in this view. He joined
me in aiding in the passage of this section, and
his reason is thus stated:
" I do not undertake to censure the Postmaster General.
It is a matter of no sort of consequence to ine whether be
has acted properly or not in the past. I desire to put the
law m such a shape that he will not dare, as an Executive
officer, to refuse to cany it out."
Mr. President, he has dared, and he has re-
ported to the Senate that he has dared to do so.
Mr. BROWN. Before the vote is taken, I
desire to say a word. I have waited to see if any
one had more to say in explanation of the course
of the Postmaster General than has already been
said by the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk.]
We have heard the Postmaster General in his own
vindication, and we have heard the Senator from
Texas, and, if no one else desires to speak,! will
proceed very briefly to assign the reasons why I
am not satisfied. **
This is a matter of great concern to a part of
my constituents—of so much concern, indeed,
that I cannot permit it to pass by without stating
to the Senate, and to the country, how my con-
stituents have been treated. For years, as their
representative in this and the other House of Con-
gress, I have labored to have this mail on the
Mississippi established. But I have, under this
and preceding Administrations, labored in vain.
In the year 1852, Congress passed this law:
"It shall be the duty of the Postmaster General to k«ue
proposals and contract for the transportation of adaiiv mail
between Louisville and Cairo, St. Louis and Cairo, Cairo
and Memphis, and Memphis and New Orlpaus, and to t up-
piy such intermediate pomt& aa he may order, from tuno to
j time, on suitable and sale steamboats.'*'
