1855.
TflffiB' CONGRESSIONAL-" GLOBE]'
345:
It will be seen that this act made it the duty of ]
the Postmaster General to issue proposals, and
contract for carrying the mail. How that duty-
was performed, the Senator from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] has already explained. A good deal of
maneuvering occurred; and, after the lapse of two
years, the law was not complied with. Congress
took the matter in hand again; and, as soft words
seemed to have had no effect, they determined to
try what virtue there was in stories. On the 5th
of August, 1854, it was enacted:
"That the Postmaster General be authorized and di-
rected to establish a mail on the Mississippi river from
Cairo to Npw Orleans, and from Keokuk, Iowa, to Galena,
in Illinois', and that he contract for the same in one hne,
or in huch divisions or sections, or both, as may he most
compatible with the public service; and to facilitate the
execution of this section", the Postmaster General may
make immediate temporary airangcuients for carrying said
matt by the trip; and if he fails to obtain acceptable.bids,
after advertising for thirty days, he may make private con-,
tracts tor carrying said mail, and the said mail sh&jl be
carried daily from Cairo to New Orleans ; but the Post-
master General is authorized, at his discretion, to restrict
the delivery of the mail at all other points than Cairo,.
Memphis, Napoleon, Vicksburg, Natchez, Baton Rouge,
and New Orleans, to three mans a week each way: Pro-
vided, Nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to
impair the rights of parties heretofore contracting lor said
beryice."
It will be seen that the act is mandatory. It
directs the Postmaster General to establish a mail
on the river. Smarting under the apparent contu-
macy of an executive agent, Congress used strong
language. They directed the mail to be established*.
Six months have passed away, and the direction
has not been complied with. The Postmaster Gen^
eral haB been called on for his reasons, and he has
assigned them. The question now arises, are these
reasons sufficient to justify an executive officer in
failing to fulfill the directions of the law? In my
judgment they are not.
The law is ample in its provisions. It first di-
rects the Postmaster General to establish the mail,
and then it gives him unlimited power. He is
authorized to contract for the service in one line,
or in such divisions or sections as may best ac-
complish the end directed. He was empowered
to make private arrangements for temporary ser-
vice; then to issue proposals for bids for perma-
nent service; and, if this failed, to malte private
contracts. And, finally, no limit was fixed as to
the cost of the service. So determined was Con-
gress to have themail—so importantdid they prop-
erly conceive it to be, that they directed the Post-
master General to establish it, and they clothed
him with plenary powers for that purpose. How
he has discharged his duty under the law is seen
by his own report. Has there been any effort in
good faith to execute the law ?
It is admitted that the directions of Congress
have not been complied with. The mail has not
been established. The Postmaster General says
he issued proposals, and that the bids were all
extravagant; and he, therefore, rejected them. I
need not repeat what the Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] has so well said in regard to the ex-
travagance of those bids. In my judgment, they
were not so extravagant as to justify their rejec-
tion under a law commanding the service. But
suppose they were, were the powers of the Post-
master General exhausted when he rejected bids
because they were extravagant? Certainly not.
I had an eye to this very state of things when I
drafted this section of the law; for, as the Senate
knows, I introduced it. I anticipated a quibble
to avoid its execution; and for that, very reason
provided that, in case acceptable bids were not
received after thirty days' notice, the Postmaster
General should have authority to make private
contracts. Now, sir, how has this last part of the
law been executed? We are told that the Post-
master General is trying to make contracts. How
trying? With whom, and where at? On these
points he leaves us in blissful ignorance. In
another part of his report he gives us, inadver-
tently, a little peep behind the curtain as to those
trials. He tells us, in plain English, that when a
certain railroad is done, then he will make a con-
tract. I f this means anything, it means that Con-
gress has no business to direct a mail to be put on
the river until the Central Illinois railroad is done,
and if Congress presumes to give such directions,
he, the Postmaster General, will nullify the law.
Who gave the Postmaster General authority to
postpone the execution of the law uniil the railroad
was finished. Did Congress pass a law directing
the Postmaster General to put a mail oil the river
when the Central Illinois railroad, or when any
other railroad was done? No; sir, no! His
directions were to establish "the mail, and this self-
constituted injunction of his does not furnish even
decent pretext for not doing it.
The bids, he tells us, were all extravagant.
Well, sir, why has he not, in compliance with the
law, made private contracts. He does not tell us
so; but we are left to infer that no one would con-
tract to carry the mail, except at' an exorbitant
price. If this ground be .taken, then I answer
that it, was not left to the Postmaster General to
refuse.the service on grounds Ifke those. From
prudential motives, he was not absolutely required
to accept a bid. But the plain meaning of the law-
is, that he may reject a bid, if he can make a pri-
vate contract on better terms. And this discretion-
ary power he affects to construe into authority
to refuse the mail altogether, unless he can pur-
chase the service on terms that he Ih.nks reason-
able. He was left, I repeat again, no discretibn
so far as the establishment of the mail was con-
cerned.
The Postmaster General was not directed.to
make contracts, if he could do so on terms theit he
thought reasonable. He was directed to establish
the mail, and,-in refusing to do so for the reasons
given by himself, he simply sets the law at defi-
ance, and says to Congress, I will not execute
your orders unless it suits me. If an executive
officer may take this ground, and maintain it,
Congress had better dissolve, and turn over the
law-making power to another department of tjie
Government.
There are other matters in this report to which
I desire to call special attention. ThePostm&ster
General says: " The boats now conveying the
mail between New Orleans and St. Louis, supply
Natchez, Vicksburg, Napoleon, Memphis, Hick-
man, and Cairo, dally," &c.,
Sir, it will be news to my constituents that tliey
get a daily mail by these boats.
But again: he says " the Louisville boat3
touch at the same points .daily, except Hick-
man," &c. This is capital. If this statement is
to be relied on, the people of Natchez and Vicks-
burg—and it is for them I speak on this occasion,
—receive a double daily mail by the river the year
round. Truly, sir, if this is correct, they complain
without cause. Eutis it correct? there's the rub.
No, sir, it is not correct. I do not say the Post-
master General misrepresents the facts wilfully. I
know he docs not. In all the relations of private
life I have found him a gentleman. He will not
tell an untruth; of this I am assured. But he is
deceived. On this point of delivering double daily
mails at Natchez and Vicksburg, he is simply mis-
taken. He tells us he pays for this service. AH
1 have to say on that point is, that if he pays
for delivering two mails a day at Vicksburg and
Natchez, by St. Louis, or Louisville, and New
Orleans boats, he is cheated. No such service is
performed.
I do not mean to say that there may not be
a day, or several days, when these nmils are
delivered, as the Postmaster General says. But
this I say, there is no regular or reliable mail
service on the river of any kind—none such as
approaches an apology for the service directed
by the act of 1854; and this the Postmaster Gen-
eral knows, if he understands what is going on in
his Department.
But again: " JIU other important offices," says
the Postmaster General, " between Cairo and Mew
Orleans are supplied tioice a week." If this were
true it would be no compliance with the law. The
law requires three deliveries per week each way.
But I undertake to say these intermediate offices
are not supplied once a week, and, in the summer
months, scarcely once a month. The Postmaster
General is again at fault on this point;
Who told the Postmaster General to supply
only the important offices? Who told him that
if A or B lived at an office not important in his
judgment, they should be cut off from all mail'
facilities ? Is it to be understood by the planters on
the Mississippi, and all others interested in the com-
merce of that river, that they must live near an
important office, or Judge Campbell does not think
it worth his while to send them a mail? and if
offices between Cairo and New Orleans do not at
least get two weekly mails, are its patrons to con-
sole themselves with the reflection that those who
These are
live near important offices fare better ?
important questions. ; . . .
But, sir, the Postmaster General is egregiously
mistaken. There is not an office, important or
unimportant, between the Tennessee line and New
Orleans, on' the Mississippi side, that gets two,
regular mails a week the year round. Sometimes
they get more,, sometimes less, and very often ,
none at all.. And this "must always be the case,,
so long as theiPostmastei. General refuses to make
any permanent arrangement, and relies, as he
now does, upqh mere chance, to^get boats to carry
themail. As things have been,.and now are, if.
boats go on the regular river trade, the mail goes,
also, and if not, the mail stops. Who would
think of sending a mail from Washington to Alex-
andria, only when it suited a hackney coach to
carry it? And'of how much greater consequence
must it be to send the mail on the Mississippi,
river with certainty, and not wait for uncertain,
chances of having it taken by a mere transient
trading boat?
There are other points in this report to which
I might properly call attention. But I did not
rise so much to criticise the report, as to .protest,
against Judge Campbell's refusal to execute the,
law. Its terms are plain, and it was his.bounden
duty to have complied with them, and not, as he
has done, wasted his time in framing excuses for
not doing it.
My friend from Texas [Mr. Rusk] has put in
a sort of defense forthe Postmaster General. He
will have the thanks of that officer for his kind-
ness, 1 am sure. The defense, however, does my
friend's goodness of heart more justice than it
does his information. He says the Ohio river
is often so low that it is impossible to run mail
boats on it, and this, he thinks, may be some
excuse for the Postmaster General not establishing
the mail on the Mississippi river. This excuse
escaped the ingenuity of the Postmaster General.
It was left to the astuteness of my friend from
Texas to discover that a want of water in the
Ohio was a good excuse .for not carrying the mail
on the Mississippi. Though I think the Post-
master General is sometimes mistaken, I doubt if
he does not think a mail might be carried on the
Mississippi if the Ohio dried up entirely. At all
events, he made no excuse of this kind for refus-
ing to comply with the law.
I have made these remarks in no complaining
or captious spirit towards the Postmaster Gen-
eral. My constituents have complained; and
again and again they have complained of a want
of mail facilities on the river. I went to work,
when a member of the other House, to secure
them these facilities. I pursued the subject there
and here, and when Congress Jrad so far seconded
my efforts as to direct the mail to be established,
I thought it a little hard that an Executive officer—
and he not the highest in the land—should inter-
pose to prevent it. I could have stood a presi-
dential veto. But I protest against nullification
by the Postmaster General.
I am now done with this subject. I have done
everything in my power. I have moved this law,
and aided in its passage. The Postmaster Gen-
eral refuses to execute it. If my constituents
complain, I point them to the President. He
approved the law, and he is bound to see it faith-
fully executed.
Mr. DIXON. I rise merely to say that I agree
fully with my friend, the Senator from Tennessee,
in the lucid exposition which he has given of this
whole subject; and while 1 would not pretend to
suggest what would be the proper remedy in the
case, 1 cannot but feel that the course of the Post-
master General, in refusing to carry out the plain
provisions of this law, subjects him to the just and
rightful censure of all those people in the United
States who are interested in the carrying of the
mail between the points proposed by the law. It
seems to me that the provisions of the law are too
clear to admit of any doubt as to what the duties
of the Postmaster General are. He is required,
under the provisions of the law, to make a con-
tract. As to the terms of the contract, I do not
understand that the law gives him any particular
discretion, except that he was to make the con-
tract in such a way as should best subserve th'e
interests of the country. He was required to
make the contract. The reason which he gives
for not making it, is, that he cannot make a con-
tract without paying too much fer the services
