1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
diers of 1812, why may they not well spare
another hour?
Sir, my friend from Pennsylvania is doubtless
anxious, as I am, that something shall be done
for the soldiers of the war of 1812. Now, let me
tell him that I am satisfied the bill, in the position
in which the Senate now has it, is vastly stronger
than it was as he originally presented it. He
shakes his head* There is a difference of opinion
between us, then, on that point. I am satisfied that
the bill is much stronger in its present position',
and" further, it does better justice to all classes- of
the people of the country.
The idea has been frequently thrown out here,
that this bill will take up too much public land.
Did we hear such an objection as that when the
proposition was made to compensate the soldiers
of the Mexican war? Land was given in that
case to young men, most of whom are living; and
when we have done this, can we do nothing for
the soldiers of 1812?
Mr. President, I do not wish to protract this
debate, for 1 know well that too much time has
already been consumed in the discussion of this
subject; but I do anxiously hope that the bill, as
the Senate has now matured it, may be finally
passed.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, I should be
very willing to vote with the Senator from Penn-
sylvania for the substitute which he has presented,
if I thought his bill would not be embarrassed by
doing so. I advance a proposition which I believe
will be assented to by nearly every Senator here,
when I say that there is a determination on the
part of Congress to get rid of the public lands.
The homestead bill, with its provisions, is now
before Congress. This bill is before us. One or
the other measure will, in all probability, pass both
Houses during the present session. It is now an
alternative presented to my mind, whether, on the
one hand, we shall use the public lands to invite
foreigners from every clime to come here and
receivethem under the homestead bill, or whether,
on the other hand, by a bill similar to the one
before us, we shall give the lands to the soldiers
of the revolutionary war, to the soldiers of the
war of 1812, and their descendants, and to those
who have fought with the Indians, in defense of
the frontiers forthese very lands. With thi* altern-
ative before me, with this position now presented
to the public mind, I choose to vote for the pres-
ent bill, and I do it upon principle. The public
lands have been obtained by the blood and treas-
ure of the country, and they should belong to the
people who spent their money and shed their blood
in defense of the country, by means of which the
lands were acquired. On what motive should we
supersede them and invite others to take the
ad vantages which have resuktd from the shedding
of th«ir blood and the spending of their money?
Sir, I have been uniformly opposed to any im-
proper distribution of the public lands. I have
been in favor of distributing their proceeds among
the States. But as I am well convinced that no
vote of mine could do greater justice to the Amer-
ican people than the one which I am about to give
in favor of this bill, I shall vote for it. I do so out
of no unkmdness to any persons who may come
to this country to settle in it; but I do it as an
act of justice to the soldiers who have fought our
battles, and to their descendants. I do not desire
to present this as a question upon which we are
to divide. I would vote to-day for a bill to dis-
tribute the proceeds of the public lands among all
the States, as the most just and proper on?.
That is a principle upon which I have stood for
years; but as that cannot be done, and as you are
disposed to give away the lands, the only question
is, to whom will you give them? I say to those ;
who are best entitled to them. Next comes the j
question, who are best entitled? Those who paid j
and fought for them, and I will vote to give it to ,
them and to their descendants. j
Mr. WELLER. Before the vote is taken on \
the substitute proposed by theSenator from Penn-
sylvania, I desire to move an amendment to the
original bill, as an additional section:
Sec.— Jlni he it further enacted, That from and after
the passage of Uih act, all persons now enrolled on {he
invalid pension hst ^hall be entitled to rcceivr, if a com-
missioned officer, twenty per cent upon the amount now
allowed, and non-commissioned officers and privates forty
percent, on the amounts now allowed oi paid under ex-
isting laws.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not understand the
Senator from California as offering this as an
amendment to my substitute, but as a proposition
to amend the original bill.
Mr. WELLER. That is what I propose, and
that, of course, takes precedence of a motion to
strike out all the original bill and insert a substitute.
The first question, therefore, must be on my
amendment. 1 will state to the Senate that 1 be-
lieve the whole amount paid to those on the in*
valid pension list is a little over five hundred
thousand dollars a year. This proposition, if it
should become a law, would probably increase
the amount, which would be paid to them, some
two hundred thousand dollars a year. My only
object is to make what I consider ample provision
for those who have been wounded or disabled in
the public service. They are first entitled, I think,
to justice from the Government before you give
land to able bodied men.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, as I wish to
submit some views on this bill, I shall, with the
indulgence of the Senate, avail myself of the pres-
ent occasion to do so. i have been waiting for
several days for an opportunity of doing so, after
all the amendments to the original bill should
have been offered, and before the question should
be taken on the substitute proposed by the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania.
Mr. WELLER. The question is now on my
amendment.
Mr. STUART. But let me tell the Senator
that his is only one of a score. Probably there
are several of them yet to be offered; and 1 hope
he, and the Senate, will indulge me in stating my
views at this time. In doing so, 1 ought to say,
after what has been suggested by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, that 1 shall not a(tempt to
enlighten Senators upon the question. I have no
belief that I am in possession of anything like the
knowledge which they have. My effort will be
simply to show to the Senate why I cannot, ac-
cording to my views of propriety, support the bill
as it now stands.
After the Senate printed the bill, as amended on
the first or second day of its consideration, I made
application to the sources where I supposed the
information existed in regard to the effect of that
bill. It will be recollected by the Senate, that, as
the bill then stood, it was much more limited in
its application than it is now. I applied to the
Commissioner of Pensions, among others, to
know, from the best lights which could be derived
from his office, what would be the amount of land
required to satisfy the provisions of the bill as it
then stood. Tie answered me, that it would re-
quire 73.0S1,800 acres. He states it in divisions:
Jicres.
For services in revolutionary war 26fi66,5(J0
For soivuts m tin* A nny m all w.\i a since 1790. 2^0
Add amount to Mexican soldiers   93(>,yt50
For services in the N.ivy in the last immtioned
wars  5,000,000
For services other ih.tn in wars G<l,U(H',OuO
Making the total which I have stated.
It will be conceded by every gentleman who
has given any attention at all to the subject, that
the bill as it now stands is more than doubled in
the influence which it will have upon the public
lands than it was at that time; that is to say, it
will require more than double the quantity that
would have been required as the bill stood when
I presented it to the consideration of this officer.
The whole surveved lands of the United Stales,
as returned in 1853, were about one hundred and
sixty-seven millions of acres, about double the
quantity named in this statement. These sur-
veyed lands are almost entirely within the States.
Dut a small portion of the Territories has been
surveyed. It may then be safely assumed that
the bill, m its present form, will consume every
acre of the public lands which are within the
borders of the organized States. This may be
fairlv regarded as the extent of the proposition in
its effect upon the public lands. Is any Senator,
except he who favors, as the Senator from Georgia
says he does, a distribution of the public lands m
some way, prepared to vote for such a disposition
of them ?
It will be seen, at a glance, from this statement,
that very many considerations enter into the effect
of this bill. In the first, place, let us regard its
effect upon the Treasury of the United States.
One hundred and sixty-seven millions of acres of
land, being- ail that is surveyed, may, under the
operation of the graduation law,,be estimated aa
worth to the Government $150,000,000, because
they will not all be taken up by actual settlers
under the graduation law. The proposition, in a
pecuniary point of view, therefore, is to take out
of the public Treasury, at one blow, $150>000,000
worth of public property. How much will it cost
to pay it? It must be recollected that, in the
mean time, the land system is to be retained; be-
cause this bill provides for its execution by the
present land officers, from the Commissioner of
the General Land Office down. What is the
actual cost of the system to the Government? Not
less than half a million of dollars a year. Take it
at that for the next twenty-five or thirty years,
and it will amount to a very large sum. The esti-
mate of the Secretary of the Interior for the ex-
penses of the Land Office department during the
present fiscal year was over $675,000; so that i
may safely say that, during the next quarter of a
century, the cost of maintaining the Land Office
department will be not less than half a million of
dollars annually.
What has been the demand for public lands?
For the last ten years the figures show an average
of not exceeding four millions of acres annually.
How long, at this rate, will it take to consume the
one hundred and sixty-seven millions of acres
provided by this bill ? W hy,sir,it will approach
half a century; it may, with confidence, be stated
at thirty or forty years. Then, if you have to
pay" half a million of dollars annually for your
land system, the expense of maimaminerthat sys-
tem for thirty years will be $15,000,000. It
would be well to pause and consider who is to pay
this large amount. The land system more than
supports itself under existing laws; but if you
take away from that system the means by which
it is to be supported, it falls as a direct tax upon
all the people of the United States; and for what
object?—because it is well enough to keep the
obiect in view. I shall, by-and-by, treat of the
object.
in addition to this—passing now to the business
in the Pension Office—the Commissioner of Pen-
sionp, in a communication which I have before
me, says that one hundred additional clerks will
be required for four years to dispo&enf the claims
for lands provided for in the bill, as I presented it
to him; and the annual cost of this would be
$155,000. As the bill now stands, the labor will
be doubled, and consequently, this estimate must
be doubled.
Inasmuch as I am only going to show my own
reasons for not voting in favor of this bill, I shall
not detain the Senate beyond a general statement,
i have already said enough to show what the
effect will be upon the General Government, and
its Treasury. I propose now to see what will be
its effect upon the land States.
Sir, in the State which 1 have the honor in part
to represent there are reported to be sixteen mil-
lions of acres of undisposed of public lands. The
whole area of the Siate is something over thirty-
five millions of acres. Then, nearly one half of
that State is unoccupied, and the land unsold.
Suppose, now, that one hundred and sixty-seven
millions of acres be placed in the market; when
will that land be occupied ? Who is to occupy it *
The demand is stated by the Commissioner of the
General Land Office to be four million acres an-
nually, taking an average of the last ten years.
You will see, therefore, that the effect ot this
proposition upon every land State is of the worst
possible character. I have said to the Senate, on
previous occasions, that the worst condition of
things for the land States, is for the Government of
the United States to hold the lands, and refuse to
sell them, because they cannot even be taxed.
The next worst thing in order is, for them to be
held by speculators, because it prevents settle-
ment. We are called upon to throw into the
market a sufficient amount of warrants to coverall
i the lands that lie within the land States'as organ-
' ized, ex eluding California, and subject that scrip to
be accumulated in the hands of speculators, who
can locate the land at a nominal sum, and hold it
during their pleasure.
Now, let me ask the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Dawson,] who has repeated to the Senate
several times his ideaof excluding foreigners from
any participation in the public lands, whether it
has ever struck him that foreigners may buy up
the scrip which will be issued under this bill, and
