§48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
locate theland with it? And more than this, that
foreign Governments may buy it. up,and puttheir
paupers on the land when' they get ready. Has
it ever strack him that, by issuing scrip in this
way, and passing it into the hands of speculators,
it will be brought down to a mere nominal sum;
and that, by this means, the very door which the
Senator so: mush apprehends, will be opened ?
Ub vary effect must be to pass the scrip into the
hands of immense capitalists. The invitation is,
therefore, given to persons abroad to come here,
and to shingle over the public !&nds of these Uni-
ted States with warrants, to hold them, and, to send
their own citizens to them whenever they elioose.
I think it would be very well if these' points were
considered by some of the gentlemen who seem to
be so much afraid that a foreigner should be per-
mitted to cultivate some of our lands.
The Senator from Georgia says he has not. been
able to discover tl.e difference between a bill of
this sort and a homestead biil. Much as that
homestead .bill was discussed atthelastsession of
Congress-—much as the Senator has, doubtless,
paid attention to it himself—he has not yet dis-
covered the difference, upon this country and upon
the Slates of this Confederacy, between that bill
which oecupies the land and cultivates it, and this
whioh passes it into the hands of enormous spec-
ulators in enormous .quantities. The one gives
you people; and, sir, it has passed into an adjge,
from one of the most brilliant speeches that was
ever made, that people constitute a State. Give
us people in the new States, and we will see that
they make1 good citizens, if they are not good
now. The new States have received, and received
freely, emigrants from the old States of the Union
and from Europe indiscriminately; and I have
yet to learn that there is a State 111 this Union
which has been injured by its foreign population.
I have yet to learn that there is an agricultural
community on the face of the earth which is
essentially inimical in its sentiments to republican
institutions. I think it was Mr. Jefferson who
said that great cities are great sores upon the body-
politic; but, sir, the people in the agricultural
districts, the' cultivators of the soil, no matter
whether born under an eastern or a western sun,
are the men who always sustain republican insti-
tutions. I have said here repeatedly, and I do
not hesitate to say it again to-day, that tins Gov-
ernment could do nothing better than to secure
upon every quarter section of the public domain
an actual settler, with his wife and family, culti-
vating the soil. The question of whether they
get one dollar or one million for it, would be of
little or no consequence.
Again, sir, the Constitution provides that when
new Stales are admitted into this Union, they
shall come in upon an equal footing with the origi-
nal States in nil respects whatsoever. This provi-
sion haa never yet been htcially carried out, and it
probably never will be. The old States came into
the Union owning and holding all the lands within
their bordors. When the new States are ad-
mitted into the Union, the Government of the
United States retains the title to all the lands with-
in then- borders which have not been already sold
by the General Government. As some sort of
equivalent for this, Congress has given to the new
States donations of land for educational purposes.
Seventy-two sections or more have been given to
each State for the purposes of a State university;
every sixteenth section in all the land States,
and in some the thirty-sixth section also, has been
granted for the purposes of common schools; lands
ior purposes of internal improvement have been
granted to them; salt springs have been granted,
ami land for the erection of State buildings. What
will be the effect now upon our university fund,
upon our common school fund, which consists of
every sixteenth section in the State, if you place
in the market at this day scrip enough, at some-
thing about six cents an acre, to buy up all the
public land in the State? How can we maintain
our common schools? We have fixed the price
of the reserved school sections in our State at
about four dollars an acre; and as fast as settle-
ment progresses they bring that price. The fund
is gradually enhancing. It is nearly enough now
to support our common schools without any taxa-
tion, and what is true of Michigan is doubtless
true of the other land States. But, sir, put all the
land in market by the issue of this scrip, at some-
thing like six cents an acre, and what can we get
for our school sections? Education then, which
lies at the .very basis of free Government, receives
its death blow ill the new States at the hands cf
Congress by the passage of this bill m its present
But, again, sir, the construction given to the
existing laws, (those laws which amount almost
to a condition of our coming into the Union as
new States,) is to allow us a certain percentage
on the proceeds of all-lands sold within our borders;
but it is also the construction of the laws, that
where public lands are paid for by land warrants,
we do not get a farthing. As I have already said,
there are over sixteen million acres of public land
in Michigan, and if this bill passes, we shall not
get n single penny of the five per cent, fund, to
which we are entitled on the sales of those lands.
1, ask Senators from the new States, yea sir, 1 ask
Senators from the old States, is this fair ? Is it
fair to retain in the hands of the General Govern-
ment the title to the soil, thus putting us in an
inferior position to the old States, and after having
extended to us these equivalents, now to step in,
and at one fell swoop take them all away from
us? I think, and I confess, that I have thought
with some confidence, that it was neither leason-
able nor proper. Sir, (Mr. Geyer m the chair,)
l your own S.ate has something over twenty mil-
lions of ucreu, if 1 recollect aright, of unsold land.
Arkansas has about tivo thirds. Florida is in the
same condition with over two thirds of her land
unsold. 1 believe there are only two of the land
States which are reduced so low as to have little
over one third of the whole area of the States
unsold. 1 have stated the effect of the bill on
tliose States. You have made grants of land to
rail load compunies, who have constructed their
roads in good faith; you have said the alternate
sections shall not be sold for less than §2 50 an
acre; but under this bill, the sections adjoining
the reserved sections will not bring over six cents
an acre.
Mr. President, I might consent, perhaps, to
sufler some large shore of the effect of this bill
upon the public Treasury and upon the new States,
if it were to carry out in any degree the proposi-
tion which it contains upon its face; but it will be
found, 1 think, before this question terminates,
that the tiue friends of the soldiers of the war of
1812 will not be among those who vote for the
greatest enlargement of the bill. To obviate, in
some degiee, the evils to which I have thus briefly
alluded, the honorable Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Ci.ayton,] who saw those evils, moved an
amendment which, on the motion of the honora-
ble Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge,] was still
■ further amended, by which the location under
i these warrants la restricted to six hundred and
| forty acres m a township. In reference to that
| matter, the Commissioner of the General Land
| Office, after giving the amount of all the public
lands m the United States, says what I beg leave
| to read to the Senate:
1 But it' the piineiple be finally adopted that, lias already
| received vhe sanction of the Senate, that not more than mx
lwrulied and (orty aiTcs ot these wairant- Miall bo located
j it) any one township, there is not t<pacc enounh in tho land
! States on which to locate them, including afl California,
' Oit'£0ti, Washington, Utah, New Mexico, Kansas, Np-
1 htobka, aud the Indian Temtory, mountains, deserts, and
all."
j The reason is very evident: one thirty-sixth
; part of ail the land that there is within the United
: States would be only a little over thirty-three mil-
lions of acres. This bill, as I presented it to the
i Commissioner, called for seventy-eight millions of
acres. As it stands now, I have said to the Sen-
j ate, it is doable that amount, and, therefore, here
I is a provision standing in your bill by which you
cannot locate one third—not over one sixth of the
I land which will be granted, according to its pres-
j ent provisions, if you take all the land there is
, within our borders; and yet the Congress of the
| United States is deliberately legislating: here with
| a view to help the old soldiers ! Another thing is
I; ascertained, and any gentleman can see, by a com-
j; pntation, precisely its effect. I stated before,and,
I as some gentlemen thought, pretty strongly, that,
under the provisions of this bill, the warrants,
I; even for one hundred and sixty acres, would not
[■ be worth enough to buy a soldier a hat. What
does tne Commissioner of Public Lands say upon
i the subject? Following up what I have just read,
! he says:
1 It is thus shown that the warrants could not be lo-
cated—and if that restriction was withdrawn, that they
would not probably jield to the'holder-5 more than twelve
and a bait cents an acre,or twenty dollars for a quarter sec-
tion of one hundred and sixty acres. To do this, the people
of the United States would be taxed heavily in keeping up
the land system, without the slightest prospect of benefit
from it. The whole of the public domain would be use-
lessly frittered away, and the hope lield out, of benefit to
the old soldiers, would be worse liian delusive."
* I said, sir, that I might consent to a serious in-
jury upon the land States, if it were to do some-
thing for this meritorious class Of men; but if,
under a bill which only took seventy-eight mil-
lions of acres, the warrants would not be worth
more than twenty dollars for a quarter section,
what will they be worth under a bill which takes
all the land in the land States, amounting to nearly
one hundred and seventy million acres? "Why,
sir, the idea of their being a benefit to the soldiers^
it seems to me, is ridiculous upon its face. I sub-
mitted to the Commissioner of Pensions the ques-
tion, what would be the effect of striking out of
the bill, as itthen stood, the words, whose ser-
vices have been paid by the United States ?" The
words have since that been stricken out of the
bill. Let us see what he says on that point:
"You also ask me what will be the effect of erasing
from the bill tlie word#, 'andwhose services have been
paid by the (Tinted State*1 know of no data by which
to estimate the number that would be Jet m by this amend-
ment. 1 do know that a large number of miiila.y com-
panies were formed and mustered, and stood in readine°o
to enter the service when called for'during: the war of
181*2, who yet never rendered any service, and conse-
quently were not paid. If tfns class of pt r^ous are to be
let in, and are permitted to establish their service by parol
evidence, I fear that almost every person who was in any
military organization during any ot said wars, will claim
to be beneficiaries under the law. The effect of this amend-
ment will be to increase the beneficiaries to an almost un-
limited extent."
Now, let us see whether the Commissioner is
justified in this statement. We have gotin, under
the provisions of the bill, every man who was
ever mustered into service, either by the United
States, or by State authority. We have got in
every man who was engaged in the Revolution,
or in any other war. We have got in all the
rangers who fought as border men in the west
with the Indians. We have got in the Indians
themselves. We have got in the men who fought
the patriot war, and the men who were suggested
by the honorable Senator from California, [Mr.
Weller,] who fought the Michigan and Ohio
war in 1S3G. Every man that was ever called
out, either to protect the United States, or a single
State, is embraced within the provisions of this
bill. Is not the Commissioner right when he says
this will increase the effect of this bill to an enor-
mous extent? No man can calculate it. Why,
sir, what are the frauds committed under the
existing laws ? Every gentleman connected with
the Department will tell you that they are very
numerous. Some of them they have been able
to ferret out; but others not. The mass of them
have been yet undetected, and in carrying out the
provisions of any bill like this, large quantities of
land will be fraudulently obtained.
What, then, do you do for the old soldier? In
the first place, you hold out to him a rneie delu-
sion,as i have shown; and, in the next place, you
disgrace him. You not only profess to give him
the avails of a quarter section of land, which, in
fact, will not fetch him $12 50, but you place him
in company with men of inferior merit—with
those who deserted the very flag that he fouarht to
sustain. There is not a single provision in this
bill which limits its effects to those who have been
honorably discharged.
Mr. BllODHEAD. My substitute does,
j Mr. STUART. I am speaking of the bill as it
! stands. Deserters, cowards, and the basest men
who ever lived in the land, are to be given one
hundred and sixty acres, side by side with the
men who maintained the honor and integrity of
your country.
Mr. President, when legislators are about to
proceed to this pass, it is impossible not to see
that there is a motive other than benefit to the
meritorious soldier; and that motive is found in
the desire to take from the land States all the beue-
fit growing out of the land system. 3t amounts
to no less than this: that, after having brought
those States into the Union in an inferiorposition,
j the pledge of the Government, fixing in the State
I of Michigan, as in all other new States, the riarbt
i to the five per cent, fund, is to be taken ruthlessly
> away. For what? Why, to get at something
