350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
consists in their own acta. There is no man
sufficiently talented, nor is there any language
sufficiently comprehensive to add a single letter
of eulogium to those men beyond that which their
own conduct furnishes; and, sir, if not under this
bill, at some day, I doubt not, I shall have an
opportunity of doing them justice.
The following are the documents referred to:
Pension Office, January 8, 1855.
• Sir : I have examined the accompanying bill for a pub-
lic act, being Senate bill No. oil, with a view to estimate
the number of beneficiaries within its provi-iops, and the
quantity of land it would require to satisfy their demands.
The limited time I have had to do this, is my apology for
the errors I may have committed.
The beneficiaries of the bill may be classed as follows:
I. Those who served in ihe Army or Navy of the U nited
States during the revolutionary war, or their widows or
children. TT . .
II. Those who have served in the armies of the United
States in any of the wars since 1790, (except the war with
Mexico,) ortheir widows or children.
III. Those who have served in the Navy of the United
Stau s,in any of the last mentioned wars, or'their widows
or children.
' IV. Those who have been called into military service,
other than in war, and paid by the United States, or their
widows or children.
J estimate the whole number of persons engaged in the
land and naval service during the revolutionary war to be
500,000. At least one thud of this number will bo be.nefi-
ciarirs, either personally, or by their widows or children,
under this bill. One third of 500,000 is 166,666 it will
require'26,665,560 acres of land to satisfy these claims.
The number of men who have served in the armies in
the various wars since 1790, except the war with Mexico,
has been estimated at 531,729. Of this number, 48,14.*
have already received one hundred and sixty acres of land
each. This will leave 483,586 who have not received ihat
quantity. I estimate that two thuds of this number will be
beneficiaries under this bill. Two thirds ot 4H3,5o6 is
322,391. To satisfy these claim* in full, wou'd require
51,583,560 stores of land. Rut 58,408 of these person* have
received eighty acres each, and 110,791 have received forty
acres r.ieli. The whole iy? ber of acres Hum received i*
9,101,280, mid will leave duethi* cla-;s,upon ibis estimate,
4'J.47^,tK0 acres of land. To Una number should be added
7,808 persons who served in the war with Mexico for less
than twelve mouths, and have received but forty acred of
land each. These will, under tins lull, he entitled in one
hundred and twenty acies each, in addition, making 936,960
acres.
I have not been able to ascertain the number of persons
who have, served m the Navy of the United States during
the wars since 1790 with any certainty; but I estimate that
the number of that class of benefteiaries cannot be lc*a
than 35,U0O. It would require 5,600,000 acres to satisfy
this class.
The whole number who have been called into military
service, oilier than in wur, and paid by the United States,
cannot be less than 25,000. This class will include till that
have boon called out to quell Insurrection, or repel invasion,
commencing with ihe whisky insurrection m Pennsylva-
nia, and ending with the dMurbances on the northeastern
frontier. 1 estimate that I5 0.)0o! this number will be ben-
eficiaries, and will require 51,400,t 00 acres.
The following ia a tmmmniy of ihe preceding estimates:
3. Tor services in the revolutionary war, 20,666,560 acres.
9. For services in the Army m all wars
since im 43,47R,SeO «
Add amount due Mexican soldicis.... 936,'JbO "
3. For services in the Navy m ihe last
mentioned wars     5,600,000 11
4. For services other than in wars  2,40d,0()0 "
Total   78.0*1,800 "
You have desired me to give yon my opinion as to the
difficulties in executing such a law, and the time requisite
to effut t it. In my opinion, it w.ll take fifty seven years,
or one hundred men three and one half years to execute
aueh a law. If tins law i* to be executed in the Pension
Office, we should require this addition to our present lorce,
and pmtable rooms lor iheir accommodation.
The greatest difficulties 1 now appiehend in adjudicating
claim* und  r tins law will arise tiom the provision giving
the bounty to adutl children, and permitting the service ot
the soldier to be proved by parol evidence. The minor
children of a deceased person are usually in the same
family, or neighborhood, and can be easily ascertained.
But adult children are frequently scattered in different
quarters of the globe. Each child of a deceased soldier
may claim the whole bounty, and after offering evidence that
the other children have not been heard from lor seven years,
and having obtained the bounty, some other child, from a
distant State, may make the same claim, and sustain it with
similar evidence. But f regard the provision allowing the
service of the soldier to be established by parol evidence as
extremely danuerous. It would he very much less hazard-
ous if the minimum service was one month. But under
this lull it h one day. Now, if this may be established by
the testimony of two witnesses, every person who happened
to vi-.it a place where soldiers were quartered in service,
will be like y to e.-fabh>h a claim; for the fact that he was
Wit'i ill'1 army will be easily remembered, while it may
no! he so easily remembered thai he was there only as a
vj-itor.
I i egret ihat T have not had time to an-wer yourinijmries
more in demit, hut 1 think this will give you, substantially,
my vieus upon thiN ^uiiject.
{ have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
cervatit, L p. WALDO, Commissioner.
Hon, Cha3X.es IS. Stuart, United States Senate.
Pension Office January 10,1855.
Sir : In my letter to you of the 8ih instant, I ought to
have stated that the whole amount of land warrants, issued
to September 30, J854, for military service in all the wars
in which this country has been engaged, is 33,578,732 acres.
You now ask me to state how the restoration ofthewoid
"minor" to the bill, before the word " children," will affect
the estimates in my letter of the Bill instant. In my judg-
ment, it will reduce ihe quantity of land more than one
half. It can be hardly possible that there are now many
minor children of revolutionary soldiers. The whole
number of revolutionary pensions now upon the list, is
one thousand and sixty-nine males, and five thousand nine
hundred and eighty-two females. This will be about the
number of beneficial ies of this class, if the word " minor"
be restored to the bill.
Neither can there be a large number of minor children ot
soldiers of the war of 1812. Most of the beneficiaries in
this class must, therefore, be adults; and, if it be limited
to the soldier and his widow, it must reduce the estimate
full one half. The same is true of the sailors in the same
war, and also of all that were called into service before
that war. I think it a fair estimate that the restoration of
this word will reduce the amount of land m the estimates
40,000,000 acres.
You also ask me what will be the effect of erasing from
the bill the word* u and whose services have been paid by
the United States?" I know of no data by which to esti-
mate the number that would be let in by this amendment.
1 do know that large numbers of military companies
weie formed and mustered, and stood m readiness to enter
the service when called lor, during the war of 1812, vvlio
yet never rendered any service, and consequently were not
paid. It this class of persons are to be let in by this amend-
ment, and are permitted to establish their service by parol
evidence, I /ear ihat almost every person who was in any
military organiz tlion during any of said wars, will claim to
be beneficinries under the law. The effect of this amend-
ment will be to increase the beneficiaries to an almost un-
limited extent.
You also inquire what will be the increased annual ex-
pense of the Pension Uflicc, if required to execute this law ?
This will depend upon the action of Congress. If it desires
to have the law executed within four years from the date of
its pas-age, we shall need one hundred additional cleiksot
the various classes, whose annual salaries will amount to
about <5:133,(100 ; and the contingent expenses must be in-
creased about #20 000 annually. If we are furnished with
a less number ot clerks, the expenses will be pioporuonabl>
Itiss, and the execution of tho law correspondingly post-
poned. ,
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, L. p. WALDO, Commi'-sioner.
Ilori. Charles E. Stuart, United State> Senate.
Gkneral Land Office, January 9, 1855.
Sir: In answer to your oral inquiries, as to the cost of
satisfying warrants that will be issued if the bounty land bill
now before the Senate is passed, the effect of those war-
runts on the revenue from putihe lands, and the probable
value of those warrants m Hie market, it issued, 1 have the
honor to state that, from the estimate furnished by the Com-
missioner of Pension-, it appears that that lull will require
the is«ue of .MG.^0.") warrants, enibi.icing 78,081,800 acres.
On this basis the cost will be as lol.ows:
Tor each warunt a patent and recoid must be prepared.
For 54f),H05 patents, the parchment paper will co«t
cents eat b   $34,lfc>9
For 1,100 volumes of record-', at $15  1O,.j0O
For S2.'> patents per day, LOJ dajs to year, at
,kJi 0 pel annum  87,600
For 2.') records  87,600
Correspondence, 4 i lei Us, at &1,600, (20 years,)
and 0 ) let'.er records, at $'1*2  130,400
Posting 30 warrants per day, 3U0 days to year, at
,«$t .5.00 and #1,400   79,300
100 tract hooLo, at $15 
Accountants, 4 clerks, at ijl.GOD, (20 years)....
2 pei cent. Icin to register and icceiver  1,9.)2,000
Stationery, (20 years)  Iu,0u0
Total $2,527,089
Should the 2* per cent, to the registers and receiv-
ers be paid b\ the holder ol tin warrant amount-
ing to   1,952.000
The estimated expense to the Government would
be    575,089
In attempting to make an estimate of the effect these
warrants will produce on the revenue from the public lands
it is necessary to review the several elements that enter into
the calculations
In this, <is in all other matters of trade or barter, the de-
mand and -uppiy alfect the vaiue. For the last two y-ar>,
the demand lor public land has been heavy ; partly caused
by the natural increase m the population of the country;
in part by the migiation from the eastern States; veiy
much by the heavy immigration from foreign countnes; but
probably more trom speculating motives as good invest-
ments for the large amount of surplus capital m the country.
The reaction that has taken place, and consequent pres-
sure m the money market, and the falbog,off in immigra-
tion, will materially reduce this demand, for some years to
come at least; and a further reduction will be caused by
the amount of lands belonging to individuals, that will be
forced into market by that prepare. In leviewing these
elements, 1 Hunk that about 3.000,000 of acres per annum
will be the average disposed ot lor some years to come.
But suppose 4,000.000 he estimated, it would require about
twenty years to absorb these warrants, if all the entries
were made with them. This will not, probably, be the
case ; though there is but little doubt that all the land* at
one dollar and twenty five cents, at one dollar, and at
seventy-five cents per acre, will he entered with them.
This will leave the Government only the fifty cents, twen-
ty five cents, and twelve and a half cent lands, from which
to derive a revenue. From these classes, I think that the
amount received m cash would not excecd $500,000 per
annum, for about 2,000,030 ot acres, averaging at twenty-
five cents per acre. In fact, the lands, so lar irom being a
source of revenue, would not pay expenses. The other
2,000,000, at the higher rates, would probably be entered
with warrants.
The next question presented, is the probable value ot
those warrants in the market, if issued ?
If the Commissioner of Pensions could issue five hun-
dred of those warrants per day, allowing three hundred
working days in the year, it would requiie nearly lour years
to issue the whole of them ; allowing, however, for the
necessary delay in commencing, and the tardy manner in
which the claims will come m towards the close ot the
business. Let us estimate that it will require double that
time, or eight years. We would thus have a supply, m
ejoht years, of about 80,000,000 of acres, with a demand
of only 2,000,000, or five times as many each year as would
or could be used.
There would be no minimum fixed for these warrants, aa
in the case of those issued for services in the Mexican war,
where a certificate of $100 United States six per cent,
stock was issued to those who preferred it to a land war-
rant. In that case the price of the warrant could not fall
below the value of this stock, which was generally above
par. Here, however, as already stated, it would require
all the entries at and above seventy live cents per acre, to
absorb the 2,000,000 per annum, and probably a great part
of the fifty cent class, if, then, the demand was equal
10 the supply, they would not rise to even fi-ty cent*
per acre. But in eight years the supply would be suffi-
cient to meet the demand for forty years. On the average,
then, that is, m twenty years, the principal invested in
these warrants, if put out at interest, and the interest rein-
vested, would increase more than three-fold. The war-
rants would have no such increase, and, consequently,
such sum only could be obtained for them as would, at that
time, at compound interest, amount to the nominal vaiue
of the warrants. If fifty cents per acre was tnat nominal
value, and it is shown that it could not be more, then fif-
teen cents per a- re would be all that could be obtained for
them on this basis—and allowing the difference between
their nominal and cash value, it would not exceed twelve
and a half cents per acre.
But if the principle be finally adopted that has already
received the sanction of the Senate, that not more than 040
acres of these warrants shall be located in any one town-
ship, there is not space enough m the land States on which
to locate them, including all California, Oregon, Washing-
ton, Utah, New Mexico, Kansas,Nebraska, and the Indian
Territory, mountains, deserts, and all.
The entire area, estimated m table E, of the report oflast
year, of the unsold and unappropriated lands of the United
States, was 1.360,070,681 acres. There are thirty-six sec-
tions, of 040 acies each, in a full township--cons  quently
only one thirty-sixth paitof each township would be sub-
ject to such location, or one thirty-sixth pait of the whole.
One thirty-sixth part of 1,360,070.681 is only 37,779,741
acrcs, or less than one half of the estimated amount of the
bounty land giant. '
It is thus shown that the warrants could not be located,
and if that restriction was withdrawn, that they would not,
probably, yield to the holders, more than twelve and a half
cents per acre, or twenty dollars for a quaiter section, of
one hundred and sixty acres. To do this, the people of
the United States would be tax«d heavily in keeping up
the land system, without the slightest prospect of benefit
from it—the whole of the public domain would be u->eles?ly
frittered away, and the hope held out of benefit to the old
soldiets, would be worse than delusive.
You are aware that I am, and always have been, friendly
to granting bounty lands to the old soldiers who periled
their lives, and freely shed their blood for their b< loved
countiv; but, carried to the extent contemplated by this
bill, in.-iead of a reward for patriotism, it would prove a
morttiying arid vexatious disappointment.
From a letterto Hon. A. C. Donoi, ofSlth August, 1B52,
(copy inclosed.) you will perceive that, at tba^.tmie,
when the minimum price of the public lands was $1 2^ per
acre, it wa- estimated that the issue ol fifty-eight millions
additional warrant-, would reduce the value of tbo^p war-
rants to fifty or twenty five cents per acre. The piesent
estimate is in lair proportion, in view of the reduced price
of lin: public lands under the graduation law.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOHN WILSON, Commissioner.
Hon. C. E. Stuart, Senate.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, I will make
a bnef reply to the Senator from Michigan. He
reduces ail his arguments in opposition to this bill
to about four; and they may be concentrated into
one idea, that the provisions of the bill will injure
what he calls land States. There are now one
hundred and seventy millions of acres of surveyed
public lands within the limits of the United States,
owned by the Government, excluding the lands
lying; in the State of California and those in the
Territories. The aggregate of lands supposed
now to be owned by the United States altogether,
is about one billion seven hundred millions of
acres, (1,700,000,000.) The objections to allow-
ing the old soldiers, as they are called, to take
these lands are, iirst, the expense; and then the
indignity shown to them by presenting them with
such a gift in consideration of past services. The
Senator says the expenses incurred by the Gov-
ernment will be the salaries of one hundred addi-
tional clerks, who will be necessary to facilitate
the Pension Office in passing on the rights of the
old soldiers, and he says further, that it will take
