1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
about eighty millions of acres to supply what we
consider a just tribute to the worth and to the ser-
vices of those men, and to their descendants.
Mr. STUART. As I wish the Senator to pro-
ceed on the basis which I stated, I will correct
him. 1 stated that this bill, as it now Btands,
would take double the land which the bill that I
presented to the Land Office, and on which these
calculations were based, would require.
Mr. DAWSON. Well, suppose it does! But
now I will ask the Senator whether he was not a
warm advocate of the homestead bill, which in-
vited any man within the United States, or within
the limits of the world, who would come here and
declare his intention to become a citizen, to go
and settle upon the public lands, and if he remained
there for five years, that he should have one hun-
dred and sixty acres, without fee or emolument ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly I was.
Mr. DAWSON. Then what becomes of the
Senator's argument, thatthis bill will be a disgrace
on the Union, by impairing the value of the school
fund, and the five per cent, fund, reserved to the
new States by compact, when the very proposi-
tion which the Senator himself urged, at the last
session, at once denied the probability of a dollar
going into the Treasury from the sale of the public
lands? The Senator's own argument cuts from
ear to ear, and exhausts the vitality of his position
at once.
The next objection is, that the bill will take
eighty millions of acres, and thus diminish the
financial resources of the country. Why, sir,
would not the homestead bill have supplied the
demand, whether it amounted to fifty or one hun-
dred million acres per annum, and would not the
public lands be gone by that bill? And if it were
a bill without limitation, year after year would
have gone by until the public lands were exhausted,
and not a dollar would go into the State treasuries
from the five per cent, fund, and their school funds
would be valueless.
But, sir, the Senator says, that by striking out the
word " minor" before " children," we add forty
millions of acres to the bounty granted by the bill.
Did the motion to strike out the word " minor"
come from the friends of the bill? Was it not my
honorable friend himself who made that motion ?
Why did he make it, if the effect was to add forty
millions of acres to the appropriation made by the
Mr. STUART. Does the Senator intend to
say that I made the motion to strike out the word
" minor?"
Mr. DAWSON. I understand the Senator
from Michigan voted for it.
Mr. STUART. Not at all. The amendment
was moved py the Senator's colleague, [Mr.
Toombs,] with the avowal, made at the time, that
he was opposed to the bill, and desired to make it
as obnoxious as he could. I voted against it.
Mr. DAWSON. I thought I heard the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania charge the Senator from
Michigan with being friendly to that proposition
in order to make the bill unpopular.
Mr. STUART. The Senator is mistaken.
The Senator from Pennsylvania found some fault
with me, because I moved to strike out the limit
of the service of thirty days; and when I was
objecting to striking out the word " minor, "he
brought up that as an argument of inconsistency
against me.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not intend any such thing;
I accept the Senator's explanation; but the vote
which was given for that proposition was certainly
to make the bill unpopular. It is immaterial who
voted for it. It was distinctly announced at the
time what the object was; ar.d, of course, all who
voted to strike out the word " minor," did it for
the purpose of making the bill as objectionable as
possible to the Senate. But, sir, I waive that
point.
The Senator from Michigan next rallied Sen-
ators from the land States, and told them to come
up in opposition to the bill, on the ground that
people, and not land, made a State. Sir, he is
right; and if people do make a State, is it not the
policy of the land States to invite people to go
within their limits? Does not this bill invite the
soldiers of the revolutionary war, and their de-
scendants, and the soldiers of the war of 1812, and
their descendants, the worthy men who fought
our battles, and those who have descended from
them, to go there? And how do you propose to
induce them to go ? By giving them one hundred
and sixty acres of land on which they can settle.
Mr. BADGER. A homestead.
Mr. DAWSON. Yes, sir; it is a real home-
stead. What stronger inducement can the land
States desire to cause population to go within
their limits? The argument of the Senator upon
the question of population will not answer; for
this bill is an invitation for all men who have not
landed property orattachments to particular States,
to go within the. limits of the new States, and
settle upon the land, which is the subject of this
gratuity of the Federal Government.
But, Mr. President, let me show that the doc-
trine of the Senator from Michigan will not be
sustained even in the land States. He says that
the warrants will be reduced so low that the old
soldiers will not have enough profit out of them
to buy a hat. Cannot that argument be turned
against the Senator? If the General Govern-
ment propose to put down the price of one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land to ten dollars, will
it not invite population to the new States? The
Senator depreciates the value of a one hundred
and sixty acre warrant to a ten dollar hat; then
is it not an encouragement to men who wish to
change their residence to pay the hat for the one
hundred and sixty acres of land? The Senator
calls on those representing the land States to go
against this measure; and yet, according to his
own view, it is calculated to bring population to
those States. His objection in that regard, there-
fore, falls. <it
Then what is the next objection presented by
the Senator ? It is that this bill is an indignity
offered to the old soldier, that he is put in com-
pany with deserters and others. Sir, because a
thousand men, deserving of honor and respect, of
good feeling and support from the Government,
should happen to be associated with one or two
bad men, will you vote against all, merely on that
ground? Why does not the Senator move to
strike out deserters ? It can be done yet. I be-
lieve, in fact, a provision was put in to exclude
them. The whole argument of the Senator is like
a sieve, it cannot hold water.
Again, the Senator insinuates that I am unkind
to foreigners. Sir, have you ever heard me deny
that any foreigner who comes to this country has
not a right to purchase the public lands? Have 1
ever uttered a sentiment which would go to deprive
him of thepowerof holding publicland > No, sir;
the sentiment I uttered was, that I would not hold
out the public land as an inducement for the lowest
class of European population to come here and
settle upon it without price; I would not give to
them more rights than 1 would give to my own
native people. That is all that 1 have said on that
subject; and if that be Know-Nothingism, I have
found out what it is without knowing anything
about it. [Laughter.]
But the Senator from Michigan says, capitalists,
foreigners of immense wealth, will come here and
buy your public land in large quantitits, and bring
their paupers and escaped convicts, and settle
them upon it. This is an argument which I
never before heard used, and one which, it seems
to me, can scarcely have weight upon a proposi-
tion such as this, and before a body like this,
especially when the distinguished Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Dodge,] and the distinguished Sena-
tor from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] both have
had inserted in the bill a provision to prevent an
existing apprehension of any such difficulty; and
now not exceeding six hundred and forty acres
can be located by any one man within the same
township, under this bill. What, then, becomes
of the idea of giving to foreign capitalists the
control over the soil of the States? It exists not
in fact.
The Senator from Michigan brings before us
the opinion of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, who tells you that these warrants
could not be located over the present surface of
the surveyed public lands, and why? Because
this very bill, as it stands, is a restriction on the
sale of those land certificates in the market, and
confines the owner to the possession himself, and
offers a strong inducement to him to leave his
native home and settle within the limits of another
State.
What further argument is there? The Senator
called upon the representatives of the land States
to rally in opposition to this measure, to vote
against granting land to the.men, and their de-
scendants, whose blood, worth, and valor, put us
in possession of those States, now called the land
States, which you are occupying and enjoying.
Tlrly are to be denied this bounty, and why !
Because it will diminish the price of the public
lands, so as to stop money going into the Treas-
ury from their sale, and thus the land States wilt
lose their five per cent. fund. The Senator thinks
this will create sectional jealousy and irritation,
amounting almost to revolution. Cannot those of
us who vote for this appropriation of the public
lands say at once, especially to Michigan, " we
do not desire to injure you; your own represent-
ative voted for a homestead bill calculated to pro-
duce the same effect;" and why did he.do it?
He says to encourage population to go into the
State; to increase their prosperity by inv ting
people there. When we are doing the same thing,
and are also paying a debt of gratitude to the
revolutionary soldiers and their descendants, and
our soldiers in our other wars, the principle is
precisely the same.
But, sir, there is a still higher feeling about this
matter. Look at the grants to the land States.
Look at those to Michigan. At the last Congress
we appropriated, I think, seven hundred and fifty
thousand acres of public lands, to open her Sault
Ste. Marie canal, as a great public measure for
the public convenience, but decidedly for the in-
terest of the great and growing State of Michigan.
Other bills, three, I think, in number, my watch-
ful and distinguished friend, the elder Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass] has already upon the
table, for the advancement of his own Slate; and
I honor him for it. He does not wish to see the
public lands going to pay a debt of gratitude to
the common people who have fought the battles of
the Republic throughout the Union; but he wants
them for the State of Michigan, to open canals for
the prosperity of that individual State.
A further argument of my friend on this sub-
ject is, that this bill will affect the consciences of
gentlemen who vote for it; he cannot well see how
a conscientious Senator could reconcile himself to
vote for the bill, because he says it impairs the
land fund, and diminishes the value of the school
lands in the public land States. The only reply
I have to make to that is, that Congress has the
power to manage the public lands, and I have the
example of the Senator from Michigan, to give a
vote which will have no greater or different effect
from that which the homestead bill would have had.
Now, allow me to say a few words as to the
policy of this measure. I do not think I have
failed, from the time 1 havehad the honor of being
a member of Congress, to announce that I was
opposed to any d isposition of the public lands that
would not bring money into the Treasury—that I
wanted the proceeds of the sales of the public lands,
in the first instance, to defray the expenses of the
Government, and thereafter to diminish taxation
on the people generally throughout the United
States by reducing the tariff. That was a prop-
osition on which 1 stood for years. When the
process commenced in 1839-'40, of distributing
the public lands in a different way, and making
large appropriations to different States, and not to
the States in genera!, I changed my mind, and
came to the conclusion that the public lands
belonged to the States of this Union; that after the
payment of the debt created by the Revolution,
the public lands, under the various contracts by
which they were ceded to the General Govern-
ment, became the property of the people at large,
that if they were to be distributed without consid-
eration, they should go to the whole people; and
that the best mode to do so was by dividing the
proceeds of their sale annually among the States,
according to a ratio which should be adopted to
carry it out. That became a party question in
that day. I was in the minority. We failed to
have this distribution of the proceeds of the pub-
lic lands; and we have failed to the present hour.
Then came up the homestead bill, at a time
when the public mind was disquieted, when you
could hear in private and in public conversation
that the public lands were a source of immorality,
a source of speculation ajid of bad conduct gen-
erally, in relation to their disposition, not only by
outsiders but insiders; and that combinations
were being formed to promote internal improve-
ments in the new States, and deprive the old States
of any benefit at all out of the proceeds of the
