THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a question of
order. I desire to inquire if the gentleman from
Ohio, who makes the motion to reconsider, voted
in the affirmative upon ordering the.main question ?
The SPEAKER. There was no division of the
House upon that question.
The question was then taken; and the motion
decided in the negative—yeas 87, nays 104; as
follows:
Y32AS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Banks,
Benton, lilisa, ftristow, Bugg, Caruthers, Chamberlain,
Chrisman, Clark, Cook, Corwm, Cumming, Cutting, John
O. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dawson, DeWitt, Drum, East-
man, Eddy, Edgerton, Ellison, English, Etheridge, Ever-
liart, Farley, Florence, Gamble, Green, Greenwood, Grey,
Andrew J. Harlan, Harrison, Hendricks, Henn, Hughes,
Johneon, Knox, Lamb, Lane, Latham, Llndley, Lindsley,
McCulloch, McDougall, ftTaee, Macy, Matteson, John G.
Miller, Nichols, Noble, Norton, Olds, Mordecai Oliver,
Farker, Plielps, Ready, Kichardson, Riddle,David Ritchie,
Kobbms, Sabin, Sapp, Shannon, Samuel A. Smith, Sol-
lers, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Hestor
I/. Stevens, Straub, Andrew Stuart, John L. Taylor,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thm.ston, Tweed, Upham, Wal-
Imdge, Walker, Walley, Warren, Ellihu B. Washbume,
Weils, Westbrook, Yates, and Zolhcotf'er—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Abeierombie, Aiken, Appleton, Thomas
fl. Bayly, Barksdale, Bairy, Belchor, Bell, Bennett, Ben-
son, Boeock, Bovce,Breckinridge, Bridges. Brooks, Camp-
bell, Carpenter, Caskie, Chase, CJiahtam, Chngman, Cobb,
Colquitt, Cux, Ciaige, Crocker, Cullom, Dick, Dickinson,
2)isricy, Dunbar, Edmamls, Fanlkcr, Fenton, Flagler,
FiankJin, Fuller, Giddings, Goode, Goodwin, Grow, Ham-
ilton, Aaron Hailan, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Har-
ris, Hastings, Haven, Hibbard, Hillyer, Houston, Hunt, ln-
geisoll, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. GUncy
Joues, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kittredge, Kurtz,
Letcher, Lewis, Macdonald, McQueen, Maurice, Max-
well, May, Middleswarth, Million, Morgan, Morrison,
Murray, Andrew Oliver, Heck, Peckhaiu, Pennington,
Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Powell, Piatt, Pringle, Pur-
yuar, iieese, ltullin, Russell, Reward, Shaw, Shower,
Simmons, Singleton, William Smith, Willium R. Smith,
Georce W. Smyth,Stratton, John J. Taylor,Teller,Trout,
Vansant, Wade, Jtsrael Washburn, John Wentworth, Tap-
pan Wentworth, Witte, and Daniel B. Wnght—104.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The question recurred upon Mr. Campbell's
motion to reconsider the vote by which the main
question was ordered to be put.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to inquire whether,
if that vote is reconsidered, it will then be in older
to move to recommit the bill to a select committee ?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion,according to
the practice under the present occupant of the
Chair, will be in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I desire to inform
the House that I will submit a motion of that
kind if the vote is reconsidered.
Mr. WARREN. I desire to know whether, if
this motion prevails, it will then be in order to
amend the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The bill will then be in a
condition for amendment or commitment.
Mr. BOCOCK. Not until the vote is recon-
sidered by which the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed.
The SPEAKER. That is true.,
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 would ask whether a
motion to reconsider the vote on the engrossment
has not been submitted and laid upon the table?
Mr. McDOUGALL. It has not.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I think the Journal of
Saturday will show that fact. The motion was
submitted by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Davis.] .
The SPEAKER. And subsequently withdrawn
by him. No such vote was taken.
Mr. WARREN. I desire to ascertain whether
I understand the Chair correctly.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair will state the
exact effect of the motion. If the vote by which
the main question was ordered to be now put be
reconsidered, and the House should see proper
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time, it may
be committed, but only after the vote by which it
was ordered to ba engrossed has been reconsid-
23
TUESDAY, JANUARY 23, 1855.
New Series...*No, 32.
ered. Before that vote is taken, however, it may
be recommitted to the select committee under an
express rule, but it cannot be committed to a new
committee. That is the recollection of the Chair
with regard to -the rule. But the reconsideration
of the vote by which the bill was ordered to be
engrossed, will place it in a condition to be com-
mitted or recommitted.
Mr. WARREN. I would inquire further,
whether the time for making the motion to recon-
sider has not elapsed?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
The question was then taken on Mr. Camp-
bell's motion; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 105, nays 92; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Bark«lale, Harry, Belcher, Bell,
Bennett, Ben*on, Bocock, Boycc, Brcckmudge, Bridges,
Brooks Campbell, Carpenter, Caslde, Chase, Cbastain,
i Chngman, Cobb, Colquitt, Corwin, Cox, Craige, Crocker,
Cullom, Dick, Dickinson, Dunbar, Eastman, Faulkner,
Fenton, Flavor, Franklin, Puller, Uiddm^s, Goorte, Good-
win, Giow. Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Sampson W. Harris,
Wiley P. Hams, Haven, Hibbard, Hillyer, Houston, Hunt,
Tugersoll, Daniel T. Jones, Geor e W. Jones., J. Glancy
Jones, Roland J ones, Keitt, Kerr, Kid\veB,lCittredRe,Knrtz,
Letcher, Lewis, Maodonald, McQueen, Maurice, Max-
well, May, Middleswarth, Millson, Morgan, Moirison,
Murray, Andrew Oliver,Orr, Feck, Peekham, Pennington,
Bishop Perkins, John Perkins. Pratt, Fringe, Purvear,
Reese, "Ruftin, ftussell, Seward, Shaw, Shower, Simmons
Singleton, William Smith, William II. Smith, George W.
Smyth, Str.itton, Straub, John J. Taylor, Teller, Trout,
Vansant, Wade, WaUlt, Warren, Iprael Washburn, John
Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, Wittc, and
Wright—105.
NAYS—Messrs. James 0. Alien, Willis Allen, Apple-
ton, Ball, Bank4?, Benton, Bh«s, Bristow, Busk, Caruthers,
OhanibPilam, Clark, Cook, Cummin?, Cutting, John G.
Davi*, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Do Witt, Disney, Drum,
Dunham, Kddy, F.dgerton, Kdmands, JohnM, ftlhott, Elli-
son, English, Etheridge, Everhart, Farley, Florence,
(•amble, Goodrich, Green, Grccrfwood, Grey, AndtewJ.
Kailan, llarnson, Hendncks, Henn, Hughes, Johnson,
Knox, Lamb, Latham, Lindley, Lindsley, McCulloch,
MeDougall, Mace, Macy, Matteson, Mcncham, John G.
Milh'i, Smith Miller, Nichols Noble, Norton, Olds, Mor-
decai Oliver, Parkei, l'helps, Preston, lteady, Richardson,
David Hitehie, Robbing, I-owo, Sahin, Sapp, Shannon,
P.nnn< 1 A. iSnnth, trolley, Fiedeack P. Stanton,Richard II.
Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart,
John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Tweed,
Upham, Walbrulge, Waluer, Wallev, Ellihu 11. Wash-
bin ne, Wells, Westbrook, Yates, arid Jiolheollei—92.
So the vote by which the main question was
ordered to be put was reconsidered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 understand that it is now
in order to move to recommit the bill to the select
committee heretofore constituted.
The SPEAKER. Under rule 120 it is in order.
That rule is as follown:
" After commitment and report thereon to the House, or
at any time before it^ passage, a bill may be recommitted."
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, then, sir, I make
that motion; and, as it is debatable, I propose to
call the previous question in one moment. The
bill is evidently very imperfect. This House cer-
tainly has not had time to examine the vast
amount of information which has been reported
to it at an enormous expense, and yet I feel that it
is due to the select committee that the bill should
be recommitted to that committee instead of having
a new committee iaised. I therefore move that
the bill be recommitted to the select committee, and
upon that motion 1 demand the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman withdraw the demand for one moment to
allow me to ask a question?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will withdraw the motion
for the previous question, for the purpose of hear-
ing the gentleman's inquiry, retaining the floor
however.
Mr. WASHBURN. I would ask the gentle-
man to withdraw it sufficiently long to enable me
to move to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was ordered to be engrossed on Saturday, in order
that I may then move to amend the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I cannot withdraw the
previous question for any such purpose.
Mr. WASHBURN. Will the gentleman hear
me for a moment? If the vote on the engross-
ment should be reconsidered, my purpose would
then be to offer an amendment which is, substan-
tially, the substitute offered by the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Dunbar.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will say, Mr. Speaker,
in regard to this matter, that I think we have been
floundering about in the dark long enough for a
short session. It is time that we should send this
bill back to the committee in which it originated, in
order to have it perfected, and in order that we
may derive from the various reports- of the sur-
veys, the information so essential to correct legis-
lation. We all know that there are other very
important measures before Congress, and I do not
want this bill to clog the business of the session
any longer. * v '
Mr. RICHARDSON";"Twant to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio a question. Why not move to
lay the bill on the table ? It is very apparent that
the gentleman does not wish it to pass.
Mr. CAMPBELL. < Well, I do not wish to
give the bill a decisive blow of that kind. I am
for the great idea of a connection by railway be-
tween the Atlantic and the Pacific oceans.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I would ask the gentle-
man from Ohio whether he will amend his motion
so as to fix a day on which the committee shall
report as early as this week?
Mr. PRESTON. Say next Thursday, at
twelve o'clock.
Mr. McDOUG-ALL.- That will test the sincer-
ity of the gentleman.
Mr. BRNTON. I have a question of privilege,
sir, on behalf of the dead—the privileges of the
dead, sir. I wish to know whether that select
committee did not report in full, and whether it is
not functus officio ? This is a proposition to refer
the subject to the dead.
The "SPEAKER. The rule is very clear as to
the right to recommit, ordinarily. The select
committee of the last session having reported in
full, might, perhaps, be consideredcxtinct; but the
Chair feels authorized to receive a motion to re-
commit to that particular committee, and holds
such a motion to be in order. The Chair thinks
that if such a motion should prevail, the commit-
tee would, in that case, be still in existence. That
seems to be the fairest construction the Chair can
put upon the rules, in response to the question
raised by the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 do not suppose that the
inquiry of the gentleman from California [Mr.
McDougali.] was made.for the purpose of en-
deavoring to place me in a false position in rela-
tion to this measure. I will not accept such a
modification of my motion as he suggests, for the
reason that it would be utterly impossible for the
members of this House to examine in a week-—I
might almost say a month, if they discharge their
other duties—the various reports and $11 the in-
formation upon this subject, ,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] allow me one
question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. No, Mr. Speaker, no more
questions. I now move the previous question on
the proposition to recommit the bill to the select
committee of thirteen.
[Cries of "Question " Question !"]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Notwithstanding
the call for the previous question that has just been
made by the gentlman from Ohio, I suppose it is
in order to move to lay the whole subject on the
table.
The SPEAKER.?- It is in order to make such
motion.
Mr. TWEED. Although a friend of the bill,
Mr. Speaker, I move to lay the whole subject on
the table.
[Loud cries of " Question " Question !"
" Order !" Order 1"]
Mr. SEWARD. I should like to know the
effect of recommitting the bill to the select com-
mittee. Would they have the power of amend-
in0* it?
The SPEAKER. It can be amended by that
committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. And at what time, Mr.
Speaker, could that committee make their report?
The SPEAKER. The Chair must refer gen-
tlemen to the rules of the House, which are for
