854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
their guidance as well as for his. The question
is now on seconding the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. TWEED. I desire to know,Mr. Speaker,
what has become of my motion to lay the whole
subject on the table ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood that
the gentleman from New York had withdrawn his
motion.
Mr. TWEED. No, sir; I have not with-
drawn it.
The SPEAICER. Then the Chair asks the
gentleman's pardon. I have done my best to hear
what is said,and thought the gentleman had with-
drawn his motion. The question, then, is on the
motion submitted by the gentleman from New
York, to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. And on
that motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered—-twenty-
six gentlemen only rising in their seats.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I call for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were notordered.
Mr. TWEED. As I find I cannot get the yeas
and nays on my motion, I now withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. Then the question is on
seconding the demand for the previous question.
Mr. WARREN. I desire to know whether the
gentleman from Ohio would not accept a modifica-
tion of his motion ,90 as to instruct the select com-
mittee of thirteen to report to this House within
two or three days?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have already answered
a tike question a short while ago. I will not con-
sent to the proposed modification, for the reason
that the very object which I have in view would
be defeated thereby.
[Cries oflt Question !" " Question !")
Mr. HAMILTON. It would require a vote of
two thirds of the House to make tkat order, and
I object.
The question being on according the demand
for the previous question,
Mr. KERR asked for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The previous question was seconded—95 voting
in the affirmative, and 58 in the negative—and the
main question was ordered to be put, which was,
" Shall the bill be recommitted to the committee of
thirteen >,y
Mr. FLORENCE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken*, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 101, nays 105; as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Abereromhie.Thoman H. Bayly, Barks-
dale, Barry, BWeher, Bennett, Benson, Bocoek, Bridge-*,
Campbell, Carpenter, Cackle, Chandler, ('Ikw, Chngiunn,
Cobb, Colquitl, Convin, Craige Crocker, Culloiu, CuriiH,
Thomas Davis, Dick, Dunbar, Lni?h->h, Faulkner, F< nton,
Flagler, Franklin, Fuller, Giddtn^s, Gootle, Goodrich,Good*
win, Giow, humtlion, Aaron Harlan, Sampson VV. Ham<,
Wiley P. II uri<, Hastings, Haven, flthbard, Hillyer, II «us-
ton, Hunt, JngerHoil, Danul T. Jone-j, G-'Oi<*e \V Jones,
J. Glauev Jones, Roland Jones, Kent, JO ir, Kidvwll, Kit-
tredi5«", Kurtz, Leteher, Lowik, L\on, McQueen, Maurice,
Maxwell, May, Muldleswarth, Millson, Morgan, Morrison,
Murray, Andrew Oliver,Orr, Peek, Peekham, Pennington,
Bishop IVikmn, John Perkins, Phillip-!, Powell, Pnntrie,
ruryear, U  eset ltuflin, Russell, Sapp, Seward, Shaw,
Shower, Simmons, fchnqlcion, William South, William R.
8?r,nh, Stratum, John J. Taylor, Teller, Trout, Vanuatu,
W.ul/', VVuUh. Wheeler, Whip, and Daniel B, Wii"ht—
101.
«N'AYH—Mcshm. AiMjn, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Apploton, David J. Ba.'ey, Ball, Banks, Boll, Benton,
Bits-?, Boyce, U'eckinrifi^e, Bristow, Busy, Cariitheis,
ChambeiiaiiK Cht w;i)aii, Churehw* I!, ('lark, Cook, Cox,
Cuinumi", Cutting, John G. Ilavi-*, Dawson, I)e Witt,
Dickinson, Disney, Drum, Dunham, Eastman, ftddy, Kdg-
eriO'i,John M. Elliott, Ellison, Eiheridge, Everhart, l^ar-
ley, Klorencft, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Andrew J Har-
lan, Harrison, Hendricks, Bonn, Hughes. Johnson, Knox,
1/iunh, Lane, Latham, Lindley, Luidsley, McCulloch,
Macdonald, McDongall, Mace, Maey, M.itteson, John G.
Ru ler, Smith Miller, NichoH, Noble, Norton, Olds, Mor-
decai Oliver, Parker, Phelps Prat1, Preston, Heady, Rich-
ardson, David Ritehic, Thomas Ritchey, llohbins, Rowe,
Sabin, Simmon, Samuel A. Smith, George W, Smyth,
Boilers, Frederick P. {Stanton, Richard II Stanton, He-tor
jL. Stevens, Straub, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, Na-
thaniel G. Taylor, Thur-ton, Tweed, Upham, Walbndge,
Walker, VValJcy, Warren, Elhhu B Washburne, (arael
Washburn. Wells. John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth,
Westbrook, Hendiick B. Wright, Yatea, and Zolhcofler—
So the House refused to recommit the bill to the
Select committee of thirteen.
The question recurred on the passage of the bill.
Mr. WARREN. I move to reconsider the
Tote by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and 1 will state to the
House that I make this motion with a view of
offering an amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair must decide,
under the rule, that the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time cannot be in order, for the
reason that the House has, by its vote, determined
that the main question on the passage of the bill
shall now be put.
Mr. RICHARDSON. And the House has
reconsidered that vote.
The SPEAKER. That order of the House
was made on Saturday last. This morning, on
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Campbell,] the vote of the House of Saturday,
ordering the main question to be put upon the
passage of the bill, was reconsidered. After the
submission of the motion to recommit, on the de-
mand of the gentleman from Ohio, the House
again voted that the main question should be put.
The Chair is of opinion that the Kou.se cannot
reconsider the vote by which the main question
was ordered to be put more than once. That re-
consideration has been had. The House, there-
fore, having ordered the main question to be now
put, it is not in order to reconsider, or to amend,
or to recommit.
Mr. WARREN. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion. [Laughter.]
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I under-
stand that the motion 
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. 1 rise to a privi-
leged question.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Louisi-
ana will state his question of privilege.
Mr. WENTWORrn. I have risen to a ques-
tion of privilege, too. It is this: I understand that
the motion which has just failed to pass, was the
motion to recommit, i voted against recommit-
ting the bill, as 1 supposed we could go back and
reconsider the vote by which the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time. As the
Chair decides that cannot be done, I now move
to reconsider the vote by which the House has
just refused to recommit the bill.
[Cries of " Exactly !" " That is right!"]
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Illinois is in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. And on my motion to
reconsider I ask the yeas and miys. There are
several gentlemen who voted under the same im-
pression.
Mr. SOLLER3. Is it now in order to move to
lay the motion of the gentleman fr©m Illinois* on
the table?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order.
Mr. SOLLERS. Then I make that motion.
Mr. WAisUnURN, of Maine. And on that
I call for the yeas and naya.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
The SPEAKER. A motion has been mflde by
the gentleman from Illtncis, [Atr. Wintwortu,']
that the vote by v/lucli the House refused to re-
commit the bill be reconsidered; and the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr. Sollers] moves to lay
th- motion to reconsider on the table. The ques-
tion is on the latter motion.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 08, nays 103; as follows:
YEAS—Meffar* J tune* O. Allen, Wslhs Allen, Appleton,
( Hanks, Bell, Benton, Bli%s, I>ieekmridjx<', Brisunv, Bupr;$,
Caimhers, Chamberlain, Chre-nMn, Churihwell, Clark,
rook, Corivin, Co:., Cumin.n^ Cnttini?, John G. Davis,
"Dawson, Dickinson, Disnev, Drum, Dunham, Eastman,
Eddy, Udgerton, Joim M. Elliott, Elli-on, Enuhtli, Cther-
idsc, IJvcrhai t, Farlev, Florence. Green, Greenwood. Grey,
AndiewJ. Harlan, Darn-on, Henduoks, Hemi, Hu^hc^,
Johnson, Knox, Lamb, Latham, Lmdley, Lindsley, Me
Cnllueb, MeDougnll, Mace, Macv, Matteeon, Jolin G. Mil-
ler, Smith Miller, Ntelioh, Noble", Norton, Olds, Moideeai
Oliver, Parker, Phelp«, Preston, Ready, Richardson, David
Ritchie, Thomas Uitchey, Robbins, Rowe, Sabm, Shannon,
Samuel A. Smith, Boilers, Fiedertck P. Stanton, Richard
II. Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens, Straub. Andrew Stuart,
David Stuart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor,Thurs-
ton, Tweed, Upham, Walbridge, Walker, Wallc v. War-
ren, Ellihu B. Wa^hhnrno, Israel Washburn, Wells, Tap-
pan Went worth, Westbrook, Hendiick B. Wright, Yates,
and ZolijcofTer—98.
NAVs—Abercrombic, Aiken, David J. Bailey,
Thomas II, Havly, Ball, Barksdale. Carry, Belcher, Ben-
nett, Benson, Uocock, Uoyce, Bridges, Brooks, Campbell,
Carpenter, Ca*kie, Cha .e, Cha tain, Ctingman, Cobb, Col-
quirt, Craige, Cullom, Citrus, Thomas D<tv s, Dirk, Dun-
bar, FaiUkuer,Featoa, Flagler, Franklin, Fuller, Giddtngs, '
Goode, Goodrich, Goodwin, Grow, Hamilton, Anron Har-
lan, Sampson W. Harris, Halting!:, Haven, Hibbard, FfiII—
yer, Houston, Hunt, Ing rsoll, Daniel T. Jones, Geoni j W.
Joue-j, J. Glaney Jones, Roland Jones, Kem, K rr, Kui-
well, Ki'tredge, Kurtz, Letcher, Jvwis, Macdonald, Mc-
Queen, Maurice, Maxwell, May, Middleswarth, MUU-sn,
Morgan, Morrison, Murray, And-evv Oliver, Orr, Pf-ck,
Peckhatn, Pennington, Bisho|) perkius, John Perkins,
Phillips*, Powell, Ptinqtf', Puryear, Reese, Rogers, Ruffin,
iUissell, Sapp, Seward, Shaw, Shower, Simmons, Single-
ton, William Smith, George W. Smyth, Stratton, John J.
Taylor, Teller, Trc-u1, Vansant, Wade, Walsh, John
Wentworth, Wheeler, Witte, and Daniel B. Wright—103.
So the House refused to lay on the table the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the House
had refused to recommit the biif.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I now ask for the yeas
and nays on my motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBCJItN, of Maine. Would it be
in order now, Mr. Speaker, to move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be
engrossed ?
The SPEAKER. It would not.
The question was tnl<en*, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 100; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abereromhift, Aiken, David J. Bailey,
Thomas II. Bayly, BalK Barfcsdale, Barry, Rt Ichor, Ben-
nett, Benson, Bocoek, Boyce, Bridges, Brooks, Camp belt,
Carpenter, Caskie, Chase, C!ia«tain, Clin?man, Cobb,
Colquitt, Craige, Crocker, Cullom, CurtK Dtcfe. Durbar,
Fauikner. Fenton, Flagler, Franklin, Fuller, Guiding.*,
Good*1, Goodrich, Goodwin. Grow, Hamilton, Aaron Har-
lan, Sampson W. Ilarrh, Wiley P. Harris Hastings,
Haven, Hibbard, HillVPr, Houston, Hunt, Ingersoll, Daniel
T. Jones, Gvorge W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland
Jones, Kcitt, Kerr, Kidwell, Kittrcdge, Letcher, L^wis,
Lyon, Macdonald, McQueen, Manrice, Maxwell, Middle-
swarih, Millson, Morgan, Morrison, Murr*y, Andrew Olf-
ver, Orr, Peck, Peekliain, Pennington, Bishop Perkins,
John Peikms Phillips, Powell, Pringle, Puryear, Reese,
Rogers, Ruffin, Russell, Sapp, Seward, Shaw, Shower,
Simmons, Singleton, William Smith, George W. Smyth,
Htiauon, John".!. Tay'or, Teller, Trout, Vansant, Wade^
Wal-h,John Wentworth, Wheeler, Witte, and Daniel B.
Wright—103.
NAYS—Meeprs. Jame^ C. Allen, App'eton, Banks,
B^ll, Benton, Bliss, Bn ckmrtdgc, Bristow, Bug?, Caruth-
ers, Cfifimberlain, ChriMnan, Churchw H, Clark, Cook,
Corvvin, Cox, Cumnnng, Cutting, John G DavisyDawsot>,
1)" Wi t, Dickinson, Disney, Drum, Dunham, Eastman,
Eddy, Edgurton, Edmands, John M Hihott, Ellison. Eng-
lish, Cthtridge. Everhart, Farley, Florence, Green, Green-
wood, Grey, Andrew J. Harlan, Harrison, Hendricks,
Henri, Hughes, Johnson. Lamh, Lane, Latham, Lmdkv,
Lind^iey, McCJulloch, McDougall, Mace, Macv, John G.
Milh-r. Smith Miller, Nichols, Noble, Norton. Olds, Mor-
dt eai Oliver, Parker, Phelps, Pratt, Preston. It^ady, Rich-
ard-ton. David Ilitehie, 'J'homas Ritchey, Rohbins, Rowe,
Sabni, Shannon, Samuel A. Smith, Sutlers, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard II Stanton, Hector L Sievens, Straub,
Andrew S u.iri. David Stuart, John L. Tavlor, Na'hanitJ
G Taj lor, Thurston. Tweed. Upham. Walbn'dge. Walker,
Walley, Warien, Elhhu B. Washbume, Israel Washburn,
Well-, Tappan VYfiitworth, Westbrook, Hendiick C.
Wright, Yates., and ZolhcofFer—100.
So the vote by which the House had refused to
recommit the bill to the select committee of thir-
teen was reconsidered.
Mr. "WEN rWOtlTET. I now desire to move
to recommit this bill to the committee of thirteen,
with instructions to report back the three bills on
Thursday next.
Mr. HAMILTON. That is not in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Can we not instruct
i the committee when to report?
The SPEAKER. The House cannot instruct
the committee. It would require a suspension of
the rules to reach the object of the gentleman
from Illinois,
The question recurred on the motion to recom-
mit the otll.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, demanded the yeaa
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WENTWORTH. 1 desire to know, Mr.
Speaker, whether we cannot instruct the commit-
tee when to report ?
The SPEAKER. No.
Mr. HAVEN. Is this an unqualified vote to
recommit the bill to the committee of thirteen ?
The SPEAKER. It is an unqualified vote to
recommtt the bill to the committee of thirteen,
which committee, the Chair holds, is in existence
forall purposesconneeted with this particular bill.
The question was taken; and there were—vea3
103, nays 103; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrornbie, Aiken, David J. Bailey.
Thomas H. Bayly, Ball, Baikniale, Barry, U< Icher, Ben-
nett, bt'dson, Boeoc k, Boyce, Bndcres, Crook-*, CamnbelL
Carpenter, Caskie, Chase, Oha^tam, Clinirman, Cobb, Col-
quitt, Craise, Crocker, Cullom, dims, Dirfc, Du'ibar. East-
man, Faulkner, Feinou, F.a«t-r, Franklin, Fulleui.id-
ding;?, Coode, Goodrich, Goodwi->,Grow, Hamiln-e, Aaron.
Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Hastings,
