1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
Ilaver), Hibhard, IIiHycr, Houston, Hunt, IngfflrsoH, Daniel
T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland
Jon^s, K>rr, Kidwell, Kittredge, Kuitz, Lefclier, Lewis,
Lyon, Maedotiald, McQueen, Maurice, May, Mtddle-
svvarth, MiUson, Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Andrew Oli-
ver, Orr, Peck, Peckham, Pennin«ton, Bishop Perkins.
John Perkins, Powell, Pi ingle, Puryear, Reese, Rogers,
Rutin i, Russell, Sapp, Shaw, Showt-r, Simmons Single-
ton, William Smith, William R. Smith,George W. Smyth,
Stratum, John J. Tavior, Trout, Vansant, Wade, Wateh,
John W t iworth, Wheeler, Witte, Daniel W. Wright,
and Hendr«ek fi Wright—103.
NA YS—Me^rs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Appleton,
Banks Bell, Benton, Bliss, Breckinridge, ftristow, Bugg,
Carutliern, Chamberlain, Chri&man, Churchwell, Clark,
Cook,Co win, Cox, Camming. Cutting, John G Davis,
Til mas Davis, Dawson, De Witt, Dickinson, Disney,
Drum, Dunham, Eddv, Edgerton, Edmand*, John M. Elli
ott Ellison, English, Eiheridge, Everbart, Farley, Florence,
Gamble, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Andrew J Ha'lan. Har-
rison, Hendricks, Henn, Hughes, Johnson, Keitt Knox,
Lamb, Lane, Latham, Lindley, Lindsley, McCulloch, Mc-
Dougali, Mace, Macy, Matteson, Maxwell, John G. Miller,
Smith Miller, Nichols, Noble, Norton, Old*, Mord'-cai Oli-
ver, Parker, Phelps, Pratt, Preston, Ready, Richardson,
David Ritchie, Thomas Ritchey, bobbins, Rowe, t-'abin,
Seward, Shannon, Samuel A. Smith, Sollcrs, Frederick P.
St nton, Ilichard H. Stanton, HestorL. Stevens, Andrew
Stuart, David Stuart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Tay-
lor, Thurston, Tweed, Upharn, Walbridce, Walker, Wal-
Jey, Warren, Elhhu B. Waehhurne, Israel Washburn,
Wells, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, Yates, and Zolli-
coffer—103. «
The Chair voting in the negative, the House
refused to recommit the bill to the committee of
thirteen.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to ask the Chair if
a motion to reconsider the vote by which the
House refused, on Saturday, to commit the bill to
a select committee, will be in order?
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order, for
the reason that the bill is not in a stage for com-
mitment.
Mr. MILLSON. I presumed that would be
the reply of the Speaker. I then aslt if it would
be in order to submit a motion to reconsider the
vote by which the House ordered the bill to a third
reading and engrossment oil Saturday, and then
to get it into a condition by which the bill may
be again committed to a select committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already stated
this morning, that a vote of the House ordering
the main question to be put cannot be reconsid-
ered more than once. The main question was
ordered upon the passage of the bill on Saturday,
reconsidered again, and reordered to-day by the
House. The Chair thinks that, under the rules,
it cannot be reconsidered a second time; unless
that order of the House can be removed, it is im-
possible, in the opinion of the Chair, under the
rules, to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
ordered to a third reading.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the Chair allow me to
make a suggestion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be pleased
to hear the g-entlernan. .
Mr. MILLSON. I remember that the Chair
expressed the opinion this morning, that it was
not competent a second time to move to reconsider
the vote by which the main question was ordered
to be put. Ponly wish to suggest to the Chair
that the House will not be reconsidering the same
question a second time, for the main question on
Saturday was a question as to the passage of the
bill.
The SPEAKER. Alone?
Mr. MILLSON. Alone; whereas to-day there
was another question interposed, and that was the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, to refer the bill
to a select committee. The questions, therefore,
are not the same; and if the Chair will oblige me
by hearing a single suggestion further,! wil state
that even upon the broad ground, which I do not
think exists here, of the capacity of the House to
reconsider the last vote which they may have
taken, in a question involving even more interest
and importance than the bill before the House-—
the passage of the celebrated compromise act of
1850 when the Speaker decided that it was not
competent for the House to reconsider the ques-
tion a second time, I felt mys-lf constrained,
although violently opposed to the bill, and m favor
of the results of the Speaker's decision, to appeat
from that decision, and I voted to reverse it. I do
not think the Chair will see that that question is ||
necessarily presented to-day; but the intrusion or i|
the moiion of the gentieman from Ohio [Mr. i
' Campbell] puts this question in an entirely dif-
ferent condition. If the Chair should decide that
it does not, with great deference to the superior
knowledge of the Chairin the rules of the House,
I shall feel constrained again to submit the ques-
tion for the decision of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot change
his decision. OA Saturday the House ordered the
main question to be put upon the passage of the
bill. This morning the House reconsidered the
vote by which the main question was ordered to
be put on Saturday, which places the House in a
condition, if it chooses so to do, to have consid-
ered the question by which the bill was ordered to
a third reading. The House did not choose to
do that, and, upon a motion submitted to recom-
mit the b.ll, the main question was again ordered;
which covered the vote upon the passage of the
bill as well as the motion to commit. The House
refuses to recommit the bill; which brings the
House'precisely to the condition in which it found
itself this morning, when it reconsidered the vote
ordering the main question. The question is pre-
cisely in the same condition, and the Chair, with
his present understanding of the rules, cannot
change his opinion that it is incompetent for the
House to reconsider the second time the vote by
which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read the third time.
Mr. MILLSON. On Saturday the main ques-
tion was ordered; that is to say, the House determ- [
ined that the question on the passage of the bill
should be put. To-day the main question is
ordered; that is to say 
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask whether this debate
is in order ? I object to the gentleman's proceed-
ing.
'The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Millson] is called to order, and the
Chan- must slate that debate is not in order, the
main question having bepn ordered to be put.
The Chair hopes to be indulged in presenting a
case. Suppose a bill is ordered to be engrossed;
the House reconsider the engrossment, amend the
bill, and then engross it. Can you reconsider the
ensrossment a second time?
Mr. MILLSON. I think so.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, does not, and
therefore, as the Chair understands, the gentleman
from Virginia appeals from the decision of the
Chair. . , , .
Mr. MILLSON. Believing that the Chair is
in error in the decision which he has made, I
respectfully appeal from that decision.
Mr. ORR. I move to lay the appeal of the
gentleman from Virginia upon the table. We can
never end legislation, if we can reconsider a vote
half a dozen times.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs leave to
remark, as there seems to be some interest upon this
particular voie, that he does not intend to commit
himself as in favor of the bill by voting against its
commitment, as he is opposed to the bill.
Mr. WALSH. I rise to an important question
of order, whether it is proper, when the previous
question has been put and sustained, for the
Speaker to deliver his sentiments upon the sub-
ject? [Laughter.]
' TheSPEAKER. Thequestion is out of order,
because it comes too late. [Laughter,]
Mr. WALSH. Is it not well taken >
TheSPEAKER. Most certainly. [Laughter.]
Mr. CRAiGE. I believe we have a standing
rule which prevents members from going to the
Clerk's desk when a vote is being taken.
The SPEAKER. It is in violation of the rules
for members to go to the Clerk's desk during the
call of the yeas and nays. The Chair hopes that
gentlemen will remember this rule andobey it.
Mr. MILLSON. As some of my friends prefer
to present the question of order I have submitted
when there is more probability of obtaining a vote
upon it free from the bias operating upon the
present occasion, I will withdraw my appeal.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. McDOUGALL demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
Mr. WALSH. I wish to call the attention of
the Speaker to the fact, that members are in the
lilt; opeanci iv tawf ~ -
habit of going to the Clerk's desk when a vote is
being taken. I now give due notice, that the first
gentleman that I catch there,! shall call the atten-
tion of the House to the fact.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would be pleased
to have the aid of the gentleman from New York
in enforcing the rules.
The question was then taken upon the passage
of the bill; and there were—yeas 109, nays 97; as
fo'lows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Apple-
ton, Ball, Banks, Bennett, Benson, Benton, Bli -s. Brisiuw,
Bugg,Campbell, Caruihers, Chamberlain, Chandler, Cnris-
inaii, Clark. Cook, Cox, Cullom, Cumining, Culling. John
G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dawson, De Win, Dick, Dick-
inson, Disney, Drum, Dunham, Eddy, Edgerton,Edwards,
JohiiM Elliott, Ellison, English, Ethenrige, Everhart, Far-
ley, i lortnee, Gamble, Goodrich,Goodwin, Green, Green-
wood, Grey, Andrew J. Ilarlan, Harrison, Hendricks,
Henn, Hughes, Johnson, Knox, Lamb, Latham. Lmdley,
Lindfrley, Lyon, McCulloch, McPougall,Macy,Matte*on,
Middleswanh, John G. Miller, Smith Mill-r, Noble, Nor-
ton, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Paiker, Phelps, Ready Rich-
ardson, Riddle, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritchey, Uobbins,
Rowe, Rusm'II, Sabin, Sapp, Shannon, Samuel A. Smi h,
SolU rs, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H Stanton, Ilcstor
L. Stevens-, Siraub, Andrew Smart, David Stuart, JohnL.
Taylor, Nathaniel G Taylor, Teller, Thur«?ion, '1 weed,
1 Upbam, Wail.ridge, Walker, Walley, Warren. Elhhu B.
Wa-hbuwe, Israel Washburn, Wells, John Wentworih,
Tappan Wentworih, Westbrook, Yatts, and Zoliicofrer—
109.
' NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, David J. Bailey,
i Thomas H. Bayly, Barksdale, Belther, Bell, Bpcoek,
Boyee, Breckinridge, Bridges, Brooks, Carpenter, Casliie,
! Chase, Cbastain,CIineman, Cobb, Colquitt, Craigr, Crock-
! er, Cu tis, Dunbar, Easlman, Faulkner, Fenton, Flagler,
! Franklin. Fuller, Giddings.Goode, Grow, Hamilton, Aaron
I Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Wilev P. Harris, Uasiings,
1 Haven, Uibbnrd, Itillytr, Houston, Hunt, li,scn>o!l, Darnel
I T.-Jones George VV. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland
Jones, Kent. Kerr, Kidwell, Kittredge, Letcher, Lewis,
Maedouald, Mcttueen, Maurice, Maxwell, May, Millson,
1 Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Orr,
i Peek, Peckham, Pennington, Bishop Perkins, John I ei-
i kins, I'tiillips, Powell, Pratt, Tringle, Puryear, Heese,
! Koners, Puffin, Reward, Shaw, Shower, Simmons, feio-
! eleTon, William Smith, William it. Smith, Georso W.
i Sinyih, Snntion, John J. Ta>lor, Trout, Vansanl, Vv arte,
1 WaMi, Wheeler, Witte, Damtl B. Wright, and Hendriek
B. Wright—97.
So the bill was passed.
Pendino the call of the yeas and nays,
Mr. CORWIN said: 1 have paired off with Mr.
McMdlun upon this question. He would not
vote for the bill in any situation; I am in favor of
the bill, and had I not paired off, I should vote
for it.
Mr. MACE, also, said: I desire to withdraw
my vote, and to state the reasons for so doing.
On Saturday I agreed to pair off with Mr. Ed-
mundson, of Virginia. He stated to me that he
should probably leave the city, but was not cer-
tain that he should go, and, at the same time, said,
if he went he would drop me a line informing me
of the fact. I have received no such note, but
am now informed by a gentleman from North
Carolina, that Mr. Edmundson desires to pair off
with me. I therefore ask permission to withdraw
my vote.
Mr. BOCOCIi. I would inquire" of the gentle-
man whether he did not, a few moments ago, vote
upon a motion to recommit this bill to the com-
mittee of thirteen ?
Mr. MACE. I did.
Mr. BOCOCK. Then I ask him whether he
ought not to withdraw that vote, also ?
Mr. MACE. I was not informed, until a mo-
ment ago, of the wish of Mr. Edmundson. I
was ignorant of it at the time I voted.
The SPEAKER. Unless objection is made,
the gentleman will be permitted to withdraw his
vote.
Mr. WALSH. I object to the withdrawal.
Mr. MACE. I des'ire to have this matter
placed right upon the record. 1 did not know
of the wishes of Mr. Edmundson until this mo-
ment.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. The gentleman
can correct his vote by a moiion to reconsider.
Mr. WALSH. The gentleman can better cor-
rect it by changing his vote.
Mr. PRATT, also, said: While I wish to avoid
all votes to kill the bill by indirection, at the
same time 1 am against the passage of the bill,
and therefove vote No.
Mr. HILL said: I was not within the bar when
my name was called. Had 1 been in my place,
I should have voted No.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. As the vote upon
the motion to recommit was lost by the mistake
of a vote, I hope the House will not lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. BRIDGES. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas gfid nays were ordered.
