1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
859
United States," shall be entitled to take land under
that bill. Therefore, a man must have resided m
th>s country, if of foreign birth, five years before
he could be entitled to take land under tht*t bill.
The idea that paupers were to come here, and re-
mam five years, without anything to live on, until
they could become citizens of the United States,
the Senator will see, is without any foundation.
He is to'ally mistaken in that.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 would ask is that the home-
stead bill?
Mr STUART. That is the bill as it passed
the House and was reported to the Senate.
Mr. DAWSON. Last year?
Mr. STUART. At the last session. There
is another particular in which the honorable Sen-
ator is mistaken. He says that in the first place
the effect of this bill upon the land States will not
be such as f contended; but in the next place if
it be so, and my constituents shall find fault with
him and other Senators for voting for this bill, he
can point them to the fact that 1 set the example
by voting for a homestead bill which would have
produced the same effect. The Senator is mis-
taken in that, i have shown him that that bill
could have produced no such effect. But, sir, I
must say to the honorable Senator that I never
vored for it. lie is mistaken, therefore, again. I
never voted for that bill or for any other home-
stead bill. The question in the Senate was, as 1
said, upon the substitution of the bill of the Sen-
ator from Virginia, and i voted for that.
The Senator said that the effect of this bill and
the effect of the homestead bill must be similar
upon the land States, and upon the lands reserved
to those States for educational purposes. Now,
sir, I will attempt to show that the Senator is mis-
taken there also. Let us take a practical illus-
tration. We will suppose that under the home-
stead bill, which gave away land without price,
settlers surround the school sections in the State
of Michigan, and cultivate the soil for five years,
which is the only mode in which they could .get it
under that bill. By that very act, they elevate
the value of the school sections four-fold. The
moment you surround an uncultivated section of
land with quarter section cultivations in farms,
you have elevated the price of that section of land
four-fold.
Now, sir, under this bill there is no necessity
for settlement. This bill does not propose to give
lands to those who go and occupy them; but it
proposes to put into the market about one hundred
and sixty-seven million acres in the shape of land
Ecrip to be bought up by anybody, and held by
anybody, unnl they see fit to locate. If they
locate, it must be in large quantities, because it
will be seen that the amendment which has been
offered and adopted, furnishes no protection at all
to the States so far as residence is concerned; it
only requires that individuals shall not locate in a
township more than a section of land. Ic is evi-
dent, therefore, I think, that the Senator is mis-
taken in his conclusion upon that subject.
The Senator speaks of the very great donations
of public lands which have been made to the new
States. Fifty-two million acres is all that hod been
granted to them up to 18.53; and of this fifty-two
million about twenty-five million were for bounty
lands. For educational purposes there had been
donated eleven million one hundred and ninety-
nine thousand nine hundred end seventy-three
ac-es, for internal improvements sixteen million
six hundred and seven thousand and thirteen
acres, and for bounty lands twenty-four million
eight hundred and forty-one thousand nine hun-
dred and. eighty. Then only about twenty-five
million acres of the public lands have actually been
granted to the new States.
The Senator referred to the appropriation of
land which was made for the St. Mary's canal,
connecting the waters of Lr,ke Superior with the
lower lakes. If I am not mistaken, the Senator
did not vote for that grant. In fact, I believe he
is opposed to all grants to the new States for
railroads or other purposes; and he only justifies
himself for his change of position, by saying that
the lands are to go at any rate, but his opinion
remains the same. Sir, the honorable Senator is
not the first individual who has gone from one j
extreme to the other. He has maintained, for j
years, opposition to all these grattts, and main- I
tained, as he says, the doctrine of distribution j
among the States; he has left that position now, '
and goes for the quickest possible squandering of
the public lands. Certainly that is as untenable
as his former position. The grant of land for the
St. Mary's canal is vastly more beneficial to Ohio,
Pennsylvania, and New York, than to Michigan.
Itis beneficial to Michigan, I grant; but that was
not the ground on which the grant was made by
Congress, it was based upon the ground that
it was a benefit to the nation at large, to the
whole United States; that Lake Superior, like the
other great northwestern lakes, was a border
water, and that the defense of thecountry required
that there should be access between that lake and
the lakes below. Upon that ground the grant is
tenable. The State of Michigan was made the
mere agent to expend the fund arising from the
sale of the land, deriving no benefit, except the
incidental benefit which she derived in common
with all the United States. But, sir, how the
Senator finds, in that donation of the public lands,
any such principle as the one which I contended
against in this bill, I confess myself entirely
unable to discover.
The Senator certainly made some pretty strong
remarks. He said that my argument was like a
sieve; it would not hold water anywhere. Sir, it
has long ago been ascertained, that assertion will
not do as a substitute for facts. Nor nre assump-
tion and denunciation any good substitutes for
reason and logic. I did show, what the Senator
admitted, the destruction to the financial afiairs of
the Union, growin? out of the squandering of all
the lands lying within the borders of the organized
land States, excluding California. The Senator
admitted this; but answered that they were to go
at any rate. I have shown that that is not so, if
the opinion of the present Congress is to be taken
as the guide. I showed the effect upon the land
States. The Senator admitted it, but said the same
effect was to happen because a homestead bill was
to pass. That, too, is contradicted by the action
of both Houses of the present Congress. The
Senator said that I voted for the homestead bill.
That, also, is a mistake, for I never voted for one
at all. The Senator stated that the homestead bill,
as passed by the House and sent here, was an
invitation to foreigners. An inspection of it shows
that none but citizens could take land under it.
In that he is mistaken.
Now, sir, I shall not undertake to say of the
Senator's argument, rs he did of mine, that it
will not hold water; but I shall ask him to ex-
amine this subject a little more maturely, and to
answer for himself—I say it with great respect
for him as a personal friend—whether he has not
fallen into some slight errors m the course of this
debate. The first one with which lie started was,
that 1 myself had moved to strike out "minor"
from the bill, j corrected the Senator by an in-
terruption at the time; but seeing that that course
of correction would he very difficult, and might
interrupt him improperly, 1 let it go; but I correct
him now.
I have only one suggestion to make to the Sen-
ator. I never intended to charge him, as he
seemed to think I did, with hostility to foreigners.
1 recollectcd that the Senator had said a good deal
about them, from time to time, m the discussion of
the homestead and other measures. He says he
never voted against the ri^ht of foreigners to buy
land. 1 presume that is so; and I presume it is
true of every other gentleman in Congress; but
so far as the Senator's language has been con-
cerned, he will concede that he has sought to
establish some discrimination. So far as his vote
went upon the Nebraska and Kansas bill, he voted
for the motion of the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Clayton,] to take from the residents there,
who were not citizens, the right to participate in
organizing the territorial governments. In the
language of the Senator, he has discriminated
against them; so far as that act is indicative, he
has discriminated against them by his votes; but
if he will show me, or state that, at anytime, he
has voted to place foreign-born citizens—I will
not say those who have declared an intention to
become citizens, but those who are foreign-born,
and have become citizens under our naturalization
laws—on an equal footing with native born citi-
zens, or if he says he is in favor of it now, then
I shall certainly yield that point; but upon every
other, I think the honorable Senator will see,
upon a revision, that he certainly was slightly mis-
taken as to the facts. !
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, it was far
from my intention, yesterday, to be the least de-
nunciatory. It is not my habit, manner, or feel'
ing; and I beg the Senator to understand that there
was not the least personal feeling in the matter, or
the least disposition to interfere with hia argu-
ment.
Mr. STUART. I have no doubt of it, sir.
Mr. DAWSON. When I used the words
which 1 did,-in the warmth of debate, that his
argument would not hold water, that it was like a
sieve, I meant to refer to what he said in favor of
the homestead bill. If his argument in favor of
the homestead bill was good, the lastone he made
against this bill was bad^ for the two cannot stand"
together.
Now, sir, in relation to the supposed errors
which I have committed. I have not seen, until
this moment, a single word of the observations
which I made yesterday. But a few minutes ago
I commenced to read my remarks of yesterday as
taken down by the stenographer; and I have just
reached this point, which 1 will read from the
report of what I said yesterday:
" But now I will ask the Senator whether be was not a
warm advocate of the homestead bill, which invited any
man within the United States, or within the limits of the
world, who would come here and declare his intention to
become a citizen, to go and settle upon thu public lands,
and if he remained there for live years, that he should hava
one hundred and fcixty acres, without fee or emolument?
" Mr. Stuart. Certainly I was."
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir. The Senator of
course does not'understand me as committing my-
self to such a homestead bill as he had there des-
cribed, because he was talking, he will admit
himself, about the homestead bill of the last
session.
Mr. DAWSON. Then the Senator certainly
announced that he was in favor of such a proposi-
tion when I propounded the interrogatory to him
concerning it. Take him then on the homestead
bill of the last session. He announces as one of
my mistakes of yesterday, that the homestead bill
of the last session was confined to citizens of the
United States. Now, my friend, (I shall continue
to call him so,) is greatly mistaken as to the bill
itself. He has forgotten the sixth section of that
bill. The first section says " citizens of the United
States," but the sixth section of that bill is in these
words:
Src. 6. And be itfurther enacted. That if any individual
now a resident of any one of the States or Territories, and
not a citizen of the United States, but, at the time of making
sueli application for the benefit of this act, shall have filed
a declaration of intention as required by the natuialization
laws of the United Stales, and shall become a citizen of
the same before the issuance of the patent, as made and
provided for in thl1; act, shall be placed upon an equal foot-
ing with the native-born citizen of the United States."
That is the point to which my argument was
directed; nnd that is the point on which the inter-
rogatory was propounded yesterday, and I bejieve
I made no mistake upon that point.
The other arguments which the Senator begs me
to review are upon the question of expense, and the
eflect of the bill on the finances of the country. My
whole position yesterday was founded on the fact
that the public lands, in my judgment, were to be
regarded no longer as a source of revenue. I
announced that whether the homestead bill or this
bill should pass during this session, 1 looked upon
the lands as in the train going on to be given
away; or, in other words, to be used up for other
purposes than to have the proceeds go into the
Treasury. Hence it was that I argued in favor
of this proposition against the homestead bill; and
my reply to the Senator was, that the same argu-
ment which he used against this bill, would be
applicable against the homestead bill.
1 do not see that there is any other suggestion
of the Senator which needs areply. I am unwill-
ing to continue this discussion any longer upon
points merely of personal mistake, or of individual
misapprehension. I shall content myself with
stating the ground oh which my remark^ of yes-
terday were based.
I support this bill, as I stated yesterday, as an
alternative proposition to the homestead bill,
which is founded on the principle of giving a
tract of one hundred and sixty acres of public
land, without fee or reward, to any mati who will
go from any part of the United States and settle
on it, and also to any man from Europe, after de-
claring his intention to become a citizen and living
on the land for five years. I suppose the Words
