362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
There is another objection, sir, to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from South Carolina,
ami it is that the widows for whom he proposes
to provide already receive pensions under exist-
ing iaws. Those receive pensions who were
married half a century after ihe Revolution. You
cannot in a general hill provide for every class of
persons who have been engaged in the military
service; and the question is, whether, by attempt-
ing to get too much, you may not lose ail. I
tlnnk the friends of the bill had better stand by
it as it is, without introducing pension provisions,
without going back into the Revoluion, and at-
tempting to provide more liberally for those who
are already provided for. Why,sir, the Commis-
sioner of Pensions reports that there are but about
a thousand on the pension roll who were engaged
in thellevolution; they receive pensions. Before
this law can be signed and carried into effect, three
fourths of them will be in their graves, perhaps
all of them. So, too, with the widows who lived
with them during the lime of the Revolution.
Why, therefore, embarrass this bill by introdu-
cing their names, or attempting a provision for
them ?
I do not wish to prolong debate on this subject.
I hopeeomegentleman will move a reconsideration
of the vote on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from California, so that we may take the yeas
and nays upon it.
Mr BUTLER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Pennsylvania says rhat the widows of revo-
lutionary s jldiers have already been provided for.
They have never been piovi.led for, sir; all that has
been bestowed upon them has been an inadequate
provision; but let me say to that Senator, that I
myself know venerable widows, now living in the
State of South Carolina—not many, I only know
three—venerable relicts of revolutionary soldiers,
who, to this day, have never received one cent in
virtue of their marriage, and for the reason that
the revolutionary soldier was required to perform
six months' service, or his widow could get nothing
under the pension laws. They have been ex-
cluded; and does the gentleman tell me that this
amendment, providing for the few surviving
widows of revolutionary soldiers, will at nil inter-
fere with the passage of the bill > Sir, I, at least,
will be reconciled to it by the fact that I can, by
a provision of this kind, make an expression of
my gratitude, if nothing else, to them, if a dis-
crimination is made in favor of the widows and
children of the soldiers of the war of 1812, many
of whom now live to take care of themselves, I
will vote against the bill, because it contains so
many who are able to provide for themselves, and
excludes the venerable relicts of revolutionary
heroes.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I assure my
friend from Pennsylvania that I am as sincerely
desirous of the passage of this bill as he is, or any
other gentleman upon this floor; but I think my
friend exacts rather too much of us when he
insists that we shall take the bill just in the form
in which he thinks it is best. Upon that subject,
with all possible respect for him, he must allow
me to claim for myself, and other members of this
body, the right of consulting our own judgments.
He thinks his substitute is in the best possible
form. I do not. Ele thinks he has embraced
every class which it is prop* r to provide for in
this bill. I entertain a different opinion; many
other Senators entertain a different opinion. He
thinks chat putting in the proposed clauses will
jeopard the passage of the bill. We think other-
wise. Now, upon all these questions, as well as
upon every other, each gentleman must determine
for himself.
Permit me to say, also, to my friend from Penn-
sylvania, that I think he has misunderstood
the purport of the vote by which his substitute
was adopted. I think the state of the case upon
the subject is this; The Senate had voted against
my friend from Pennsylvania so often, in (tutting
amendments upon his original bill against his de-
cided and earnest protest, that, when the question
came up on adopting his substitute, if the Senate
had not voted it in, he might have been led to in-
fer that there was some personal feeling in voting
against him all the time. [Laughter.] Well, now,
sir, the Senate have vo'ed in his substitute; but
the Senate have not changed ths opinion under
which they put the amendments upon the original
bill; tuid, therefore, having gratified him by
striking out the original bill, as we had amended
if, and putting in hts substitute, which is substan-
tially the original bill as he intioduced it, we are
under the necessity, in order to carry out our
views, to put upon the substitute ingrafted into
the bill the very amendments which were in the
matter stricken out of the bill; because in no other
way can we reconcile our de&ire to gratify him
with our fixed conviction that our public duty
requires us to enlarge the provisions of the bill.
Now, sir, a word as to the pending amendment,
the proposition of my friend from South Carolina,
to make a small provision for the widows and
orphans of revolutionary officers and soldiers.
What possible objection can any man, living upon
American soil,and inheriting and enjoying at this
day the blessings achieved for us by the valor of
our revolutionary sires, have to interposing this
provision ? Why, theSenator from Pennsylvania
says there are lew of them. The Senator says
that, before this bill can be signed, and have the
force of law, nearly all of those who now remain
will have sunk into the grave. Then surely there
can be no objection in any man's mind, on account
of the amount which will pass to the class of per-
sons whom my friend from South Carolina designs
to provide for. For my own part, sir, if 1 can
do anything here or elsewhere," by which I can
testily the sense which I entertain of the services
rendered by that gallant band of men in our rev-
olutionary conflict; if 1 can, by a vote upon this
bill, minister anything to comfort the declining
years of a single surviving widow or orphan of
those who fought for us in that great struggle, 1
shall do it with pleasure; and 1 wish to Heaven,
sir, that there were thousands left to enjoy this
benefaction from their country, and to whose
hearts we might communicate a sense of gladness,
not only springing from the relief of wants in their
declining years, but a tar higher and holier feeling
of satisfaction from the conviction it will impress
upon their minds, that their husbands and fathers
have not been forgotten by their country. Sir, I
shall vote for the amendment with exceeding cheer-
fulness.
Mr. DRODHEAD. I ask for the yeaa and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNrtCR. Mr. President, I have been
instructed by the Legislature of my State to vote
for a bounty land bill for the soldiers of the war
of 1812, and for their widows and minor children.
For such a bill I am anxious to vote, in order to
carry out the wishes of my State. But, sir, if we
come to add to tins bi,l provisions materially in-
terfering with our pension Rystem,we shall not
only be doing what, m my humble judgment, we
are not prepared now to do with the information
before us, but we shall certainly jeopardize the
passage of the bill in the Hou.se of Represent-
atives, even if it should go through this body.
1 rose to say that. 1 was opposed to the addi-
tion made by the amendment of the Senator from
California, because I thought that it was impoli-
tic and improper to mingle the general subject
of pensions with that of bounties. This was
intended as a bounty land bill. It was not
designeJ, 1 presume, when it was offered, to inter-
fere with the general subjectof the pension system
of the country. 1 think that, when that subject
is taken up, it ought to be thoroughly examined,
and changes ought not to be made in it until after
we have carefully considered their consequences.
Do we know theconsequenceof meddling with the
prese u system generally? Is it a system which
has proceeded so slowly and increased so lightly,
that we should be anxious to seize every oppor-
tunity to enlarge it? I believe that if we look
into its history we shall find that the appropria-
tions for pensions increase faster in time of peace
than they do in time of war.
Sir, in connection with that system there are
provisions which are necessary in order to secure
the Government against fraud. When the Secre-
tary of the Interior suggested them, and they were
sent here, and an effort was made to incorporate
such provisions in one of the general appropria- !
tion bills, the attempt was jesisted; and we were i
told that, perhaps, we should have some general j
provision in order to guard against those evils. '
If we are to raise the pension system generally, '
we ought also to provide the proper checks; and 1 ■
must say, that, if we raise the pensions of invalids, I
I do not see why the motion of my friend from j
South Carolina is not quite proper. It seems to
me that, if we take up one branch, justice will
require us to go on through the several classes to
whom pensions are allowed, who are all merifo-
rious. If it is right on the ground (hat the value
of money has changed, that reason applies as
much to one class as another. Now, sir, are we
ready to go into this; and can any man tell me the
effect of this proposition, if we should put it upon
the bill ? h is, if 1 understand it, to raise the pen-
sions granted to revolutionary widows twenty per
centum.
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir; only to give them
bounty lands.
Mr. HUNTER. Only to give the widows
bounty lands ?
Mr. BUTLER. That is all.
Mr. HUNTER, if that be the amendment, it
is much more appropriate and germane to the bill
than the one which was offered by the Senator
from California, and which was adopted. I
thought this was a proposition to increase their
pensions. Certainly they are as much entitled to
an increase of pensions as the other class.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish it to be distinctly un-
derstood that I want to put the'venerable widows
of the officers and soldiers of the Revolution on a
footing with the widows of the officers and sol-
diers of the war of 1812. Can a discrimination
between them be allowed? ! should dislike to
see such a discrimination made, and I hope, there-
fore, my amendment will be adopted.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 43, nays 1; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bell, Benjamin, Brain-
erd, Bright, Brown, Biulcr, Chaee, Clay, Clayton, Coop* r,
Dawson, Dixon, Dodxe of Iowa, Evans, Fessenden, Fish,
Fitzpatrick, Foot, Gillette, Houston, Hunter, Jatne?. John-
son, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Morton,
Pratt, Ileid, Rockwell, Sebastian, Seward, Shit-Ids, Stuart,
Sumner, Thompson of Ken lucky, Toucey, Wade, Welter,
Wells, and Wright—4.}.
NAY—Mr. Brodhead—I.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, it is not often
that I have occasion to reply to anything which
comes from my friend from Virginia, [Mr. Hun-
ter.] I am in favor of this bill, notwithstanding
the amendment which has been made upon the
motion of my friend from California, increasing
the pensions of the crippled soldiers, the men who
have lost an arm or any other limb in the service.
There is a distinction between that class of pen-
sioners and all other pensioners. If my recollec-
tion serves me, they become entitled to those pen-
sions as a matter of contract. * When ihey enter
the military service, they do so upon the contrart,
that if they lose a limb,or are otherwise disabled
in the line of their duty, they shall be provided for
by the Government, according to existing laws.
Hence, when the compensation which is given to
them hag become inadequate, by the depreciation
of money, the question is an entirely diff.rent one
from what would apply to the other elapses of
pensioners whose claims rest entirely upon the
voluntary bounty of the Government For this
reason, if we adopt the provisions of this bill, and
give an increase of pay to this class of pensioners,
it will constitute no foundation whatever for in-
creasing the pay of those upon the general pension
list, for the reason that one is a bounty, and the
other is a debt of justice.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I have r.n amend-
ment to offer as an additional section:
Sec.—, Jlndhe U further enacted, Th.it thp provisions
of this bill shall beapplird toand embrace those who ?frv  d
as volunteers at the invasion of Plati&burg, in September.
1814. 1 '
This amendment was adopted as part of the
original bill, without a dissenting voice in the
Senate. I have no further explanation to make of
it at this time.
Mr. CLAYTON". I ask my friend from Ver-
mont to consent to a slight modification of his
amendment, so as to include volunteers m Dela-
ware whose condition is precisely like that of the
Plattsburg volunteers. During the war of 1812
the British fleet blockaded the Delaware. Com-
modore Berresford, with a line-of-battle ship arid
several frigates and sloops-of war kept* he Dela-
ware bay generally completely subjected to the
British powe-; so far, indeed, that no common
craft could escape them. At length, bung without
provisions, the Commodore called upon the town
of Lewistown, in the State of Delaware, for one
hundred beeves, and other provisions. The Gov*
