THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 24, 1855.
New Series....No. 24.
, previous question, and at my request he withdrew
that demand. I do not recollect that I stated to
him distinctly that i would renew the demand,
but that, I presume, was implied, and therefore it
was that I felt myself constrained to renew the
application for the previous question. If I had it
in my power I would withdraw it.
Mr. HUNT. Then I hope the House will
vote it down as an act of justice. The other side
of the question has been heard, while the case of
tfre claimants has not been stated, nor has the
report been read.
Mr. MILLSON. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. HUN f. Mr. Chairman, the bill before
us corresponds exactly with the bill on the same
subject lately sent by the Senate to this House.
It is so clear and just that I thought it would have
passed after a discussion of a few minutes. As,
however, the gentleman from Virginia has made
a long and elaborate argument against it, I feel it
my duty to make such a reply to that argument
as will enable the House to form a correct judg-
ment on the matter submitted ta their considera-
tion.
Belden & Co. were merchants. They were
established at Matamoras, during the late war with
^ Mexico, and carried on an extensive commercial
business at that place, and in the interior of Mex-
ico, while our troops held military possession of
the country. They had large means—a commen-
surate credit, and a high reputation for fair and
honorable dealing. The Administration of our
.country at that time, claimed the power, not only
of levying contributions upon the enemy in their
sea ports, towns, and provinces in our military pos-
session by conquest, for the purpose of defraying
the expenses of the war, but also the power of
establishing a temporary military government over
such sea-ports, towns, and provinces, and of pre-
scribing the conditions upon which commerce with
such places should be permitted. [Ex. Doc., 1st
sess. 30th Cong., p. 352, President's letter.] A
war tariff was prepared by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and the ports and places of Mexico in
our possession were opened to the commerce of
all neutral nations, as well as our own, upon the
payment of the prescribed duties. In his report,
recommending the tariff to the President, the Sec-
retary says:
" [n opening the ports of Mexico to the commerce of tlic
woiId, you will present to all nations with whom we are at
peace the best evidence of your desire to maintain with
llleui our friendly relations, to render the war to them pro-
ductive of as little injury as possible, and even to advance
their interests, so far as it sat« ly can be done, by affording
to them, in common with ourselves, the aivamages of a
liberal commerce with Mexico."
Under this tariff, and the encouragement held
out to trade by the Administration, merchants
imported largely, and $7,000,000 were raised for
the maintenance of the wfcr. Amoi.g the import-
ers were Belden & Co. The amount of the duties
paid by them on foreign and domestic goods, ex-
clusive of any claim for the tobacco, harped upon
with such earnestness by the learned and inge-
nious gentleman from Virginia, is upwards of
$25,000. The proof of this statement is now be-
fore me, in the receipts from the collector at Mata-
moras* which have been handed to me since the
commencement of this discussion. Theduties on
the tobacco are not one twenty-sixth part of the
•duties paid by Belden & Co. And I would be
willing, as a friend of the bill reported by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, to allow them to
be stricken out of the claim, to be investigated by
the Secretary of the Treasury. But as the to-
bacco was made a pretext for the wrongs which
have destroyed the fortune of Belden & Co., and
driven them to ask relief at the hands of Congress,
it is proper and necessary to make an explanation
in regard to it.
The tobacco in question was imported into
Matamoras by Turner 6c Renshaw, of INew Or-
leans, in May and June, 1848, while our troops
held -military possession of that port. Turner &
Renahaw, of course, as the importers, paid the
duties. Turner & Renshaw held the tobacco until
24
February, 1849, when Belden & Co. purchased it.
At the time of the purchase, Mexico was m pos-
session of the country, having been reinstated
some months previously. Turner & Renshaw
had in vain endeavored to obtain permits from the
Mexican authorities for the transportation of the
tobacco into the interior for sale. The tobacco
was deteriorating, too, by keeping. Under these
circumstances the sale was made. By the sale
Belden & Co. were subrogated to the rights of the
seller—to the duties as well as to the tobacco. It
was said by the gentleman from Virginia, that
Belden & Co. purchased from Turner & Reushaw
at the great sacrifice of the latter. This is a mis-
take. The price paid was, of course, far less
than that expected to be realized by a sale in the
interior, if such a sale could be made; but it was
a fair price, covering more than the original cost
of the tobacco, the freight and the duties. This
is demonstrated by reference to page thirty-two
of the evidence, where, it appears on calculation,
that the original cost of each bale was $4 52.
The price paid by Belden & Co. was thirteen dol-
lars. But the'pnee is of no consequence. Profit
is the life of trade, and the merchant buys cheap
to sell to his advantage. Besides, Turner & Ren-
shaw, who have complained that they were not
allowed permits for the sale of their tobacco, have
never claimed the duties on the tobacco, and they
never will claim them, for they have parted with
their right to them. When Mexico was restored
to the sovereignty of the country, an inventory
was taken of the stock of our merchants, and a
stamp or seal was put on all imported tobacco by
the administrator of tobacco, Don Pedro Jose
de la Garcia—for, apart from the treaty of peace,
the trade in tobacco was a monopoly under the
Government of Mexico.
Belden & Co. kept the tobacco for more than
ten months from the time of purchase before they
could procure permits to send it into the interior for
sale. This leads us to show what were the rights
of Belden & Co. under the treaty of peace which
restored the country to Mexico. Read the treaty,
article nineteen, clauses one and three. (By these
clauses it was stipulated that the tobacco should
be exempt from confiscation, and, on its leaving
for the interior, should also be exempt from all tax
duty orimpostof any kind whatsoever, and should
not be subjected to any charge whatsoever upon the
sale thereof.) Under this treaty, Belden & Co.,
having at length, on the 19th of September, 1849,
obtained permits, or aguias, from the estanco or ad-
ministrator of tobacco, sent his tobacco by a con-
ductor to the interior* Before leaving Matamoras
the stamps were examined and approved. The
tobacco was carried through Monterey, where the
stamps must have been respected. On arriving at
Saltdlo, about four hundred and twenty miles from
Matamoras, the conductor stopped for some re-
pairs to his wagons. The tobacco was there seized
by order of a district judge, Miguel Gomez de
Cardenas. The conductor testifies that he had,
previous to the order, called on the administra-
tor of tobacco at Saltillo, and shown him the per-
mits, or aguias, and informed him that he would
pursue his journey as soon as he had made the
necessary repairs. And he continues, that he
" was required to appear before the judge of the
district of Coahuila of said city; that the said
judge—and here the House will have a fine pic-
ture of that Mexican justice to which the gentle-
man from Virginia would have Belden & Co.
resort—that the said judge, without giving any
reason for so doing, peremptorily ordered him to
leave said tobacco with the administrator of tobacco of
said city." The witness adds, that the adminis-
trator gave him a receipt for two hundred and
ninety-rune^bales of tobacco, and forcibly took pos-
session of the same. It should be remembered, that
it was of this court that the honorable gentleman
spoke, after his American habit of considering
law, of notices, and judgments, and executions!
Mr. Clark, a merchant, who was at Saltillo at
the time, says that, to the best of his belief, " the
aforesaid district judge showed him the lawful
aguias, signed by the administrator of the tobacco
monopoly at Matamoras, and assigned as a rea-
son for his having ordered a seizure of said tobacco,
his—the district judge's—suspicion of the legality
of the introduction of said tobacco into the Mexican
territory." And this suspicion—the false pretext
of judicial rapacity and oppression—in contempt
of the genuine permit of the administrator of to-
bacco at Matamoras, and in flagrant violation of
the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, prohibiting the
confiscation of the tobacco, &c., has been alluded
to, as if it were a ground of judicial action which
should shut the doors of Congress against
the relief of Belden & Co. The tobacco was
seized on the 20th October, 1849. Some months
afterwards Belden was cited to appear before the
judge within twenty days; and subsequently an
order was given confiscating the tobacco, and or-
dering Belden to pay a fine of $26,000; and, in
default of payment, it was further ordered that
Beldeirs property should be seized, and sold to
pay the same. And in addition to all this, an
order was issued for the arrest of Belden.
The gentleman from Virginia seemed to think
that the notice to Belden was a bona fide and timely
one. This is a mistake. It is true that Belden
said he received an order to appear at Saltillo
within twenty days; but he also said that the time
allowed him was not sufficient to enable him to
attend the court at Saltillo, which was four hun-
dred miles distant; and he afterwards mentions
particularly the insufficiency in a statement pre-
pared by counsel for him: "The notice having
been given to him at Matamoras only three days
before it was consummated."
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, (interposing.)
The statement of the commissioner is, that some
months subsequent, he was cited, by order of the
district court, to appear at Saltillo within twenty
days, to show cause why said tobacco should not
be confiscated. I take it forgrar.ted that tne order
was that he should appear within twenty days
from the time of the order. That makes it per-
fectly consistent with the statement of the peti-
tioner that he had only three days notice; because
it would require seventeen days to go from Saltillo
to Matamoras.
Mr. H UNT. It was physically impossible for
him, under the notice, to appear within that time.
That is an important fact. The notice itself was
a mockery; and there is no man in his senses who
can deny it,after due reflection, and with a know-
ledge of the facts. The whole proceeding was a
mockery, a scheme of robbery, and plunder.
Under the orders of the district judge of Saltillo,
all the property of Belden & Co. was seized and
sold, and sacrificed; and Belden compelled to fly
for his liberty. Had he been foolish enough to
attempt to**go to Saltillo, he would, to use the cur-
rent expression in Mexico, have been lost by the
the way, that is, disposed of so as never to be
heard of again.
Under these circumstances, Belden, in 1852,
stated his complaint to Congress, and prayed for
relief. A report was made by the Senate, after a
careful investigation as to the seizure and con-
fiscation of the tobacco, and the fine and the sac-
rifice of Belden's property, and the.order for his
arrest and imprisonment.
The report considered Mexico as liable for the
losses suffered by Belden, but it said nothing of
the duties. In a report made this year by* the
same committee, they recommend the refunding
of the duties. (Read the report and the bill.)
I am of opinion that the bill ought to pass.
It is just and equitable. The Government encour-
aged the trade. The Government received the •
duties. The levying and receiving of the duties
carried with it the obligation to protect the trade
of the importer. This obligation was recognized
by the Government itself, in the making of the
treaty. It stipulated with Mexico that the imports
should not be confiscated—that they should be
exempt from confiscation, although the importa-
tion of the same be prohibited by the Mexican
tariff—that they should be, upon their leaving for
the interior, exempt from all duty, tax, or impost,
of every kind, under whatsoever title or denomi-
