370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
nation; and that they should not be subjected to
any charge whatsoever. (See article nineteen of the
treaty.) This was an ample stipulation for pro-
tection. The obligation of this stipulation rests
on our Government, towards our citizens. It
cannot be repudiated, or transferred to Mexico.
To say that our Government owes no protection
to the trader, is to say, that in receiving the duties
she was laying a snare for him*, that in making
the treaty she was betraying him to the enemy;'
delivering him up like a sheep, to be shorn. Sir,
this is not my idea of an honorable and paternal
Government. The duties have been paid without
any consideration, and Government is bound to
refund them.
The question before us relates now only to the
duties. An honorable gentleman has objected to
the assignment of the interest of'the importer in
the bill to the United States. But I see no objec-
tion to that assignment. Mexico ought to be
made to refund to our Government what our Gov-
ernment is obliged to pay on her account, for
wrong done through misplaced confidence in her.
And, sir, for the honor of our country, I trust that
our Government will promptly compel her to pay
not only the duties, but theamount which Belden
& Co. are entitled to, for the loss and injuries they
have received at her hands.
There is another reason why the Government
should pay the duties. In making a treaty, a
short time sin^e, with Mexico, our Government
paid her millions without stipulating for the pay-
ment, by Mexico, of the just claims of our citi-
zens. This, in my opinion, strengthens the obli-
gation to refund the duties, and especially as the
conduct of the judicial tribunal of Mexico towards
Belden & Co. had been, previous to the treaty,
declared to be, by the Senate report, a flagrant
violation of the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
One honorable gentleman said, the Government,
in case of loss of goods by fire, would not be
bound to refund the duties. But the present is
not a case of casualty. In this case the citizen
has suffered through the act of his Government,
in the transfer of her sovereignty to a Power that
has oppressed him.
Another gentleman argued that the duty of
protection should cease aa soon as the duties were
paid. He says, that at the very instant of time
the merchandise ceases to be under the protection
or control of the United States, at that very in-
stant it comes within the control of the States, is
protected by the laws of the States, and is subject
to the regulation of the States 'l'he habit of
considering State-rights has misled the gentleman.
When the duties were paid to the United States,
there was no second sovereign power at Mata-
moras, no State of fins Union to assume any
responsibility The United States was the pole
and responsible power, and the payment of the
duties did not put the imports out of the pale of
sovereign protection.
Iain afraid that I have trespassed too long on
the patience of the committee. I ^ill therefore
notice but one plea more from the opponents of
the bill.
An honorable member said that Belden & Co.
were speculators, merchants, and warned the House
against refunding the duties; as leading to the
oppression of the mechanic, and other laboring
classes, from whom, he says, the revenue 13
derived.
Sir, a sneer at commerce will avail nothing in
tliis plaee. . if the merchant is a speculator, he is
an honorable speculator. Trade is advantageous
to society, and is conducted on just principles. If
the merchant makesaprofit, the purchaser receives
a fair consideration. The merchant is a man of
hr nor, and deals on honor. His word is his bond
—a bond far stronger than any mere pecuniary
obligation. Commerce, Mr. Speaker, "is known
by the multitude of her blessings. She civilizes
and enlightens the nations. She supplies us with
many of our comforts, and nearly all our luxuries.
She walks hand in hand with agriculture and man-
ufactures—supporting them, and supported by
them; and the arts and sciences follow in her tram.
But it is said, that to refund the duties, is to
oppress the mechanic. Sir, I say that we are all
equally concerned for justice; that not to refund
the duties is to do injustice; and that injustice to
Belden & Co. is the oppression of the mechanic.
It was suggested to me by my friend, the
incumbent of the Chair, [Mr. Richardson,] that
in order to disembarrass the bill from all difficulty,
it would be well to throw off the.duties upon
tobacco, in the amount to be investigated by the
Secretary of the Treasury. In conformity with
that suggestion, I propose that a proviso to that
effect be added to the bill before the House, and I
offer an amendment for that purpose.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Richard-
son.) The motion of the gentleman is not now
in order, as there is a pending motion to commit,
during which no motion can be made.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. It was not
my intention, when I first made some suggestions
in reference to the proposition now before the
House, to enter into any discussion of the facts,
or indeed of the principles involved in this case.
I had no such idea, because I never heard of the
case until it was presented on the morning on
which I made some suggestions in reference to the
principles which, itseemed to me, ought to govern
the decision of the case. But, sir, by the elabo-
rate argument of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Millson,] made the other day, it seems to
me to be necessary for me to say a single word—
and I shall be very brief—in vindication of the
view of the case I then took.
I asserted, upon that occasion, that the fact that
the Government of the United States held posses-
sion of certain portions of Mexico—almost the
entire territory belonging to that Government—
the fact that the Government of the United States
invited the citizens of the United States to import
goods, for sale, in that territory, exacting from
them a certain amount of duties upon the importa-
tion, necessarily implied an obligation on the part
of the Government of the United States to protect
the importer m the sale of those goods.
Now, sir, it was not merely an implied pledge
on the part of the Government of the United
States, but it was a pledge expressly given in all
the public proclamations made at that time from
the Treasury, with the approval of the President.
I have an extract from one, which will be found
in the public documents of that period, and in the
Union of 10th January, 1847, in which Mr.
Walker, the Secretary of the Treasury, with the
President's approval, declares to the public it is
intended to provide by the treaty of peace, that
all the goods imported during the war into any of
the Mexican ports in our military possession,
shall be exempt from any new import duty or
confiscation by Mexico, in the same manner as if
such goods had been imported and paid import
duties prescribed by the Government of Mexico;
and that those who imported 'goods shall have the
light to take the goods for sale to any place in
possession of the United States. That was the
express pledge. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Mii.lson] seems not to have comprehended
the force of the position which I took. Heargues
in this wise:
" Tin* Government It ad control of the country, and exer-
cised jimsdietion ovei it. Now, itns is precisely (he point
ol iii.s argument winch i am undertaking 10 repiv to. The
control and jurMlu-lion ol tile (Justed State-, in Mexico
were cf rtninl> noi cicatcr than within their own terntory ;
and let in see, sir, whether the collection of duties at home,
where our junsdiction more ported than it waa in Mt x-
ico, give-, any fi'iaruntee lor their protection alterwaids.
Why, sir, so far irom it, the control and pioteetion of the
Government of the United States over ail good* on winch
they reccive dudes cea^e the moment the duties are paid
I At the very instant of lime the metehandise ceases to be
I uiiiler the protection or control of the United Slates, at
, that very instant it come*: within the control of the States,
; is protected by the laws of the State®, and is subject to the !
! regulation of the States. Al! our license laws in the States j
j depend upon this doctune."
! Now, Mr. Speaker, I have not said that it was
! the duty of the Government of the United States,
| under all circumstances, to protect the goods im-
| ported into that country. I have not maintained
I that it was the duty of the Government to protect
I them from robbers and guerrillas in Mexico, or
i from fire, or any oiher incidental cause by which
a loss might fall upon the importers. All that I
have maintained is, that it was the duty of the
Government to protect them from imposition on
the part of the Government of MexiSo—to protect
them from confiscation on any pretext whatever
connected with their importation.
The testimony to which I have looked some-
what since this case has been under examination,
shows clearly and distinctly, beyond all question,
that these goods were imported during the war;
that difficulties were thrown in the way of their
being carried into the interior for sale for a period
of ten or twelve months; and that finally, when
legal permission was given by the proper authoti- j
ties, and they were transported into the interior, •
on a mere pretext, a mere subterfuge, a slight sus- '
picion that they had been smuggled into the coun- •
try, they were seized and confiscated. The Gov- I
ernment of the United States has evidenced its :
sense of the obligation to protect importers of i
goods under these circumstances, by the fact of i
having entered into the treaty, some clauses of
which were read by the gentleman from Louisiana,
[Mr. Hcnt.] It has assumed and acknowledged
the obligation on the' part of the Government to
protect the goods from seizure and confiscation by
the Government of Mexico; and that is all I have
contended for.
If the Government fairly endeavors to obtain
satisfaction from Mexico, I grant that the party
has no right to call upon the Government to reim-
burse his loss. I did not understand the gentle-
man from Virginia to maintain that, under all cir-
cumstances, a Government which could not, and
did not, obtain redress from a foreign Government,
would be responsible to the citizen. If the Gov-
ernment makes proper endeavors, uses all reason-
able exertions to accomplish the object, and falls
to do so, 1 do not pretend to say that the Govern-
ment, under these circumstances, would be respon-
sible to the citizen; but I do maintain, if the citizen
has been despoiled by a foreign Government, and
the Government of the United States has oppor-
tunity to obtain redress, and fails to do so; if it
bargains with the rights of the citizen for some
advantagetoitself,that,on every principle of equity
and justice, the Government of the United States.^
ought to reimbursethe citizen. That is the posi-
tion which I assumed, and I think it is a sound
one, in spite of everything which the gentleman
from Virginia has said, or can say, against it. I
understand the reports of the Senate Committee
on Foreign Affairs to have been to this effect pre-
cisely. The first report, made in 1852, was to
the effect that this was a valid claim against the
Government of Mexico, which the United States
Government ought to urge by diplomacy. Then,
during the present, or the last session of Congress
—I do not know which—the same committee took
up the same subject, and declared that the Gov-
ernment of the United States having subsequently
made a treaty, that having had an opportunity to
present this claim, and having failed to obtain
redress—having paid the Government of Mexico
§10,000,000—she ought not to pay the amount of
money of which the claimants in this case have
been robbed, but that she ought to refund at least
the duties which she took from them—merely to
refund the amount which the Government has
taken from the pockets of these parties, and put
into the Treasury. I say that, if there has been
a failure on the part of the Government of the
United States to press this claim to a satisfactory
adjustment, if it has suffered the occasion to pass
by on whidh the adjustment mighthave been made,
and demand made on the Government of Mexico,
then, in justice, she ought to pay the citizen the
full amount of his claim.
Mr. READY. Let me ask my colleague
■whether the claimants "notified our Government of
their loss ?
Mr. STANTON. Long since.
Mr. READY. At what time?
Mr. STANTON. In 1840.
Mr. READY. Previous to these treaties?
Mr. HUNT. The notification was made as
soon as the robbery took place. The claimants
made frequent protests before the authorities in
Mexico. The case attracted universal attention
throughout the United States. I believe that it is
a peculiar "one—sui generis—and that there is no
other sunomided by the same circumstances.
Therefore, it cannot lead to the repayment of
duties in any other case. It is a wrong, for which
these parties ought to have relief.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Can the gentleman from
Tennessee tell us whythe negotiators of the treaty
omitted this case? What is their excuse?
Mr. STANTON. I cannot. I know nothing
about it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Has the Department been
called upon for information with regard to the
point?
Mr. HUNT. X am happy to say, in reply !o
the gentleman, that all the evidence which I read
this morning was drawn from the Department by
