372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
-Jer, Florence, Franklin, Fuller, Gamble, Giddings, Good-
neb, Grey, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Harrison,
Hastings, Haven, Hughes, Hunt, Ingersoll, Johnson, J.
Gianey Jones, Keiu, Kerr, Lane, Lyon, McCulloch, Mac-
rionald, McUougall, Mace, Macy, Maiteson, Maurice,
Meaeham, MichUeswarih, Milhon, Norton, Morik*c.u Oli-
ver, Parker, Pecfcham, Pennington, Bisinp Perkins, Pratt,
Pnnnle, Ready, Reese, Riddle, David Ritchie, Thomas
Ritchey, Robbing, Rogers, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp,
Shower, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Richard H. Stanton, Straub, Andrew Stuart, John J.
Taylor, John L. Taylor, Teller, Trout, Tweed, Upham,
Vansant, Wade, Walbridge, Warren, Ellihu B. VVa-sh-
burne, Israel Washburn, John YV>ntworih,Tappan Went-
worth, Westbrook, Wheeler, and Yates—107.
NAYS-^-Mes^rs. David J. Bailey, Barksdale, Barry,
Bennett, Benton, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges',
Carpenter, Caskie, Chase, Chastaiu, Chrisman, Clark,
Cobb, Colquitt, Corwin, Craige, John G. Davis, Dawson,
Dunham, Uasunan, Ellison, Greenwood, Grow, Hamilton,
Hendricks, Uenn, Hill, Houston, DanielT. foues, George
W.Jones, Roland Jones, Kidwell, Knox, Kurtz, Lamb,
Latham, Letcher, Lmdsley, McQueen, Smith Miller, Mor-
rison, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Olds, Orr, John Perkins,
Phelps, Phillips, Puryear, Rutfin, Seward, Shaw, Single-
ton, Skrliou, William R. Smith, George. W. Smyth, Hcs-
torL. Stevens,Nathaniel G.Taylor, Walsh, and Daniel
B. Wright—64.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. Seymour paired <?fF, on the above vote, with
Mr. Lilly.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Seymour in the chair.)
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS PRIOR TO 3800,
Mr. BAYLY. I move, in puisuance of the
notice that I gave to the House of my object in
moving to go into committee, that we take up the
first bill on the Calendar, which is the French
spoliation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The consideration of that
bill is the first business in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have, 1 suppose, a right
to ask for a vote upon taking up one of the appro-
priation bills. 1 therefore move to take up 1 louse
bill No. 580, which is one of the regular appro-
priation bills.
Mr. FLORENCE. Which one?
Mr. HOUSTON' The fortification bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. J desire to make a per-
sonal explanation, which will occupy only a
moment. Some ten days ago 1 agreed to pair off
with Mr. Ei.ioT.of Massachusetts, on the French
spoliation bill, he [Mr. Eliot] being in favor,
and 1 ofiposed to it. This morning, at the request
oi my friend, General Shields, I agreed to pair off
with my colleague, Colonel Hissell, who is cun-
fincd to his room by sickness. I had forgotten
that 1 Ivul made an arrangement with Mr. Eliot
when 1 made the agreement with General Shields.
1 hopi- some opponent of the lull will agree to
pair off for to-day wiih Colonel .Dispell, re-
lieving, a3 I do, that the measure is wrong, and
that tins Government is not bound to pay the i
demand, I shall rcgiet if the bill shall lose any of
its fi lends by any forgetfuluess of imrie.
Mr. BR!',CKINUIOG10. 1 will txtiicate my
fiiend from Illinois from Ins difficulty by pairing
off, for to-day only, with Mr. Disskll, as I am
obliged to be absent from the House for the
remainder of this day's session.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 will change my motion,
and move to take up the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I rise to a question of
order. Mjr point is this, that the French spolia-
tion bill being reached upon the Calendar, and
being called, the proper question is, whether the j[
committee will consider it. If the committee refuses }
to consider it, why then the gentleman can move i
to take u|i some other bill which has not been i
reached. The Chair will recollect that that was !
the course taken at the hist session, at the time we 1
were endeavoring to get up the Nebraska bill. !
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is evidently !
mistaken as to the practice of last session. The
rules expressly secure to any member of this body :
who desires to make a motion to take up an i;
appropriation bill, the right to have a vote taken !|
upon it.
I'he CHAIRMAN. The Chair will refer to
the rule.
Mr. CAYLY. I hope my friend from North !
Carolina will not press his question of order, j
After all, it depends upon the will of a majority of i
the committee. |
Mr.CLINGMAN. Well,8ir, I will waivethe I
pomt of order.
Mr. ORR. Then I ask for tellers on the motion
of the gentleman from Alabama.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kerr and
Noble were appointed.
The CHAIRMAN. The first bill on the Calen-
der is the French spoliation bill. The gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] moves to take up
the civil and diplomatic bill m lieu of that bill.
The question is on that motion.
The committee was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 56, nays 98.
So the motion to take up the civil and diplomatic
bill was not agreed to.
THE FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The matter before the
committee is the bill numbered on the Calender
237, being a bill to provide for the ascertainment
and satisfaction of the claims of American citizens
for spoliations committed by the French, prior to
31st July, 1801.
Mr. BAYLY. I do not, Mr. Chairman, at this
snort session of Congress, when there ar^so many
questions of pressing importance before us, pro-
pose to detain the committee on a question of this
sort for any length of time, because, I presume
that if theie be one question with resped to which
the statesmen of the United States are better in-
formed than any other, it in this question, in ref-
erence to the French spoliation bill. It has been
reported on for half a centuiy, almost always in
favor of the bill. It has passed through the two
Houses of Congress frequently, but not at the
same session. T only want to call the attention of the
members of the House to the difference between
the two bills.
The bill before the committee is one which was
reported by me from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. There is an inaccuracy m it which prob-
ably was not the fault of the Clerk, for, in the
Committee on Foreign Allans, we struck out that
provision of the bill which provides for issuing
stock, arid in view of the large surplus in the
Treasury, we provided for a direct appropriation
of $5,000,000. The Senate bill, which I shall,
before I sit down, move as the substitute for ours,
differs from ours only in this: that it provides for
a direct appropriation from the Treasury, and
provides, also, for theappomtmentof asolicitoron
the part of the Government, to appear before the
boaid of inquiry and see that justice is done.
I shall say nothing, Mr. Chairman, about the
merits of the bill. Having reported it, it will be
my duty to conclude the debate, and, therefore, I
shall not trouble the committee just novv, but will
aslc that the committee do rise and stop <lf bate, as
I do not suppose that any gentleman desires to
debate tins question lti this short session—a ques-
tion in lespectto which the first intellects of the
cuuiiirv have decided; such men us Marshall,
Giles, Livingston, Webster, and 1 will not add
the gentleman lroni Missouri, [Mr. Denton,]
because he is now present, and I will not class
him with the dead But, sir, the question has
been entirely exhausted in discussion, and I have
nothing to say, except it be in reply. I move the
Senate bill as a substitute for tne House bill.
[Cries of " Question !" "Question!"]
1 he CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will proceed to
read the bill proposed as a substitute.
Mr. BAYLY. I want to say one other word
in respect to this bill before it be read. I think
that bill is unusually well guarded in its provis-
ions. One of the objections which this bill has
always encountered, has been that there would be
no end to the claims which would be made under
it. By this bill we appropriate $5,000,000 for the
payment of those claims, and by the provision of
tile bill itself, the presentation by the claimant of
his ciaim before the commission, is the relief of
the Government from everything where satisfac-
tion is not awarded.
Mr. ORR. I desire to propound one or two
interrogatories to the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bayly.] I desire to inquire from him—his
attention having been drawn to this subject—what
is the probable aggregate amount of those claims
growing out of the French spoliation .'
Mr. BAYLY. That is a matter which will
have to be ascertained under this bill. But does
the gentleman raise any question upon that point
because the bill appropriates $5,000,000, and pro-
vides that the very act of presenting a claim to this ;
board, is a relief of the Government from all fur 
"ther claims?
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman from Virginia
indicate about the amount—as I suppose he is well
informed upon the subject—-of these French spoli-
ation claims ?
Mr. BAYLY. They are like unascertained
damages, and wehave, therefore, provided against
any injustice in rhat respect.
Mr. HIRBARD. If my recollection servesme
aright, it was estimated by Mr.. Seward, in a
speech made in the Senate, that the amount of
these claims was between $30>000,000 and
$40,000,000. I would ask the gentleman from
Virginia if that is not the probableamount?
Mr. BAYLY. I believe no such rbin^; but,
on the contrary, I believe that $5,000,000 will
satisfy all the claims against the Government
which will be adjudicated, and the bill protects
the Government in that respect. It was with care
that I looked to that matter, as it was my duty
to do. The bill provides for an appropriation of
$5,000,000 to be distributed prorata in satisfaction
of ail these claims. The very presentation of the
claim, by the very terms of the bill, is a release
of the Government from everything except the
dividend which the board of commissioners may
award.
Mr. HIBBARD. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Virginia whether, in his opinion, if we pay
these $5,000,000, we do not virtually admit the
justice of a greater amount above §5,000,000, and
whether the creditors are barred from applying to
the Government? By so doing we admit the jus-
tice of a claim, if I am not mistaken, of between
$30,000,000 and $40,000,000 without interest, but
with interest, a claim of about $100,000,000.
Mr. BAYLY. The answer 1 make (hegentJe-
man is a ve>y plain and simple one. The claim-
ants are satisfied with this bill. They have been
kept for fifty years out of what I believe to be as
righteous a claim as ever existed against, any Gov-
ernment on the face of the earth. Yoa have now
compelled them, by a sort of duress, to limit their
claims to $5,000,000; and they are willing to
take this amount m final satisfaction of their
claims, as the bill provides. Although I am in
favor of this bill, and the satisfaction of the claims
as provided under it, and come here and advocate
irs passage, 1 will say to the gentleman from New
Hampshire, that I will stand by him to protect
the Government against any future claim.
Mr. IIIBBARD. I will state to tiio gentleman
from Virginia'," that I have seen the final passage
of a good many claims, and have found that the
claimants always come in tor the residue of their
claim*, arid they generally get it.
Mr. CUTTING. I am requested to state, by
my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ar>ri,T:TO\'] 
and 1 believe I can give no better authority to mis
House—that, according to the be.^t estimates and
information collected upon this subject, the total
' ooo oon''lh<!se c,aims is from to
i Mr. OUR. Without interest?
: Mr. CUTTING. Yes, sir.
| Mr. Cl'R- 1 do not propose to make a speech
i upon this subject. I am opposed to the original
j bill, as well as to the substitute which has been
: moved by the honorable gentleman from Virginia,
; and shall vote against both. I desired to ascer-
| tain the supposed amount of these claims, but the
I gentleman from Virginia has not been able to^ivc
! me any specific information upon that subject.
! According to the information given by the gentle-
; ™an fr°"i New York, [Mr. Cutting,] these
I amount 10 between $10,000,000 and
000,000 without interest. Now, it ihere
be an obligation upon the Government to pay
any of' these claims whatever, and if that ob-
; ligation commenced at the time of the tr-aty
with ranee, as is contended by the advocates of
this scheme, in 1800 or 1801, I do not perceive
how it can refuse to pay interest upon the whole
amount of these claims, because they have been
constantly knocking at the doors of Congress
and asking you for their payment. The payment
of these claims has not originated from any delay
or neglect upon the part of the claimants them-
selves; and if the proofs which they now offer
are deemed satisfactory, they should have been
equally so when the demand was first made the
case IS no stronger now than when first presented.
Admitting thiji conclusion to be correct, how
