185,5.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
much will your $10,000,000 or $12,000,000amount
to., with interest at six per cent., from 1801 to
the present time?
Mr. PECKHAM. I desire to ask my friend
from South Carolina, whether that has been the
principle upon which he has acted in this House?
Mr. ORE. There has not been a claim since 1
have-been a member of this House, that I now
recoljeet, which has come before the House for its
determination, of the class of cases to which this
French spoliation bill belongs.
Mr. PECKHAM. The principle has been
frequently here. *
Mr. QRR. I have, in some instances, voted
fo.r the payment of interest by the Government;
but, a? a general rule, I have voted against it. 1
tt\iri^it, is.tha correct rule, upon the ground that
Congress is, presumed, when the proofs of a
claim are ?nliy'acU>ry, to make immediate compen-
sation. Many claims, when presented, are defect-
ive it) proof, and are suspended or postponed
until cumulative evidence is supplied. Would it
be proper in such case to allow interest?
Mr. WARREN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from South Carolina what the amount of the debt
involved has to do with the liability of the Gov-
ernment to pay it?
Mr. ORR. I propose to discuss that point
shortly; and, in doing so, trust 1 shall most satis-
factorily.respond to the question propounded by
the gentleman from Arkansas. I had a purpose
in view in propounding the interrogatory 1 did to
the honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bay-
ly,] to know the amount of these claims. I
desired to be informed whether $5,,000,000 would
cover them or not. It is perfectly apparent that
that amount will not satisfy them. 1 was anxious
to have learned the supposed amounts of these
claims from the gentleman from Virginia, and put
upon the record his admission that §5,000,000
would not half pay the claims, without interest;
but t failed to do so. 1 obtained the information
I desired, which I regard as reliable, from the hon-
orable gentkmqn from New York, [Mr. Cuttinu,]
who gave it as coming from the accurate and thor-
oughly intelligelntgentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Appleton,] that the whole amount of these
claims was from $10,000,000 to §12,u00,000. I
propose to make tliis application, and the gentle-
man from Arkansas [Mr. Warren] will perceive
why the amount involved here enters into the con-
sideration of this question. You pass a bill here
appropriating $5,000,000 to liquidate and satisfy
these claims in full, although the claims may reach
§12,000,000.
Mr. BRIDGES. I wish to propound one ques-
tion to the gentleman from South Carolina.
Mr. ORR. Let me finish answering the ques-
tion asked by the gentleman from Arkansas, and
then I will yield the floor to the gentleman from
I'ennsylvania.
The gentleman from Virginia says that the
presentation of the claim before the board for a
share ofthe§5,000,000 proposed to be appropriated
by this bill, is, ipso facto, a discharge of any further
liability and obligation upon the part of the Gov-
ernment; and yet the $5,000,000 appropriation is
an admission that you are liable in equity and
good conscience to pay these claims.
Mr. CLINGI&AN. Will the gentleman allow
me one moment?
Mr. ORR. When 1 have finished this single
argument ! will, and I cannot until then. When
you pass this bill, you have conceded the obliga-
tion and liability of this Government to pay these
demands. You have conceded that the Govern-
ment is bound to protect all those who have suffered
from spoliation, because if that be not the principle
upon which you act, how will you justify the
payment of the $5,000,000? But you pay that
sum, and there remains unpaid perhaps $7,000,000
more, equally just—proven by the same evidence.
You, by the sime act which admits the justice of
the claim, deprive them of one hundred and fifty
per cent, or more on the original claim, all of
which is just and ought to be paid, if any is ad-
mitted. What will be 'he result, then, of your
policy? In what form will these parties, who have
received only half their honest dues, come before
you? What will they say? They will say to
you that by your action you have recognized the
obligation and binding validity upon the Govern-
ment, to pay the whole demands, and will it not
be true? Can human ingenuity deny the justice
or logic of the allegation? You will attempt to
relieve yourselves from the obligation by saying
" We compromised with the claimants, and they
agreed to take $5,000,000. You canrot therefore
claim more." A great Government acknowledges
the justice of the demand of its citizens for
$12,000,COO, and then says, if you will be content
to take $5,000,000 and give us a full acquittance,
we will pay that sum; otherwise we.will pay you
nothing. Is there a gentleman here who would not
feel humiliated at such a declaration? The gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] himself, says
that these parties are under a sort of duress, and
are willing to take §5,000,000 for their claims.
Would it be generous—would it be just to take
advantaee of their restrained position and pay but
$5,000,000, when you owed $12,000,000 or per-
haps $14,000,000? If the Government is bound,
by national law, by justice to its citizens, to pay
§5,000,000, it must sooner or later discharge that
obligation. You may guard your present bill with
limitations, with provisos—with declarations that
it is in full satisfaction of all demands—but my
word for it you will eventually be compelled to
pay it all, when you once concede any liability, as
you will do by passing this bill.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Will the gentle-
man from South Carolina allow me a woid now ?
Mr. ORR. Ceitainly.
Mr. BAYLY. I dislike to interrupt the gen-
tleman, but as he is arguing upon the supposition
that my explanation was unsatisfactory, it is due
to me that 1 should be permitted to make it more
satisfactory.
I stated to the gentleman, as distinctly as I
knew how to do it, that it was impossible for me
to tell—and I undertake to say, that it is impos-
sible for anybody to tell—the extent of these
claims; because that is to be adjudicated by a
board of commissioners, fortified liy every sort of
guard that a court could be fortified with, and
tbey are to ascertain the amount.
Now, I say further, that I have not an idea that
one tithe of the claims which are supposed to
exist will ever be made good before that board.
They will not be made out. In the first place
there are a good many who suppose that they are
interested in this bill, whose claims occurred sub-
sequent to the year 1800. This bill provides that
those claims which were taken care of by the
| treaty negotiated by Mr. Rives, are not to come
! in under I his bill. I have do doubt that a great
| many persons suppose that they have claims
! when they have not. But I am not a commis-
sioner, or the judge of that mutter. I cannot tell
the gentleman to what extent that board will ad-
judicate claims, but I do say, that 1 believe that
this $5,000,000, if it does nut do entire justice,
if it does not come up to the rule of slriclissimi
jut is, will be satisfactory to the claimants; and I
do not believe this Government will ever be called
upon again in reference to the same matter.
Mr. CLiNGMAN. With the permission of
the gentleman from South Caroima, I wish to
make a single suggestion. This is a judicial ques-
tion, and I wish to present this point lor consid-
eration: OurGovernment was not primarily liable
for these claims. Now, suppose these claimants
were injured to the extent of $10,000,000 or
$12,000,000. That wou'd have constituted a good
claim against the French Government to that extent.
We became liable, because the French Govern-
ment re'eased us from the performance of certain
guarantees, and the extent of our liability will
depend upon the extent of that guarantee. We
agreed to guarantee the West India islands to
France, but England took them away, and the
French Government demanded satisfaction of us.
To induce the Fienoh Government to release us
from that guarantee, we agreed to releace her fiom
these claims of.indemnity, brought against herby
our citizens. If we consider that thi,t guarantee
is only worth the sum of $5,000,000, we could
only be liable to make satisfaction to that extent
to the claimants. It is in that way we became
liable at all.
1 do not know that this Government is under
obligation to pay any chums for damages which
our citizens have suffered at the h<mds of foreign
Powers. We are bound to obtain satisfaction from
such foreign Governments, but we are not bound
to go to war for that purpose. Whatever sum, in
satisfaction, we may get out of a foreign Govern-
ment, we are bound to pay over.
Mr. HIBBARD. Do I understand the gentle-
man from North Carolina to say tliat he puts the
liability of the Government to pay, upon the
ground that we took the property of these claim-
ants for public uses? If so, should we pay them
what we received, or the worth of the property
which we took? I understand the latter to be thfe
true law. ^Ve should pay them the value of the
property which we took. If we afterwards went
to war with France, a state of real, or quasi hos-
tility, would, perhaps, on grounds of international
law, be a discharge of all claims.
Mr, HUNT. 1 rise to a question of order. I
object to these interruptions as irregular, and ask
the Chair to enforce order. Let every gentleman
be heard in turn.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was about, to say, that the
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Hibeard]
misunderstands the point I make. I maintain that
we got a certain satisfaction from France, by her
releasing us from a binding guarantee. It would
have been the same thing if we had received
f5,000,000 in money from France. We should
turn over to the claimants all we got, and they
have no right to ask anything more.
My object was to call the attention of the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] to the cir-
cumstances under which we became liable, and to
say that if v*e thought that the release from that
guarantee, by which we were bound, was worth
only §5,000,000, we are not bound to give any-
thing more than that sum t<? the "claimants.
Mr. BRIDGES. I should like to'.ask the gen-
tleman how it matters what the claims may
amount to, provided the claimants voluntarily
agree to take the §5,000,000 in full payment of
them ?
Mr. 0R.R. I will answer that question, as,
perhaps, it is pertinently put. How are you tn
resist the obligation to pay demands which may-
be made upon you hereafter, when the $5,000,000
has been distributed among the claimants, who
receive it under "duress?" How are you to
resist the obligation to pay over to them, at a
subsequent period, all that is not provided for by
this bill? If there is any obligation to pay the
§5,000,000, is the obligation any less to pay the
whole sum? Would any common law or chan-
cery court declare valid an acquittance obtained
from a party under duress?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the gentle-
man from South Carolina will look at the eleventh
section ofthe bill, he will see that only those who
do present their claims are bound. Therefore,
any claimant who does not present- his claim is
not, by the terms of the bill, barred from applying
to Congress hereafter. Any claimant, however,
who does so says: "You offer so much now. I
may not get it, if I claim the whole, in ten or
twenty years, and perhaps never. Therefore,
rather than fail at the present time by asking Con-
gress for the whole, 1 will take the chance, judg-
ing for myself, and come in and freely receive the
amount you propose to give, and discharge the
Government forever from the debt."
Mr. ORR. I am much obliged to the gentle-
man from Maine for his suggestion. It had
escaped my observation that the claimants who
do not choose to come forward and receive their
share of the §5,000,000 provided for in the bill,
can come back here at the next session, or at any
following session, and ask that Congress shall pay
them the full amount of their claim. And after
you have paid one sum, after you have admitted
the equity and justice of the claim in one aspect,
how could the gentleman deny them in another ?
What response could Congress make? Would it
be that your citizens had come forward, according
to the provisions of the bill, and said that they
were willing to take the §5,000,000 in full satisfac-
tion of their entire claim?
But,Mr. Chairman, when the justice and equity
of the remaining §7,000,000 is equally apparent,
would any committee have the boldness, the
effrontery, sir, to rest the refusal of Congress to
pay the balance, upon the ground that the claim-
ants, being in our power, and denied half t.ie
amounts justly due them, agreed, for §o,00U,U0b,
to cease all further demand ? Would it be honest
for this Government to take any such position .
If the claim is just, pny it. _ If the money is not
in the Treasury to pay it  issue stocks for that
purpose. Fund the debt—pay it any way; but
do not say that, having-the claimants within
