374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
power, we shall do them half justice, or third
justice, by paying them third or half of the
amount of their rightful claim. 1 trust that I
may never see the Government assume such a
position. If the claim is just, pay the whole
arnount.
Is it due? that is the question. What are the
circumstances connected with this claim? How
often has it been presented and defeated? The
claim was presented very soon after it had origin-
ated. It has been annually before Congress for
the last forty or fifty years, and it has always
been defeated up to this time. True, it was passed
in 1846, but it was vetoed by the then President
of the United States. You come forward now,
when all the evidence of the want of justice and
obligation on the part of the Government to pay
the claim has passed away, when the claimants
have been pilmg document upon document,
stating and restating every line and word of any
book or paper in their favor, strengthening their
case as ours weakened, and say of those who
have gone before us—for it is tantamount to saying
there was a valid obligation resting on Congress
to pay this claim—that they refused to pay what
was most justly due. As was suggested to me a
moment ago, Mr. Chairman, our ancestors were
poor, but honest; and though they had not their
coffers filled with gold and silver, as ^e have our
coffers, still they paid all demands which they
acknowledged to be due. If they did not pay the
money down they gave their obligations. They
funded the debt growing out of the revolutionary
war; and, sir, it is no response now to say the
country was poor then, and that that was the
reason these claims were not paid. If the claims
had been just the obligation on the part of the
United States would have been recognized, and
arrangement made for their payment; but, for the
period of forty or fifty years, these claims, as they
found their way into the Halls of Congress, were
again and again defeated.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly]
speaks of the long array of great names who have
discussed in favor of this question. Well, sir,
there have been very many great men who dis-
cussed this question on the other side; gentlemen
of character, intelligence, and discrimination;
statesmen who impressed their genius upon the
age in which they lived—such men as Calhoun,
Wright, McDuffie, and others. They opposed
this claim. So great names fail to determine the
question in favor of the claimants. You are now
to concede a claim which ha^ slept—no, not slept,
I beg the claim's pardon—[laughter]—for these
claimants have not allowed it to sleep, there
scarcely being one session of Congress since it
originated during which it has not been presented
and considered. You are to vote a claim just
which has been voted otherwise, time and again,
by Congress for forty-odd years, and that, too,
without debate, or a tittle of additional evidence.
Mr. RIDDLE. The gentleman from South
Carolina has given as a reason why these claims
should not be paid, that they have been before
Congress for forty years, and have never passed
but once, when they were vetoed by President
Polk. I would ask him to state, with his usual
candor, whether any bill making appropriations
for the adjustment of these claims was ever voted
on, in cither the Senate or House of Representa-
tives, when a majority was not found in i(y favor?
Is not the delay rather to be attributed to our
rules, than to the fault of the claimants?
Mr. ORR. Mr. Chairman, I am not prepared
to respond definitely to the gentleman at this time.
My impression is, that, in a lare;e majority of
cases where votes have been taken in either House
of Congress, they have been in favor of the pay-
ment of the claims. But the gentleman need not
attempt to deduce from this an argument that they
are right. How does the gentleman know that,
during the series of forty years this matter has
been under discussion, the failure of the two
Houses to vote for the hill in the same session
was not a fair and strong indication that the claims
were not just, and ought not to be paid ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the gentleman from
South Carolina, to permit me to refresh his mem-
ory in regard to the history of the legislation at
the last Congress. By some legislative legerde-
main, which nobody seemed to understand, the
French spoliation bill was, one morning, by an un-
fortunate motion of the gentleman from Virginia,
placed under one hundred or two hundred other
bills upon the Speaker's table. Although there
was a clear and decided majority in this House
in favor of the bill, to dig it up from its buried
depth, and once more bring it to light, still that
never could be done, because of the rules of the
House.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw his remark that it was an
unfortunate motion of mine, for I do notgenerally
make unfortunate motions. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I think the
motion was made by the gentleman from New
Hampshire.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope the gentleman will
permit me to ask him another question.
Mr. ORR. One at a time. Let me answer
the inquiry just made, and then I shall yield to the
gentleman. The gentleman speaks of some legis-
lative legerdemain by which this bill failed to
receive final action at the last Congress, although
there was a majority in favor of it. Now, Mr.
Chairman, I have devoted a little attention to the
rules of the House, and if I had been occupying
the Speaker's chair at the time, I should have
made precisely the same decision m reference to
the question as was made by the Speaker [Mr.
Boyd,] The gentleman speaks of the bill being
placed under some two hundred others. He
knows the rules well enough to know, that after
one hour had been devoted to the calling of com-
mittees for reports, any-gentleman might have
taken the floor, and moved to go to the business
upon the Speaker's table.
If the gentleman's friends, or rather the friends
of the bill, had been true to the lull, if they had
been as anxious to pass it as thegentleman seems
now to believe, I have no doubt it would have
been passed. Jf they had really felt the anxiety
and solicitude which they are now represented to
have felt, they would have gone to the husinesson
the Speaker's table at the expiration of the morn-
ing hour, and have cleared it of every bill there,
and secured the much sought action.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. ORR. Not now. The gentleman specu-
lates as to the reasons why the bill was not taken
up. He says that all the time there was a clear
majority in favor of it. Well, sir, that is a mere
matter of opinion. There may, and there may
not have been.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman allow me now to interrupt him?
Mr. ORR. I will hear the gentleman's ques-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURN. I think the gentleman
from South Carolina, if he will recollect the pro-
ceedings of the last Congress in reference to this
measure, will agree with me that it was defeated
in the same way in which it had been defeated
several times in previous Congresses. If I remem-
ber correctly, the bill passed the Senate early in
the first session of the last Congress, and came to
the House. Upon the motion of somp gentleman—
I think it was the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly]—the House did proceed to its considera-
tion, or, at least, action was taken progressing
towards its direct consideraiion. And themotions
which were made were evidently sustained by a
clear majority of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. Certainly; there was a
lar^e majority of the House in favor of it.
Mr. WASHBURN". Well, sir, when the bill
was reached it was m this position: The gentle-
man from Virginia, or some one, I forget who,
moved to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, pending which
motion the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hibbard]—I think it was—moved that the House
adjourn. The question was then raised by the
gentleman from Virginia, or some other memoer,
whether, in case the House adjourned in that
stage of the proceedings, the bili'would go to the
Speaker's table. The Speaker, or the person
occupying the chair at the time, expressed the
opinion — though, perhaps, not absolutely and
unqualifiedly—that it would not, upon which the
House adjourned, and 
Mr. ORR. I thought the gentleman was going
to propound a question to me.
Mr. WASHBURN. I am going to presently.
[Laughter,] With the gentleman's permission,
however, I will proceed to state 
Mr. ORR. The gentleman has my permission
to ask me a question, if he wishes, but not to pro-
ceed with a history of the legislative proceedings
upon thi" bill.
Mr. WASHBURN. "Well, then, I ask the
gentleman if I have not stated the matter right?
[Renewed laughter.]
Mr. ORR. Why, sir, in the " noise and con-
fusion" that prevailed in the Hall, I did not hear
what the gentleman's statement was. [Great
laughter.]
Mr. Chairman, it is a very easy matter, when
bills are proposed here, and gentlemen do not
choose to take the responsibility of voting directly
upon them, to give them the "go by," by allow-
ing them to sleep for six months upon the Speak-
er's table, and in various other ways, and thus
defeat them, when, if they came to a direct vote,
they might pass. For myself, 1 do not conceive
there has been, at any time since the veto of Mr.
Polk, a majority of the House of Representatives
in favor of the passage of this bill. I believe the
veto of President Polk wentagreat ways towards
effectually destroying the validity of this chum in
the public estimation. I think it was a good land-
mark, and a landmark that ought to be adhered
to. I do not know that it ought to be adhered
to as a party measure, but if there were no higher
considerations operating upon gentlemen upon this
side of the House, I think they should at least
manifest a disposition to sustain the action of
President Polk. I think they should scrutinize
closely any claim which has been presented here
over and over again for forty years, once vetoed
and again presented, before they agree to pass it.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York, (interrupting )
I have looked at Mr. Polk's veto message some
time since, and I cannot remember that he assigned
any other reason than that we were then at war,
and could not spare the money. I ask the gen-
tleman, now that the Treasury is full, whether
that reason is applicable? [Laughter.]
Mr. ORR. Mr. Chairman, my friend from
New York has not read President Polk's veto
message with the care and astuteness with which
he usually reads State papers. If he had, iie
would have found some other reasons than that
we were engaged in a foreign war, and had not
the money to spare. If that had been the only
reason, he would not have been justified, in the
public estimation, in vetoing the bill.
But, to come back to the point where 1 was in-
terrupted. And let me say that I had no expecta-
tion of saying anything upon this subject, until I
saw the bill was about to go by default. The
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] indicated
his purpose, if no gentleman desired to say any-
thing upon the subject of the bill, to move that the
committee rise and report it to the House, but at
the same time, as he said, with no desire to press
the motion, if any gentleman desired to discuss
the bill. I wanted to propound a question to the
gentleman, which I did; and it is out of that that
this debate has arisen. When I had succeeded in
fixing, by the admission of the friends of the bill,
the claims for French spoliations at from ten to
twelve millions dollars, 1 then desired to know of
the gentleman from Virginia how he could justify
himself in paying five millions for a just claim of
ten millions.. Sir, I ask this House, in all honesty
and fairness, if they can consent to ask a citizen
of the United States to receive fifty cents on the
dollar as payment of a just claim against the Gov-
ernment?
Sir, you will find that the restriction at the close
of this bill will not operate as a restriction at all.
You will find that when five millions are expended,
these applicants will come here for the balance
of their claim, and the Government, having estab-
lished the validity of the claim itself, will be bound
to pay it. You will find that, if you pass this bill,
the Government will not be relieved from its lia-
bilities, on account of these French spoliations,
until thirty, forty, or fifty millions have been ab-
sorbed from the national Treasury.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have risen for the pur-
pose of making a few remarks, not to be dignified
with the name of a speech, upon the subject now
under consideration, and especially upon the re-
markable course of argument pursued by my
friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Ore,] and my
mend from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard.]
lhey have very carefully enforced upon the com-
mittee the fact, that a much larger amount than
