376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,.
Mr. ORR. I move to lay the resolution closing
debate on the table.
Mr. WARREN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. ORR called for tellers on that motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Boyce and
Lyom were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 72, noes 72.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and
nays; which were not ordered.
The Spea'ker voting in the affirmative, the House
then adjourned, at twenty minutes past three
o'clock, till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
"Wednesday, January 24,1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Sucer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, information in reference to such troops
of the State of Texas as may now be, or have
heretofore been, in service in that State, and who
have not been paid by the United States, and the
amount necessary to pay said troops; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered
to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEW ARD presented the memorial of Her-
rick Aiken, presenting, for the consideration of
Congress, his viewsas a practical inventor, of the
operation of the present patent laws, and propos-
ing an amendmentto the same; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Also, a petition of citizens of Ontario county,
and four petitions of citizens of Madison county,
New York, praying additional grants of bounty
land to such of the soldiers of the war of 1812,
and to the widows and heirs of those deceased, as
have not received one hundred and sixty acres of
land, and that each officer and soldier of said war,
and the widows of those deceased, may be allowed
a pension; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of William
Archer, praying the construction of a railroad and
telegraph from the Atlantic ocean to the Bay of
San Francisco, and the enactment of a law for the
protection of the gold in California; which was
referred to the select committee appointed on the
subject of the Pacific lailroad.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition of
Anthony Phelpti, a revolutionary soldier, praying
a pension; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Also, the petition of Eliza Gibbons, mother of
Thomas E. Gibbons, who died in the naval ser-
vice, praying a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the memorial of the
Metropolitan Mechanics' Institute of Washington,
in the' District of Columbia, praying a charter of
incorporation; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HOUSTON presented the memorial of Ed-
ward D. Tippett, praying the appointment of a
committee to examine a method invented by him
of navigating the air, and an appropriation to
enable him to exhibit it; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. MALLORYpresented the memorial of G.
A. Magruder, a lieutenant in the Navy, praying
to be allowed the pay of a captain during the time
he acted in that capacity on board of the frigate
Columbia; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CHASE presented an additional document
in relation to the petition of Mrs. Lewright Brown-
ing; which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That John T. Hiidreth have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills; which were thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore.
A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue a register to the bark Martha; and
A bill to authorize the issue of a register to the
bark Foundling, of Boston.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to ask the Senate to
take a very short Executive session, for a purpose
which I cannot now explain to the Senate. It
will occupy but a few minutes. If we get in-
volved in the business of the day, we shall cer-
tainly adjourn without giving me the opportunity
to submit the motion. I therefore submit the
motion now to go into Executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business.
After some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of John T.
Sprague, in behalf of Margaret S. North, pray-
ing that a pension may be allowed her, submitted
an adverse report thereon; which" was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the memorial of
Husted & Kroehl, praying to be authorized to
remove the obstructions at Hell-Gate, within ten
years, and to defray the expenses of the same
by levying a tonnage duty on all vessels passing
through that passage during that period, reported
adversely thereon, and asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred so much of the President's message
as related to the commerce of the United States,
reported a bill to amend " an act to carry into
effect a treaty between the United States and Great
Britain," signed oh the 5th of June, 1854, and
approved August 5, 1854; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the Committee on Pensions, to
whom was referred the petition of Chambers C.
Muliin, praying to be allowed a pension, submit-
ted an adverse report thereon; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
petition of Johanna McNamara, widow of Daniel
McNamara, who was killed while in the civ,;!
service of the Government, praying to be allowed
some compensation in consideration of her loss,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
wasrefeired the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives granting certain additional powers to
the Corporation of Washington, reported it back
with sundry amendments.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a memorial of
commissioners appointed by the General Assem-
bly of Tennessee, February 28,1854, praying the
aid of Congress in preventing the overflow of the
east bank of the Mississippi river, caused by the
leveeing of the west Imnk, under acts of Congress
appropriating lands for that purpose, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Tampa,Flor-
ida, praying an appropriation for coppered stakes
to mark out the channel of Hillsborough bay and
river, from the Big Oyster bar to the town of
Tampa, and a beacon on Long bar, at the entrance
of the river channel, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
The committee have submitted the petition to the
Light-House Board, who promise to examine into
the matter, and report at the next session of Con-
gress.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration, and that
they lie on the table, on the ground that the ob-
jects sought to be attained had been included in a
general appropriation bill for like improvements,
already reported by the Committee on Commerce:
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Waukegan, Illinois,on LakeMichigan;
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Chicago, in the State of Illinois; and
A bill making an appropriation for the continu-
ation of the breakwater in the harbor of Burling-
ton, on Lake Champlain.
The motion to discharge the committee from
their consideration was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of Alexander Randall, executor of Colonel David
Randall, late deputy paymaster general of the
United States Army in Mexico, praying that a
law may be passed by Congress authorizing the
settlement of his claim for services as receiver of
duties and assessments levied in the city of Mex-
ico, for the support of the Army of the United
States, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which was read, and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill from the House of Representatives author-
izing the corporate authorities of Georgetown to
impose additional taxes, and for other purposes,
reported it back with sundry amendments
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the following
petitions, submitted adverse reports thereon; which
were ordered to be printedr
The petition of Elizabeth S. R. Sailly, praying
a pension;
The petition of Sarah Vincent, widow of John
Vincent, praying a pension; and
The petition of John S. Devlin, praying a pen-
sion.
Mr. TOUCEY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill of the
House of Representatives to reorganize the courts
in the District of Columbia, and to reform and
improve the laws thereof, reported it with amend-
ments.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had this day approved
and signed an act for the relief of David B. Sears.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that they had passed -a bill of the
Senate authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to issue a register to the bark Colonist under the
name of The Lilly.
Also, a bill to change the names of the Ameri-
can-built vessels J. H. Holmes and Franklin
Pierce.
LE CAZE AND MALLET.
Mr. BRAINERD, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to whom \yas referred the
I amendment of the House to the bill for the relief
| of Frederick Vincent, administrator of James Le
Caze, survivor of Le Caze & Mallet, reported it
back,and recommended a concurrence therein.
The bill is to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Frederick Vincent, administrator
of James Le Caze, $4,890 82, which appears to
be due to him on the books of the Treasury for
advances made to the Government of the United
States in 3783, with interest on the sum, at the
rate of six per cent, per annum, from December
31, 1846, when his claim was presented to Con-
The amendment of the House was to strike out
the words;
"And that he pay him interest on the sa-d sum, at the
rate of six percent, per annum, from the 1st day of Decem-
ber, 1846, when his claim was presented to Congress,3'
and to insert:
iC Provided, Thnt the same shall be received in full of all
demands on the Government on this account.,3
The amendment was agreed to.
ALEXANDRIA AND WASHINGTON RAILROAD.
.Mr. DAWSON. "Phe Committee on the Dis-
Columbia have instructed me to report a
bill m relation to the Alexandriaand Washington
Railroad Company, and I ask that it may now
be put upon its passage.
The bill was read a first and second time by
unanimous consent, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It will authorize the company to extend their
