1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
377
road from any point on the-Virginia side of the
Potomac to which it may be constructed, into the
District of Columbia, connecting with the Balti-
more and Ohio railroad depot; to establish a steam
ferry for the'purpose of the connection, if neces-
sary ; to make the necessary piers and fixtures for
constructing and-operating it; and to exercise all
the rights and privileges conferred unon the com-
pany by the act of August 3, 1854, authorizing
the extension of the road into the District by
•crossing the Potomac at or above the aqueduct of'
the Alexandria .canal, in like manner as if the
road shall be constructed as contemplated by the
act; It will also repeal the provisions of the act of
August 3, 1854, which are inconsistent with it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to suggest to the
author of the bill an amendment which I think
aught to be incorporated into it. It is this: that
in crossing the streets, the road shall not cross
them upon a level with the street. That would
prevent a ereat deal of danger.
Mr. DAWSON. The bill does not relate to
that. It is merely, to authorize the company to
make a, connection across the river.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir; but I understand
that they will run the road through the city also,
as well as establish that connection.
Mr. DAWSON. That is authorized by the
charter of last year; and this has nothing to do
with that at all. It is merely to authorize them
to cross the river.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will it not cross Pennsyl-
vania avenue ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Unless this is passed they
cannot put ill operation the charter of last year;
and 1 do think that, in authorizing this, we ought
to provide that the road shall cross the streets
either above or below the level.' There is more
danger to life, there are more casualties incurred,
from the crossing of cars on the level of the
streets, in the running over of teams, and car-
riages-, than perhaps from any other cause; and, I
believe, in no other country butthis is that allowed
to be done. They can either put the track so high
as to pass over the street, or sink it a little lower.
I think that in the national capital we ought to
protect the inhabitants from the casualties which
are constantly occurring by running over car-
riages and persons, and the consequent loss of
life. I am unwilling to authorize the construc-
tion of any road unless there be a provision of
that kind; and 1 shall move an amendment to that
effect, and hope the Senator will accept it.
Mr. DAWSON. The bill authorizing the ex-
tension of the road through the city has already
been passed. This has nothing to do with it ex-
cept-to authorize them to run a steam ferry across
the river. The limitation of the powers of the
company is sufficiently provided for in the bill;
and it can produce no mjuiy whatever.
Mr. SHIELDS. As it seems to be necessary
to examine and consider this a little more, I will
move its postponement for the present for the pur-
pose of taking up the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope tihe question will be
taken on the bill, because it is so absolutely neces-
sary. The Long Bridge will have to be removed;
and they will not attempt to place their rails across
it. There is nothing wrong about the bill.
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator from
Georgia will allow the bill to pass over until to-
morrow, in order to have it printed, so that we
can look at it and see what it is.
Mr. SHIELDS. I make a motion to that effect.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Army appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. COOPER. I laid resolutions upon the
table yesterday, and gave notice at the time that I
would ask the indulgenceof the Senate this morn-
ing, for a few minutes, and but for a very few, to-j
give xny reasons for calling for the information
which is contemplated by them. 1 shall occupy j
but a very short time. I do not like to interfere 1
with my friend; but I find that when I give way
ence, I am called upon to give way again; and it
is not often I trouble the Senate for a purpose of
this kind.
Mr. SHIELD3. I regret exceedingly to be
called upon to give way; but in a case of this
kind I cannot persist. I will state the reason
why I press this bill, and thea I will give way.
The Army appropriation bill has been longhere—
I think some weeks. We have generally com-
plained that the House does not send the appro-
priation bills to us in sufficient tune for us to
consider them property, but that they postpone
them to the end of the session. This bill has come
into this body for the purpose of obviating that
objection. The Department calls upon us to pass
it as soon as possible. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, and the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, are told that it is
indispensable,.and we are held responsible for not
seeking to bring it forward. I will also state that
a message has come to us from the President, and
has been on our table for some days, which says
that we are in imminent, danger of an Indian war.
The Indians are forming, and are likely to come
down on the frontier settlements; and something
ought to be done immediately to prevent it. So
that it is important to consider the bill. If, how-
ever, the honorable Senator will occupy but a few
minutes, I will give way for him.
Mr. COOPER. I will postpone the remarks
which I have to make—and they are very few—
until to-morrow, and make them during the morn-
ing hour. That will, perhaps, be more satisfac-
tory.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hop" that suggestion will
be adopted.
Mr. EVANS. Isuppose that the specinlorders
have a preference. We have a hill before us
which proposes to discharge the obligations of the
Government to the officers of the Revolution. It
has been in the Senate ever since the 6^h day of
February last. On two occasions I succeeded in
getting it up for consideration; but it was post-
poned on one excuse and another, and it is here
now, the 24th of January, unacted upon. It has
been partly acted upon twice, and I think it is
entitled to the preference over all other bills. I
hope, therefure, the Army appropriation bill will
not be taken up to force it out of its proper po-
sition. I beg leave to say now that I do not pro-
pose to discuss it. I trust I have too much good
taste to say again what. 1 have said already; and
I shall add very little to it. 1 do not suppose it
will take ten minutes to consider the hill. I am
willing to take a vote upon it. 1 am not very
solicitous about the result ot' it; but, until its fate
is determined, the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims do not know how to act. There are nu-
merous cases which this bill provides for the settle-
ment of in the Department. If the bill is to be
rejected, and not acted upon atall, it is theduty of
the committee to report on those cases; but, as
the matter stands, we do not know what to do,
whether to report or not. I hope, therefore, the
Army bill will not be taken up in preference to the
order of the day. There are two bills before it;
but I have the consent of the Senators who have
them in charge to pass over them for the purpose
of taking up this bill. I therefore move that the
Senate pass by the other special orders, and rake
up the bill to provide for the final settlement of the
claims of the officers of the revolutionary army,
and of the widows and orphan children of those
who died in the service.
The PRESIDENT. The first question is on
the motion made by the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Shields.]
Mr. CASS. This is the second day which has
been assigned for the consideration of bills—three
or four, I think—providing for improvements in
particular cases, which are very important in them-
selves, and which, perhaps, less than any others,
bring up no constitutional question. This is the
second day which has been specially assigned for
them. You know, as well as 1 do, the nature of
the business; and unless some of these subjects
are taken up soon, they will certainly fail. 1 pre-
sume the Army appropriation bill will pass in a
few minutes; but if we let these go by again, the
session may pass away without our doing any-
thing.
Mr. SHIELDS. If the Army appropriation
bill passes in fifteen minutes, it certainly will not
be any obstruction or obstacle to those matters to
take it up now. Besides, my experience has been
that these appropriation bills are never passed
over when the chairman of the respective commit-
tees come in and say they are necessary for the
public service. The honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Hunter,] who lias reported the Army
bill, has been endeavoring to call it up day after
day, but it has been postponed merely on account
of the bounty land bill. 1 now, as chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, come forward
and state that the Department considers the exi-
gency such as to require that it should be acted,
upon as promptly as possible.
Mr. CASS. Although the Army appropriation
bill may lead to but little discussion, 1 do not wish-
to run the risk of putting these other subjects
aside. Matters may be introduced on that bill
which will lead to discussion; and, I repeat, if the
improvement bills are displaced, nothing may be
done with them, this session.
Mr. HUNTER. There are matters connected
with the Army appropriation bill which certainly
require the early consideration of the Senate.
What they may determine, I know not; but those
subjects should be acted on at once. As the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs has
said, the question of employing volunteers against
the Indiana is before us. The Secretary of War
is of the opinion that there is danger of an Indian
war, and he thinks it expedient to employ volun-
teers. Some action ought to be taken at once in
regard to it. Tnese are subjects which we a?e
anxious to bring before the Senate, to have their,
determination in regard to them.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to make a remark in
support of the proposition of the Senator from
Michigan. It is known to the Senate that, weeks
ai;o, the suhiect of internal improvements was
made the ordl'r of the day for to-day.
Mr. CASS. The second time.
Mr. PRATT. Yes, sir, for the second time.
If, therefore, the Senate postpone this order of
the day, it will be evincing, on its part, an indis-
position to take up the subject at all. I am well
satisfied that a large majority of the body are
disposed to vote for the appropriations contained
in the bills which we have made the order of the
day. I do not know that they will provoke dis-
cussion at all. They will not necessarily lead to
it, because, as the Senator has correctly remarked,
they do not conflict with the veto message of the
President on the subject of internal improvements.
They steer entirely clear, I think, of the objec-
tions which he has raised in that message. I
hope, therefore, that that subject will be taken up,
and that the Senate will proceed to act upon those
bills to-day. We have been in session more than
a month, and I think we have not adopted a single
important practical measure since we have been
assembled We should do something. Wehave
occupied days and weeks, almosta month, I thick,
with the discussion of a bill which, I believe, the
honorable Senator who introduced it now aban-
dons to its fate, after all that discussion. I hope
we shall take these bills up. They will certainly
be of some practical utility to the country.
Mr. BRODHEAD. As my friend from Mary-
land has alluded to me, I must say that I do not
desire to abandon the bounty land bill; but I must
deliver it over to those who have amended it with
so much care and attention. They have incor-
porated into it a pension bill. They have so
enlarged its provisions that I scarcely know my.
own bill, it goes beyond the scope aod design
which I intended to give it when I introduced it.
I therefore deliver it over to the tender mercies -of
the distinguished Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Clayton,] aided by my colleague arid the ac-
complished -Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Badger,} hoping that they will be more success-
ful than I have been.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The first bill in order,
among the special orders for this morning, is the
one to remove obstructions .to navigation in the
mouth of the Mississippi river, at the Southwest
Pass and the Pass a 1'Outre.
The PRESIDENT. There are other special
orders before that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am speaking of thespecial
orders which were made for this morning.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the question will be
taken.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope, to arrive at some
practical result, that the Senate will take into con-
sideration the motion which I now submit, to take
up the bill that I have mentioned.
The PRESIDENT. The motion of the Senator
from Illinois is pending.
Mr. BADGER. I shall certainly vote for the
motion which my friend from Illinois has made.
