380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
reperts-from thi? Apartment, and the commanding general;
and* I deem it unnecessary to repeat the considerations
therein set forth, as to the propriety of litis measure.
Very respectfully, your obedient pervant,
JEFF. DAVIS, Secretary of War*
Hon. R. M. T. Hunter,
Chairman Committee on Finance, Senate.
Mr. PRATT. This may be a very small sum;
but it occurs to me that' it is a very useless ex-
penditure to stereotype a book in an age like this,
and a book upon such a subject, when the military
tactics, of the world are improving ever^ day. it
is:proposed to stereotype a book of practice to-day
which may be altered to-morrow, or next year.
I think this should not be done, If the system
be erroneous, this might keep it in existence in
the country longer than it would be if the book
were not put in that permanent form. I greatly
prefer it should not be stereotyped. We live in
an age, I thitik, when nothing ought to be stereo-
typed; nothing is sufficiently permanent to require
it.
Mr. HUNTER. *Mr. President, stereotyping
is here a measure of economy. It will not require
much additional expense to stereotype the woik,
and it is necessary that a great many copies of
this book should be minted, in order to disperse
it among the people, particularly amongst the
militia. It is to introduce a new system ol tac-
tics upon which we have a report of a board of
officers—a system of tactics for bght infantry,
rifle*, and eldrmiehers. I understand it is to
enable our Army to make progress according to
the improvements of the age on such subjects,
that this system has been proposed; and, sir, as a
system has been adopted, it is necessary that the
means of informing the people and officers in
regard to it, should be placed within the reach of
the Department. It is a small, and, I believe, a
necessary appropriation,
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 think the honorable Sena-
tor is right. This change is deemed necessary*,
and, I think, it is necessary, and especially in
those branches of instruction. This is the only
way, it seems to me, in which this improvement
can be effected.
Mr. PRATT. Well, sir, let it be passed.
Mr. AVELLER. 1 suppose the mam advant-
age we derive from this appropriation is to attain
uniformity in the mode of drilling the troops m
the several States. We have a very small stand-
ing Army, and whenever we are involved in a
war we are necessarily compelled to call upon the
different States for militia and volunteers. It is
very important that there should be uniformity
in the manner of drilling in the respective State?,
so that when they are brought into one field
together they will all have the same tactics.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. There are no more amend-
ments from the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have some amendments
to offer, from the Committee on Military Affairs.
The first is to insert:
For repairs, improvements, and new machinery at
Springfield armory, $54,000. For new machinery at Har-
per's Ferry armory, ,$20,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask if that is accord-
ing to estimate.
Mr. SHIELDS. X hold the estimate of the
Secretary of War in my hand. It can be read if
desired.
Mr. HUNTER. It is sufficient that there is
an estimate. I do not ask for its reading.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have presented the amend-
ment according to the estimate of the Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section;
Sec. — Jlnd be U further enacted, That the board of
officers appointee! under the M.xth section of the act " mak-
ing appropriation? for the fupport of the Army for the year
ending the 30th June, 1853," appiovet! August 3lf l&W, js
hereby authorized and directed, in addition to the powers
and duties already conferred upon it, to extend its exam-
inations to claims arising from the destruction of properly
by the troops serving under the command of Lieutenant
Colrnol John C. Fi£mont,ijin California, in the jears 184G
and 1847, by his orders, as well as foi the destruction oj prop*
erty by the enemy, caused by the occupation of the claim-
ant's premises by the said United States troops. That the
eaid hoard is empowered to tummon and examine wit-
nesses under oath, gnd take testimony, if necessary, in
California and elsewhere. That for the pajment of the
claims reported favorably upon by the board, in us report
to tlu* Secretary of War, dated the 5th of December, 18;*i4.
(Executive document 8, Thirty-Third Congress, second
session,) including that numbered J97, being the claim of
Santiago E, Argu£ilo, and amounting to and for
th,e compensation of the members of said board for and-
during their period of service as'sucti, at a rate not exceed
ing ^3,00!) per annum each, deducting therefrom their Army
pay, the sum ot §40,548 be, and the same is hereby, appro-
pnated out of any money ni the Treasury not, otherwise :
appropriated. And the Secretary of the Tieasury is hereby
authorized and directed to pay to the treasurer of S'id
board, out of any money in-thu Trcasuiy not otheiwise
appropriated, the sum of $10,000 for the contingent ex-
penses of the said board, including therein otflee rent and
clerk hire, stationery,(fucl, the payment of witnesses' fees
duly summoned by the boaid,at a rate not exceeding those
paid by the United States district court in California, or
elsewhere, as the case may be, the traveling expenses of
said board, not Exceeding sixteen cents per mile to each
member, and other incidental expenses.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that this is
matter for a separate bill. It ought not to
placed on a general appropriation bill. I do riot
see why we should provide for claims on this bill.
The amendment is a provision for claims against
the Government. Surely this is not the place to
make such a provision. It ought to be in a sep-
arate bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. This board was originally
organized by a clause in an Army appropiiation
bill. Under the Army appropriation biilapnroved
August 31, 1852, the Secretary of War appointed
this board by virtue of a provision in it. The
hoard proceeded in the investigation of the claims,
allowed some, rejected others, and suspended
others for want of proof. The proof cannot be
procuied in Washington; and the object of this
provision is to enable the board to proceed to Cali-
fornia, where the proof exists, and finish the
investigation. The investigating has been com-
menced by these three officers; and, permit me to
say, no board could have been managed with mme
skill, ability,^nnd integrity, than this has been.
The only question, (he honorable Senator will see,
is, whether we shall stop in the middle of this
affair, or whether we shall conclude it at oncc.
This is the only mode of pursuing it.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that it is a
very grave question, whether we shall put claims
on a general af^nropriatton bill. 1 do notthink we
should be justified in doing ao, because we can
find some instance in which a contrary practice
has been pursued by the Senate, i know we can
find m n great many appropriation bills items that
ought not to have been put upon them, winch
were incongruous with the general object of the
bills. Here is a provision for the payment of
the awards of a board. I will ask the honorable
Senator from Illinois whether he believes the
award in thn c-i«e to which 1 refer is right.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Committee on Military
AfFairs examined the subject carefully. The board
was appointed by the War Department, under a
provision contained in the Army appropriation
bill 
Mr. HUNTER. I think the Senator does not
understand me. I asked him if he had examined
the claim which is proposed to be paid by this
amendment? The committee select one claim,
and they propose that it shall be paid.
Mr. SHIELDS. That chum has been passed
on by the board, and allowed,and it has also been
received and considered by the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. GWIN. And a bill for the relief of the
claimant passed the Senate two or three years ago.
Mr. SHIELDS But it was not passed by the
House. The object is to make up foi the laches of
Congress in relation to this particular claim. The
honorable Senator will see that the only question
is, whether we are to finish this mailer now, and
let the board proceed to the conclusion of the
business for which it was organized; or whether
we shall let the matter remain as it is, unfinished,
and drop off in the middle of the proceeding. The
1 officers who constitute this board are Colonel
! Smith, Major Lee, and Colonel Thomas; and
j they have aheady proceeded so far with the in-
| vestigation, and understand the subject so well,
! that no new board could accomplish what they
; can, or accomplish it in half the time. They have
! allowed a portion of the claims, and rrjected
! others. The remainder have been suspended for
] want of proof, and we piopose to give them au-
j thonty to proceed to California, and deiermine
! them there, where all the evidence can be procured.
1 Mr HUNTER. I am not objecting to the
board, but I am objecting to the selection of one
private claim, which, I understand, was passed in
a separate bill before, and inserting ft in a general
appropriation bill, thus giving it a priority over
other claims. The same reason might be alleged
in favor of every other just claimant who might
seek to get his claim inserted in some appropri-
ation bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. At* the last session, all the
claims which were allowed by this board, were
paid under a clause in the Army appropriation bill,
except this one. By some means, it was omitted
when the others were paid. This is to include a
claim which was neglected, at that time, in a sim-
ilar bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have another amendment
to* offer, from the Committee on Military Affairs,
as a new section:
Sec. 3. -And be it further enacted, That the provisions of
an net entitled ''an act for the payment of civil offiens
employed in the Territory of New Mexico while under
military government," approved July 17, 3854, be, and the
same are hereby, extended to embrace the case of Lieu-
tenant Colonel J. M. Washington, deceased, hue of the
Aimv, for an 1 during the period of his appointment and
service as military Governor of New Mexico, ex officio,
superintendent ot Indian affairs, and commander of itie
troops, prior to the formation of the civil government.
Colonel Washington, who perished on board
the steamer San Francisco, as brave an officer as
ever served in the United States Army, was
omitted from the appropriation made on a former
occasion, for the compensation of those who acted
as Governors under what is called the Kearny
code, which allowed the Governor $2,COO a year,
I believe. Perhap^he was omitted in consequence
of the sad catastrophe which terminated his life.
This amendment is to pay to his representatives
what the Kearny code allowed him for the short
tune he acted as Governor of New Mexico, a little
over a year, I think.
Mr. "HUNTER. This is as good a private
claim as the other, and as that was inserted in the
bill, I suppose this should also be included.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. The next amendment is to
add the following, as an additional section:
Rkc. 4. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$'*0 000 be and the same h hereby appropriated, to be ex-
pr;,d'*d under ihe direction of the War Department, m the
puichase and importation of camels and dromedaries, to he
employed for military purposes.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHI ELDS. I have another amendmentto
offer, from the committee, as a new section:
Sbc. 5. Jindbe it further enacted, That the provisions of
the first section of the act entitled " an act making aporo-
priatjojv lor the support of the .Army, for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1851," approved September 28,
granting extra pay to the officers and enlisted men of the
Army serving in Oregon and California, be extended to the
oflieers and men composing the garrison of the post of Fort
Laramie, on the Orecon route, for the same period of time
a* was almwt d by the sixth section of the act of the 3d of
M.trch, 1853, to the officers f.nd men of the companies cf
the regiment of mounted riflemen that<?arrisonrd i'ort Lar-
amie ; and that the provision*: ol the same section of the
same act be also extended to the officers and men compos-
ing the escort to the Mexican boundaiy commission, while
they were serving as such escort.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs a question in
relation to this amendment. A few years asjo we
passed an appropriation giving extra compensa-
tion to the officers of the Navy, seamen, and ma-
rines who served on the Pacific coast from the
Mexican war up to the passage of the law of Sep-
tember 28, 1850. The officers and soldiers of the
Army stationed in California have ever since been
petitioning to be put on the same footing with the
officers and sailors of the Navy,and I should like
to know from the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs whether that committee has taken
the subject into consideration ? I know that me-
morials have been sent to them on the subject
time and e^ain; and surely there can be no rea-
sonable objection to placing those men in the same
position with the officers and sailors of the Navy
who received extra pay under like circumstances.
Mr. SHIELDS. This amendment does not
touch that, point at all. When the proper time
comes, I shall explain the action of thecommittee
to which the Senator from California refers.
When I state the object of this amendment, he
will understand it immediately. A rifle company
which happened to be at Fort Laramie, at a cer-
tain period, received extra pay, the same as was
allowed to the officers and men in California, New-
Mexico, and Oregon; but, by some oversight, the
other soldiers and officers who were stationed at
Fort Laramie, at the same time, did not receive
