1855.
•TRfiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
the extra allowance. There are only a few of them,
and it is but an act of justice to put them on the
eame footing with the rifle companies who re-
ceived the extra pay.
Mr. GWiN. The Senator did not understand
my question, or, at any rate, he has not answered
it. I wished to know if the committee intended
to offer an amendment to' include the class to whom
I referred ? My reason for asking the question is,
that if the committee do not intend to move it, 1
shall offer it as an amendmentto the present prop-
osition. I cannot present it in order, unless as an
amendment to an amendment reported by a com-
mittee. For this reason,unlessthecommittee pro-
pose to provide for the case, I shall be compelled
to offer an amendment to this amendment, to put
them on the same footing.
Mr, SHIELDS. I shall be ready, when the
honorable Senator makes the motion, to state the
action of the committee in regard to the subject.
At present I have confined myself to an explana-
tion of the amendment before the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will offer an
amendment to put the officers and soldiers of the
Army on the sattte footing with the officers and
sailors of the Navy, I shall have nothing to say
on the subject; but if not, I shall be compelled to
move an amendment to his proposition to include
them.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have no such amendment
in preparation.
Mr. GWIN. Then I give notice that, after the
bill shall be reported to'the Senate, and before the
question shall be taken on concurring in this
amendment, I shall move to amend it, so as to in-
clude those to whom I have referred.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Committee on Military
Affairs have also authorized me to offer this
amendment, as an additional section:
Sec. 6. And be if further enacted, That the same allow-
ance in respect of rations be hereafter made to the military
commandant of the Schuylkill arsenal, in the qtMiiormas-
ter'sj department, as to the commandants ot the arsenals in
the ordnance department.
This is in conformity with the recommendation
of the War Department. I hold in my hand a
letter from the head of the Department on the sub-
ject; but I presume there will be no objection to
the amendment, and no necessity for reading the
letter.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have, also, a further amend-
ment to offer:
See. 7. And be itfarther cnacfcd, That the military store
Keeper at Rome aisenal, New York, he allowed, from the
1st day of October, 18-4:3, the same compensation as h
authorized by the act of the 2.U1 of August, 18-1-2, 10 he paid
to the store keepers at (he Washington, Pitt^bursj, and
Wateivliet arsenals, and that there be pai*l to military store
keeper J. S. A. lieale, twenty dollaisa month for and during
the nine he lias performed the dunes of comiuisMi y and
assistant commissary of subsistence, and Quartermaster.
The amendment was agreed to.
, Mr. SHIELDS. The next amendment is to
insert the following, as an additional section:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the laws grant-
ing extra pay to the officers and sokher^'who have served
in California, apply to chaplains who were attached to the
Army iu California during the period embraced by such
laws.
Mr. HUNTER. I shouM like to have an ex-
planation of that amendment. I do not under-
stand it.
Mr. SHIELDS. Extra pay was allowed to the
officers and soldiers who served in California
during the time when it was supposed that the rates
of living there were exceedingly exorbitant; but
in the law allowing that extra pay, the chaplains
■who were there with the Army, and subjected to
the same expense, were omitted; and this is to
put them precisely on the same footing. They
were omitted because they did not happen to be
commissioned officers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have another amendment:
Sec. —Aj id be U fut ther cnacfed, That the appropria-
tion of $70,0U0 made by the Army appropiiation bill of
1854, for the purchase of" breech-loading rilles, shall he ap-
plied, If the Secretary of War bhali deem any application of
the same necessary to th .* service, to the purchase or man-
ufacture of rifles or muskets of the best and most approved
quality.
Mr. CASS. I should like to know the object
of this amendment. I have stated to the Senate
before, that there ia no use of piling up arms in
our armories and arsenals to a large extent. I
have thought for years that the ordnance depart-
ment of this country has gone far enough, and
that we had better stand still. All the experience
of Europe shows that we are making arms which,
from day to day, become almost useless, and we
are put to an enormous expense either to throw
them away or adapt them to new improvements.
The result of the experiments which have been
going on in Europe has-been to throw away al-
most all the small-arms, which they have been
using. There are improvements in the manu-
facture of arms every day. Such being the
ease, [ am willing to accumulate materials, but I
would stop the manufacture. We have a mil-
lion of small-arms now on hand—as many, I
stated to the Senate on anotner occasion, as
Napoleon had when he commenced the campaign
against Moscow. We do not need them; they
are liable to decay. It is proposed that we shall
go on and make just the sat-ne appropriation for
the manufacture of arms that we did forty or fifty
years ago, without any regard to the change of
circumstances. I have no objection to this amend-
ment, if it be necessary; but I do not see the ne-
cessity. Yet I have great faith in my friend who
is at the head of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, and I am inclined to trust to his judgment
on matters which come within the cognizance of
his committee. The war now going on in Europe
will not close without vast improvements in every
species of fire-arms. That being the case, I do
not see why we should be accumulating arms
which we shall have, in the end, to throw away.
That is the difficulty which suggests itself to my
mind.
Mr. SHIELDS. I agree with every word
which the honorable Senator from Michigan has
said, and this amendment accomplishes what he
desires. It is not making a new appropriation.
The appropriation refericd to in the amendment
was made last year, and it was confined to what
is called a breech-loading rifle. The object of this
amendment is to enable the War Department to
avail itself of that appropriation to introduce *any
new improvement which may be made in fire-
arms, and may be proved to the world to be use-
ful by the war to which the Senator alludes.
Mr. CASS. I shall not oppose it.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to ask my friend
from Illinois whether this has ever been passed
upon by the Committee on Military Affairs?
Mr. SHIELDS. The amendment was agreed
to by the committee.
Mr. "WELLER. I certainly did not under-
stand, as a member of the committee, that they
ever passed on the amendment in this shape.
Mr. SHIELDS. I believe the honorable Sen-
ator was not present on the occasion when the
committee agreed to report this amendment. An
appropriation of $70,000 was made at the last ses-
sion for the purchase of breech-loading rifles.
This amendment widens the authority conferred
by that act, and enables the Secretary of War to
use that sum to purchase the best possible fire-
arms that he can find.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I now offer two amendments,
which I desire to have acted on together.
The Secretary was proceeding to read one of
the amendments, which proposes to appoint three
commissioners to treat with the Indians for their
lands, and to negotiate with them respecting future
peaceful relations. The other amendment was
understood to be a series of sections to authorize
the President of the United States to call out three
thousand volunteers to suppress Indian hostilities.
Mr. RUSK. That will evidently lead to dis-
cussion. I have an amendment to propose, based
! on an estimate of the War Department, which was
not sent in time for the action of the committee. I i
hope the honorable Senator will give me an oppor-
tunity to offer it before action is taken on the
proposition which he has just submitted.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am willing to accede to that
request.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
If there be no objection, the amendment which
has been presented by the Senator from Illinois
will be passed by informally, for the purpose of
allowing other amendments to be offered. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. RUSK. 1 offer an amendment to come in
after the appropriation for the pay of the Army:
For pay, supplies, and • traveling expenses of six compa-
nies of mounted volunteer?,called into service by the Gov-
ernor of Texas and mustered into the service of the United
States, $137,755 3d.
I have here the estimate on which this amend-
ment is based:
Estimate of amount required to pay six companies of
Texas volunteer?, (called into service by Brevet Major
General p. F. Smith, United States Army,) for six Jnonths,
under the act of 19th March, 1836:
Six companies for six months.. $118,076 04
Estimated traveling allowance      34
Amount $137,75.) 38
BENJAMIN F. LAIiNED,
Paymaster General.
Paymaster General's Office, January 16, 1855.
There is also accompanying this estimate a
letter from the Secretary of War showing the
propriety of the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. Let that letter be read.
The Secretary read, as follows:
War Department, ?
. Washington, January 21, 1855. $
Sir: In answer to the resolutionof the Senateof the 11th
Instant, " that the Secretary of War be required to lay
before the Senate such information as may be in his De-
partment in reference to such troops of the State of Texas
as may now be, or heretofore have been, in service in that
State, and who have not been paid by the Government of
the United Slates, together with estimates of the amount
necessary to pay said troops," I have the honor to state,
that the only troops which are believed to come within the
terms of the resolution are the six companies of mounted
volunteers, called out by Major Generat P. F. Smith, com-
manding the department of Texas, and mustered into the
service of the United States at Austin, Texas*, on the 1st
November last, to serve for six months. The muster-rolls
of these companies not having yet been received at the De-
partment, no exact estimate of the amount necessary to
pay them can now be made/ The one made by the Pay-
master General, and submitted herewith, is conjectural;
but the amount of it, ($137,755 38,) if appropriated, will
probably be sufficient for the purpose.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFF. DAVIS, Secretary of War.
Hon. J. D. Bright, President pro tempore of the Senate.
The following is the Paymaster General's letter
referred to:
Paymaster General's Office, January 16, 1855.
Sir : I have the honor to submit herewith, in compliance
with the resolution of the Senate,dated the 11th instant, an
estimate of the amount required for the payment of six
companies of Texas mounted volunteers, called into ser-
vice by Orevet Major General P. F. Smith, for the period
of six months.
The estimate includes subsistence and forage for the
whole period, iheic being no muster-rolls to show whether
these allowances were furnished in kind. The item for
u traveling allowance" is, for the same reason, entirely
conjpctuial.
1 have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, BENJAMIN F. LARNED,
Paymaster General,
Hon. Jeff. Davis, Secretary of War.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am instructed by
the Committee on Military Affairs to offer an
amendment comprising two additional sections.
The first section is a bill which was passed by the
House of Representatives at the last session, and
sent to the Senate; and the second section is an
amendment made by the Senate to the House bill.
The bill was lost for want of time. It makes no
appropriation of money, i think it is very im-
portant to the country and to the interests of all
concerned. The amendment is:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the annual dis-
tribution of arms to the several Mates, under the act ap-
proved April 23,18(18, entitled "An act making provision
foi arming and equipping the whole body of the militia of
the United States," shall be hereafter made according to
the number of th^ir Pceprerentatives in Congress respect-
ively; and that arms be distributed to the Terutories and
the District of Columbia in such quantities and under such
regulations as the Predentin his discretion may prescribe.
Sec.— And be it further enacted, That the Governors
of the several Stared and Territories be, and they are hereby,
authorized to sell,"to the best advantage, the arms hereto-
fore distributed, or which may be hereafter distributed, un-
der the act of Apiil 28, 1808, and invest the funds an&tng
out of such sales in other arms mare suitable for the pur-
pose contemplated by said act.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask the Senator from
Tennessee if this proposition is recommended by
the Department, or does it come from a commit-
tee ?
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. It comes from the
Committee on Military Affairs. I will state to
the Senator from Virginia the circumstances, and
then I am sure he will have no objection. The
first section of this amendment' was a bill which
was passed by the House of Representatives and
sent to the Senat.e at the last session. The Senate
committee amended it by' adding a second section.
