mi
THE CO-NGRESSIOHAL GLOBE.
January 24.
this clause, ae it stands in the billj* changes the
direction of Ihe appropriation as to its location at
any rate. A few years hence, it may be neces-
sary for those not aware of this direction, to search
for the appropriations which have been made for
the extension of the Capitol. The first place to
which a person would naturally look for such an
appropriation, would be the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bills. On looking at those bills, he
would find, that for four sessions past, if not
more, we had regularly made appropriations for
the extension of the Capitol in those bills. When
he had proceeded in his examination, that far, he
would go on through all the civil and diplomatic
bills, and he would find nothing more on the sub-
ject. Then he must go back and hunt through the
other appropriation bills.
Mr. BAYARD. Allow me to make a sug-
• gestion. If the object was to ascertain the number
' and amount of the appropriations, it would not
be necessary to resort to the bills. That can
always be found on the books of the Department
where the disbursements are made. There is no
difficulty in tracing the appropriations without
the bills.
Mr. JOHNSON. But, sir, a Senator, on many
occasions, may go to a Department, and go re-
peatedly, and come away without receiving any
satisfaction in the shape of information; and mem-
bers will naturally rely for their information on
the public records and libraries which are here, to
give them the true history of the past. It seems
to me that, by our action, we ought to secure as
much facility and regularity as possible in the
transaction of our business. There is no haste in
this case, which requires this appropriation to be
made immediately. There is no urgent reason
why we may not wait until the passage of the
civil ami diplomatic.appronrintion bill. The chair-
man of the Committee on Finance I hope will state
to the Senate if such be the case. Btit, even if
there were a necessity for passing it immediately,
I should vote against retaining it in this bill, be-
cause I do not believe that it has properly any
business here. This is not the place for such
appropriations. They h.ave never been put here,
and they never ought to be put here.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, 1 should regret
to see this appropriation stricken out. We all
know that this was a matter of great cuntroveisy
at the last session in the [louse of Representatives,
and I should not desire to see that subject mooted
there again. There is a necessity for some appro-
priation, and for this appropriation, in order to
carry on the work in the extension of the Capi-
tol. It might, perhaps, have been well if it had
been introduced 111 another bill; but still, it seems
to me, that is too small a matter to justify us
in striking out the appropriation now; and re-
opening the subject foi discussion. 1 presume
the reason for inweiting the appropriation here is,
that the work is under the charge of an engi-
neer, and thnt engineer belongs to the War De-
partment. Why this was done originally, it is
hardly worth while now to explain. 1 believe
that, arrangement has worked well. -I think we
have seen good fruits arising out of it. It was
not done from any idea, as the Senator from
Arkansas seems to suppose, that the Secretary of
War was peculiarly fit to manage such matters;
but because it was believed that ihe engineer who
had charge of it was managing it well; and inas-
much as he belonged to Ihe War Department, the
appropriation, I suppose—[ never inquired the
reason—was put into this bill.
Now, sir, I do not think that the vain effort to
Ereserve rongruity in the index to our laws would
e a sufihient reason for striking this appropria-
tion out of the bill. That evil has gone so far; the
subjects which have been included in the various
appropriation bills have been so multifarious, that, '
I think, we should not remedy the evil much by
striking out this particular appropriation. I should
be glad, therefore, if my friend from Arkansas
would permit it to remain. I do not think it can
iead to any mischief, and it may save us some
trouble. I know that he feels the necessity for
continuing this building; and I do notsupposehe
desires to reopen the discussim, in the Senate
or the House of Representatives, upon that for-
merly much-vexed question of civil and military
superintendence. I am sure 1 do not wish to see
it reappear either there or here. I hope, sir, that
the clauss will be retained.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, there is much
justice in the objection stated by the honorable
Senator from Arkansas. I have had some occa-
sion lately to revert to the earlier statutes of the
.Government, and it is singular what simplicity
there is pervading them all. You can tell, from
the very title of a bill passed in those days, almost
everything that is in it. Now you know nothing
of the contents of a statute by its title. The most
heterogeneous objects are brought together; and
those unwilling to vote for all of them are com-
pelled to vote against the whole measure, or to
hazard losing very important propositions which
they would desire to see carried. If this were a
question of first instance 1 should agree with the
Senator from Arkansas; but, as has been well
said by the Senator from Virginia, here is the
appropriation in this bill, and I can see no partic-
ular propriety in striking it out. I do not suppose
that at this time of day we can change the plan
for the building.
By way of illustrating the tendency to which I
have referred, I may allude to the fact, that the
honorable Senator from Illinois is about to pro-
pose, as an amendment to this bill, a proposition
for the increase of the Army. It should not be
here. This is a hill of appropriations to carry
into effect existing laws. The question involved in
the proposed increase of the Army is a very grave
one, and it should not be in this bill. I am not
opposed to the measure in itself, but I doubt the
propriety of inserting it in this bill, though I do
not suppose that anything 1 can say will prevent
its insertion. I merely mention it as an illustra-
tion.
I rose principally, sir, to say that, some time
since, when this bill wa3 referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance, I stared that, when the subject
! came up for consideration, I should ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Buildings, my
honorable friend from Delaware, [Mr. Bavard,J
some questions in relation to the probability of
accomplishing the three great objects of light,
hearing, and means of heating, in the new Cham-
bers for the Senate and the House of Represent-
atives. Since then I have seen the superintendent
of the work, a very intelligent man, and a most
excellent officer; and although I have doubts,
great doubts, about the result, (1 state it here, and
I am willing thnt it shall go on record that 1 have
doubti about the result,) I have satisfied myself
that the building has made such progress that it
will be almost impossible now to make any alter-
ation. f have doubts whether you will be able
to hear in that building, and those doubts are
confirmed by ihe experience of the whole world.
Architects bacnfice everything to beauty. Tlu-y
appeal to the eye, and not to the ear; and it never
serins to enter" into their heads that the first ob-
ject of a room is,-that it shall be such as to allow
hearing. Such a building as this presents a great
problem, and that problem is, simply, how you
are to hear everywhere anything that may be
spoken anywhere, (t is not like a church, where
the pulpit is in a particular place, nor like a room
with a French tribune, where you can stand in
one place, and can be heard distinctly all over the
room; but you are to hear distinctly from any
portion of the room; and, in rny judgment, noth-
ing but the greatest simplicity and destitution of
ornaments, plain walls, no arches, no domes, will
ji remedy the difficulty. 1 do not know that it can
11 be reached in this building.
j I understand that the experiments made on this
subject lately, by the British Government, have
cost them upwards of a million of dollars. They
have been changing and rechangmg their plans,
and I do not understand that the objects have yet
been attained there. Sir, it really does appear to
me, looking at the present building, that it has, as
the poet says,
" Windows that exclude the Ii<rht,
And corridors Uiat leud to nothing."
Here we have lamps burning in the middle of the
day, in all the conidors through which we pass j
to reach this Chamber. It is a shame to have such |
a building. I repeat, all is sacrificed to the eye. !
Mr. President, it has seemed to me that the air j
and the light of heaven were good enough; but the I
new room designed for the Senate Chamber, in the S
Capitol extension, I understand is not exposed
to the atmosphere on any side. It is absolutely
in a state of isolation. There are passages be-
tween the walls of the new Senate Chamber and
the extension.wa!l of the building, preventing the
air of heaven from coming in. The air is to be
pumped up, or pumped down, by some kind of a
machine, nobody knows what. I think, how-
ever, it is too late now to make any changes in it.
I must leave to my successors to ascertain whether
the building will suit them or not. I doubt the
result of the experiments which have been made;
they have not succeeded elsewhere; if they have
led to anything recently, it has been at a great
cost.
I shall not detain the Senate. I merely wished
to state the reasons why I would not press the
inquiry which I intimated on a former occasion I
should make. I was afraid, and I am yet afraid,
that ihe new Chambers for the two Houses will
not answer the purpos.e of hearing, which is
the first purpose. 1 have seen the superintendent,
a most excellent man, whom I have known for
many years, and I have come to the conclusion
that the building has now advanced to such a
state, that to undertake to alter it, would be im-
politic, if not useless.
Mr. JAMES. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings [Mr. Bayard] will
make an answer to the inquiries of the honorable
Senator from Michigan, 1 should much prefer to
have him do it. If, however, it is left to me to
answer the honorable Senator, I am prepared to
do so.
Mr. BAYARD. I did not understand the Sen-
ator from Michigan as addressing any inquiries
to the Committee on Public Buildings, or, of
course, I should answer them.
Mr. CASS. The view which I presented was
a mere speculative one of my own. I stated the
reason why I did not push the inquiries which I
had intended to make. Still, I should be happy
to hear the views of the Senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. JAMES. I shall occupy the attention of
the Senate for but a few minutes. As it is a sub-
ject on which there has been much controversy
and great difference of opinion, I think it would
be well to state, briefly, the facts of the case.
Mr. President, the construction of a room com-
bining all the principles which shall render it the
most advantageous at ihe same time, for speaking,
hearing, and ventilation, is an art so difficult in
its details, that, in rooms of any considerable mag-
nitude, the desired effects have seldom, if ever, been
produced. In the case of the Capitol extension,
it has been the object of those gentlemen having
charge of the work to avail themselves of all past
experience, and, by calling to their aid philosophic
principles and numerous experiments, to conquer
the difficulties as far as possible, and to furnish, for
the use of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, Hails as nearly perfect as the nature of
circumstances will permit. From what I have
learned of the plans and details adopted with re-
gard to these Halls, my belief is, that the efforts
expended upon them will prove eminently suc-
cessful.
Sir, I would first call attention to the forms of
these Halls, which are, m my opinion, the best
for the purpose that could have been devised. For
the accommodation of the Senate and House of
Representatives, even limited to their present num-
bers, rooms of larger areas than those of tl'ie
rooms now occupied by these bodies are evidently
required; and,^when we consider that the number
of members of each House of Congress is contin-
ually on the increase, the want of additional space
becomes still more apparent. The crowded state
of our galleries, too, render it highly expedient
that the accommodations for visitors should he
enlarged, that our fellow-citizens who assemble
here from every part of the Union, from time to
time, may be enabled, with comfort, to listen to
the debates in Congress, and witness its proceed-
ings. Due attention has been paid to both these
objects, in the construction of the new legisla-
tive Halls; in consequence of which, the Senate
Chamber contains an area of about nine thousand
square feet, and the Representative Chamber an
area of about twelve thousand square feet. To
accommodate these laige spaces to the human
voice and the human ear, is the object with v.hich
the forms and finish of the wails io inclose these
spaces has been studied and adopted. Thefoims
of both Chambers are oblong. The Senate Cham-
ber being one hundred and thirteen feet three
inches long, by eighty feet wide, and the Repre-
