THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
New Series No. 25.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 25, 1855.
sentative Chamber one hundred and thirty-nine
feet long, by ninety-three feet wide. Cubical con-
tents of Senate Chamber, two hundred and fifty-
six thousand eight hundred and sixty feet; cubical
feet of House of Representatives, three hundred
and ninety-six thousand five hundred and seven
feet.
The spaces thus confined within these walls,
appear, on the first thought, to be large to be filled
with an ordinary human voice. But experience,
which, by the way, is the best and only sure test,
shows that, all other circumstances being favora-
ble, even larger spaces are easily filled, while others
of much smaller dimensions, under circumstances
of an unfavorable character, present far greater
difficulties. In the largest theaters, for instance,
where there are no obstructions to sound, the low-
est and softest tones of voice from the stage are
distinctly heard in every part of the house; while
in many halls and churches of very limited dimen-
sions, it is with much difficulty that the speaker
can fill the space with his voice, and cause him-
self to be distinctly heard and understood. In the
former case, the rooms are high and properly
arched, and without columns, panels, &c., to
break the volume of sound, or to cause its revex*-
beration. In the smaller rooms, perhaps, these
low ceilings, groined arches, ornamented with
panels or block work, or both, and supported by
heavy columns, all obstruct the volume of sound,
and break it into fragments. Perhaps, also, by
having the walls themselves improperly construct-
ed, or constructed of improper materials, the sound
reverberates, and thus very much enhances the
evil. Sound, like liquids and solids, is subject
to the laws of motion and the laws of projectiles,
and somewhat in accordance with those laws,
aided by experiment and experience, should every-
thing pertaining to rooms for public speaking be
calculated.
The propulsion of the human voice may be con-
sidered as analogous to that of a stream of water
from the pipe of a fire engine. Soon after it has
been propelled from the pipe, it begins to expand,
and like the projected stream of water, the volume
of sound projected from the lips, though unbroken
in a clear spac£, immediately expands in all direc-
tions, and will be as distinct to the farthest limits
to which its projectile force can throw it, as at
the point from which it is projected, provided there
be.no obstructions or impediments in the way.
On the other hand, where obstructions or impedi-
ments intervene, it will either rebound, and thus
produce an embarrassing echo, or be broken up,
perhaps, and produce several echoes, and render
the articulation of the speaker indistinct, and be
productive of as many different, and probably dis-
cordant sounds, as there are various obstructions
and impediments in the way.
Sir, it tco frequently happens that architects,
rejecting philosophical principles, and the lessons
of experience, labor to embellish and ornament
rooms designed for public speaking, with the view
rather to architectural elegance, than to the laws
of acoustics. Hence the complaints so general of
rooms hard to speak in, and which difficulty is
most frequently attributed to the large dimensions
of such rooms, instead of the true causes. Prob-
ably there are few, if any, rooms in existence, so
large that a speaker may not be distinctly heard
in any part of them, while speaking in an ordinary
tone of vr>ice, in which the effect of the voice is
not destroyed or impaired by architectural means.
Rows of columns, paneled walls and ceilings, with
deep indentations, projecting block work, and
groined arches, all separate or combined, serve to
break the volume of sound into fragments, which
renders it extremely difficult for the hearer to un-
derstand, while it embarrasses the speaker, and
painfully enhances the labor of utterance. These
difficulties, as well as those originating in a dis-
agreeable reverberation of sound, can be avoided
only by the rejection of those architectural embel-
lishments that are calculated to produce them, and
by the adoption of walls of a plain and simple
style, and composed of suitable materials. I have,
sir, examined the plans, the designs, and the
25
drawings, for the rooms intended to be occupied
by the two Houses of Congress, which are now
in process of construction, and do not entertain a
doubt that they will be found, as far as speaking
and hearing are concerned, all that could be de-
sired.
Those rooms are not to be encumbered either
with columns, groined arches, deep indentations,
or bold projections. The whole, though elegant—
I would say, magnificent—will be plain and sim-
ple; the ceiling of glass and iron, and the walls of
brick, faced with marble. For this reason, there
will be nothing to break the volume of sound; and
I see no reason to doubt that, even the Represent-
ative Chamber, with its large dimensions, will be
as fine a room to speak in as any other one in the
country. Besides this, the arrangements of the
corridors are such that all sounds from without
will be absolutely and entirely excluded, and thus
all interruptions and embarrassments from that
source prevented.
Mr. President, much has been said, in connec-
tion with the Capitol extension, on the subject of
ventilation, and doubts raised, and objections
stated, as to the mode that has been adopted.
Ventilation is a difficult affair to manage in rooms
as large as those intended for the Senate and
House of Representatives, and requires a great
deal of study, the exercise of sound judgment,
and a close calculation. There are but three
modes of ventilation which would probably sug-
gest themselves: First, by means of doors and
windows opening into the exterior atmosphere;
second, by forcing air into the upper part of the
room; and, third, by supplying the fresh air by
means of air chambers beneath, through apertures
in the floors. The first of these methods, it will
at once be seen, is entirely impracticable. To
attempt ventilation in this way, would be to admit
into the rooms the exterior air, which would also
admit with it, all exterior sounds, causing great
embarrassment and annoyance. Besides, horizon-
tal drafts through rooms, are always dangerous
to health, and, in cold or wet weather, when it
would be necessary to have doors and windows
closed, the atmosphere of the room would become
extremely impure, oppressive, and unhealthy.
Of these facts, we have sufficient evidence from
our experience in this room, without resorting to
speculative philosophy.
Of the second method, that of forcing pure air
into the upper portion of the room, though con-
sidered by many entirely practicable and efficient,
I have entertained some doubls, and entertain
them still. I have no doubt, air, that by this
method a sufficient quantity of pure fresh air can
at all times be supplied; but, as this air must
descend to the floor, and in doing so, pass through
and mingle with the ascending column already
vitiated, my apprehension is, that it will itself
become impure by means of theadmixture. This
is one of the methods proposed to be adopted by
those having the charge of the Capitol extension;
but lest this might not prove all that might be
wished, they have also made due provision, if
necessary, to carry out the third one—to ventilate
the rooms by means of air chambers beneath the
floors. By this method, as well as by the other,
the atmospheric air will be forced in, in a con-
densed state, by means of a steam engine, and its
tendency to expansion will naturally produce an
ascending current for the constant and requisite
supply of the space above. Whatever may be the
result of the other method, X cannot entertain a
doubt of the complete success of this.
In the next place, sir, the question of tempera-
ture is connected with that of ventilation. It has
been found absolutely impossible to keep up an
uniform temperature in aroom oflargedimensions,
either by means of fires in stoves, hot-air furnaces,
or fire places. As fires are either increased or
suffered to subside, the general temperature will
be varied; and as the heat from these sources is
radiated from certain points, it can never be uni-
formly distributed. Hence, near the fire place,
the stove, or the register of a hot-air furnace, you
may find the mercury up to 80°, while in some
other portions of the room it has mounted no
higher than 50°. Either mode of ventilation pro-
posed, will entirely obviate this difficulty. The
entire body of air collected in the air-chambers,
from time to time, and without coming in contact
v/ith heated metallic substances, will be raised, in
cold weather, to any required temperature by
means of hot water, tind be so admitted as to per-
vade at once every portion of the area; and, by
that means, the temperature of the room may be
kept constantly at any given point, and uniform
throughout. In hot weather, when an increase
of warmth is no longer required, and a cooling
influence becomes more desirable, then, the spaces
into which the air will be compressed, withdrawn
from the rays of the sun, and the influences of
the exterior atmosphere, will act as a refrigerator,
and have the tendency to render the atmosphere
of the room fresh and cool, without exposure of
its occupants to unhealthy currents.
Mr. President, 1 am entirely confident that
one of the two methods provided for, will be
found fully and completely adequate to the pur-
pose of ventilation and warmth, and am not pre-
pared to say that either will fail. My confidence
in those who have charge of the work is such,
and in the plana proposed, that I have no hesita-
tion in predicting their complete success, and in
saying that, in my opinion, the arrangements,
when carried out, will give entire satisfaction.
Mr. President, before dismissing this subject,
I feel it incumbent on me to compliment the gen-
tlemen who have the charge of this great work as
superintendent and architect, Captain Meigs and
Mr. Walter. The energy and good taste which
these gentlemen have displayed, and the judgment
and rapidity with which the work has been pros-
ecuted up to this time, and the prompt and judi-
cious preparations made for its future progress,
and final speedy accomplishment are worthy of
high praise. It is my belief that it could not have
fallen into better hands; and that the whole, when
it shall have been completed, will stand as an en-
during monument to their fidelity and skill, and
the honor of our country. It is to be hoped, sir,
that no impediment may be thrown in their way,
and that all needful facilities may be extended to
them, to carry out and perfect the noble design
without unnecessary delay. I feel assured, sir,
that they will most fully discharge the duties of
' their trust, if from Congress they may receive, as
I have no doubt they will, as they have hereto-
fore done, due encouragement and aid.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I would not have it
supposed at all that, because 1 made an allusion to
this subject—for it was no more than that—I there-
fore expressed any doubt as to the qualifications
of the architect or superintendent. 1 intended no
such thing. No such idea entered my mind. The
superintendent of the work is an officer of the
Army, whom I have known for a long time. He
is entitled, both bycharacter, talent, and conduct,
to the highest consideration. I have great confi-
dence in him; but it is the subject about which I
doubt. The honorable Senator from Rhode
Island [Mr. James] has a right to speak on it
v/ith far more certainty than I have; but he will
recollect that there never was an architect, or a
projector of any sort who had any plan or project,
who was not sure it would be successful. This
is a part of human nature, and a very necessary
part, I suppose, in order to induce success. Per-
haps Napoleon's success was owing, in a great
measure, to his firm belief that he would be suc-
cessful. The author of every project is certain
that it will succee'd.
We have a practical illustration on this subject
in the difficulty which has been experienced in
England; and I rose particularly, at this time,
to ask the colleaeue of my honorable friend from
Rhode Island [Mr. Allen] to state a fact to
which he called my attention the other day, that
there recently appeared in the Edinburgh Review
an article confirmatory of what I have stated to
the Senate in regard to this matter. The best
talent of England has been employed on the sub-
ject for many years. Each man in succession
