1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
He also, from the same committee, to whom
■was referred the memorial of family L. Slaughter,
widow of Commodore Slaughter, of the Navy,
praying a pension, submitted an adverse report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted an adverse report of the Com-
mittee on Pensions, on the petition of John Brown,
praying back pension,to commence from thetime
he was disabled in the last war with Great Britain,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Margaret C. Hanson, widow of Weightman K.
Hanson, an officer of the Army, who died of dis-
ease contracted in the service, praying that her
pension may be made to commence from the day
of the death of her husband, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of George Felker, praying
that the children of George Felker, his father, may
be paid the amount of pension due him at the time
of his death, submitted an adverse report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
v/as referred the petition of the heirs-at-law of
Captain William Underwood, a soldier of the
revolutionary war, praying an increase of pen-
sion, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that the petitioners have leave to
withdraw theirpetition and papers, on the ground
that the Commissioner of Pensions has informed
the committee that the case can be adjusted at his
office, if application be made to him.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Oak-
ley H.Wright, piaying a pension in consideration
of his services in the Navy in the Tripohtan war,
and bounty land for services as a soldier in the
last war with Great Britain, submitted an adverse
-eport thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
<vas referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the relief of Jeptha L. Heminger,
reported it back without amendment. He also
submitted a report on the subject; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee oil Com-
merce, to whom was referred the petition of Jere-
miah Moors, praying compensation for services
performed and losses sustained in the construction
of alight-house on Bis Thunder Bay Island, in
Lake Huron,submitted a report,accompanied by
a bill for his relief; which was read, and passed
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of Susan
Palmer, widow of Junius B. Palmer, an officer of
the New York volunteers, in the last war with
Great Britain, praying to be allowed bounty land,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill granting
bounty land to Susan Palmer; which was read, and
passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
THOMAS MARSTOU' TAYLOR.
Mr. FISH. The committee of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill of the Senate for the relief of Thomas Marston
Taylor, have instructed me to make a report,
recommending that the Senate recede from its dis-
agreement to the amendment of the House. As
the papers in the case are in the House, I ask for
no action on the report at present, but that it lie
on the table
The PRESIDENT. That course will be pur-
sued.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. WELLER. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment moved on the day before
yesterday to the bounty land bill, by the Senator
from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] was agreed
to. I do not ask that the motion shall be consid-
ered now. I simply desire that the motion be en-
tered upon the Journal. I make the motion to-day
because it is the last day on which the reconsider-
ation can be moved.
The PRESIDENT. The motion will be en-
tered.
Mr. BRODHEAD. As my friend from Cali-
fornia has moved a reconsideration of that vote, I
give notice to the Senate that, at the earliest prac-
ticable moment, I shall move to take up the bounty
land bill.
NAVIGATION OF THE OHIO.
Mr. CHASE asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to
provide for the improvement of the navigation of
the Ohio river; which was read twice by its title,
and, on motion by Mr. Chase, made the special
order of the day for Monday next, when it is
expected the other bills for river and harbor im-
provement will be considered.
CONVICT AND PAUPER IMMIGRATION.
On motion by Mr. COOPER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolutions, sub-
mitted by him on the 23d instant;
" Resolved, That the President of the United States be,
and lie irf heieby, respect! ully requested to cause the Secre-
tary of State and the Secretary of the Treasury, respect-
ively, to communicate to the Senate sucll information as
may l>e contained in their several Departments, relating to
the transportation of convicts and paupers into the United
States from foreign countries, and what agency the Gov-
ernments to which they belong have had ill sending them
hither. Also, sucll information asthey rnaypossess relative
to the voluntary immigration into the United States of the
above classes, the numbers of each that have arrived here
within the last two years, whether voluntary or through
the compulsory agency of their respeetivo Governments.
" Resolved, That tile Committee on tiie Judiciary be, and
tile same is hereby, instructed to inquire what legislation,
if any, be necessary to prevent I lie Governments of foreign
countries from trailMportintimto the United States convicts
and paupers. Also, whether any, and what, legislation is
necessary to prevent tile volunt.ny immigration into the
United Wtates from foreign countries of either nf the above
classes of persons."
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, my object in
presenting1 the resolutions which have just been
read is to obtain, in the first place, such authentic
information from the Departments of State and of
the Treasury as may be in their possession, rela-
tive to the number ot foreign convicts and paupers
arriving annually in the United States, either vol-
untarily or through the compulsory agency of the
Governments to which they belong; and, in the
second place, to procure, if possible, such legisla-
tion as will prevent the country from becoming
the asylum and refuge of thieves, burglars, and
paupers sent from abroad.
I presume, Mr. President, Senators are aware
that a policy, which scarcely seeks concealment,
prevails amongst several of the States of conti-
nental Europe, in virtue of which, convicted and
unconvicted criminals and paupers are transported
to the United States, at the expense, and by the
direction of their Governments. This policy,
which is as unjust as it is unfriendly, should be
put an end to by legislation, if it cannot be accom-
plished by negotiation. Nations m amity with us
have no right to make of the United States a penal
colony; yet they are becoming so, by the tolera-
tion with which our Government has regarded
the practice of sending hither paupers and felons.
There is scarcely an emigrant shtp which arrives
in our ports that is not, to some extent, freighted
with I his kind of cargo. This has long been an
evil; but latterly it has increased in magnitude,
and to such an extent as to be justly regarded
with alarm. But a month or two since, a single
vessel landed m New York one hundred and fifty
paupers, and fifteen or sixteen convicts, wearing,
as the badges of their conviction, chains upon
their limbs. More recently, another vessel,
freighted with a similar cargo, was wrecked on
Sable Island, from whence the passengers were
carried to Halifax, and from Halifax were brought
to New York, by the way of Boston. By an affi-
davit made by one of these passengers, it appears
that they are natives of Switzerland, who, being
unable to support themselves at home, were sent
hither at the expense of the municipality to which
they belonged. The following is the affidavit:
"City and County of JS7ew York, ss.: We, the undersigned,
being duly sworn, do depose and say out, that we and our
families, whose number is correctly taken down opposite
to our names, oti the foot of this affidavit, are natives of
Switzerland ; that they were poor in their own country and
could not support themselves there any longer; that there-
fore the mayor of their village has paid their passage money
direct to New York, and that therefore their passage money
has not been paid by these deponents ; that they embarked
at Antwerp o>\ hoard the ship Arcadia, which vessel was
intended for New York, but wrecked at Sable Island ; that
they sailed from Boston on board the passenger steamboat
State of Maine, and arrived in the port of New York on
board the said steamer on the 2d day of January, 1855; that
they are now quite destitute and without any means for
support, except from commissioners of emigration; and
further they do not say.
[Here follow signatures.]
" Sworn before me this tenth day of January, 1855.
" EDWARD CASSERLY,
Commissioner (f Deeds."
But it is not only thriftless paupers who are
sent hither to add to the burden of our poor laws,
and stand between native misfortune and the relief
provided for it by charity. Felons, convicts,-deep-
dyed in crime, are sent to this country by their
Governments. Lately, the Sardinian Government
shipped to New York, on board a national vessel,
(the Degennes man-of-war,) thirty-four convicted
criminals. Whether they have yet arrived, I am
not able to say. But that they were shipped for the
port of New York there is no doubt. The Tri-
bune has the following paragraph in relation to
the subject:
"Information has been received here, from a private
source worthy of the highest confidence, to the effect that
the thirty-four persons in question are not mere political
offenders, but are convicted criminals of the most danger-
ous description, taken from the prisons of that country."
It is a common practice in several of the States
of continental Europe to auction off to the lowest
bidder, to the person who viH bring them hither
cheapest, their paupers, and, in some instances,
the inmates of their prisons and penitentiaries.
Agents of the great passenger lines of packet ships
are maintained in these States for the purpose of
making arrangements with the municipal author-
ities of the various towns, for the removal of their
paupers to Antwerp, Bremen, Havre, or other
sea-port towns, with a view to their transporta-
tion to the United States. In England, or rather
Ireland, a similar system is pursued; and Miss
Dix, amiable, benevolent, and philanthropic, as
she has proved herself to be, by a life of devotion
to the interests of suffering and unfortunate hu-
manity, writes to her friends in this country from
Ireland, where she is now sojourning, in terms of
indignation, excited by witnessing the practices
of the English Government, in pouring upon our
shores the polluted population of their hospitals,
alms-houses, and prisons.
Mr. President, it is time that a stop should
be put to these practices on the part of the Gov-
ernments of Europe. If it cannot be effected by
i negotiation, surely we have the power to do it by
legislation. The inherent right of every commu-
nity to protect itself against the contagion of vice
and crime, as well as of disease, will hardly be
questioned. We have our quarantine laws to
protect us against the introduction of small-pox,
cholera, and other kinds of pestilence; and these
laws we enforce even to the detriment of com-
merce. But hitherto we have neglected to guard
ourselves against a more destructive pestilence
than small-pox or cholera. While our sea-ports
and the gates of our cities ancf towns have been
closed against the contagion of disease, they have
been opened wide to admit the more fatal contagion
which is flowing upon us, in the shape of pauperism
and crime, from the prisons and lazar-houses of
Europe. We dread fever and the plague, and
endeavor to exclude them, while " the pestilence
which walketh in darkness and blighteth at mid-
day," has been suffered to enter without let or
hindrance. It is time we should open our eyes
and look the evil in the face; we should examine
our prison and alms-house statistics, and provide
a remedy, cost what it may.
An insult to our flag, by a failure to salute it
with the required number of guns, a refusal to
indemnify a citizen for a wrong committed on his
person or property, or the neglect of some point
of national etiquette by a foreign Government, is
always followed by a demand for explanation
and apology; and if explanation be denied, our
national pride takes fire, and war, ultima ratio
regmn, the last argument of Kings, is immediately
threatened. But against emptying upon us the.
contents of hospitals, and houses of refuge, and
prisons, we have nothing to object; we are tamely
acquiescent, for fear that opposition might be con-
strued into hostility to other classes of immigrant
foreigners, whose votes may be esteemed necessary
to the success of this party or that. Operated on
by motives so unworthy and unmanly, American
statesmen and legislators have stood by, with
folded arms, and permitted the fairest heritage
that Heaven has ever vouchsafed to a people to be
overrun by the inmates of foreign prisons, and
the corrupted and impoverished hordes of foreign
