390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
capitals. I am willing that this country should
continue to be the asylum of the oppressed of
every land, that oat of its abundance the virtuous
needy should be fed as heretofore; that in its
institutions, they should find protection for per-
son and property. But, Mr. President, the time
has come wnen the door of admission should be
closed forever against all settled and legalized pau-
pers, and all persons convicted or suspected of
crime, who shall be sent hither through the agency
of their respective Governments. If a stop be
not speedily put to this kind of immigration, the
fountains of public morality will be corrupted,
and the public safety compromised. Can it be
otherwise, when those who are brought here are
the vicious, the turbulent conspirators against
order, pickpockets, thieves, burners, and mur-
derers ? These people are the stuff of which mobs
areamade; they are the class which invade the
purity of the ballot-box, and interfere with the
elective franchise.
In the great cities of the Republic, in New York,
Philadelphia, Boston, Baltimore, St. Louis, and
New Orleans, the evils which have grown out of
the admission of theso,classes of immigrants have
become gigantic—frightful. Not only have the
irresolute and timid become alarmed at the mag-
nitude of the mischief which threatens the public
peace and endangers the public morals, but firm-
minded and far-sighted statesmen have likewise
seen and appreciated the imminence of the danger,
and the necessity of prompt and energetic meas-
ures to arrest it. The Mayor of the city of New
York refers to the subject in a late message to the
aldermen and members of the common council,
and has, also, addressed a communication on the
same subject to the President of the United States.
The following is an extract from his message:
"It has long been the practice of many Governments on
the comment of Kurope, to get rid of convicts nml paupers
by sending them to this country, and most generally to tins
port. The increase of cuine here can he traced to this
cause rather than to defect in the criminal laws or their
administration. An examination of the criminal and pauper
records, shows conclusively that it is btit a small proportion
of these unfortunates who are iiative*of {hniconnay. One
of the wry heaviest burdens we bear is the Mjpjioir oftJjp>e
people, even when considering the direct rost; hut when
estimating the evil intluences upon society, and the con-
taminating effect upon all who come within the range of
their depraved minds, it becomes a matter e.\ceedi gfy
serious, 51ml demanding immediate and complete eradica-
tion. I know of no subject of more importance; certainly
we have the power to protect this city against the landing
ol so vile an addition to our population ; ihe health, as well
as the hie and properly of the people for whom you legis-
late, require* Home action at your handn. T am confident
the General Government will listen to any representations
from you relating to it, and interpose its national authority
jn our behalf. On the 2d instant, f made this grievance the
subject of an official comuiuincdUon to the President of the
United States."
By Ihe extract from the message, which I have
just now read, but a very few of the dangers and
mischiefs to which the country is exposed from
this class of immigrants have been adverted to.
But it exhibits enough to lead to inquiry; and an
inquiry into the poor and criminal statistics of the
country is well calculated to startle the equanimity
and alarm the apprehension of every Christian and
patriot in the land. But before I proceed to call
the attention of the Senate and country to the
startling facts which these statistics exhibit, ]
desire to advert brielly to another mischief, not
■wholly, but, nevertheless, to some extent, the
result of admitting into the country the idle and
turbulent spirits sent hither in order to relieve
their own Governments of their dangerous pres-
ence. I refer, Mr. President, to the practice now
prevalent in the larger cities, of organizing volun-
teer companies and~battalions composed wholly of
foreigners, bearing foreign names, wearing foreign
unifurms, and parading under foreign colors. In
New York, Boston, and elsewhere, you hear of
German Yagers, French Chasseurs, Irish Greens,
Swiss Guards, ifcc.; and I am informed that in'
the first named city there is a brigade composed
entirely of Irishmen, and called the Irish brigade.
Now, sir, this is all wrong, and would be tolerated
by no other Government on the face of the earth.
When, by the liberal character of our institu-
tions, and the blessings and advantages which our
iaws confer, the subjects of other Governments
were invited to our shores, it was never intended
they should enter into separate organizations,
civil or military, or cultivate an esprit de corps
amongst themselves, calculated to leave them
foreigners in feeling and in habits, though dwell-
ing in our midst, and owing allegiance to our
laws. Naturalized foreigners should renounce all
allegiance to their former Governments, both in
substance and in form, and identify themselves
with the country of their adoption in the most
unreserved manner. Let them, if they please,
unite with our volunteer and militia organizations
for the purpose of acquiring a knowledge of the
use of arms; but let them beware of forming sep-
arate organizations, by which jealousy may be
excited, and doubts of their attachment to their
adopted country, and its people, created. Such
organizations of naturalized citizens, officered by
foreigners in strange dress, and mustering under
strange flags, will never be tolerated by the mass
of the American people. Their own banner—the
glorious stars and stripes—borne over their own
and their fathers' heads, both by land and sea, on
many a bloody day, is, with them, a holy em-
blem—holy as the Ark of the Covenant to the
Israelites of old, and associated with memories
that consecrate it in every American heart. No
heraldic blazonry, no matter how ancient, no mat-
ter who may have borne it, or over what fields of
deathless renown it may have floated in triumph,
can ever be compared, in our eyes, with the sim-
ple " stars and stripes." To raise another is to
destroy the idea of unity which it represents, to
intimate a doubt of its perpetuity, and manifest
a preference that is repulsive to every feeling
of our hearts. Foreigners, therefore, who have
renounced their allegiance to Kings, and made
themselves sharers with us in the heritage of lib-
erty and.all its concomitant advantages and bless-
ings, should cast behind them the insignia of
tyranny and rally with their native brethren in
hearty accord, under the banner of freedom—the
starry flag of the Republic. If they be Americans
in heart, it will cost them nothing to organize, and
if need be to fight and die beneath its folds. This
(lag has waved over the heads of heroes; and
though it was ridiculed but a few years since, as
a piece of "striped bunting," it now floats in
every sea, in proud equality with the tri-color of
France and the St. George of England; its shadow
affording protection to those who have a right to
claim it, in every quarter of the globe. Why,
tl en, should naturalized citizens apparently re-
p idiate it, by raising another? And why above
a.l, organize separately, when duty and sound
policy alike urge them to make their fellow-
ship with us perfect by unity of action in every
possible case.' If they have brought with them
feelings of attachment to their native land, let
them cherish them in their hearts, for such feelinp-s
are amiable and exist in every generous bosom.
No one will find fault with them for indulging in
memories winch carry them back to the homes of j
their childhood; and 110 one will complain, even if
they should confess, that there are things and '
places dear to their hearts, in the land they have
left. All we ask of them is, that having been re-
ceived as brethren, they should conduct them-
selves as such, and not as rivals or enemies.
It may be alleged, Mr. President, that these
people are none the less attached to our institutions
because they have formed military associations,
with a view to qualify themselves to defend and
uphold them. I do not charge them with a want
of devotion to our institutions. I have only com-
plained that they have formed separate organiza-
tions; that they have not, as both policy and
1 safety require, associated with them native-born
citizens; that these separate organizations are cal-
culated to excite jealousy; and that between these
foreign organizations and similar native organiza-
tions there is danger of collision, and of "such a
character as is frightful to contemplate. If, instead
of being formed of foreigners alone, these compa-
nies and battalions had been composed of some-
thing like equal proportions of natives and for-
eigners, the danger that is to be apprehended
would cease to exist, or exist only in a modified
form. I> rom these organizations there is nothing
to be gamed, even by those who compose them!
On the contrary, thesuspicion and jealousy which
they excite operate to their disadvantage. And
here, Mr. President, allow me to say, that, while
1 have not questioned the patriotism of the mass
qt those who compose these military organiza-
tions, I think there is reason to believe that many
ot the individuals belonging to them are desperate 1
characters, who would not greatly deplore such
a collision, as is not improbable in the present
excited state of the public mind. The great mass
of their own countrymen—those who come here,
in good faith, to seek a livelihood and ahome, are
seldom found connected with these associations as
members. Engaged in subduing the wilderness
of the far West, or pursuing their avocations in
the cities and towns, they have neither time nor
disposition to unite with them. But too generally,
if the testimony on the subject is to be believed,
they are composed of the idle and dissolute, of
those who, fond of the excitement of military
shows, have no fixed purpose in view, while the
number of the substantial men of business, whose
thrift would be a guarantee for the preservation of
order, is comparatively small. Under these cir-
cumstances, it is time that steps were taken to
correct the evil.
I am aware, Mr. President, that it is not fully
within the constitutional competency of Congress
or of the General Government, to provide what
might be regarded as an adequate remedy for the
mischiefs but too likely to grow out of these or-
ganizations. The President of the United States
has but a modified control over the volunteers and
other militia of the several States. To the States,
therefore, and the Governors of the States, it be-
longs to remedy the presently existing evil. But
Congress, also, has a duty to perform in reference
to this subject, by providing, as far as possible,
against the admission into the country of those
dangerous and desperate men who come here from
foreign work-houses and prisons by the compul-
sory agency of the Governments to which they
belong, if an adequate security against the future
transportation of this class of men into the coun-
try cannot be provided by negotiation, it should
be done by legislation. Congress has the power
to make such regulations as will effectually close
the door against the admission of this class of im-
migrants; and it will be recreant to one of its
highest duties if it should fail to exercise it. Not
only is the corruption of the public morals to be
apprehended from the admission of these men,
but the public peace and security are likewise
endangered by it. Private property, health, life,
morals, reputation, everything dear to communi-
ties and individuals, is endangered by receiving
this class of men. The evil is not a new one, it
is true; but it is frightfully on the increase. A
number of years ago, during the period, I am
informed , that General Samuel Smith was Mayor
of the city of Baltimore, a ship-load of Hessian
convicts, two hundred and sixty in number, were
brought into port, with manacles and fetters still
remaining on their hands and feet. General Smith,
having discovered the character of the passengeis,
detained the vessel at Fort McHenry until he
could communicate with the Secretary of Slate, at
Washington, on the subject, which he did. By
the latter, however, he was informed that there
was no remedy—there being no law to prevent
their landing; and so the citizens of Baltimore were
obliged to look on and see two hundred and sixty
convicts landed in their midst, and turned loose
upon society. So desperate, too, was the charac-
ter of these men, according to my informant, that
they had to be brought over in chains, and were
actually landed with their handcuffs and fettera
upon them.
Lately (so lately that they have probably not
yet arrived) the Sardinian Government, as I have
already stated, sent over, in a national vessel, ("the
Uegennes, man-of-war,) thirty or forty convicts,
men of desperate fortunes and lives; old convicts
who will here become schoolmasters of vice and'
learned professors of crime. Is it not time, Mr.
President, m view of such facts as these, that the
most vigorous measures should be adopted to pre-
vent the country from becoming a mere penal
colony of the Governments of Europe? Hating
our institutions, and jealous of the unexampled
progress of the nation m wealth, power, and great-
ness, yet afraid to assail us openly, does not" their
conduct, in this respect, almost look as if it were
the result of a determination on their part to con-
rupt the fountains of our prosperity by sappir"*
the morals of our people. For a far less offense
than that which is continually being committed
against us by the Governments of continental
Europe, war would be justifiable. But to this
extremity we need not proceed. There are o'her
remedial means less costly, and more effectual, if
not to punish the offending Governments, at least
to prevent the recurrence of the offense; and to
