1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
these we must have resort if we would stay the
flood of pauperism and crime flowing in upon us
from the Old World.
And who, Mr. President, permit me to ask,
will resist the attempt, or be offended at its suc-
cess ? Will the honest foreigner—who comes, bona
fide, to escape oppression at home and enjoy lib-
erty here—object because we refuse to permit the
asylum which he has sought as a home for him-
self and his children to become the refuge of
thieves, and murderers, or the thriftless inmates of
European work-houses? Our advantage,and the
advantage of our children, will be his advantage,
and the advantage of his children, from generation
to generation. Him, therefore, we cannot offend
by pursuing the course which the national safety
demands. Who, then, will complain ? It is easy
to answer: Those whom we shall offend—the
unfeeling, but calculating despots who send hither,
by compulsion, the wretched and miserable in-
mates of their alms-houses and hospitals, reduced
to poverty and want, and afflicted by disease in
cbnsequence of the burdens and hardships oc-
casioned by unjust wars, waged for conquest or
to gratify pride. They will complain, (but not
openly,) because, instead of fifty shillings paid per
head for transposing paupers to this country,
treble that sum will be required to maintain them
at home. Another class may also object to
the measures which we may take for our own
security—I mean the convicts and felons, who will
be left to expiate their crimes in the solitude of
native prisons, instead of pursuing a career of pros-
perous villany here, because their rulers will not
dare to turn them loose at home, though willing to
do it here.
I now beg leave, briefly, to call attention to the
state of pauperism and crime in the United States,
as disclosed by the census, prison discipline socie-
ties, and other similar associations. And first, I
refer to pauperism as it existed in 1850.
The foreign population of the United States, in
1850, as compared to the native, was nearly as one
to ten, there being21,947,274 natives, and 2,244,C02
foreigners. The whole number of paupers sup-
ported, wholly or nartially, in the last mentioned
year, was 134,792; and of this number, 68,533
were of foreign birth, leaving but 66,434 natives.
In 1850 the number of paupers supported in the
poor-houses of Massachusetts, and who received
partial support out of doors, was 15,777; and of
this number (! 530 were native, and 9,247 foreign-
ers. In New York the whole number was 59,855;
and of this 19,275 were natives, and 40,580 for-
eigners. In Pennsylvania the whole number was
11,551; and of this 5,898 were natives, and 5,035
foreigners. In Rhode Island, the whole number
was 2.560; and of this 1,115 were native, and 1,445
foreigners.
I biiall pursue these statistics of pauperism no
further, being compelled to turn to a calendar of
crime absolutely sickening in its details. And I
shall first call attention to the number of criminals
who were convicted by the courts of several States
in 1850. In Connecticut the whole number of
convictions was 850; and of these, 545 were na-
tives, and 305 foreigners. In Illinois the whole
number convicted was 316; and of these 127 were
natives, and 189 foreigners. In Maine the whole
number convicted was 744; and of these 284 were
natives, and 460 foreigners. In Massachusetts
the whole putnber wan 7,250; and of these 3,336
were natives, and 3,884 foreigners. In Missouri
there were 908 convictions; and of these 242 were
natives, and 666 foreigners. In New York the
number of convictions was 10,279; and of these
3,902 were natives, and 6,317 foreigners. In
Pennsylvania the number of convictions was 851;
and of these 594 were natives, and 293 foreigners.
In Vermont the number convicted was 79, of
whom 34 were natives, and 45 foreigners.
By a table published in the Compendium of the
Seventh Census, giving the number of convicts in
the prisons and penitentiaries of the several States,
out of every ten thousand of the population, the
proportion of natives and foreigners in that num-
ber is as follows:
In Maine, out of every ten thousand, is five
foreigners to one native. In Kentucky, six to
one. In Mississippi, ten to two. In New York,
three to one. In Tennessee, fifteen to two. In
Vermont, eight to one. In South Carolina, twen-
ty-eight to one. In Alabama, fifty to one. In
Georgia, six to one. In Indiana, four to one;
and the average in all the States is a fraction less
than six to one.
But it is in convictions for capital offenses that
the proportion of foreign and native-born becomes
startling. It is true, I have found no extended
datafrom which to make the comparison. But out
of two hundred and twenty convictions which took
place, in about eighteen months, in seven States,
viz., in New York, Pennsylvania, Missouri, Lou-
isiana, New Jersey, Massachusetts, and Mary-
land, there were one hundred and thirty-eight of
foreigners to eighty-two of natives. But our
wonder at the magnitude of the proportion of
foreigners to natives vanishes when we recollect
that hundreds and thousands of convicts, from
European work-houses and prisons, are annually
landed on our shores. Trained to crime at home,
and sent hither only because their presence en-
dangers the peace and security of society in their
native country, these men arrive here, in many
instances, direct from prison, and consequently
destitute of means of support. To obtain it,
they betake themselves to their old courses; and
not only do they commit crimes themselves, but
lead those with whom they become acquainted on
their voyage, and who are equally needy, into
their perpetration. These facts account, to some
extent, for the enormous disproportion between
the amount of crime perpetrated by the native and
foreign-born. But it is not only the convicts who
are sent hither and their pupils, who figure so
large in the dark calendar of crime. The paupers,
who are brought here by the compulsory agency
of their Governments, being thriftless at home,
become criminals here. Idleness is too often the
parent of vicc, as well as of want. At home, in
their own country, idleness begot want; and here,
both together beget crime. Here, then, is another
reason why the amount of crime committed by
foreigners rises in such huge disproportion above
the amount committed by natives.
I do not wish to be understood, Mr. President,
by what I have said just now, that poverty or
even declared pauperism furnishes evidence of
guilt. By no means, sir, would I be so under-
stood. 1 am aware that in European countries,
especially, there are so many clogs to industry,
so many burdens to be borne, and so much preca-
riousness in the means of procuring a livelihood,
that the honest and virtuous, as well as the idle and
vicious, often fail in doing it. In those countries
where every hour of the laborer's time is required
to provide a scanty subsistence for himself and his
family, a visitation of providence, afflicting him
with disease, may rentier him destitute, and com-
pel him to seek the aid of public charity, or see
his family starve before his eyes. Heie, where
wages remunerate better, though disease and
affliction should overtake the laborer, restoration
to health may restore him to the possession of com-
petence; but there, in the countries to which I
have referred, if the laborer should get behind band
but for a month, or even a week, he becomes a
slave, and his life a struggle with want. For de-
siring to free himself from the hardships of his
condition, and find a happier home arid plenty in
a land of plenty, no one can find fault. To such
our doors have been always open, and against
them, I trust, they will never be closed. Those
who come to this country, fugitives from injustice
and oppression, to cast in their lot and become
one with us, will always find a welcome. It is
not against the immigration into the country
of such as these that objection is made. It is
only against the admission of the turbulent,
evil-doers, conspirators—not against thrones and
throned oppression, but. against society—that I
object. Against the admission of these, and the
admission of paupers, declared such by law, and
sent to this country by the compulsory agency of
the Governments to which they belong, I object
in the name of the American people; and here
to-day, in my place in the Senate, ask that meas-
ures may be taken to prevent it for the future I
aslt this in the name of the naturalized as well as
of the native citizens. 1 ask it in the name and
on the behalf of all who have a stake in our insti-
tutions, of all who desire the preservation of social
order, who value the purity of the public morals,
the freedom of the elective franchise, and who are
interested in transmitting to posterity unimpaired
the heritage of liberty which our fathers left us.
But the preservation of this heritage, glorious,
beneficent, as it is, is impossible, if we permit it
to be invaded by men, trained to vice in the work-
houses and prisons of Europe, and sent here to
propagate disorder and crime. This class of for-
eigners, taught at home to repudiate everything
venerable in human institutions, have already
raised the standard of Atheism and irreligion in
our cities, and declared a war of extermination
against the dogmas of every creed—against the
faith which supported man in the past, and the
hope which animates him for the future. If these
apostles of vice and disorder are to be reinforced
continually with fresh recruits from the prisons of
the Old World, we will soon find that our statistics
of crime will need revision; mobs, riots, murders
will be multiplied; our courts of criminal jurisdic-
tion must be increased in number, and our work-
houses and penitentiaries require extension. It is
to prevent all this, at least as far as it is possible,
that I ask the interposition of Congress and of the
State Legislatures within their respective spheres.
Mr. BRODE-IEAD. Mr. President, I desire to
make a word of comment on the subject to which
my honorable colleague has referred. I have
listened with interest—as 1 always do—to his
remarks, and my principal purpose was to ascer-
tain what practical measure he proposed on this
subject. It is much easier to make a speech on a
subject of this kind than it is to introduce a bill
which conforms to the Constitution. Now, sir,
he has not told us in what mode he proposes to
remedy the evil of which he complains.
Mr. COOPER. Will my colleague allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. Certainly.
Mr. COOPER. If my colleague had paid
attention to what preceded my speech he would
have known the practical intent of it. There was
a resolution proposed by me, calling for informa-
tion, and on that information I stated, in the
course of my remarks, I expected action would
be taken. I introduced two resolutions, one re-
questing the President, through the Departments
of the State and Treasury, to furnish us with
information; and another, asking the Judiciary
Committee to act when such information should
be received. Sir, my colleague has once or twice
latterly, (once yesterday,) very ungraciously, as
it seemed to me, referred to his colleague. He
ought to be well enough acquainted with his col-
league to know that he will not permit himself to
be twitted or censured, for the mere purpose of
being twitted and censured.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, there is no
occasion for any irritation of manner on the part
of my colleague, or any language calculated to
excite unkind feelings. 1 stated yesterday, that in
delivering over the bounty land bill, I delivered it
to my distinguished friend from Delaware, [Mr.
Clayton,] aided by my honorable colleague and
the accomplished gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Badger.] They had succeeded in intro-
ducing amendments which, I thought, destroyed
its purpose. I assure my colleague that I alluded
to that fact in no unkind spirit.
Now, sir, 1 think there was nothing in the re-
mark which I just made to cause any irritation
of feeling or manner on the part of my colleague,
lie knows that he has a right to introduce a bill
on this subject to remedy the evil of which he
complains; and I wanted to know how, by such
a bill, he could comply with the Constitution, and
not interfere with State sovereignty. It is a sub-
ject over which I supposed the States had juris-
diction, and they have exerted it. Years ago they
exerted it, and the authority has been sustained by
the Supreme Court of the United States. In the
State of New York every foreigner who comes
there is taxed; every ship-owner that brings a
cargo of foreigners must give security that they
will not become paupers chargeable upon the city.
Do not the States and local corporations sustain
foreign poor' Then where is the jurisdiction in
Congress? Congress has power to " establish a
uniform rule of naturalization," and that is all.
Hence it was that I wished to know what prac-
tical measure of relief my colleague had to pro-
pose. I am opposed as much as he is to the in-
troduction of foreign paupers and criminals into
the United States.
And now, Mr. President, since my honorable
colleague has answered me in this spirit, I must
be permitted to say that he is very late in the day
in bringing forward this subject; for one month
ago, on the motion of the honorable Senator from
