892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
Mississippi, [Mr. Adams,] the whole matter was
referred to the Judiciary Committee. That Sena-
tor made a speech upon that occasion. The very
subject-matter contained in the second resolution
of my colleague is now pending before the Ju-
diciary Committee, upon the remarks and bill of
>tta honorable Senator from Mississippi, who espe-
cially directed their attention to the subject.
Mr. President, it must have been known to my
colleague—it was known to me, it is known to
almost all intelligent men in this country—that this
species of improper immigration has been thrown
upon our country; but how can we propose relief
here ? If he knows of any mode of relief, I should
like to know why it was not brought forward
here at an earlier day. I presume my colleague
was embarrassed on this point, as I have been,
because I do not know how to frame a bill which
would not conflict with State authority, State
rights, and State jurisdiction. All the Atlantic
States have inspection laws, quarantine regula-
tions, &c.
My honorable colleague has referred to improper
associations of foreigners. He has condemned
such associations; and I have nothing to say at !
this time in their defense, and, therefore, presume j
he will have no objections to accepting an addi- !
tional resolution. One of his resolutions makes a j
call on the Departments; the other instructs the ,
Judiciary Committee on the subject. As he has ;
referred to improper associations, I will ask him 5
to add the following as an additional resolution: I
Resolved, That all secret organizations for political pii- \
poses are contrary to the genius of our institutions, and ,
dangerous to the liberties of the people. j
Mr. COOPER. You can offer it as an amend-
ment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I had hoped my collcngue
•would have no objection to a resolution of that
kind. j
ThePRESIDTNGOFFICER, (Mr.Benjamin.) ]
The question is on the adoption of the amend- i
ment. i
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I desire to
move to amend the amendment which has just been
proposed by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Brodhead,] by adding to it the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved, That in our system of Government, free speech
ami open discussion are essential, not only for the purpose
of instructing the public mind, but also to secure a due
responsibility to the people in regard to political action,
and that al! societies which deliberate and determine upon
measures of public policy, secretly and apart from their Id-
low-citi7.ens, pursue a couibe winch must become danger-
ous in a popular Government, and will destroy, in the end,
that fraternal feeling and seiu-e of common inteie«t so
neccssary amongst citizens of the same State or Confed-
eracy.
Resolved, That the establishment of religious freedom in
this country was one of the great objects of the* Constitu-
tion of the United Staten, winch provid< d no other qualifi-
cation for office, in point of l.mb, than an oath to support
that Constitution, which presciibes that u no religion;- test
eliall ever be required as a qualification to any ofhoe or
public tiust under the United Stales," and declaies that
li Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment
of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof;" and
any political combinations, therefore, which seek, in any
manner, to attain the ends thus prohibited, through the
elective franchise, violate the spirit, although they may
evade the letter, of the Constitution as fully and completely
as if the same objects were accomplished under the forms
of law.
i submit these resolutions in addition to the
resolutions offered by the Senator from Pennsyl-j
vania. I shall have accomplished my object if I j
can procure a vote of the Senate upon these prin-:
ciples. I do not desire to discuss them unless [
they meet with opposition; but if there be any i
Senator here who desires to take issue upon the [
principles enunciated in these resolutions, I shall j
be very glad to break a lance with him. I offer j
these resolutions for the consideration of the Sen-I
ate, and upon their adoption I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I accept the amendment
of the Senator from California. Let us have a
vote on it.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not purpose at all to
discuss these resolutions. The first resolution
offered by the honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cooper] is a resolution of inquiry.
I have never known a resolution of inquiry to be
objected to in this body. It is to obtain inform-
ation in an official form, which we all of us may
have attained, but probably imperfectly and par-
tially, in a variety of modes, through newspapers
and otherwise. I can see no possibility of obtain*
ing the information in any other way. I do not
presume to inquire into any object which the hon-
orable Senator may have in seeking the inform-
ation.
The second resolution, referring the subject to
the Committee on the Judiciary is, in my judg-
ment, evidently premature; because, until you
obtain the information, I do not see what you
have to refer for the purpose of legislative action;
and it seems to me that the second ought not to
be adopted. The other resolutions which have
been introduced by the other Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Brodhead,] and by the Senator
from California, propound principles to which I
fully assent; but it seems to me that we should
not deal in abstractions here in the Senate, unless
there be some object to be effected by them out-
side of the enunciation of abstractions. If so, the
object ought to be declared; and we ought to
know the effect those resolutions are expected to
have. As to thepropositions themselves,itseems
to me we can all agree to them; but why are we
called upon to vote on such abstractions now ? Is
there any measure before us which requires it?
If not, on what principle should such resolutions
be passed ? And if they shall be appended to the
first resolution of the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cooper,] which was a mere
resolution of inquiry, for which, as such, I am
perfectly willing to vote, I shall move to lay the I
whole subject on the table. _ I
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the prior I
orders, that we may take up the Army appropria- i
tion bill. I
The PRESIDING OFFICER. What dispo-
sition shall be made of these resolutions ? They
are pending;.
Mr. HUNTER.. I move to postpone them. I
include all prior orders in my motion.
Mr. CASS. I do not mean to interpose the
slightest objection to that; but I wish to express
the hope that as soon as the Army appropriation
bill shall be disposed of, the Senate will take up
the bills which are pending, to continue some of
the most important improvements in the country.
1 do not oppose the proposition of the Senator
from Virginia, but I hope we shall have an oppor-
tunity to dispose of the bills to which 1 have
referred.
Mr. CLAYTON. I do not propose to interfere
at all in the debate which has arisen on the resolu-
tions presented by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. HUNTER. The motion before us is not
on those resolutions, but on taking up the Army
appropriation bill.
Mr. CLAYTON. The motion was to post-
pone the resolutions, and I have risen to debate
that motion. An allusion was made to me, in
common with two other gentlemen, bytheSenator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodhead,] in which,
if I understood him, he chose to say, that he had
delivered over the bounty land hill to thegentleman
from North Carolina, his colleague, and myself.
Now,sir, I do not know what authority that hon-
orable Senator has for delivering over to me a bill
which is before this body. If the Senate of the
United States refer a bill to me, I will take charge
of it. Nor do I know any reason why the hon-
orable Senator should desire to confer upon me
the labor of carrying through the bounty land
bill. He spoke of some amendments that had
been made by us. Why, the honorable Senator
certainly has no objection to the little amendment
which I caused to be put into the bill. It is an
amendment which is perfectly harmless, and was
intended to bring within the provisions of the bill
the volunteers who defended their country when
the British fleet in the Delaware attacked Lewis-
town.
Now, with regard to the point to which I sup-
pose the objection of the honorable Senator was
addressed 
Mr. HUNTER. I dislike to interpose; but I
must ask whether it is in order to debate an
amendment to the bounty land bill, which is not
before us, on a motion as to the priority of busi-
ness ?
Mr. CLAYTON. Very well, sir; then I make
the point on the gentleman from Virginia, that it
is perfectly competent for me to show good cause
why the bounty land bill should be taken up in
preference to his bill, and why the order which
he desires should not be made. We have learned
to-day, for the first time, the reason why that bill
has been postponed, and the Army appropriation
bill taken up in preference to it. If the honorable
Senator will have a little patience, I will give him
an argument in opposition to his motion.
But, sir, not to be interrupted in what I was
saying in reply to my friend from Pennsylvania,
I desire to say again that all his objections seemed
to me to be addressed to the amendment which
was offered by the Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Badger,] and for the reason, as 1 suppose,
that that amendment was carried here in opposi-
tion to the gentleman's wishes, he declines touch-
ing the bounty land bill any more, and consents
that the Army appropriation bill shall be taken up,
and that overslaughed. Indeed, if I understand
the honorable Senator aright, he is now opposed
to the bounty land bill. If I am wrong, as I trust
I am, the honorable gentleman can correct me.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My friend is certainly
wrong; I said, this morning, when I induced my
friend'from California to move a reconsideration
of that vote, that I should press the bounty land
bill at the earliest possible moment.
Mr. CLAYTON. I am very happy to hear
that, and I will join the gentleman in pressing it
I insist, now, that it should be taken up in oppo-
sition to the motion of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. It has been overslaughed; and why ? Is
there any measure more important or more ur-
gently demanding the consideration of the Senate
of the United States than that ? it was in progress
the day before yesterday; but yesterday we heard
not a word about it.
I was about to address some remarks to the Sen-
ate in vindication of the amendment moved by my
honorable friend from North Carolina. Perhaps,
however, it would be more proper to leave the
vindication of his amendment to himself; and I
shall do so, because I do not wish to occupy, un-
necessarily, the time of the Senate; but I say, now,
that I stand here ready to cooperate with my
friend from Pennsylvania, in taking up the bounty
land bill. I admit that it is not, in all respects,
exactly as either of us would wish it; but he
knows well—for he has served long in Congress—
that scarcely any bill of a general nature like this,
passes Congress except by compromises of opin-
ion; and we are compelled, on all occasions like
this, to defer to the wishes and sentiments of
others. We yield something of our own opinions
in order to obtain a great good. That is the case
with the bill to which I now refer. I say again,
sir, it is not exactly all that I would have it; but,
I trust, if there be defects in it, they will be
amended by the House of Representatives. That
is the place to correct any error into which we
may fall, if we cannot agree among ourselves to
correct it.
With regard to the resolutions offered by my
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cooper] I have
nothing now to say. I only wish to lemark, that
1 see nothing whatever objectionable in them. I
did not expect, at this time, that a general discus-
sion would have been introduced into this body
upon a question of national interest such as is
suggested by the resolutions offered by way of
amendment. Should the discussion upon the
questions thus suggested proceed, I tell the gen-
tleman from California and others, that I am not
unwilling to take my part in it; but at this late
stage of the session, the dtscussion'of a question
of such magnitude as is embraced in the amend-
ments proposed, could not possibly be had here
without interfering with the vital interests of the
country by obstructing measures of the most
pressing importance now before Congress.
For the reasons I have given, 1 hope the prior
orders will not be postponed for the purpose of
taking up the Army appropriation bill. But if it
be an amendable motion, 1 move to substitute the
bounty land bill in lieu of the Army appropriation
bill; and I desire the question may be taken on
that, if it can be done. It is entitled to preference;
it was in progress of discussion when this bill was
brought in and interfered with the regular consid-
eration of that which we have debated de die in
diem. And when we were about to take a final
vote on the bounty land bill, we were arrested by
the Army appropriation bill. I hope the friends
of the bounty land bill will not agree to take up the
Army appropriation bill until that is disposed of.
Is it m order to make the motion I have suggested ?
The PRESIDENT. The question must be put
