1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
395
also refers to his previous reports, in which he
urged on Congress the necessity for an increase of
the regular Army. In his annual report of 1853,
he urged it upon the consideration of Congress
with great force and earnestness. In his late
report of 1854, at the commencement of this ses-
sion, he made the same powerful appeal to Con-
gress. Nothing, however, has yet been done on
the subject. The regular Army has not been
increased. The force in the Indian country is
confessedly inadequate to protection. It is a force
to provoke and invite aggression, but not a force
to protect either the emigrant routes through the
Indian country, or the frontier settlements.
Sir, as the organ of the Military Committee, I
have had occasion, again and again, to bring the
subject to the consideration of this body. It is
due to that committee to say that not a single
appeal has been made by the Executive which the
committee have not unanimously responded to.
Every man on the committee, whether he was the
political friend of the Executive or not, has con-
curred in our action. There has been but one
feeling, one sentiment,and one voice in the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs in relation to this mat-
ter; we have acted together as a unit. Por this
body, also, I can speak. Every measure which
lias been recommended for the increase of the
Army, and the improvement of its efficiency, has
met a hearty response in the Senate; but some-
how or other,(I cast no reflections on any person
or any branch,) nothing has been done to increase
the regular Army.
Now, sir, let me give an illustration, to show
how wholly inadequate that Army is forthegreat
purposes for which it is intended. Why,itisnot
even a sufficient police force. It is only about
ten thousand men in all, scattered over a vast con-
tinent. Let me take, as an illustration, the mili-
tary department of the West, which includes the
country between the Mississippi river and the
Rocky mountains, except the departments of
Texas and New Mexico. There is in that
department one hundred and eighty thousand
Indians. What is our military force in that coun-
try ? One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five
officers and men; one hundred and eighty thou-
sand Indians, and one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-five officers and men to protect that immense
frontier!
Mr. CASS. I suppose that is the number on
the rolls.
Mr. SHIELDS. Yes, sir, that is the number
on the rolls, and not the effective number of bayo-
nets capable of performing service. Now, I ask
any'honorable Senator whether all the whites in
that immense region are not at the mercy of the
Indians? One hundred and eighty thousand wild
Indians, and not quite two thousand men scattered
over that whole country to protect our principal
emigrant routes to Oregon, to Utah, to New
Mexico, and to California. There is not one sol-
dier there to one hundred Indians. Ard permit
me to say, that the few men who are there, would
be better out of that country. They invite aggi es-
Bion by their presence. Their small number has
taught the Indians to contemn their force; and,
unfortunately, at one of the forts the Indians not
only attacked a little band of soldiers, butannihi-
Jated and exterminated them. This is the result
of the present condition of things.
When you turn to the Department of Texas,
things are not much better; but I have such a high
opinion of the Texans, that I do not think they
need quite so much protection as the poor fellows
who are traveling across the plains. I think that
men, who, in the infancy of their State, defended
themselves against all Mexico, can protect them-
selves against the Indians; but still, so far as the
United States are concerned, they might as well
be left undefended.
The same remark is true with regard to New
Mexico. My honorable friend before me [Mr.
Houston] knows the character of the population
of that Territory—civilized Indians and Mexi-
cans. These wild Indians go mere and carry off
their wives, their childien, their cattle, and their
horses, with impunity; and I am informed by an
officer whom I saw the other day, who has come
directly from that country, that they have now
some three or four thousand New Mexican women
and children in captivity. That number has been
earned off even since r.hey came under the Gov-
ernment of the United States. They expected
protection from us. Some of them rejoiced in the
change, because,above all thznes, men desire pro-
tection for life and property. Yet, sir, they have
been more harrassed by the Indians since they
became a part of this country than even while
they were under the feeble Government of Mexico.
California is very nearly in the same condition;
but, as I said in relation to Texas, the Cahfor-
nians are able to make a tolerably good defense in
case of necessity. Oregon and Washington Ter-
ritories are in a much worse condition. In Utah,
I take it for granted, they have men and women
enough to fight their own battles. [Laughter.]
Sir, in the country thus wholly exposed, are
the great emigrant routes to California and Ore-
gon. The emigrants who pass over them are liable
to be attacked by hostile Indians, and the frontier
settlements are in danger. We learn from inform-
ation which has been transmitted to us by the
Secretary of War, from the officer commanding at
Fort Laramie, that a confederation is in progress
amongst the hostile tribes for the purpose of de-
scending upon the frontier settlements this spring,
•and carrying general extermination along with
them.
Mr. HOUSTON. Where is that ?
Mr. SHIELDS. At the head waters of the
Missouii and the Platte; the names of the tribes
are given in the report. The great Sioux tribe
itself, consisting of a variety of branches, can
bring from six to eight thousand warriors into
the field. That is the force of only one tribe—
nearly all hostileat this tune. That tribe is enter-
ing into confederations with some others for this
purpose. Is it not desirable to prevent this, if
possible ?
Then the object of this measure is not to have
an Indian war. I know of nothing I should de-
plore more at this period of our history than an
Indian war; I agree with my honorable friend from
Michigan on that point. The object is to prevent,
such a war. From all the information which has
reached the Departments, unless there is some
demonstration of force made speedily, nothing on
earth can prevent a general Indian war. The
Secretary qf War, judging from the reports made
to him, says there are, at this moment, in a state
of hostility a sufficient number of Indian tribes to
muster forty thousand warriors, and that unless
something be done promptly, those forty thou-
sand warriors can be brought into the field by the
tribes in a state of hostility. If we should have a
general Indian war, with forty thousand warriors
on one side, I consider that five or eight thousand
troops might march through the Indian country,
but not conquer the Indians. Wecnnnot conquer
them in that way. It will take years to conquer
them. Nothing can conquer them but extermin-
ation. Instead of meeting the force you send
against them, they will elude your force, and
pounce upon the unprotected and defenseless fron-
tier settlements, and ravage them.
Sir, I have had the honor of leading volunteers
and also regulars, and I know the respective
merits, I think, of the two forces. For mere
fighting, when they are let loose, I would depend
as much on the volunteers as on any force on the
face of the earth; but I do not look upon volun-
teers as by any means the best force for this pur-
pose; and, therefore, I regret exceedingly the ne-
cessity which compels us to raise such a force.
They are not so well adapted for keeping the
peace as they are for fighting. I have had my
fears of the result, and those fears I have expressed
freely to the head of the War Department and to
the President. 1 fear that if we raise three thousand
volunteers, and add to them a thousand or two
thousand regulars, and put all under the command
of a gallant military leader, then, as my honorable
friend [Mr. Cass] said, on a celebrated occasion,
" war is inevitable." But I am happy to say that
the President gives all assurances that his object
is to prevent an Indian war. I have the highest
confidence in his conduct in this respect. lie will
send out these commissioners immediately, when
he has authority to appoint them, and they will
use every effort to prevent the necessity even nf
raising this force. He may be compelled, perhaps,
to raise a small number to send out with the com-
missioners; but his intention is not to raise the
three thousand men if he can avoid it. He does
not wish to call out a man more than is absolutely
necessary; but he says, the Secretary of War
, all our military commanders and Indian ;
agents tell us, that less than three thousand ought
not to be sent into that country if there is any
hostility. A less number would be of no use;
they would be worse than useless.
We propose to arm the Executive with the
power to call out three thousand volunteers, if
necessary. He says it is necessary. He says the
crisis calls for it. He says there is such an emerg-
ency, that the power ought to be granted now. [
should like to know who will take the responsi-
bility here in the Senate, without adequate inform-
ation on the subject, to say there is no such neces-
sity? Is not the President* the proper person to
judge of the necessity? He has the means of
information. Theagentsreporttohim; theofficers
report to him. Acting on this assumption, the
Committee on Military Affairs could not hesitate
to recommend the grant of this power; but, at the
same time, there is not a member of that commit-
tee who does not agree with me in deploring any
such necessity, and still more in deploring an
Indian war.
I do not know, sir, that it is necessary for me
to say more on this subject. 1 will consent to
strike out that part of the amendment which au-
thorizes the employment of five hundred friendly
Indians. I did not like it originally. I went to
see the Secretary in relation to it; and I must say,
in justice to that honorable and distinguished gen-
tleman, who manages his Department with such
efficiency, that he has no idea of u?ing them as
warriors, but merely to keep them back, and em-
ploy them as scouts and guides.
Mr. I3ELL. I understand that the first ques-
tion to be decided by the Senate is the proposition
to appoint three commissioners to treat with the
Indians. That measure, the honorable chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs [Mr.
Shields] informs us, emanates from that com-
mittee, and is not in pursuance of an Executive
recommendation. I wish to ask that honorable
Senator to explain the grounds on which it is
thought necessary to make such a provision, which
is directly in conflict with an existing law. I refer
to the law adopted by both Houses of Congress,
after great deliberation, breaking down the old
system of appointing special commissioners to
make Indian treaties. I cannot say that, when
that law was proposed, it had my hearty concur-
rence in all its provisions in extenso; but it has
been adopted by Congress, and the recent treaties
which have been negotiated, have been made in
pursuance of it.
In 1850 or 1851, I think, there were two sets of
Indian commissioners of like character with those
indicated in this proposition. One of them was a
board, who were required to proceed to the Indiana
along the line between Mexico and the United
States; perhaps (though the statute was silent on
that point) they were expected to travel in com-
pany with the military escort and convoys of our
commissioners who were appointed to arrange
the boundary line under the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo. The second of those boards of commis-
sioners was one which was established for tne pur-
pose of treating with the California Indians. These
boards were established upon the ground that
commissioners appointed specially with a view
to these objects, having no interest connected with
the separate local divisions of the different tribes,
would be more apt to succeed in making beneficial
treaties with the Indians, and conciliating their
friendship, and suppressing hostilities, than com-
missioners appointed under the general practice of
the Government previous to that time. Before
that, commissioners had been nominated pretty
much at the pleasure of the President, and sent
ad libitum to make treaties with the Indians. The
next year after this was done, however, after a
full examination of the subject, and after a report
from the Commissoner of Indian Affairs, or the
Secretary of the Interior, that whole policy was
pronounced to be useless, and worse than useless,
involving an expenditure wholly unnecessary to
the Government, and leading to no result but the
increase of Executive patronage. It was then
strenuously argued and successfully maintained,
m both Houses of Congress, that the superintend-
ents of the various Indian departments upon our
frontier, both on the Pacific coast and this side of
the Rocky mountains, ought to be presumed to
have such an intimate knowledge of the Indian
tribes, their character, theirgrounds of complaint,
and the mode of successfully approaching them,
