1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
397
sand. Now, it is stated, that there are two hun-
dred thousand of them disaffected. That, at the
usual computation of one warrior to every five
souls, which, I think, is an approximate estimate,
gives forty thousand warriors as the number
likely to become hostile. If that be true, we ought
to have ten thousand volunteers instead of three
thousand. If there be any imminent danger of
hostilities, and if it be true that there be such a
large number of hostile Indians, three thousand
troops will be a very small force to oppose them.
The honorable Senator from Illinois knows,
from the part which I have taken in the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, that I have regarded the
increase of our regular Army as inevitable from
the recent great extension of our Indian frontier,
both west and east of the Rocky mountains. I
cannot but think that, if the statement which the
Senator from Illinois has just read be correct, it
will require ten thousand troops to keep the In-
dians in check. Three thousand men will not
maintain peace on the extensive line of frontier,
including New Mexico, California, Utah, the
western part of Texas, and the western borderof
the old States and Territories. Besides, we have
Oregon and Washington Territories to protect.
Causes for rupture continually arise when our
population is extending on both sides of the In-
dians. The close contiguity of the races excites
passions which lead to disturbances. Besides,
we have to protect the different lines of emigra-
tion which we have in our Territories. We are
not contented with having our old emigrant route;
but we have recently marked out another line—1
mean the Governor Stevens route; I do not know
how better to designate it. We have indicated
our disposition to establish posts along that line,
and we have thus aroused the jealousy of the
various Indian tribes in that neighborhood. It
may be that the greatest probability of the sup-
posed threatened hostility is along that very line;
but no matter on what line it be, or whether it be
on all together, if there be such a hostile disposi-
tion existing in the minds of the Indians on ac-
count of the white settlements encroaching on
them, and interfering with their game and means
of subsistence, three thousand volunteers or
mounted men, with all your regular Army, will
not protect the frontiers and hold the Indians m
check.
But, sir, I had supposed that, before this time,
energetic measures would have been taken to con-
ciliate the friendship of these tribes. I expressed
that opinion before this. I do not wish it to be
understood, however, that I am opposed to the
amendment of the honorable Senator in legard to
raising a volunteer force. I do not propose to
oppose it until I am better informed on the subject
than I am now. It seems to me, however, that
by annual gratuities or annuities to the Indians,
or by distributing provisions and subsistence, to
a small extent, we should, with one third, nay,
nrt more than one fourth of the expenditure
which this provision will cost, succeed far better
in preserving peace with the Indians, than if we
had ten thousand troops on the frontiers.
It may be that the result of the policy indicated
by the honorable Senator from Illinois will be the
selection of experienced and able commissioners—
men acquainted with the Indian character; not ap-
pointed for the mere purpose of bestowing office—
though, of course, that mightahvays be expected
to enter into such matters. I do not impute to
the President any such disposition, ff the result
should be the selection from our frontier of such
men who are sincerely desirous of maintaining
peace, I believe it would be the most economical
appropriation we could make to institute such a
commission. But, sir, I must tell the honorable
Senator from Illinois, that, from my past expe-
rience, I have not full confidence in such a plan.
1 have seen, on former occasions, the result of these
commissions. I aided once, when I was a mem-
ber of the House of Representatives, in getting a
commission appointed to sit, I believe, for two or
three years. I had great expectations of the im-
portant benefits which that commission would
confer on the country; but I was wholly disap-
pointed; and yet the men who were then at the
head of the Government were as patriotic as those
who are now at its head; they were men in whom
we could repose as much confidence as we can re-
pose in the present Administration, or as we are
likely to repose in any succeeding Administration.
We were, however, wholly disappointed in regard
to that commission. There was considerable ex-
penditure involved in it. There was a greater
show and parade of the benefits which were sup-
posed to be likely to accrue to the country by the
appointment of the commission than any real or
substantial advantage from it.
If the object be what I have just intimated, per-
haps it may be desired to put one thousand or
three thousand volunteers on our frontier, and
hold them in check, as well as the Indians, until
three experienced, able, patriotic men, appointed
as commissioners, can call together the various
nomadic tribes, the wanderers of the desert, sound
their disposition, and make treaties with them.
If that be so, the commissioners should have
authority to make liberal treaties, to grant them
annuities, or deliver provisions in kind once or
twice a year; for, sir, the Indians must be fed or
they must be exterminated. We are wresting
their means of subsistence from them by the ad-
vance of our settlements. When the white popu-
lation approaches th'em they lose their game; and
hence, I say, they must be fed or exterminated.
In that view of the case, if the alternative is now
clearly perceived by the Government, that, if they
do not accede to liberal propositions for the annual
subsistence of the Indians, there is no recourse
but to pursue them to their fastnesses in the
mountains in winter, and all other seasons of the
year, and to exterminate them, prompt measures
should be taken. If commissioners are to be op-
pointed, they ought to have ample powers, and
Congress should indicate the policy which they
wish them to pursue, by making appropriations
to enable them to subsist and preserve peace with
the Indians until treaties can be made by the
Government, satisfactory to the Indians them-
selves, and to the country.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot, in
the chair.) The question is on the first section
of the amendment offered by the Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. RUSK. That provides for the appointment
of commissioners.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. RUSK. 1 hope it will not be agreed to.
I do not see any necessity for it. It looks very
well on paper as a precautionary measure to avoid
a war; but, in my judgment, it is more likely to
produce than to avoid one. We have agents and
superintendents who understand all the questions
that could arise with the Indians much better than
a new body of men selected here and sent out
among them could possibly do. If it is necessary,
therefore, to hold any talks with the Indians, it
would be a great deal better to let them be con-
ducted by men who are acquainted with their
habits and ideas, and who are, and have been,
among them, than to take BUangeis. These
offices would be sought after by politicians.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to make a little explanation ?
Mr. RUSK. Certainly.
Mr. BELL. Will the Senator permit me to
read the law to which I referred ?
Mr. SHIELDS. I do this in reply, principally, !
to the honorable Senator from Tennessee, but it
may also throw out some ideas for the Senator
from Texas, and he can judge of their force.
The view which the committee took of this matter,
and I certainly heartily concur with them, was,
that if we are to employ three thousand vol-
unteers, and add to that volunteer force two thou-
sand regulars, and place at the head of that army
of five thousand men a general in the United
States Army, and send them into the Indian
country, it would be war. No gentleman under-
stands this better than the honorable Senator from
Tennessee. The men who committed the mas-
sacre at. Fort Laramie, the men who have destroyed
the mail carriers, the men who have robbed our
trains, those outlaws and brigands—for the In-
dians have outlaws and brigands amongst them
as well as white men have, who put their own
rules and regulations at defiance as well as ours—
would elude the army and escape from it, and fly
to the mountains. But when you send three thou-
sand volunteers, and two thousand regulars, under
a general, and he goes and makes warupon them,
all the peaceable tribes, hearing of theforce which
is coming against them, will fly to arms in self-
defense, and unite with those men who are now
hostile. They will expect to be exterminated if
they do not; and you will have a general Indian
war, ending in what I should deplore of all things
on earth—ageneral Indian extermination; because,
sir, you have no place for the removal of those
Indians to. You cannot do as we have done in
Georgia, and on the sea-board. You cannot re-
move them further west.
Then, what is proposed ? That three commis-
sioners shall go out with what I will call the olive
branch. We propose to send able and competent
men out there, for I take it for granted that the
Executive will appoint such men. If it is liable
to be mismanaged, that is a danger which attends
other things as well. Those commissioners are .
to go out to the Indian country.
1 hold in my hand the report in regard to the
Indians. If the honorable Senator will examine
it carefully, he will see that the great Sioux family,
which can bring from six thousand to eight thou-
sand warriors into the field, haveamong them some
that are hostile and will come to no terms. For
instance, there are the Brulics,who massacred the
men at Fort Laramie. Then, they have the
Oyer-lal-lah, and some others, who are peaceful,
tmd want peace. Now, will the honorable Sena-
tor not separate these men from the hostile In-
dians? Would he turn the army loose upon all
these and cpnfound them together? Will nesend
an army against them before he gives the peaceable
ones assurances that they will be protected and
defended? Does he not know (no gentleman
knows better) that in these Indian wars the army
attacks the Indians who are generally peaceful,
and remaining and living in little peaceful villages;
that the hostile men fly to the mountains and
elude the army; and that on both sides it is the
destruction of the innocent? for the Indians come
down and attack the peaceful settlers on the fron-
tier, and devastate them, and the army retaliates
by destroying also whatever Indians they meet.
Would he, with the information which he has
before him, send out an army of, say, five thou-
sand men, or three thousand men, under agen-
eral, for the purpose of war, without making some
effort to give those poor tribes who are anxious
for peace, assurances of protection ?
In reply to my friend from Tennessee, I will
say that these are the facts, and when he examines
the reports he will find them to be so. These In-
dians, having committed a variety of depredations,
are now in a state of alarm. They are organiz-
ing; they are forming a confederation. They are
preparing for war, because they expect chastise-
ment and punishment. He will find that some < f
the tribes, which have been guilty of the enormi-
ties, have fied back to the peaceful tribes, and are
now engaged in organizing them to prepare for a
general war. They are attempting to establish a
general confederation. The object of this commis-
sion is to prevent that confederation—to prevent
those men who are hostile from combining with
them the others who are anxious for peace.
The honorable Senator says our agents are suf-
ficient to do what thecommission can do. If that
be so, why havethey notdone so already ? They
have failed in doing it. But, sir, the commission
will be authorized to unite with them the agents
to aid and assist them; and I hold that it is due to
the moral conscience of the nation that you should
make every effort for peace, and for protecting the
peaceable men, before you let your army loose
upon them. Unless such effortsare made, I should
hesitate to raise this force, for I should feel a re-
sponsibility in seeing one drop of Indian blood
shed unnecessarily. Itmust be one of thosecasea
when there is no other remedy, in which I would
let the army loose upon them. I did not believe
there was an honorable Senator in the body, or a
man in the United States, who could object to
sending a peaceable commission before you send
an army against them. I know that you may,
when you send out a general at the head of an
army, instruct him not to attack the peaceful
tribes; to discriminate between the innocentand
the guilty; and to make treaties also; but, for one,
1 never would intrust the sword and the olive
branch to the same man—never. The man who
goes out with the sword, will go to fight; he will
go to carry on the war. The men who accom-
pany him will press him into it if he hesitates. He
loses his reputation as a general, if he acquires
a reputation as a peacemaker. I know that to be
the case. I should dislike such a function myself.
He will be pressed on by the volunteers. They
