398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
•will go there to fight. They will not be satisfied
unless they do fight; and it will be a most inglo-
rious war—and not only inglorious, butcommence
it, and no man can tell when it will terminate.
We know that thelndians have acquired immense
information latterly in relation to fire-arms. Our
traders have sold them the best rifles, the best
muskets, and plenty of ammunition. My opinion
is that the traders are at the bottom of a great deal
of this mischief. The Indians, therefore, are now
a very formidable body, and would employ for
many years, any force that we can send against
them.
Sir, I come back to the original proposition. It
is to prevent this war—to chastise the outlaws
and brisands, who are prowling about the emigrant
line. That is the purpose-, and we desire the com-
missioners, in connection with other agents of
the Department who are out there now, to visit
those who are not thus engaged, and give them
the assurance which this proposition provides for.
Has the honorable Senator any objection to that?
Will the commissioners provoke the Indians?
Will they excite war ? Can they do any injury ?
Can they do any harm? The sending of such^.
body of men, for such a purpose, is, in my hum-
ble opinion, due not only to ourselves, but to the
country. I repeat, what I said before, that it
meets not only with the hearty approval of the
President, but he seemed to be rejoiced at having
it in his power to prevent the shedding of the
blood that might otherwise be shed, in the conflict
between our men and the Indians.
Mr. RUSK. I would go aa far as the honor-
able Senator from Illinois to prevent war; but I
must be excused from sustaining this proposition,
for, in my judgment, the means which it pro-
poses are not likely to accomplish the object. If
we go back, it will be seen that we are unpro-
tected on all these lines. The Secretary of War
has asked for regular troops, who are not likely
to go into the depredations which the honorable
Senator expects. These he proposes to call out.
A part of the honorable Senator's speech has been
a sort of attack on the war part of the amendment.
It has a peace part and a war part combined. It
provides for raising three thousand troops; but
they are not be called out until the three commis-
sioners visit the Indians. He says the Indian
agents can do nothing with them.
Mr. SHIELDS, i did not say that the troops
were not to be called out. I did not contemplate
such a thing.
Mr. RUSIC. How is it to be regulated?
Mr. SHIELDS. I leave that to the President.
Mr. RUSK. Which would go fust?
Mr. SHIELDS. I suppose the honorable Sen-
ator knows that the three thousand men cannot
be raised in a day. I suppose that five hundred
or one thousand can be raised m Missouri before
they can m New York; and with those, or wall
five hundred regulars, which would be xiill better,
the commissioners can advance, and if they can
thus accomplish the object, the President will
raise only as many as are necessary.
Mr. RUSK. Then it is to be a mixed commis-
sion, as I understand it. These commissioners
are not to go out first. They are to go accom-
panied by a military force sufficient to protect
them. You have agents there who know, or
ought to know, the Indians. The office was
instituted for the purpose of getting those who
were familiar with the Indians to discharge us
duties, and explain the duties of the Government
to the Indians. But, says the Senator, they can-
not do anything. They cannot accomplish any
desirable object; but it is likely to be accomplished
by three commissioners. Here is the establish-
ment of three officers, and the incurring of a con-
siderable amount of expense. They would not
have more influence over the Indians than the
intelligent agents who are already amongst them,
and who certainly have an advantage over any
stranger that may be selected. I am very well
aware that politicians will seek these offices.
Well, those commissioners are to go out and hold
a talk with the Indians. They are to go to offer
the oJjve branch of peace. If they go by them-
selves, the Indians will very likely think that we
are afraid of them, and that we do not intend to
chastise them at ail. If they go as the honorable
Senator proposes they shall go, with the military
force, i know enough about the Indians to know
that they will do nothing with the peace agent,
but will go to the captain. The best way to the
Indian's, and especially the wild Indian s, good
graces is to excite his fears.
But here will be a division of counsels. Three
commissioners are to go out; and what will be
the result ? We shall get a batch of treaties which
we shall have to reject. The commissioners will
be sent out to accomplish an object. They will
have to accomplish something. They must make
treaties. Cannot that be done as well without the
additional expense ? Cannot it be done just as
well by the agents and superintendents whom you
have among the Indians now? And is it likely
that they are to agree? One of the most import-
ant things in the intercourse with the Indian is to
keep the same talk to him. If a commissioner
goes and tells him one thing, and then a general
foes along and tells him another, he is distracted.
le will believe the general, certainly. He will
believe the man who has a force at the back of
him. So that, in my judgment, it will not ac-
complish the object which the Senatorsayshe has
in view, and which, I have po doubt, he has, and
which is desirable to prevent any bloodshed or
war. If it were likely to accomplish that object,
I would vote for it cheerfully; but I say it is not
likely to take a single step towards the accom-
plishment of it. On the contrary, it is likely to
produce confusion. The Indians have been in
the habit of talking with the agents who are among
them. They believe that those agents have been
sent to them by the Government—by the Presi-
dent. When you send your commissioners, will
they hold the same sort of talk? If not, there
will be confusion. Is it likely, not knowing what
has happened before, not knowing anything about
the habits of the Indians, that they will be likely
to follow precisely the same line of policy which
has been pursued before ?
Mr. SHIELDS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, I will state the amendment provides
that the commissioners shall report to the General
in command as to the disposition of the tribe, &c.
Mr. RUSK. There is another confusion. The
commissioners from what they see and hear—no
doubt they will get plenty of promises—may
think that the talk is enough to give assurance of
peace; the general may think it is not. There
will thus be divided counsel. Where will be
the responsibility ? The general will throw it off
upon the commissioners, and the commissioners
upon the general. If you want the duty per-
formed, select a proper agent, and put the respon-
sibility upon him, and give him no excuse by
which he can throw it off.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was not in the Committee
on Military Affairs when this subject was acted on.
If I had been there, I would have suggested 
Mr. WELLER. Will the Ret.at or allow me
to make a remark r I believe the details of the
amendment, as now proposed by the chairman of
the Committee on Military AiFairs, were never
committed to a meeting of that committee. All
that I understood the committee to agree to was,
to raise three thousand volumeers for a period of
eighteen months, as called for by the President.
They were to be organized ill the manner in which
the law of 181G provided for the organization of
the volunteers called out for the Mexican war.
But, I am sure, as a member of that committee, I
never should have agreed to the organization of a
band of Indians to aid the white men in prose-
cuting this war. In other words, I have never
been consulted, so far as thedetails of thatamend-
ment are concerned; and, therefore, 1 hold myself I
at liberty either to go for it in its present shape,
or to suggest any modification which, in my judg-
ment, may be proper.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Committee agreed upon
two things : First, the appointment of three com-
missioners, for the purpose of making peaceable
accommodations with the Indians. The Senator
agreed to that.
Mr. WELLER. That is true.
Mr. SHIELDS. They agreeql upon giving
thiee thousand volunteers, as the Department
wished them. Does the Senator a^ree to that ?
Mr. WELLER, No; I do not.
Mr. SHIELDS. It is a question of veracity,
it seems.
Mr. WELLER. I said <( no n to that question
for this reason. I did not know what plan the
Secretary of War proposed to adopt in organizing
the three thousand. All that I assented to was"
that three thousand volunteers should be given to
the Executive to put down these Indian disturb-
ances.
Mr. SHIELDS. Well, Mr. President, I do
not want to get into a difficulty here. We had
the message of the President and Secretary before
us, and we agreed upon two things. 1 appeal to
the other members of the committee in regard to
it. One was the appointment of three commis-
sioners to proceed to the Indians and carry the
olive branch. The other was—and I was as
reluctant as any one upon that point—to give the
Executive what they demanded, and to leave the
responsibility upon the Executive. I took the
amendment which the Department had prepared,
for the three thousand volunteers, understanding
that that was the opinion of the committee, and
instructed by the committee on that point, I
have presented it here. But I repeat, as I have
already stated, I am willing and anxious that the
part of the amendment providing for employing
Indians should be stricken out. That does not
meet my approval at all; and I only reported it
in conformity with what I believed to be the in-
structions of the committee, just to let the Execu-
tive be responsible for the act, and to £ive them
what they called for. I therefore offered the
amendment, prepared, as it was, by the Depart-
ment. The only change made in it was one
which the honorable Senator himself urged upon
us, and which was very correct; that is, to give
the volunteers the power of appointing their own
officers.
Mr. JOHNSON. In regard to the employment
of Indians I have now nothing to say, as that pro-
vision has been stricken out by the assent of the
Senator who proposed the amendment. In regard
to the suggestion which is made by the Senator
from Tennessee, as a modification of the amend-
ment which is offered by the Senator from Illi-
nois, relating to the appointment of the three
commissioners, I have a word or two to say.
The law, as it now stands, which was passed on
the 27th of February, 1851, provides, as follows;
"That hereafter all Indian treaties shall be negotiated by
such officers and asents of the Indian department as the
President of the United States may designate lor that pur-
pose; and no officer or agent so employed shall reccive
any additional compensation for such service."
That was adopted, if I recollect aright, upon
full discussion. It was reported and debated, I
believe, at full length, according to my memory.
1 was then connected, in the other branch of Con-
gress, with the Committee on Indian Affairs. It
was adopted to get rid of a class of officers con-
nected with the Indian service, passing under the
style of commissioners, who were unsuited en-
tirely to the purpose, and from whose action, in
connection with the pubiicservice, therehad origin-
ated misfortunes and erroneous steps in regard
to the policy of the Government. °
1 he proposition, then, Mr. President, suggested
by the Senator from Tennessee, is to strike out of
the amendment so much as relates to the appotnt-
ment of commissioners, in connection with the
present proposition for the organization of a force
to go out amongst the Indians, to make treaties.
I he condition in which we would be left by adopt-
ing that suggestion is palpable, and, I think, if it
be adopted we shall be in a better situation than if
the amendment be agreed to as it has been offered
by the Senator from Illinois. What will be at-
tamed by the appointment of these commission-
ers. Under the law, as it now stands, only the
agents can be employed who are already connected
with the Indian service, and who are, in some
measure, familiar with the character of the 1 ndians,
and with the poiicy and intentions of the Govern-
ment With reference to them. If these commis-
sioners are not conceded, to what quarter will the
President look for agents to make treaties of peace
with the Indians > It will become his duty, under
\aLexpres? provision of the act of February 27,
lo5U, to take those who are now in the service.
°r instance, if more than one is needed, the su-
perintendent of the Indians in the West can be
ta en for that purpose, and sent upon these exne-
ittons, which it is not expected will consumeanv
veiy great length of time; or, if only one is needed,
ne can leave off the superintendent, and take the
agent who is connected with the tribe, and leave
him to treat with them.
It is to be presumed that the individual who is
now connected with the agency established in a
