THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33n Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, JANUARY 2G, 1855.
New Series....No. 26.
move to reconsider the vote by which a bill from
the Senate, commonly known as the board of
claims bill, was referred to one of the committees.
I do not ask for action upon the motion now, but
I desire that it may be entered.
Mr. EDDY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill for the purpose of
reference only.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. SOLLERS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
ten minutes before four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 26, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PRIVATE BILL DAY.
Mr. EVANS. Is it in order to make reports
this morning?
The PRESIDENT. By a resolution adopted
on the 17th instant, private bills only can be con-
sidered to-day.
Mr. HUNTER. Can that order of business
be changed by a majority of the Senate, if they
choose to do so >
The PRESIDENT. No, sir, it will require
unanimous consent to proceed to other business.
Mr. HUNTER. I will make the effort; I ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to postpone
the prior orders, for the purpose of taking up the
Army appropriation bill. I think we ought to
dispose of that to-day.
Mr. PETTIT. If the Senator will allow me to
have one little private bill passed, he shall have
my consent.
Mr. EVANS. If he will allow me to have half
a dozen passed, he will have mine.
Mr. HUNTER. Of course, the consent must
be unconditional, if it be given at all.
Mr. PETTIT. Then I cannot consent.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made, the
Senate must proceed to the consideration of private
bills.
BENEDICT J. HEARD.
The first bill on the Calendar was the bill re-
ported from the Committee on Claims, for the relief
of Benedict J. Heard. It proposes to require the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to audit,
adjust, and pay the claim of Benedict J. Heard,
of St. Mary's county, Maryland, for indemnity
for the destruction of hisdwelling house and other
buildings, by the British forces, in the year 1814,
from such competent evidence as may be exhibited
to them within six'months after the passage of the
bill.
Mr. STUART.- I ask for the reading of the
report in this case.
Mr. PEARCE. I can state to the Senator
from Michigan that this is one of a class of cases
which underwent discussion at the last session,
at great length, and were finally carried by a delib-
erate vote of the Senate. It is one of the class
which was discussed by my colleague, [Mr.
Pratt,] and the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bavard.] This claim stands on precisely the
same footing with the rest, which were allowed
by the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear the
reading of the report.
The PRESIDENT. As the reading of the
report is called for, it will be read.
The report was accordingly read, from which it
appears that the Committee on Claims, in all such
cases, have adopted the principle that whenever
property of a citizen has been destroyed by a
public enemy, in accordance with the usages of
civilized warfare, because of its use or occupancy
by the forces of the United States, the citizen is
entitled to compensation to the extent of his loss.
The inquiry in this case, therefore, is, whether
the property of Mr. Heard, was destroyed under
26
such circumstances as to bring it within this prin-
ciple ? In 1814, a British naval force occupied the
Patuxent river, and held command of its waters
until after the destruction of the Capitol, in the
month of August of that year. The militia of
Maryland were called out by the authority of the
Federal Government, to resist the landing of the
enemy; and frequent engagements ensued, which
generally resulted in the repuise of the British.
Colonel Heard was the owner of a valuable estate
on the Patuxent river, on which he had a large
mansion aud several out-houses, which weie
burnt and destroyed by the British on or about
the 12th of July, J814. M. C. Jones, whose high
character, the committee say, for integrity, intel-
ligence, and veracity, is as satisfactorily vouched
for as could be that of any member of the Senate,
swears that he was attached to a troop of horse,
and was ordered by the officer in command, with
others, to take possession of, and occupy, the
house of Mr. Heard on the night previous to its
destruction. lie says that a card, marked "offi-
cers' rooms," was, by order of one of the officers,
attached to tile door of one of the rooms; and that
another card, marked " men's quarters," was, by
order of the same commanding officer, attached to
another room of the house. According to his
statement, the next morning this detachment of
American troops was ordered to join the main
force of our army, and they left the cards attached
to the doors. When they retired, the British,
whose vessels were lying in the river opposite to,
and m view of the house, landed and burnt the
dwelling and the out-houses of the petitioner.
The committee give full credit to the statement of
Mr. Jones, and therefore, as the military occu-
pancy of the buildings, according to the usages of
civilized warfare, authorized the destruction of
the property by the enemy, they think the Gov-
ernment is clearly liable to make indemnity to the
extent of the loss.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I hope this
bill will be postponed for the present, and for a
reason which 1 will state. Jt is one of thoye cases
in which, on an investigation of the testimony,
there cannot be a shadow of doubt about the fact,
that the main witness, on whom the committee
relies, is mistaken. I have some memoranda in
reference to the names of the witnesses and the
facts, which, not expecting the bill to come up
this morning, 1 have not brought with me to the
Senate Chamber; but I think that if 1 had the
papers before me, I could demonstrate, beyond
the possibility of doubt—I speak in strong lan-
guage—to any gentleman who would take the
trouble of listening to me for a short time, that the
bill is founded in a mistake, on the part of one of
the witnesses of the claimants, wno swears in
direct contradiction to the evidence of five or six
other witnesses, and m opposition to the state-
ment of the claimants. On the testimony ori-
ginally presented, the bill was negatived by the
Senate, as not coming within the sound principle;
but, subsequently, alter the death of the original
claimant, testimony was brought forward in op-
position to the evidence of other witnesses, and of
the claimant himself in his lifetime, on which the
present bill is founded.
1 think 1 can show that there can be no shadow
of doubt that the testimony on which this bill is
based is an entire mistake. By taking the papers
accompanying the bill now, 1 might probably be
able to do it; but it would take a longer time than
if I had my memoranda with me. Then, I could
make a succinct statement, in which, I think, I
could satisfy any Senator that this claim rests on
an entire misapprehension on the part of a single
witness, whose testimony is opposed |)y that of
every other witness, and of the original claimant
himself. In other words, I mean to say, that the
state of facts sworn to by all the witnesses on the
part of the claimant, when the claim was origin-
ally presented, and by the injured party during
his lifetime, is utterly inconsistent with the state
of facts on which a single isolated witness now
undertakes to prove the claim, after the death of
the original claimant. I think I can show that
fact; and if 1 could, surely the bill would be re-
jected. While on the latter state of facts, the
party has been supposed by the committee to be
entitled, to relief, yet on the former he is entirely
without remedy. I prefer, therefore, that the bill
should go over, particularly as my honorable
friend from Maryland, [Mr. Pratt,] who takes a
great interest in these cases, is not now present.
He differs from me in opinion; but I think I can
show the truth of what I have alleged.
Mr. PEARCE. I regret that the Senatorfrom
Delaware desires that this bill should go over; but
the reasons which he assigns for that wish are, of
course, satisfactory to me. I think, perhaps,
when the bill is regularly taken up for discussion,
it may appear that he is not so entirely accurate
in his recollection of the facts as he supposes.
However, it is perfectly proper that, after such a
statement as that, the bill should be put aside for
discussion.
The PRESIDENT. The further considera-
tion of the bill will be postponed until Friday
next.
CAPTAIN VOORHIES.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill is one for
the relief of Captain Philip F. Voorhies, United
States Navy.
Mr. MALLORY. I reported that bill from the
Committee on Naval Affairs. The Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Slideli.,] who is not now in his
seat, requested me, if the bill should come up in
his absence, to procure its postponement; and, at
his request, I move that its further consideration
be postponed until next Friday.
The motion was agreed to.
RICHARD W. MEADE.
The next bill on the Calendar was one to settle
the claim of the legal representatives of Richard
W. Meade, deceased; which the Senate proceeded
to consider as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STUART. I should like to have the re-
port of the committee read.
Mr. WELLER. It is a very voluminous one.
The Senator does not want the whole of it read,
I suppose.
Mr. STUART. I do not want to pass such a
bill without knowing something about it.
The Secretary proceeded to read the report, but
was interrupted by
Mr. STUART. I understand this is a ques-
tion which involves several hundred thousand
dollars, and the report seems to be a very volu-
minous one. 1 therefore suggest whether we had
not better informally pass it over, and proceed
with others of less magnitude. I move its post-
ponement until next Friday.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that they had passed a joint resolution
authorizing the President to give the requisite
notice for terminating our reciprocity treaties of
commerce and navigation in certain cases.
BRIG GENERAL ARMSTRONG.
Mr. PETTIT. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take up a bill which cannot occupy more
than a minute. It is House bill for the relief of
the heirs of Joseph Gerard. There can be no
cavil about it at all.
Mr. STUART. I must object to that course of
procedure to-day. I have no doubt that what the
Senator says is correct in respect to the bill; but
the same thing is true of many others. There are
a class of cases on the Calendar equally meritori-
ous, to which no attention has yet been given;
and, if the Senate has been right in setting aside
to-day for the consideration of the Private Calen-
dar exclusively, we certainly should proceed in
the order of business.
Mr. PETTIT. To save time, I will waive my
request.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is one for the relief of the claimants of the
private armed brig General Armstrong; which is
