402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
now before the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole.
The bill proposes to direct the Secretary of
State to examine and adjust the claims of citizens
of the United States growing out of the destruc-
tion of the private armed brig General Armstrong,
belonging to the port of New York, destroyed by
a British force in the neutral port of Fayal, in
September, 1814, and to settle them upon princi-
ples of justice and equity, and to pay the amount
which may be found due to the claimants, or their
legally authorized representatives.
Air. WELLER. In order to obviate some of
the objections which were raised to the bill, when
it was under consideration at the last session, I
have the following substitute to propose for the
bill:
That the Secretary of State be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to examine and adjust the claims
of Captain Samuel C. Reid, owners, officers, and crew of
the private armed brig General Armstrong, belonging to the
port of New York, destroyed by a British force, ill the
neutral port of Fayal, in September, 1814; and to settle
and adjust the same upon principles of juotice and equity.
And that he be, and is hereby, authorized and directed to
pay the amount winch may he found due to the said Captain
Samuel C. Iteid, the legally authorized representative of
the owner, officers, and crew, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated; which amount shall
not exceed §131,600, being the sum demanded by the Gov-
ernment of the United States from the Government of
Portugal, for the loss and damages sustained by the destruc-
tion of said brig.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I do not understand the
exact nature of the. order that has been passed in
regard to these private bills for to-day. Was the
suggestion of the Senator from Michigan that we
should lay aside those which are objected to ?
Mr. STUART. My suggestion simply was,
to proceed with the bills in the order in which
they stand on the Calendar. That is all.
Mr. EVAN'S. My recollection is, that this bill
was rejected at the last session, and a motion was
made by the Senator from iMissouri, [Mr. Geyeh,]
afterwards, at the instance of the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] to reconsider the vote by
which it was rejected.
Mr. WELLER. The motion to reconsider
was acted upon, and that brings us now to vote
upon the orginal bill.
Mr. EVANS. I do not remember that the
motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The bill was reconsidered
by a vote on the call of the yeas and nays. That
restored it to its original place on the Calendar,
and the question now is on the amendment offered
by the Senator from California.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. ( would like to inquire
from the Senator from California what dilhculty
the amendment proposes to obviate?
Mr. WELLER. The Senator wdl discover
that the latter clause of the substitute which 1
have proposed as an amendment, limits the amount
which is to be paid under the bill. There is no
limitation whatever in the original bill. The
amendment which I propose does limit the amount
which shall be paid.
Mr. PESSENDEN. It changes the mode of
payment also. It ia all to be paid to one individ-
ual, instead of to the several persons interested.
Mr. WELLER. It is to be paid to that indi-
vidual as the legally authorized agent; and as a
matter of course, he must produce the evidence
that he is legally authorized.
Mr. FESSENDEN. [ do not know that I
have any particular objection to the amendment;
but 1 have an objection to the bill in any shape in'
which it may be put.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill
was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. STUART. 1 should like to have the facts
of the case either stated by a Senator, or else to
have the report read.
Mr. CLAYTON. Let the report be read.
Mr. WELLER. A very full report was pre-
sented by the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Su-
dell] at the last session. { have also in my hand
a report which was made by the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, in the Flouse of Representatives.
Either one of them will be sufficient to put the
Senate in possession of all the facts upon which
the bill is based; hut, perhaps, it would be better
to have the report presented hy the honorable
oenator from Louisiana read. I therefore ask the
Secretary to read it.
The^Secretary read the report, which has been
ncretoiore published.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to move a modifica-
tion, in the concluding part of the substitute which
I have proposed. It is to make it read " Captain
Samuel C. Reid, owners, officers, and crew, or
their legally authorized representatives."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLAYTON. I do not propose, sir, to go
into an argument upon this question; but I will
make a brief statement, showing why the bill, as
a matter of justice to the claimants, should be
passed. While I occupied the position of Secre-
tary of State, my attention was specially attracted
to the claims of this Government on Portugal.
Many of those claims had been neglected for a
period of nearly thirty years, not because the
Government of the United States had not de-
manded the payment of them, but because the
Government of Portugal had resolutely held out
against all the demands which were made, I
remember the case of a man who was a citizen of
Maine, a ship-master, and the owner of a vessel
that went into the harbor of Lisbon, with boxes
of specie in her hold. They were all taken by
the police of the city by violence, and kept by the
Government; and that, too, after the judicial tri-
bunal of Portugal had adjudged thatitwas illegal.
It seemed as if that Government had resolved to
turn a deaf ear to our demands for justice.
Then, sir, there were cases calculated to excite
the attention of Americans connected with her
conduct in the war with England. Not only was
there the case connected with this brig, but there
were others, and among them was the case of the
Constitution fiigate, which, after the capture of
the Levant and Cyane, took the Levant into Porto
Praya, one of the Portuguese settlements; and
when a British squadron, of three times the force
ol the Constitution, appeared off the port, and
the Constitution attempted to escape with her
prize, the Portuguese authorities, instead of fur-
nishing protection to the Constitution, as it was
bound to do by the law of nations, actually fired
upon her as she left the port, and the result was,
the loss of the Levant.
In the cawe now before us, it is impossible, I
think, for any fair and candid man to look at the
evidence without being satisfied that the Govern-
ment of Portugal evinced the strongest partiality
at the time of the destruction of the General Arm-
strong. It has been often said, and that is the
only excuse rendered, that she was not able to
resist the British squadron that appeared oft' the
port at that time; but, sir, she made no effort.
The Armstrong was under the very guns of the
battery, and not a single effort was made by the
Governor of the port to protcctthe piivateer. And
not only was no effort made to protect her, but
when some thirty or forty American seamen,
who were in port at the time, and witnessed the
attack by overwhelming numbers of the enemy,
attempted to go on board the privateer to assist, the
Governor refuged them permission to go. The pri-
vateer was destroyed under circumstances which
will ever be regarded as highly honorable to the
Amcncan name and character. I shall not repeat
them. They have been dwelt upon too often.
The justice of the claim on Portugal I do not think
any man will question. That there was an error
m the opinion of the Prince arbiter, I think no
one will deny. Why, sir, it would seem to any
man, who looked into the documents, impossible
that he could have read the evidence; for he founds
his determination on a fact directly contradicted
by all t he testimony in the case; and that was, that
the American privateer was the assailant of this
overwhelming force of British frigates. None but
madmen would, under euch circumstances, have
made tne attack. Unles-s we fancy Rem and his
crew insane, we cannot imagine that they would
have provoked an attack upon them, when there
was such an overwhelming force at the mouth of
the harbor, ready to destroy them. I assume, there-
lore, that every man is satisfied that this decision
ot Louis Napoleon was an error.
Then, sir, the only remaining question is, upon
what grounds is this Government answerable ?
it is to that particular that I desire to direct the
attention of gentlemen. This claim was pros-
ecuted, under the administration of General Tay-
lor with vigor. It is my deliberate opinion that
tne Government of Portugal would ultimately
have been induced to settle the claim. Such was ,
my confluent expectation and belief. They had
agreed to pay the other claims v/hich were recov- I
ered afterwards, before I went out of office, in
consequence of negotiations which I had with
them; but they held out with regard to the Arm-
strong claim, and they were evidently instigated
to hold out by the British Minister, Sir Henry
Bulwer. He desired to confer with me on one
occasion, in regard to the matter; but I declined
any conference with him on the subject. I thought
the British Government had no right to interfere.
We could not claim anything from thetn, because
the peace of 1815 settled all our claims against
thetn; and they had, I thought, and still think,
no right to interfere in our claims against Por-
tugal.
Well, sir, at this crisis, when all the other claims
were agreed to be paid, and 1 verily believe this
was also about to be paid, the President died.
Within three days after my successor went into
office, he agreed to refer the claim to the Prince
Louis Napoleon. I know that, because he called
upon me, and in the course of the conversation
notified me that he had made that arrangement
with Mr. Figaniere, the Portuguese Minister.
The proposition to refer had been made to me
repeatedly. It seemed as if they were willing I
should choose the arbiter. They offered to refer
it to three civilians, or to one civilian, or to any
crowned head in Europe. I refused. I thought
the circumstances of the case so clear against that
Government, and her conduct so atrocious, that
there ought to be no reference of a claim which
was so clearly right.
Bat the case was finally referred, without the
consent of the parties interested. They were not
here. It was impossible that they could have
assented to the arbitration. They had no idea
that there would be a reference. They had no
perception of it. On the contrary, they were en-
couraged to believe that they were about to recover
their claim; and, therefore, they remained silent.
Then, sir, the question arises, how far is the Gov-
ernment liable in the event of thus referring ta
arbitration.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Were the claimants aware
of the reference prior to the award
Mr. CLAYTON. I am not aware of that. I
cannot say. But, as I was proceeding to say,
the first question which arises is, how far is the
Government answerable to its citizens in a clear
case m their favor, in referring it without their
consent ? Then, so far as there is any evidence
in relation to the matter, it appears, from the tes-
timony on the table, that these claimants were
never heard before the French Emperor in refer-
ence to the claim. They were told by the Secre-
tary of State that the treaty did not allow of it.
Now, we know that Mr. Rives never appeared
before the arbitrator; he never made a statement m
behalf of the claimants, nor took any interest in
. tlie case; because he had no instructions to do so.
On the other side of the matter, the Portuguese
; Government was sustained by its minister and
: counsel, ft was a one sided hearing, such as that
we could hardly expect any justice from it. Now,
having handled the matter in that manner, 1 am
compelled, as a just man, to say that, in this case,
I the claimants have a clear right to compensation
I from tne United States. That is my deliberate
opinion.
; As to the effect which the allowance of the
i claim would have as a precedent, let me say that
I you are not likely ever to have another case of
j this description. There was hardly ever such a
■ case before. Buttheeffectof this precedent would
be to teach those who should do battle in the cause
of this country m her future wars, that other
nations shall be compelled to respect the laws of
nations and the rights of belligerents. During the
war with Great Britain we had repeated instances
in which they met our vessels at friendly ports,
and destroyed them, in opposition to the laws of
nations. I wish to show, now, and at all times
hereafter, that we do not mean to sit down, sub-
missively and quietly, under such gross violations
of the law of nations; and I wish to teach those
™ T\S6,?TOfn and s°Mi<ws who shall do battle in
our behalf, that we mean to protect them, and to
compensate them, when they have sustained
losses in fighting for the flag of their country,
although the law of nations shall be violated bv
1 hoPe the biil wiii pass. *
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. \ desire to ask the
oenator from Delaware a question. I desire to
Know whether there is any proof that the claim-
