1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403.
ant had, at any time, objected to the reference
anterior to the award ?
Mr. CLAYTON. I am not able to say. I
have seen no proof of the claimants' consent to
the reference. I am told by them that they never
consented to it; that they did not consent at any
time afterwards. When they learned that their
claim was referred, they had no power to with-
draw the reference. They submitted to it, of
course, after they had no power to withdraw it,
and the matter had been deliberately agreed to be
referred. They could not prevent it; but they
never acquiesced, and never consented to the
award. So far as their own action was concerned,
it was a forced acquiescence. After the Govern-
ment had referred it, how could they withdraw it?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That was not the
question. The simple question was, whether they
assented or objected to the reference ? The hon-
orable Senator says be does not know. Another
question which 1 would like to ask the Senator is,
whether or not those claimants were advised of
the fact of the reference at an earlier day, and
whether it was not perfectly competent to have
appeared before the Emperor of France?
Mr. CLAYTON. I presume not. The state-
ment in the report is, that they were denied the
right to submit a written argument, and the only
mode in which it could be submitted was through
the minister.
Mr. WELLER. The report made by the
Senator from Louisiana, accompanying the bill,
states the facts which were presented to the com-
mittee. Amongst others, this fact is presented:
"A treaty was concluded on theQGth of February, 1851,
and latilled by tin- Scn.ue mi the 10ib of March. Thus
treaty wa^ proclaimed on the I of September, 18.">1.
1 .oms Napoleon, President of the Republic of France, wan
chor-en as arbitiator. The claimants then submitted to the
liep-unneut or Stat;;, and tiled uwntien aigumenr, with
the request that it f-h'mld be tiauMmtted to (he arbitrator
chosen by the hn:h contracting parties. The Secretary of
Mr. Webster, refused the application, on the ground
that the terms of the treaty did nor peinnt of it, and the
claimants were deprived of the privilege, and debancd of
the benefit of being heard, through their counsel and agent,
m hUpport of their demand."
I think the facts submitted to the Committee on
Foreign Relations show that these persons pro-
tested against the claim being; submitted to an
arbitrator. They iJso show that they made every
effort to be heard, through the State Department,
in regard to the claim, after it had been referred
to the arbitrator. That was dented to them, and
st is upon that ground , in my judgment, that the
Government of the United States, in justice to the
claimants, bus become liable for this demand.
Mr. STUART. My recollection of the con-
sideration of this case by the Senate, at the last
session, has been refreshed by the statements and
the reading of the report to-day. I voted against
the bill, at that time, without stating any reasons.
I beg to state, in a few words, why I shall now
vote against the bill—why I think the indemnifi-
cation should not be made by this Government.
The history of the case shows that the attention
of the Government had been drawn to it frequently
for a long series of years, and by all the ability
which, during that time, has filled the State De-
portment. The honorable Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Clayton,] while occupying the post of Sec-
retary of State, presented this claim against the
Government of Portugal in the strongest possible
light, and he pressed it, sir, to a point which
should call the attention of the Senate to the very
effect, now pending, not only upon the claimants
in this case, but upon the policy of this Govern-
ment hereafter. lie said that if delay much longer
continued, on the part of the Government of Por-
tugal, the Executive would feel himself compelled
to present the subject to Congress, adding that,
in his opinion, (speaking for the Executive De-
partment,) there was no valid objection to the
claim. Now, sir, let us suppose that the Presi-
dent had presented this claim to Congress under
the views then entertained by the Senator from
Delaware, acting as Secretary of State. If Con-
gress had adopted his views, as we are bound to
suppose they would have done, in what position j
would the country have been placed? Here is a ,
claim, valid in the opinion of this Government, !
against that of Portugal, the payment of which ;
is refused. The attention of Congress is called ;
to the question, as the last resort urderour form I
of Government. Then, unless the claim is paid j
within a given time, we must either declare war, 1
or we must submit it to an arbitrator, or we must
stand humiliated before the world. One of these
positions we must occupy.
The honorable Senator passing out of that De-
partment, his place was filled by another, who
submitted to the ordinary mode of determining
claims of this character, when Governments them-
selves cannot agree—an arbitration; not only the
ordinary mode, Mr.'President, but the mode
which is preferred m the present condition of civil-
ization, to that of a resort to arms. The claimants
knew that such a submission had been agreed to,
because they asked to file an argument. The tes-
timony, therefore, is conclusive that they knewit.
Is there anything in the testimony which has
been, read, to show that they protested against
that course of procedure? Nothing; and it is to
be recollected that in all these questions coming
before Congress, the strongest case is always
made up against the Government, on behalf of
which nobody appears before our examining
committees. These claims are pressed either by
claimants themselves,or by agents,and the strong-
est ex parte statement that the case is capable of
receiving, is submitted by the agent or the claim-
ant. The facts, then, at this point show, that
before an investigation of this question was entered
upon by the arbitrator, the claimants knew that it
had been submitted.
It is said that the Governmentoughtnot to have
made this submission in such terms as they did;
it is said that the treaty ought to have provided
that the claimants should be heard. Why, sir,
that is a question belonging solely to the sound
discretion of the Government; and I call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that this is not a case
that has sprung up m a moment; it has occupied
the attention of the country, und the Executive
Department, as the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware has just informed us, for some thirty years,
and I beg leave to say again, at the expense of a
repetition—for it is important in this instance—it
received the consideration of the very ablest men
that ever filled the State Department, and who
among them was more distinguished than the late
lamented gentleman who held the office at the time
it was submitted to arbitration ?
The submission having been made, what does
the arbitrator say, for I apprehend he stands in a
position as arbitrator in this case—to say nothing1
of the position he occupies befurc the civilized
world—to entitle his assertions, as an arbitrator,
to credit. What does he say ? Pie stales that
after the most careful investigation he has arrived
at the conclusion—and it seems from the facts
just read by the Senator from California that the
case had been held under advisement bv the arbi-
trator for something like a year—that Portugal is
not liable.
It is said that the pretense set up by Portugal
is a mere pretense; that is to say, that the officers
of this privateer were themselves the aggressors;
but that fact seems to have been found against
them.
The case then resolves itself into this—for I am
not going to detain the Senate with any aigu-
ment—is this Government prepared to adopt the
principle that a private claimant against a foreign
Government shall have £he control over the mode
of negotiation for the adjustment of the claim ? If
it is, then this Government will be forced to war
whenever the private claimant sees fit so to direct
the negotiations that war shall become inevita-
ble; and I submit that this very alternative was
presented m this case. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator will not understand me us objecting to the
position taken by him as Secretary of State; on
the contrary, I think it was a sound and proper
one; but I say, if it had been followed up by his
successor, and this question had been presented
to Congress by the President, we were upon the
very eve of war. Humiliation we could not and
would not have submitted to. War, then, or arbi-
tration was the only alternative. The arbitration
has been had; and now it is said that because the
mode of arbitration is not satisfactory to the pri-
vate claimant, the Government has rendered itself
liable to pay the amount. Sir, X think that the
$130,000 which, by the amendment, is now sought
to be established as the amount with which to
adjust the claim, is entirely insignificant; yes, sir,
it becomes contemptiole, even, in comparison with
the magnitude of the principle that is involved;
because it will be in vain, if the Government
adopts the principle in this case, that hereafter
we shall undertake to distinguish between it and
any other, the result of which shall not be satis-
factory to the claimant. If the arbitrator here had
reversed his decision and adjudged that some in-
demnification was proper, we should have heard
nothing of an objection to the mode of proceeding.
Here, then, was an acquiescence; so that we
may say to the claimants, as the rule of law says
to every other principal, if you knew what had
been done by your agent, and did not object to it,
you are bound by it, so far as third persons are
concerned. These claimants knew that the sub-
mission had been made. They knew that it had
been made by a treaty which precluded an argu-
ment, for they were told so by the then Secretary
of State. There is no evidence before the Senate
that they objected. The submission was acqui-
esced in. 'i'he decision is adverse. The Gov-
ernment of the United States is bound by it, and
so are the claimants. So that, Mr. President,
upon both positions, if you take the question of
submission, and the knowledge of the submission
on the part of the claimants without objection,
they are bound; if you go beyond that, which I
believe is the true doctrine, even if this fact does
not exist, and say that the Government of the
United States, in negotiating with foreign Govern-
ments in respect to private claims, has a right to
exercise its own discretion in respect to the mode
of negotiation, then the claimants are bound by
it; for, sir, it seems to me that it will never do to
establish the doctrine that negotiations with for-
eign Governments are to be guided arid directed
by the private claimants.
All I desired to do was, simply to state, in as
brief a manner as possible, the reasons why I
shall not vote for the bill. Having done that 1 am
content.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, as 1 voted for
this chum before, and intend to do so again, I de-
sire, m a few words, to assign the reasons which
govern that vote.
The facts in the early history of this case seem
to be well understood, and about them there is
little or no controversy, here or anywhere else.
That the brig General Armstrong was attacked
by a greatly superior force, in a neutral port,
where she made a most signal defense; one which
reflected high honor upon the nation, and upon
all the parties engaged on our side of the contro-
versy, seems to be everywhere admitted. That
she was attacked in violation of the law of nations,*
seems never to have been disputed at any time.
Through all the changes of Administration, there
has not been found a Secretary of State, or a Pres-
ident who has not insisted that the attack was in
violation of law, and that an obligation was thereby
imposed upon Portugal to indemnify the claim-
ants. Portugal resisted, and our Government
continued to insist upon satisfaction until we were
brought, under the Administration of the late
General Taylor, almost to the very verge of a con-
flict with that Government, growing out of this
claim.
Portugal has been discharged; and the question
arises, by whose agency? It is admitted that the
Secretary of State of the United States agreed to
an arbitration of the case; and it is nowhere in-
sisted that he consulted the clients of the Govern-
ment—for I shall so treat them—as to whether the
case should be thus submitted or not. Assuming
that he had the right to do so. he exercised it, and
submitted the case to arbitration without their
conscnt. The submission was to the late Presi-
dent of the Republic of France; but before he ren-
dered his decision he became the Emperor of that
country.
Now, sir, I am not going into any .minute in-
vestigation of each particular fact in the progress
of this case; but I shall endeavor to touch on those
facts which are most prominent, and, in my judg-
ment, ought to govern our decision. Up to the
point where we now are there seems to be no
controversy about the facts; but the Senator from
Tennessee asks whether it was not within the
knowledge of these claimants that the case was
submitted, and whether they protested against
it? Well, sir, I apprehend that, if an attorney
employed to prosecute a suit decides it out of the
ordinary course of his profession, he will render
himself liable if the money is lost; in other words,
if I employ you, Mr. President, or any other
gentleman, as a lawyer, to prosecute my case, and
