404
THE CONGRESSIONAL .GLOBE.
January 26,
you submit it to arbitration without my consent,
you render yourself liable to me for whatever
damage X may sustain thereby. But it is said
that you may protect yourself by a charge that
I had knowledge cf the fact that there had been
such a submission, and that I did not protest
against it. If this be not a violation of one of the
established rules of law, it comes so exceedingly
c!®se to it that I hardly perceive the difference.
It is an attempt to force on the claimants here the
proof of a negative. If the Government gave
them notice, it is the duty of the Government to
show that the notice was given. If they had
notice,Jet those who take the affirmative of that
proposition come forward with the proof, and not
impose on the claimants the necessity of proving
a negative—that they did not consent.
My own clear judgment is, that the Government
of Portugal having been originally liable, and our
Government having discharged that liability by
its own mismanagement of the case, has obliged
itself to make indemnity to these claimants; and
Upon that broad principle I shall place my vote.
I will not follow the lawyers through all the little
technicalities of the case, seeking a little technical
objection here, and another one somewhere else, by
which we may discharge ourselves from an honest
obligationtotheseparties. Sir, who is the claimant,
and what were the services rendered by him in
the beginning of this claim ? As gallant a soldier
us ever drew a blade in defense of his country;
a man who, by universal consent, fought the most
gallant action that was ever fought upon the bosom
of the waters, in proportion to the numbers em-
ployed. When before, sir, in the history of naval
warfare has it been known that a little brig, with
five or six guns and ninety men, could stand out
in noble resistance against more than five time3
its strength , and come out of the conflict with only
two men killed, when there lay dead 011 the decks
of the enemy some threeor four hundred ? "When
this transaction first occurred, if history speaks !
truly, it electrified every American heart from one I
extremity of the Union to the other. I dare say, j
if, at that time, the gallant old captain who stood
upon the deck of the Armstrong in this conflict, !
had.come to his Government, and asked for pay- 1
rnent for his ship, it would have been rendered,
and there would have been no caviling about it.
The. Government would lmve said: " Here, my
gallant son, take the money, and we will demand
a return of it from Portugal; but so far as you
are concerned, your ship shall not be sacrificed
unlawfully in the defense of your country, and
we stand by and permit it to be done without
W-V ttl/IVl/V <«M A 1 .%
making an effort fo save you and your men from
ruin." I11 such a case us this, sir, I cannot per-
suade myself to sink down to the mere technicali-
ties of the lawyer, for there is too much in the
history of the ease, too much in the gallantry of
the greatand good old man who prefers the claim,
for me to descend to those little particular;?.
Sir, Captain Keid is not known to this country
alone as the commander of the armed briff in this
conflict. Fix your eye as you come to the Capitol
upon that flag which waves over us to-day, and
ask who is us author? Sir, the author of that
nag:, the man who designed it, is the claimant in
this case. It was under his humble roof, by the
hands of his wife and- daughters, that the first flag
that ever floated over this Capitol was manufac-
tured. In every way he has manifested his devo-
tion to his country, his deep and lasting devotion
to Amenca, to her institutions, and to her honor; i
not only toiling in season but out of season in her :
defense; and shall we, the representatives of the i
otafces, stand here to-day caviling upon little miser- 1
sole technicalities of the law, such "as lawyers
resort to in courts of law, and courts of equity, to
avoid the payment of honest claims? I have great
respect, not only personally, for my friend from
Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] but I have the greatest
respect for his astuteness as a lawyer; and if he
Were m court to-day pleading for some man who
was trying to resist the payment of an honest
claim, 1 should applaud his technicalities and sav
they were well taken. His was a lawyer-like
speech. I am not prepared to say that, according:
to the strict rules of technical law, it was not a
correct speech. As between A and B—A tryin*-
to avoid the payment of an honest debt on a tech"
nicahty--I tnink the speech would have been well
ueiivered; but I think it was out of place in the
Senate of the United States for a great nation to
attempt to get rid of an honestclaim, preferred by a
high-souled and patriotic citizen, who has shed his
blood in defense of the country, who has reflected
glory upon his flag. For myself, sir, I repeat, I am
satisfied this Government has made itself liable,
in law, for the payment of the claim; but whether
liable or not, I am going to vote on the broad prin-
ciple that old Reid fought Jhe battle, that some-
body was responsible for the loss of his ship, that
that responsibility has been removed from the
party who was clearly liable, and that we ought to
make up the damage.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I have,
in common with all other members of the Senate,
the highest respect for the opinion of the honorable
Senator from Delaware; and if I could predicate
my action upon the opinion of any Senator con-
trary to the conclusions at which I have arrived,
from an examination of the case itself, I should
be very glad to shield myself for my vote, by
citing that opinion.
But, sir, my attention has been particularly
called to this matter, I believe, by the friends of
the claim. I examined it at their request, and I
have subsequently received a communication, pur-
porting to be a circular, which, 1 believe, was
originally published as a communication in one of
the newspapers of this city, which, I suppose,
was addressed to every member of the Senate,
arguing the casein favor of the claim. I read that
with care; and I then reverted to the argument
which was had here when this question was be-
fore the Senate on a former occasion, and also to
the papers in the case which I have examined,
and I have come deliberately to the conclusion that
there is no shadow of justice or right in the claim
itself; and 1 cannot help stating, as briefly as I
can, what are the grounds of my opinion.
The Senate will remember that at the last ses-
sion a vote was taken upon this subject, and, I
believe, after full argument only twelve members
of the Senate were found who voted in favor of
the claim. We have not had any new facts pre-
sented to us. The same report has been read that
was read before; and in the face of it, withoutany
new facts, and solely on the ground of an amend-
ment, which renders the bill much more objection-
able in my eye than it was a« it stood before, we
are now called upon to reverse that decision. Now,
let us look at the case briefly.
This vessel, the General Armstrong, was iitted
out as a privateer, by certain persons for their
own purposes, for purposes of gain by following
this kind of warfare upon the high seas. While
she was engaged in that pursuit, she put into a
neutral port—the port of Fayal. While iyin^
there, contrary to the laws of neutrality, a British
fleet attacked the vessel in that port, and destroyed
her. She made a most gallant defense, but was
finally conquered and destroyed.
Mr. President, when this question was before
piesented to the Senate, the position was taken
that by that very act, Portugal, the neutml power,
become responsible to us. That position was
answered; and i have not heard it adverted to
again here, though some Senators, in their re-
murks, seem to suppose that responsibility to be
admitted, trom the style in which the claim was
prosecuted against that Government. But, sir, a
moment's consideiation satisfied the Senate before,
and would satisfy them again, that that of itself
presented no ground whatever for a claim upon
! Portugal, provided she was in reality neutral in
relation to the matter; and I believe it is not pre-
tended that she was not so. That, she was
responsible by the law of notions, if she acted in
good faith, I believe no gentleman will calmly pre-
tend; because, as was pertinently inquired on a
former occasion here, what would be the conse-
quence if a weak nation was bound to respond in
pecuniary damages for every loss a strong one
choose to m/lict L.-pon its enemies within her juris-
diction, and which she had no power to prevent?
oir, 1 go further, and say that she was not
bound, unless she chose, to take any part in the
contest. All that is required of a neutral Power
under such circumstances is, that she shall not
aid the enemy, directly or indirectly; but if her
conduct is such as to manifest complicity with the
enemy, she then loses her character as a neutral
ana makes herself responsible. In this case
^o^vder> no claim was made on Portugal on that
This doctrine of the law of nations is perfectly
sustained by our treaties. It was recognized by
our earliest treaties with Prance and Spain, and
it was recognized, I think, m 1840 by our treaty
with Portugal. The provision of those treaties
is, substantially, that each party will endeavor
in good faith and to the best of its ability, to
prevent any outrages upon the property of the
other within its jurisdiction, and that if such
outrages should take place, it will endeavor to
procure satisfaction for them; and that is all any
nation is bound to do.
1 dissent, then, from what has been assumed
by some gentlemen, that there was the slightest
responsibility on the part of Portugal to respond
pecuniarily in damages to this Government for
the loss of this vessel. If that be the case, in
what state does the question present itself to us ?
The claim was made against Portugal at once.
The report assumes that Portugal admitted the
claim to be a just one; but there is no such
admission anywhere in the papers. There is
nothing in the correspondence on the part of Por-
tugal, admitting her responsibility. The first
ground she ever took positively on the subject,
was a denial of her responsibility. To be sure,
the minister of Portugal at the time addressed a
letter to the minister of this country, in which he
stated that the Prince Regent had made a claim
on the British Government, for indemnity for the
injury done to her neutrality, and to her citizens,
and also for the injury done to the property of
the citizens of this Government; but he did not
admit that Portugal was responsible, in case Great
Britain should not respond to that claim thus
made. I take it, therefore, that the statement
made in the report, on that subject, is erroneous
in fact, and that no such admission was ever
made by the Government of Portugal.
Thus the matter went on for several years,
without indemnity being obtained, until at last,
under the administration of General Taylor, the
claim was renewed and pressed in very strong and
imperative language. Before any conclusion was
had, another Administration came into power,
and the whole question was submitted to an arbi-
trator. Now, the point has been raised whether
that submission was with the assent of the claim-
ants. I say, it makes no sort of difference whether
it was with their assent or not. No one will pre-
tend that the Government is bound to go to war
for a claim of its citizens, if it chooses to settle the
claim in any other way. If the doctrine be once
advanced and recognized, that the claimants must
we consulted in such cases, to what consequences
would it not lead ? Imagine in what a situation the
Government would be, if there were five hundred
claimants, and it must previously obtain the assent
of every one of them, before it could submit a
question to arbitration, or failing in that, must
resort to the ultima ratio, and declare war against
the offending power. No such idea can be sus-
tained. In point of fact, however, it appears that
this whole transaction was known to tbe'claimants
m this case. I do not say that they were con-
j suited upon the question whether the claim should
■ be submitted to arbitration; but they knew the
I Jho'' k"!J ^ interposed no objection to it, and if
, they had made objection it would have been of 110
consequence, for their objection, was not a matter
i S °ne way or the °ther. It was the
I Cluty of this Government to submit the matter to
| arbitration. It would have been the most unwise
I thing in the world to declare war for such a trifling
j matter, if it could be settled in any other way. It
| ™as spitted to arbitration—not submitted by
the Secretary of State or by the President alone;
1 hv y a treaty- A treaty was ma(ie
and th fnSnSat,'°-n WSS given for other c!ai™
fion Th t ,m Was submi"ed to arbitra-
tt • .y was approved by the Senate
not tv! '-ed This actio"  therefore, was
not the action of the President alone, or of Mr.
Webster, who was then Secretary of State- but it
was the action of the Government! A treaty was
ton mH 1 th's claim was referred to arbitra-
tion, and other claims were paid. That treaty
nffh!!e«! ° body, and approved by two thirds
are nnwTnS ProbabIy unanimously; and we
are now called upon to review our own action
Government ^ aCti°Q °f « 
tf0,re me \]Tlfr0m the Present See-
theAu m^hlch he says' it appears from
files of the Department that these claim-
