1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
ants had notice of all these matters. Of course
they were not allowed to be heard before the arbi-
trator. Neither this Government, acting in the
place of the claimants, nor the Government of Por-
tugal had a right to be heard before the arbitrator;
and neither was heard. It is not customary, nor
by any means necessary, that such cases should
be argued. The case was made up in writing
and submitted. The idea has not been advanced
from any quarter that all the proofs and papers in
relation to the claim which were ever submitted
to the Government of the United States were not
laid before the arbitrator and by him passed upon
after a deliberate examination. At any rate, he
had it in his hands for a year, and he decided,
after examination and deliberation, against the
claim.
Now, sir, under such circumstances, ought we
to be called upon to review the decision ? Ought
we to be so guilty of disrespect to ourselves, to
the Government which made this treaty, to the
Senate which confirmed it, and to the arbitrator
who decided the case upon all the papers ever
presented by the claimants to this Government,
as to suppose that there has been a mistake or an
error in the decision of the judge? We must
remember, too, that he is the only person who has
ever had occasion to examine both sides of the
case. He is not, and probably cannot be, accused
of being influenced by any considerations except
those which should influence an officer in the high
position which he occupied, and acting as he did
act in relation to the matter.
Mr. BUTLER. Who was the judge ?
Mr. PESSENDEN. Louis Napoleon. Sir, I
think my friend from Mississippi will see that this
is not a mere technical lawyer's objection. If this
claim were to come before Congress in the shape
of a gratuity to be paid to Captain Reid and those
who were engaged with him, for the gallant ser-
vices which they rendered on that occasion, it
would stand in a very different light. Now it
comes to us in the shape of a claim for the whole
amount of their losses; and, as I shall presently
show, not only for the whole amount of their ac-
tual loss, but for what advantages they expected
to gain if the voyage had not been broken up.
The claim is presented against us because, instead
of declaring war against Portugal for this individ-
ual claim, our Government chose to submit it to
an arbitrator, with the assent of the Senate, and
with the assent of all the component parts of this
Government, whose assent was necessary to a full
decision on the subject.
I hold then, sir, most distinctly, that no consent
to the submission on the part of the claimants was
necessary, and no protest on their pait would
have been of any consequence. The Government
simply did its duty to the country. The case was
submitted fairly, because all was presented that
related to it. A decision has been had against the
claimants on the ground assumed by the arbitra-
tor. Whether that decision be right or wrong, it
is not for me to say. Undoubtedly the claimants
are not satisfied; but the decision has been given
by a disinterested arbiter.
Mr. BROWN. If my friend from Maine will
allow me, I would call his attention to this point
in the case. In submitting the claim of Captain
fteid, it was not a naked submission; but the
Government did it in consideration of having
something else secured. It seems that our Gov-
ernment was prosecuting a number of claims
against Portugal. Portugal agreed to pay the resi-
due of them, if this Government would allow the
case of Reid to be submitted to arbitration. There
was a consideration passing to the Government
for the submission. The offer of Portugal was,
that, in consideration of the arbitration in this
case, she would pay the residue of the claims.
That is evident. Thesubmission was made with-
out consultation with Captain Reid, as is apparent
by a letter of Mr. Webster, which I have now
before me. This shows that it was done against
the protest of Captain Reid. On the 5th of Sep-
tember, 1850, Captain Reid wrote to the Secretary
of State, protesting against the submission.
Mr PESSENDEN. Will the honorable Sen-
ator read the protest, so that we may understand it?
Mr. BROWN. This is the letter:
New Orleans, September 5, 1850.
Sir: I perceive it is proposed to refer the claim of the
owners of the brig General Armstrong to the King of
Sweden for arbitration.
Then the proposition was to refer it to the King
of Sweden, or any other friendly Power.
I hope the% Department of State has made no final ar-
rangements in this case, under the present circumstances;
and I desire that it may be left open until I can have a con-
ference with you on the subject. I shall be in Washington
city within thirty flays. There are. matters of great import-
ance which I desire to explain to the Department m peison.
I hope no step will be taken which will compromise the
rights of the claimants until I can have the pleasure of
seeing you.
With great respect, I have the honor to be vour obedient
servant, SAMUEL 0. REID, Jr.,
Sole and only authorized agent of the claimants of the
brig General Armstrong.
Hon. Daniel Webster,
Secretary of State of the United States.
Here is Mr. Webster's letter in response:
Department of State, ?
Washington, September 13, I860. $
Sir: In answer to your letter of the 5th instant, re-
ceived this day, f have (o inform you that the offer made to
Mr. Clay by Count Toia),to pay the several claims pre-
ferred by the American Government against that of Portugal,
with the exception alone of that of the General Armstrong,
which is to be referred to the Kmgof Sweden, or any other
friendly Power chosen by the United States and Portugal,
has already been accepted by your Government, and the
fact of aecrpmncc formally announced to Portugal, through
its diplomatic representative here.
I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,
DANIEL WEBSTER,
Samukl O. RF.tr>, Jr., Jl«enb of the <laimnnts of the brig
General Armstrong, Ned) Orleans, Louisiana.
Now, sir, I suppose there can be no difficulty,
with that response before uf, in saying that the
case was submitted to arbitration against the pro-
test of the claimants, and that it was done for a
consideration, Portugal saying, " We will pay
you the remainder of the claims, if you will arbi-
trate this."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where does the honor-
able Senator find that?
Mr. BROWN. In the correspondence. The
very letter which I have just read, speaks of the
offer, u to pay the several claims preferred by the
American Government against that of Portugal,
with the exception alone of that of the General
Armstrong."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is stating merely
what the treaty is.
Mr. BROWN, ltis stating what the Portuguese
proposition was.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I will send to the
tabic, and n«k to have read, a letter of Mr. Murcy
on this subject
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Department of Statf, )
Washington, Febmary 11, 1K>4. J
Sir : Your letter of the 7th instant, requesting that the
Committee on Foreign Relations may be furnished with
any evidence on file w thirf Department, going to show that
the caMJ of the General Armstrong was leforred to the aibi-
trament of the President of the French Republic, either
against or without the conscnt of the claimants, together
with any supgestion which 1 may think proper to make in
relation to the justice of the claim, or the propriety of its
being allowed, has been received.
Fiom an examination of the files of the Department, it
appears that, pending the negotiations winch terminated
in the convention with Portugal of 1851. two letters wero
addicted to the Sccretaty of State on ihe subject ol the
reference of the Aimstrong claim to the aibitration of a
third Power; one, dated August 2(5, 1850, by S. C. Reid.
" late commander of t!i'> privateer General Armstrong,'' and
the other, dated September 5,18.30, by S. C. Itrnljr ,(k sole
and only authorized agent of the claimants*,M in the ca e.
Copies of these letters, and of the replies thereto, are here-
with enclosed.
There are several other letters from the last named gen-
tleman on the same subject, and of subsequent dates,
among the files of the Department, from which it would
appear that the claimants in the case had acquio^ced in the
decision of their Government to agree to refer their claim
to arbitrament. If a different opinion was entertained by
them, ltis, at least, certain that their authorized agent did
not, in any letters to this Department, protest against that
decision, or intimate doubts as to its propriety or expe-
diency.
Regarding the claim above alluded to as definitely settled,
so for as tins Department is concerned, by the decision of
the arbiter to whom, by mutual agreement of the contracting
parties to the convention of 1851, it was referred, I con-
ceive that I cannot, without neglecting very important and
pressing business, devote sufficient time to the case to ena-
able me to understand all the facts m regard to it.
I cannot countenance the principle that where this Gov-
ernment is called on by a citizen of the United States to
interpose for the purpose of recovering- claims against any
other Government, proceeds in good faith for that purpose
and fails in its object, or obtains what may be regarded as
an inadequate indemnity, it places itself in a situation to be
called on to pay the claims or to satisfy the expectations of
the claimants. Our Government is but an agent m such
cases, and unless it acts against the expressed or known
wishes of those who have invoked its mteipusaion. it does
not, as I conceive, incur any iiabililty whatever to the
claimants.
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, W. Li. MARCY.
Hon. J. M. Mason, Chairman of the Committee of Foreign
Relations, United States Senate.
Mr. BROWN. I wish to read another letter,
to show that this was a proposition, on the part of
Portugal, to pay certain other claims if we would
submit this one to arbitration:
Department of State, )
Washington, Avgust 29, 1850. >
Sir : In reply to your letter of the 26th instant, 1 have
the honor to inform you that, after due consideration, it has
been deemed proper to accept the offer of the Portuguese
Government to pay all our claims, excepting that of the
Armstrong, &c., and to refer this to the King of Sweden,
or the President of the French Republic, as arbiter.
I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,
DANIEL WEBSTER.
Capt'in Samuel C. Reid, late Commander of the Priva-
teer General Armstrong, in behalf of the claimants.
Now, if I am not sustained in my declaration
that this was a proposition on the part of the de-
fendents in the action, so to speak, to pay some
dozen or twenty clients, if the- attorney would
arbitrate the claim of another client, I have wholly
misunderstood the English language. It was a
proposition on the part of Portugal to pay every-
body else, if our Government would consent to an
arbitration of this case. It did consent, but against
the protest of the parties, as I showed by the first
letter of Mr. Webster, which I read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot come to the con-
clusion which my friend fromMississippidoes, in
reference to that matter. If I understand those
letters—and I have read them before—the facts
are these: In the first place, Captain Reid ad-
dressed a letter to Mr. Webster, in which he stated
that he had learned from rumor that the subject
was about to be submitted to arbitration, that he
had no doubt whatever was done would be done
with wisdom and propriety, but he wished to have
some communication with the Department on the
subject before any final arrangement should be
made. Mr. Webster replied that the matter was
substantially closed. Captain Reid then addressed
another letter to the Secretary of State, express-
ing a wish to be heard. Mr. Webster merely
responded that the question had been submit-
ted. And now, Mr. Marcy, the present Secre-
tary of State, says there are other letters in
the Department, showing conclusively an acqui-
escence in the course which was taken. For this
reason, recourse should not be had merely to those
letters written by Mr. Webster, which were all
that seemed to be called for by the committee.
But, sir, I go further, and say that I do not hold,
in any shape or form, to the doctrine which has
been advanced on this subject. I contend that, if
a claimant calls for the interposition of his Gov-
ernment, he must submit to the course which that
Governmentseesfit to take, in accordance with the
law of nations, and his protest is of no conse-
quence. Sir, has a man the right to insist that
this Government shall go to war on account of his
private claim, and shall resort to none other of the
modes pointed out by the law of nations which
are customarily adopted, in order to have that
claim settled > The idea is preposterous. Cap-
tain Reid, as the agent for the owners of the brig,
never proposed to withdraw the claim from the
control of his Government; he never demanded
back his papers, and said he would take care of
the case himself; but, knowing the facts, he
allowed the matter to go on, under the control of
the Government, and that Government took the
only course which it could take with propriety,
and the claimants acquiesced in that course; for
Mr. Marcy says, there are letters on file showing
their acquiescence. Under that state of facts, can
it be contended, for a moment, that they have a
right to complain ?
Sir, how is it that the Senator from Mississippi
can argue, as he does, that our Government re-
ceived a consideration for submitting the case to
arbitration? Why, sir, the course which was
adopted was eminently proper. There were some
half a dozen claims or more presented by this Go-
vernment against Portugal, and the Government
of Portugal was ready to agree to the payment of
every one of them except this; and in regard to
this one she disputed her liability. If I have a
dozen acknowledged claims against an individual,
and one which is disputed, would it be strange
if we should agree to adjust those which were un-
disputed, and submit theone upon which we could
