1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
409
ilized nations. A single case involving the rights
of a single individual, -vas referred to arbitration,
and the Government denied to him the right to
have a proper exposition of the facts of his case,
and the principles upon which it rested, laid be-
fore the individual who was finally to determine
it. This is what I have objected to.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I am exceed-
ingly anxious to close the debate on this question.
I do not knowhow to attain that object—certainly
not by continuing the discussion myself; and really
I can add very little to what has been so well said
by the various Senators who have advocated the
claim. As a member of the Committee on For-
eign Relations, by whom this bill is reported, I
ought to say a few words. I was somewhat sur-
prised to learn, from the remarks of the Senator
from Tennessee, that one of the objections to the
allowance of the claim, was, that it might be con-
sidered as insulting to the Emperor of France, who
was selected as the arbitrator to decide it. Sir,
when that arbitrator shows, by his own statement,
and upon the face of his award, that he did not
understand the facts, I think I am at perfect lib-
erty to disregard the decision which he has made.
The award of the arbiter is based on the assump-
tion that the boats which were sent out from the
British squadron in the night time were unarmed,
and that therefore the American brigGeneral Arm-
strong, in opening its guns on those boats, com-
menced the fight—in other words, was the aggres-
sor. I say the award shows that the only ground
upon which the arbitrator refused to allow the
claim, was that there was no evidence that those
boats, which had thus been sent outfrom the Brit-
ish squadron to the General Armstrong, were
armed. Is there any sensible man in the world,
except the Emperor of the French, who would
ever raise the presumption that the vessel of one
nation, which was engaged in war with another
nation, would, in the night time, under cover of
darkness, send a boat alongside the other vessel,
without her men being armed ? When an arbi-
trator shows that he does not take the trouble to
investigate the facts, or when he raises a presump-
tion which is against common sense itself, I am
under no obligations to respect his judgment. The
facts in this case show that these men were armed;
that there were two men killed and one wounded
upon theGeneral Armstrong by a discharge of mus-
ketry from these boats. That they had gone there
for hostile purposes, is beyond doubt. That many
of them were killed in attempting to board and
obtain the possession of that brig, is equally cer-
tain. That they %vere met as American tars
usually meet their enemies—in the spirit of determ-
ined, unyielding resistance, is now a part of the
history of the country Thesemen, only ninety in
number, killed and wounded more than two hun-
dred of the British before the brig was captured.
I grant that the first guns were fired by the
American vessel. Those boats were coming along-
side; they were armed. They were hailed first
by the American crew, and upon receiving a reply,
the American vessel immediately opened upon
them. Does any man in his senses suppose that
Captain Reid would have brought on this battle
purposely, that he desired to have a contest when
he had but seven guns and only ninety men under
his command, against one hundred and thirty-six
guns, in full battery, in the possession of the Brit-
ish ? Sir, it would have been an act of madness
which would have consigned Captain Reid to a
lunatic asylum for life; and yet this is the ground
on which the arbiter proceeds to award judgment
against Captain Reid. It is upon the ground that
he commenced the battle, and must take the con-
sequences which resulted from it. To commence
a battle with seven guns and ninety men against
one hundred and thirty-six guns, as I said before,
would be an act of madness which no sane man
would perpetrate. Still, the Senator from Ten-
nessee supposes that it would be disrespectful and
discourteous to the arbitrator to set aside his
award ! But it is no dtsrespect to the Emperor.
We have acquiesced in his decision so far as Por-
tugal is concerned. We have submitted to his
award, however unjust, and released Portugal
forever from all demands on account of this out-
rage. But, in doing this, we have, as I think,
assumed the debt due Captain Reid.
Mr. President, let me tell the Senator that from
1814 down to 1851, our Government persisted in de-
claring that this was a just and equitable demand
against the Government of Portugal. The whole
correspondence shows that from the time of the
transaction, down to its final settlement, the State
Department was pressing the claim, and even
threatening war in the event of Portugal refusing
to allow it. Sir, the declaration made by the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] when he
was Secretary of State was equivalent to a threat
of war, if the claim should not be paid. Now,
does the Senator from Tennessee object to our
doing justice, simply because an arbitrator, who
has not taken the trouble to investigate the facts,
or who has raised presumptions against common
sense, says all these declarations on the part of our
Government were false and unfounded? Is the
Senator from Tennessee prepared to say that for
more than one generation we have been prosecu-
ting an unjust demand against Portugal ? Sir, if
his doctrine be true, it places us in the humili-
ating position of having threatened war for the non-
payment of an unjust demand. The earnest and
zealous manner in which this claim was pressed
by our Government can only be justified upon the
ground that it was clear and incontestable.
Mr. President, the first question is, was this a
just demand against the Government of Portugal?
Is there a Senator within the sound of my voice
who does not believe that it was a just, fair, and
honorable demand against the Government of
Portugal? Does any man believe that this was not
such a violation of the law of nations as justified
our Government in even threatening war, unless
theclaim wasdulypaid? If it was a justdemand—
and you have the declaration of every Adminis-
tration from the date of the transaction to this,
to that effect—then this Government, by entering
into a negotiation which prevented these parties
from recovering that demand, has placed itself in
the position of Portugal, and is now liable for the
payment of the claim. Sir, when I say this, 1 lay
down the public law which is recognized among
all civilized nations, in the very language in which
it was recently uttered by the Lord High Chan-
cellor of England. In Great Britain a private
individual may sue the Government if he has a
just demand against it; but here in this country,
no matter how just the demand a private citizen
may have against the Government, he is compelled
to present his memorial, and subject himself to
the delay of long speeches in both branches of
Congress. In a recent case in Great Britain—De
Bode vs. Regina—this doctrine was enunciated by
the Lord Chancellor:
"It w admitted law, tlint if the subject of a country is
upohuted by .1 foreign Government, tie lrf entitled to obtain
redress from the foreign Government, through the means ot
hHovvn Government; but if, from weakness, timidity, or
any other cau$r.t on the part of liia Government, 110 redreas
is obtained from the foreigner, then he lias a claim against
his own eountry."
I agree with the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bayard,] that the treaty in this case was the first
ever made referring claims to arbitration where
there was no stipulation for a hearing of the
parties. The Secretary of State, Mr. Webster,
refused to receive a written argument of the claim-
ants in this case in order that it might be trans-
mitted, through our minister at France, to the
arbitrator, on the ground that there was no stipu-
lation in the treaty which made provision for any
such thing. I say that is an anomaly in the
history of this Government. You have prevented
these parties being heard before the arbitrator.
You have affirmed, from the outset, that this was
a just and fair demand against Portugal. You
have entered into a negotiation which has utterly
prevented them from obtaining any redress.
Now, I hold, under these circumstances, that,
according to public law, you yourselves have
become responsible for their payment. If the
United States, in order to settle difficulties of long
standing with a foreign Government, has found it
expedient to sacrifice the just and fair claims of
one of its citizens, it is, I think, bound, by every
principle of equity, to discharge it.
Is there anything unjust in this? My friend
from Mississippi showed that the Government of
the United States, in order to secure other claims
upon Portugal, saw proper to agree that this one
should be arbitrated. Was it because the Gov-
ernment of the United States doubted the justice
of the claim? Was it because there was any
doubt as to the legality of this demand against the
Government of Portugal? No, sir, for all the cor-
respondence between Portugal and the United
States, and between this Government and our for-
eign agents abroad, shows that we have always
affirmed this to bea clearand indisputable demand
against Portugal. Here, then, was the considera-
tion acting upon the mind of the Government of
the United States, in order to obtain the pay-
ment of other demands, it agreed to an arbitration
of this, which it had affirmed from the beginning
to be a just, clear, and incontestable claim. In
my judgment, it is too late for the Government of
the United States to come in now and refuse pay-
ment of that claim for which they have been will-
ing in times past to go to the extremity of even
declaring war with Portugal.
But, sir, I do not desire to continue this discus-
sion. My main object is to get a vote upon the
bill. It seems to me the question is a very simple
one. If this was a just and equitable demand
against the Government of Portugal, and if, by
making the treaty of arbitration it has been lost
to the claimants, then the Government of the
United States, by every principle of justice, is
under an obligation to indemnify them. I say
now, as I have said on other occasions, that I do
not stand upon technicalities in the payment of
these claims. I shall not take up the time of the
Senate in speaking of the gallantry of these men,
of the unequal contest which they waged with
the British. It is enough for me to say now, that
that page of history which records the action is
one of the brightest pages in the history of the
war of 1812. If this be a just and fair claim, let
us not stand here quibbling upon mere points,
technical in their character, when the justice of
the demand is apparent to everybody. Let the
brave and gallant men, whose daring feats have
excited the admiration of every true American,
feel that their Government is not ungrateful.
Mr. DAWSON said, Mr. President, I do not
desire to detain the Senate, but I wish to say a few
words, as the main question involved in the bill
has not yet, in my judgment,been fairly presented
to the Senate. The Administration who negoti-
ated the treaty of 1851 with Portugal, seem to be
censured for the manner in which they submitted
the proposition for* the payment of the brig Gen-
eral Armstrong to an umpire. Let us look at the
case, and ascertain whether there is any ground
for this insinuation.
For nearly forty years there had been a discus-
sion between the United States and Portugal in
relation to the claim for this vessel, and no final
action upon it. This body has not expressed its
approval of the justice of the claim. There had
been no action by which its justice was established.
The ground upon which Portugal refused to pay
it was that, by the law of nations, she was not
responsible, by way of indemnity, for the loss of
this vessel within her waters. Gentlemen assume
that, when there are two powerful belligerents on
sea and land, and one of those belligerents goes
into a neutral port, belonging to a weaker Power,
and there sustains injury, that Power is bound to
gran t indemnity. This is a principle which should
not apply where the neutrals used all the means in
its power to prevent it.
As I have said, there was a controversy in this
case; and how was it decided ? Not by any aet
of the Government unknown to the claimants, as
a brief statement of facts will show. Negotiations
to obtain indemnity for theloss of this vessel were
pending between the Government of Portugal and
the United States, during the time when my friend
from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] had the honor of
presiding over the foreign affairs of the country.
He could not bring the matter to a successful
termination; but it seems, if his service had been
prolonged in that Department, he might have suc-
ceeded in doing so. He seems to think that his
successor in office did an act which was calculated
to impair the right of the claimant. The only
response I have to make to that is, that for forty
years the same position of affairs had existed as
existed when my friend from Delaware left the
office of Secretary of State. When Mr. Webster
came into power, he continued to negotiate for the
payment of the various claims which this Govern-
ment preferred against Portugal, amounting, I
think, to five" in number. The Government of
Portugal agreed to pay them all, except the one
for indemnity for the brig General Armstrong,
and a treaty to that effect was made between the
two Governments, and concluded on the 26th of
February, 1851. The proceedings which led to
