410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
that treaty were known to the claimants in this
case. Captain Reid, as early as August, 1850,
wrote to Mr. Webster, asking him to suspend
the matter for thirty days. Is there any doubt
about the suspension of the negotiations for those
thirty days? None. He wrote again, through
his son, in September, 1850. Was there anj? pro-
test in opposition filed to the treaty ? No, sir.
The treaty was submitted to the Senate of the
United States five months afterwards, in 1851, for
their ratification—a treaty between Portugal and
the United States to close all existing difficulties
between the two nations and their citizens, by
which treaty this claim was submitted to arbitra-
tion. My friend from California must pardon me
for saying that whenever the articles of agreement
for the submission of a difficulty to an arbiter
are specific, and the terms of the submission are
contained within the articles, nothing beyond the
limits of those articles can be brought to bear on
the question, and Mr. Webster, in my judgment,
would have been guilty of great impropriety if he
had suffered a written argument to be sent from
this country by counsel, in behalf of the claimant,
to instruct the arbiter who was selected as umpire
to decide on a particular principle. The articles
of submission precluded any such thing. Now,
sir, what were those articles? In the treaty of
the 96th of February, 185], I find this provision:
" Art. 1. The liigli contracting parties, not being able to
come to an agreement upon the question of public law
involved in the ease of tile American privateer brig ' Gen-
eral Armstrong,' destroyed by IJriOsh vessels in the waters
of the Island of Fayal, in September, 1814, her most
faithful Majesty has proposed, and the United States of
Ameiica have eonsented, that the claim presented by the
American Government in behalf of the captain, officers,
and crew of tbe said privateer should be submitted to the
arbitrament of a soveieign potentate, or chief of some
nation jn amity with both the high contracting parties."
What, then, was the question submitted? It
was, whether the public law—the law of nations,
under the circumstances of the case, considering
the occurrences which took place at Fayal—im-
Fosed the obligation of payment upon Portugal,
t was, whether a neutral Power, either strong or
weak, should be rendered responsible for the pay-
ment of any loss sustained by belligerents in con-
sequence of a violation of neutrality within her
ports. It seems to me that the law of nations lays
down no such rule as that, in every case, a neutral
Power is bound to make indemnity for such oc-
currences. Suppose that, at the present time, a
French vessel should find its way into the Chesa-
peake bay, and there anchor, and where we had
no means of defense, no military fort, no soldiers,
no national vessels. Then suppose a Russian ves-
sel, or fleet, should come to the same port, and
here, within our own waters, destroy that French
vessel, or capture it. But to state the case more
analogous: Suppose that, instead of such an attack
being made in ottr waters, it should be made within
the dominions of one of the weak Governments of
South America, which have neither a naval nor a
land force to protect their territory against such
an infringement of the law of nations, are we to
establish the principle that, in all such cases, the
Government whose neutrality is violated shall be
made responsible? Upon what ground can we do
it? If it be done at all, it must be upon the ground
of justice. The laws of nations are founded upon
justice and natural right. A strong nation has no
right to force its own views on a weak one.
Mr. WELLER. Does the Senator undertake
to say that, by the terms of the treaty of 1851,
which he has read, this Government agreed to
leave to the Emperor of France the decision of the
question, whether it was a violation of the law of
nations for the British vessels to fire upon an
American vessel in a neutral port? Does he say
that the only question submitted to the Emperor
of the French was as to the construction to be
given to the law of nations ? Does the Senator
suppose that this Government would ever submit
a question of that sort to arbitration ? Was itnot
a question of fact winch was submitted to the
arbitrator, whether, under the circumstances of
this case, there had been a violation of the obliga-
tions of the neutral Government?
Mr. DAWSON. I will answer the Senator by
reading the words of the treaty:
" The high contracting parties, not being able to come t#
an agreement upon the question of public law involved in
the case of the American privateer, General Armstrong'' 
Mr. WELLER. I apprehend the reason was
that the parties differed as to the facts; and the
Emperor, in his award, puts the decision on the [
ground, not that it was not a violation of the law
of nations, but that the battle was commenced by j
the Americans instead of the British; in other ;
words, that the American brig had fired on un- |
armed boats approaching it at night. That is the ;
ground on which the Emperor decided the ques-
tion.
Mr. DAWSON. The Emperor, in making that
decision, perhaps, did not touch the last point, but
he went on, under a subsequent article of the
treaty, which involves the proposition of which
my friend speaks. That article is in these words:
" Art. III. So soon as the consent of the sovereign,
potentate, or chicf of some friendly nation, who shall be
chosen by the two high contracting parties, shall have been
obtained to act as arbiterm the aforesaid case of the priva-
teer brig * General Armstrong,' copies of all correspond-
ence which has passed in reference to said claim between
the two Governments and their respective representatives,
shall be laid before the arbiter, to whose decision the two
high contracting parties hereby bind Uiemselves to submit."
Now, sir, mark the words of the submission,
" all correspondence which has passed in refer-
ence to said claim between the two Governments,"
was to be laid before the arbitrator, whoever he
might be, and upon the facts therein contained,
his decision was to be final and conclusive. His
decision, under the second article, was, that the
facts did not justify the Government of the United
States in pressing the Government of Portugal to
a war for the payment of the claim. j
Sir, I believe it has been urged by my friend
from Delaware, or, if not by him, by some other
Senator, that the Governmentof the United States
failed to discharge its duty to the citizen whom it
was representing in this case, by not procuring all
the facts to be laid before the arbitrator. Where
is there a particle of evidence to justify such an
imputation on the memory of Daniel Webster,
who was then Secretary of State? Where is there
the least ground upon which you can charge him
with a dereliction of duty in his position? No-
where. Every paper was submitted which was
required by the treaty, and to have done more
would have been a violation of the treaty.
The Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] 1
think, said all the facts had not yet reached Louis
Napoleon, and that every man had aright to be
heard. He spoke earnestly against denying the
right to be heard; but, sir, the articles of the
treaty, by which the points in controversy were
submitted, are to govern in such matters. Ac-
cording to Vattel, the arbitrator must proceed in
precise conformity with the rules laid down in the
articles of submission. Did the treaty of 1851,
which was ratified by this body, authorize any
individual to argue the question before the Emperor
on behalf of the United States, or on behalf of
Portugal? Not at all.
But, sir, this brings me to the next point. Why
has Portugal invariably alleged, up to this date,
that she ought not to be held liable? Here I may
perhaps be allowed to reveal a little history. I
presided, on one occasion as late as two o'clock in
the morning, over a discussion, which was very
amiably and complacently carried on, on this
question. I acted as arbitrator, and the law of
the case was argued by my distinguished friend
from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] on the one side,
and Mr. Figanicre on the other. I heard the whole
argument, and every time my friend from Dela-
ware made a point,his demonstration was as clear
as a problem in Euclid. " Fig, you'll have to
pay, and we'll take it in whiteport." [Laughter.]
At the time, my friend will recollect that, in this
controversy, I sustained him as to all our claims
against Portugal except one. I thought then that
he was carrying the law a little too far. I per-
ceived the belligerent tone and manner of my friend
j at that day. Perhaps he had some of the heat of
| the late Mexican war pressing on him at that time.
He made Mr. Figanicre very uneasy; but, sir, I
hesitated then and now in laying down the law
of nations to be, that a weak Power like Portugal,
or like one of the South American States, which
has not the means of enforcing its neutrality, shall
be driven to be answerable, in the way of damages,
for all the consequences growing out of a violation
of its neutrality by a powerful belligerent nation.
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish to put a question to
! my friend. He thinks that, as the Government of
Portugal was weak, and, as he says, not able to
protect the privateer, she was not answerable.
That is his argument.
Mr. DAWSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLAYTON. One other question. If the
Government of Portugal was not answerable, be-
cause- she was weak, and this Government after-
wards, with a full knowledge of the fact that this
outrage had been committed by a British fleet on
an American privateer, made peace with Great
Britain without providing for the indemnity to the
persons who were wronged, according to the law
of nations, as my friend will admit, is not our
Government answerable to the claimants ?
Mr. DAWSON. I should think not. Great
Britain was answerable to Portugal for a violation
of the laws of neutrality, and she should have
paid Portugal the indemnity; and if Portugal had
received the indemnity from England, it would'
have been her duty to pay it over to these claim-
ants. But suppose England refused to pay, the
last power that was left to Portugal for the enforce-
ment of the claim was the power to make war.
Suppose she was too weak to drive England into
payment, shall her national weakness be used by
a great Power like the United States to compel
her to make the indemnity which she has not been
able to recover from the nation which committed
the wrong? Sir, these things should be regulated
by considerations of justice and equity, and by
an appeal to the sense of duty and right which
exists between man and man, and nation and
nation. A powerful man may, perhaps, compel
another to do a wrong, or submit to injustice; a
weak nation can be driven into submission by a
stronger one; but it is not just.
Sir, the treaty in this case provided for a sub-
mission to the arbiter of the correspondence be-
tween the two Governments containing the facts
of the case. Vattel says, that whenever articles
of arbitration are written, and the question is sub-
mitted to a distinct Power, if there be no fraud,
no want of kindness, nothing to lead the mind of
either of the submitting parties to the belief that
dishonesty has interfered with the decision, honor,
and national law, the confidence which should be
observed between nation and nation, require that
the decision of the umpire shall be respected-
Where is the indication here that Louis Napoleon
was governed by any unkind feelings towards,
the United States ? This was a question of doubt,,
and that doubt was submitted to his decision,and
we, as an honorable body, when there is no im-
putation cast upon the character of our arbiter,
are bound to acquiesce in his award.
But, sir, have we notethe same power to force
England to pay the claim ? It is a debt due to us,
but it is contended, according to national law, Por-
tugal must get the claim for us; in other words,
our right is against England, through Portugal.
Now, is there any national law, any law regu-
lated by justice, which would say that the United
States should not have the power to enforce pay-
ment of the claim from England? The reply
which will be made to this, I know, is, that Eng-
land and the United States were belligerents at
the time of the loss of the Armstrong, and that all
differences existing between the two countries
were merged and settled by the treaty of 1815.
What influence that may have had over the Gov-
ernment of Portugal, I cannot tell. I am satisfied
with knowing that this claim existed, and I am
one of those who would sustain it upon proper
principles, even down to the present hour; but
there must be an end put somewhere to all con-
troversies between nations.
When the question was submitted to arbitra-
ment, was there any other remedy left to the Uni-
ted States to close the claim, except that of going
to war? Is there any Senator on this floor who
will urge that it was not within the discretion of
the nation whether it should declare war or do
any other act to enforce the debt of a citizen
against a foreign country? Why, sir, it is a mat-
ter of pure discretion on the part of the Govern-
ment. It is bound to protect the citizen, but it is
not bound to involve the rest of the citizens in a
war for the debt of a particular individual. Will
it be contended that Captain Reid has not had the
influence of the power of the Government to pro-
cure a settlement of the claim ? If the Government
failed m obtaining it, what course was left ? Either
to arbitrate or go to war. We chose arbitration.
All admit that to be a good and proper course. It
is said, however, that these parties never submit-
ted to that arbitration. I think they did. They
were notified of it in August, 1850, and asked
