1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
thirty days to be heard before Mr. Webster. Thirty
days passed off. They wrote again in Septem-
ber, 1850. The treaty was not concluded until the
26th of February, 1851; and hence it is that Mr.
Marcy, the present Secretary of State, says there
is evidence on record of the submission of the
parties to the arbitrament.
Sir, can it be that the Government of the United
States, in taking control of the claim of a citizen
against a foreign country, is to be controlled by
that citizen in the manner in which it is to seek
redress for him? Is that citizen to go to the Gov-
ernment and prescribe what it shall do? When
the Government takes charge of his claim, he
abandons his own individual right to prosecute it.
He does it, because of his individual weakness
and inability to sustain it. He asks the Govern-
ment to interfere. "When the Government inter-
feres, is it, subject to his control, like a lawyer is
to the control of his client ? Surely not. When
such questions are prosecuted by the Government,
they involve grave and important considerations,
and become matters of public policy. The ques-
tion is submitted to the Government on the same
principle which would urge me to surrender a
private right for the benefit of the country. It is
a sort of eminent domain which the Government
exercises—a right to control the individual action
of a citizen for the good of the country.
This brings us back to the question, are these
parties entitled to the payment of this claim from
the United States? There has been adoubtabout
it for nearly forty years past. The two Govern-
ments could not agree upon it, and we submitted
it to a third party—to an honest man, as we
supposed. Is there any evidence that he failed to
act honestly? Is there any evidence that we failed
to do our duty towards those citizens? Their
claim has been decided against them; and after the
decision is made, they come here and ask us to
reopen the whole question, throw an imputation
upon our own Government, and an insinuation
against the arbiter whom we had chosen. It is
an insinuation that he must have been governed
by some strange infatuation, or he would never
have made such award. Sir, was not the ques-
tion one of doubt? If it had been a case admit-
ting of no question, would our Government have
submitted it to another power for decision ? No,
sir, it was a question of uncertainty; it was one
of great doubt. It must interest every one who
belongs to a weak nation. It involves the ques-
tion whether a neutral power, which is so weak
as to be unable to enforce its neutrality, shall
always be held liable to make indemnity to pow-
erful belligerents for injuries which it was unable
to prevent. It is a grave question. It involves
too many considerations to allow it to be disposed
of in this hasty manner. The presentation of this
claim now, insinuates that Daniel Webster did not
f&irly present the rights of an American citizen
against a foreign Government, and that the ar-
biter whom we chose has not made a right decis-
ion.
Sir, I admit the gallantry and the valor of Cap-
tain Reid. The consequences ofthe battle of Fayal
entitle him to my warmest sympathies; and, as
my friend from Maine has remarked, if this were
a proposition to make an appropriation in consid-
eration of his gallant services, it would be an en-
tirely different question; but when you call upon
me to reopen such a solemn transaction as this,
where there has been a treaty, and the arbitration
of a foreign Power, and when that reopening casts
imputations on the dead, I shall never consent
to it.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator irom
Georgia introduces into the discussion a new
argument, and as I differ from him entirely as to
the principle of the law of nations which he has
advanced, I will trespass upon the time of the
Senate, very briefly, while 1 state the principles
which I suppose to apply.
The honorable Senator assumes that Portugal,
being the weaker power, was not bound to make
reparation for the injury committed by the British
force within her borders. Sir, I hold, and I sup-
posed, until the honorable Senator stated the prin-
ciple to be the reverse, that we all held it to be
clear and undoubted, that whenever a community
or people assume to themselves nationality and
the" rights of neutrals, they are bound by the cor-
responding duties of neutrals; and that a nation
cannot allege her own weakness to escape from
the obligations that are imposed upon her. There-
fore, it is a settled principle, that a nation, being
bound to cause the rights of other nations to be
respected within her dominions, if she does not
protect them, (every nation being presumed to
have power to make reparation to the individual,)
she is bound to make that reparation. Sheis held
responsible. I did not suppose that was contested
at this day. Yet, the honorable Senator assumes
the ground, that the weakness of a nation will
authorize fier, though she has assumed the rights
of nationality, to escape from the duties which
attend upon that nationality.
Sir, I hold that doctrine not to be tenable.
When a people hold themselves out as a nation,
and claim the rights of a nation, they are bound
by the duties of nations; and, as one of these
duties, they are bound to protect, within their own
jurisdiction, the rights of neutrals, and for every
unjust violation of them they are responsible. I
admit unhesitatingly, that, being bound to redress
the wrongs perpetrated by another foreign nation,
her right of rearess is against the one who com-
mits the wrong. She is bound to make reparation
to the injured party. The United States, in this
contest, could make no claim upon Great Britain.
They were at war; but the law of nations and
neutral territories is to be respected, and within
the limits of that neutral territory, one nation has
no right to make war upon the other. If she
does, she violates the rights of the neutral nation;
and if that neutral nation does not prevent it, she
cannot plead, as her excuse, her weakness. She
becomes, therefore, responsible to the injured
party; and, under the same law of nations, she has
a right to claim redress from the party which com-
mits the injury, because, in the pursuit of war,
that party violated her rights of neutrality.
That, sir, I understand to be the principle. The
honorable Senator put a case as an illustration.
He asked if a French vessel was to come into the
waters of the Chesapeake, where we had no forts
and no frigates, and a Russian vessel was to come
in and destroy her, whether we would be bound
to make remuneration ? Beyond all question, yes;
and we would also have a claim for remuneration
upon Russia, and, if she did not grant it, we
would go to war with her. Even before the French
Government would claim it from us, we could
claim reparation and redress for the injury done
to our neutrality towards a nation in peace and
amity with us. That is the position which I take.
It is the duty of every nation, if she calls herself
a nation, and claims the rights of a nation, to bear
the responsibilities of a nation, and to perform
the duties incumbent upon her.
I go further. The honorable Senator, it seems
to me, has assumed a ground that Portugal never
ventured to assume for herself. He has assumed
what the French Emperor never pretended to
assume in his decision upon the case; for, as I
understand, he admits the principle as I have stated
it, but he gets out of the application of the prin-
ciple by equivocating on the facts of the case.
He puts his decision on the ground that the Gen-
eral Armstrong fired first in invasion of the rights
of a neutral port. He does not put his decision
on the ground that Portugal would not be liable
under the laws of nations, if she could not resist
the aggression and prevent it; but he puts it on
the ground that the General Armstrong fired first
at the boats which were approaching her from the
British vessel; and that, therefore, she must be
assumed to have commenced the strife, because she
fired first; and, on that ground, we had no right for
reparation at the hands of Portugal. He admits
the principle of the law of nations, which I have
stated, but in this manner evades its applica-
tion.
I therefore used the language, in speaking of
this case, that I considered the decision an atrocity.
1 think so still. I do not mean by that to arraign
the individual character of the Emperor of France,
for he had nothing personally to do with the in-
vestigation, I suppose, or of the Minister, or of
the particular individual he appointed for the pur-
pose of adjudicating upon the case ; but 1 do
mean to say, that so palpably erroneous is the
decision, that I cannot account foijit in any other
mode than this: that the great principle of justice
was violated which would have enabled the party
to make a statement of the facts of his case, and
an exposition of the principle of law which was to
sustain these facts, as the ground of the claim,
and that that was violated by the terms of the
treaty.
I make no attack on Mr. Webster, Mr. Pres-
ident; but I suppose he was a man. X suppose,
in the multiplicity of his engagements, he may
have overlooked some things. No man acknowl-
edges more than I do his great services to the
country, and his ability; but still he might commit
an error. If this treaty bears the construction
which is given to it—which I do not think myself
—of excluding the right of the party to be heard
in support of his claim, that treaty being confined
to the single isolated claim, then I say it was a
treaty made by the United States which violated
a primary principle of justice. The honorable
Senator may tell you that the arbiter was too great
and distinguished a potentate; but who is there
that cannot decide a case better by hearing the
arguments on both sides ? If John Marshall could
be instructed, and if the Supreme Court of the
United States have changed their opinions by the
argument of counsel, surely there is nothing in
the character of the Emperor of France that can-
not, also, be instructed upon an argument made
by counsel in reference to such a claim.
Mr. President, I therefore can, in no mode,
account for the decision which was made in this
case than by the reasons which I have given. I
can in no other wise explain the palpable error of
the decision, except by supposing that the facts of
the case were not really put before him in their
proper position. If that be so, and if, by the
terms of the treaty, the right to be heard was
excluded, it violated one of the first rights which
the citizen ought to have; and we are bound to
compensate him.
Now, sir, as regards the treaty, I take a different
view from the honorable Senator. In the second
article it recites that the parties are unable " to
come to an agreement upon the question of public
law involved in the case of the privateer brig
General Armstrong." That is a mere recital, not
an agreement of the parties. The parties then
agree to refer the claim—"the United States of
America have consented that the claim presented
by the American Government, in behalf of the
captain, officers, and crew of the said privateer
should be submitted to the arbitrament," &c.
The agreement there is to submit "the claim."
What would that mean, in ordinary language?
It would mean, of course, accompanied by the
principle of law to govern it. They submit the
facts of the case, and on them the decision was to
be made on an established principle of public law.
They state that there has been a disagreement,
and the claim is submitted to the decision of the
arbitrator, which necessarily involves the facts, as
well as the principle of law to be applied to those
facts.
The third article then stipulates:
" So soon as the consent of the sovereign, potentate, or
chief of some friendly nation, who shall be chosen by the
two high contracting parties, shall have been obtained to
act as arbiter in the aforesaid case of the privateer brig
General Armstrong, copies of all correspondence which
has passed in reference to said claim between the two Gov-
ernments and their respective representatives, shall be laid
before the arhiter, to whose decision the two high contract-
ing parties hereby bind themselves to submit."
Now, sir, the construction given to that article
is, that it excluded the right of the claimants to be
heard. The object was to bind Portugal as well
as this Government, particularly Portugal; and,
therefore, all the official papers in the case were to
be laid before the arbitrator. But is there anything
in the treaty which says that the party shall not
have the right to make a statement of the facts in
the case, and the principles of law which apply to
the case? Would a judge or arbiter, in that orany
other case, not decide more probably aright after
having heard both sides, than if he excluded that
right? There is nothing in the language of the
treaty which excludes it. It contains a stipula-
tion for the presentation of the papers, but there
is nothing in it to exclude the right to give further
and other testimony. There is nothing in it to
exclude the right to make comments upon those
papers, through the proper representatives of the
Government, and to sustain the claim of the party;
and if there be not that, and the Secretary of State
of the United States yet did refuse to the party to
forward his argument, or to procure the Amer-
ican minister to be heard in support of the claim,
then, I say, he denied a great right to the party;
and, as the.decision was atrociously wrong, I can
