41*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
attribute the wrong to no other ground than the want
of a full and fair hearing in order to enable the
arbitrator to decide it properly upon just principles-
Mr. President, if, on the contrary, you hold
that the treaty does exclude the right, then, I say,
the Government made a treaty in that case which
it has made in no other. It made a treaty which
denied a right that ought, in all cases, to belong
to a party, and more particularly in a case which
involves his rights alone, and those of no other
class of persons whatever. If it did deny that
right, it presents a case which, in equity and jus-
tice, calls for remuneration. You have now a
commission in Great Britain to decide upon cases
which are pending between the two Governments.
Do you suppose the claimants would be satisfied
if their cases were sent to be decided there upon
the documents and correspondence of the two
Governments, without the party having the right
to present his claim on the principles and facts
relating to it, and an argument in support of the
principles to govern his case ? It would be an
atrocity, and it will always be, as it always has
been, so considered in any case in which it is un-
dertaken so to decide upon the rights of parties.
You must give them the right to be heard—the
right to present the case in such a form as they
see fir—so that the principles of law may be inves-
tigated and the case fairly adjudged; and that can
only be done by a full and fair hearing.
Mr. President, I have taken up more time in the
discussion than I desired. I am influenced by
something more than the interest which I feel in
thecommander of the Armstrong, for the decision
which was made, under the circumstances attend-
ing it, makes it a case of great moment, and
should lead the Senate to a favorable vote upon
it. The claim has been spoken of as having been
for forty years urged by this Government, without
relief, and that there must be great doubt about
it. Let me bat say, that if I am not mistaken—I
cannot recollect it positively; it is a long time
since I read about the case—I have a strong
impression on my mind that in the early corre-
spondence between the two Governments, Portu-
gal admitted her liability. I can easily understand
that, as the national pride of Great Britain was
involved in this matter, her influence over Portu-
gal, u nation bound to her by all the ties that can
bind one nation to another—almost, indeed, a
subsidiary nation—would protract the settlement
until we should finally be almost driven to a war
in order to obtain justice.
Mr CLAYTON. There cannot be a doubt in
regard to the suggestion made by my colleague,
m the conclusion of his remarks. When we look
at the facts of the case, there cannot be a doubt
about it. It will be found that the Government
of Great Britain held herself, through the whole
of thiH controversy, as a substantial party to it.
In order to understand our position precisely, let
us look back a little to the facts.
New Orleans was attacked shortly after the
destruction of the Armstrong. An expedition des-
tined to succor the British army at New Orleans
was on board of the ships that blockaded the
Armstrong, and attacked her in the harbor of
Fayal, in September, 1814. The British admiral
with a seventy-four gun-ship, some frigates, and
two floops-of-war, appeared off the port, when
the Armstrong had gone into the harbor for the
purpose of procuring water, and determined at all
huztrds, although it was not his main object—he
ought not, according to his instructions to have
stopped there-—to destroy that privateer, on ac-
count of the injury she had done to British
commerce, lie made a desperate effort and lost
more than two hundred men in the gallant fight.
The British expedition was so crippled, that one
of the sloops-of-war had to return to England
laden with the wounded Englishmen; and, sir,
the expedition was so long delayed inconsequence
of this very battle, that the succor destined to j
have been carried to New Orleans, did not arrive j
in time to take part in the battle. Indeed there are I
many who believe that we owe the safety of New 1
Orleans, on that occasion, under God, to the cir-
cumstances which occurred in September, 1814,
when this privateer was destroyed, and to the
gallant men who fought on that occasion, and
who crippled that expedition so completely that
it could not arrive in Louisiana in time. He was
compelled, as I have said, to return with a cargo
of wounded seamen and marines to England.
It may seem surprising to those who are not
acquainted with all the facts, that such a deep in-
terest should be taken in this question by the
Senate of the United States, at this late day. Sir,
it was a point upon which Great Britain and the
United States felt as acutely, and as deeply, as
upon any other. Great Britain felt that she had
been deeply injured by this privateer, not only
before this battle, but particularly at the time of
it. She made constant efforts, from the beginning
to the end, to prevent the claimants from being
indemnified. The evidence of her influence is to
be found everywhere; and there cannot be a doubt
in the mind of any rational man, that whatever
influence she had with the French President, or
Emperor, as he afterwards became, was exercised
to the utmost against these claimants. It was for
that reason, and knowing that, that I never would
have agreed to refer the matter to him or to any
Power she could possibly have any influence over.
Why, sir, Portugal herself undoubtedly had the
assistance of England through the whole negotia-
tion. She had no influence here, we would not
listen to it; but there, before the French President,
1 insist upon it$ it was exercised, and exercised to
the destruction of the interests of these claimants.
One fact 1 desire to mention, which has not been
before mentioned. The award is signed by the
President of the French Republic. In point of
fact it was not made by him until he became Em-
peror, but in order to make it appear to be signed
by the French President it was ante-dated. Now,
what influence could have been exerted to make
him do that? If it was not a reference to the
French Emperor, then he had nothing to do with
it after he became Emperor; and in order to nail
the matter he ante-dates his award, and signs it
as President of the French Republic.
Mr. President, I shall not enter into a discus-
sion of the question which has been so ably ar-
gued by my colleague, in reply to the honorable
Senator from Georgia, but I submit to him that
a little calm reflection will satisfy him of the total
error which he has made in the argument that a
weak nation is not responsible under the law of
nations, and is not bound to obey the laws of
neutrality. Such a principle never can be adopted
by us with any regard to our safety. Mr. Presi-
dent, I put again, to my honorable friend from
Georgia, who discussed this question so much
at length, the question, if this Government is to
place the decision in this case upon the ground
that the Government of Portugal was weak, and
therefore not answerable for the claim, does it not
follow, as an irresistible inference, from that, that
when this Government made a treaty of peace, and
released the claim upon Great Britain, it became
responsible for the amount of the damages? The
Senator is driven irresistibly to that conclusion,
if what he premises be correct, that a weak nation
is not answerable for what she does.
My friend has thought proper to allude to a
little conversation that occurred in my office, in
which some discussion was had between Seflor
Figamere and myself. It is true we did meet, as
my friend states, on one occasion. He was present,
and, among other arguments or statements made
by the Portuguese Minister, it was asserted that
the Government of Portugal was poor, and that
we ought not to press her for that. I think that
my friend who was appointed so jocularly as arbi-
trator on that occasion, decided in my favor. I
clearly understood him that he decided Figaniere
should pay in port. I did say, jocularly, on that
occasion, " if you have not anything else to pay
it in, we will take it in port." I said this, how-
ever, with perfect respect to the Portuguese Min-
ister, who, on all occasions, so far as I had an
opportunity to see, was a gentleman in every sense
of the word.
Mr. STUART. T sent, sir, a short time ago,
for the treaty which has been alluded to, with the
view of taking the floor, and reading it and com-
menting upon it when the honorable Senator from
Georgia had concluded. He has, however, pre-
sented the facts connected with it so strongly and
plainly, that I do not desire to do it; but I do desire
to call the attention of three or four Senators to
the position which they have taken, and to seek to
show that that jfosition is not founded in the facts.
They assume that the facts were not before the
r rench Emperor. To assume that, is to deny
that for forty years the respective Secretaries of
State have not been able to present the facts. The
treaty says, in so many words, that all the cor-
respondence in the case shall be presented to the
arbiter, be he whom he may. The case shows
that all that correspondence was presented to him.
Now, can anybody state, or, in other words, is
there any evidence before the Senate, that the
facts were not presented ? I differed from the
honorable Senators in the outset; but if you admit
their premises, that the Government has not the
right to submit the case without all the facts and
all the arguments being submitted, then, I ask,
has the Government been thus derelict in this case ?
To decide that in their favor, you must decide
that those gentlemen, the ablest in the country,
could not argue a case as well as somebody who
might be employed by the claimants.
The facts, then, were before the French Em-
peror, if it was possible for them in thirty-odd
years to be presented. The arguments were
before him, if it was possible for such honorable
gentlemen as the Senator from Delaware, and the
late Daniel Webster, and other gentlemen of equal
ability, to present them. Now, then, before it is
contended, as the Senator from Delaware does
contend, that the Government has thus made itself
liable, the proof should be conclusive that, if the
claimants had been heard, they would have pre-
sented such facts as could satisfy the Senate that
the case would have been differently decided. They
wish now to have an appeal from the Emperor
Napoleon, who heard the case upon a full discus-
sion on both sides, and have the case decided
here in the Senate of the United States against
him, upon an imperfect hearing on one side.
That is the remarkable posi'ion in which gen-
tlemen are placed here, some of whom seek to say
that we are insisting upon a technicality. The
Emperor says—I shall not read it—that it is evi-
dent from the proof in the case, it is evident from
the correspondence submitted in the case, that the
boats of this vessel fired first. We are called upon
to undertake to decide that they did not. That
question has been argued, I say, by the several
Secretaries of State in the strongest terms. That
argument, with the facts to support it, was pre-
sented to the arbiter. He decided that the testi-
mony in the case showed that these boats fired
first. That is called monstrous. It is a monstrous
conclusion, we are told. I think it is not a very
great stretch of imagination when the other addi-
tional fact is considered, that there were only two
men killed and seven wounded on the part of the
privateer, while there were between two and three
hundred killed and wounded on the side of the
British forces. It might be pretty well asked, if
those boats were equally armed, and so superior
m numbers, why they did not do more injury?
At all events, when the Senator from California
asks, is there a Senator here who denies the cor-
rectness of the claim ? I answer him, yes, sir; I
deny it upon the judgment of the arbitrator who
has heard all the testimony and the argument on
both sides; and before the judgment of any court,
or any arbiter, who has heard both sides, is to be
overthrown, a clear and indisputable case is to be
made out against him.
Mr. CLAYTON. The honorable Senator ad-
verts to the fact that nearly three hundred were
killed and wounded on the part of the British, and
only two killed on our side; and if I understand
him, he seeks to show that we were not at a dis-
advantage, and might have been the aggressors.
Why, my honorable friend, if he will look at the
evidence, will see that the British made two attacks
that night upon the privateer. They attacked her
by surrounding her with barges filled with men.
The privateer was armed with a forty-two pounder
loaded with grape up to the muzzle; and every
discharge of the gun killed many men.
They attempted to climb the sides of the vessel,
but the captain and men cut off their hands and
arms as fast as they appeared. When their am-
munition was exhausted, they seized the round
shot piled for the purpose upon the bulwarks, and
hurled them upon the heads of the British in the
boats below. Many of the barges were thus
sunk. This was one of the most remarkable
actions that ever occurred; but there is nothing in
the facts of the fight from which gentlemen can
infer that our men were the aggressors.
Mr. STUART. I heard the honorable Senator
state that, at the last session, with as much power of
influence and argument asl ever listened to in my
life. It was perfectly thrilling; and, I doubt not,
