1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
413
that when he presented this case to the Portu-
guese Government, he presented it with equal
ability upon all occasions. What does the Em-
peror say ?
" Considering that if it be clear that, on the night of the
27th of September, some English long boats, commanded
by Lieutenant Robert Faus-set, of the British Navy, ap-
proached the American brig, the ' General Armstrong,' it
is not certain that the men who manned the boats aforesaid
were provided with arms and ammunition. That it is evi-
dent, in fact, from the documents which have been exhib-
ited, that the aforesaid long boats having approached the
American brig, the crew of the latter, after having hailed
them, and summoned them to be off, immediately lirpd upon
them, and that some men were killed on board of the Eng-
lish boats and others wounded—some of whom mortally—
without any attempt having been made on the part of the
other boats to repel at onee force by force."
There is the opinion of the court, upon hearing
the facts and the arguments on both sides, deter-
mining that these British boats came alongside,
were hailed, and, not making a satisfactory
response, they were fired into, in the first place, by
the privateer; and yet, sir, I say the Senate of the
nited States is asked to take an appeal from that
decision. It is a decision made upon the hearing
of both parties, and upon the best arguments that
could be made by living men, 1 believe, for none
are abler than those who had argued the case.
The arbiter having heard both sides, and rendered
that decision upon the facts, the Senate is asked
to take an appeal from it, upon an imperfect hear-
ing on one side, and overrule the judgment. I
cannot do it.
Mr. BAYARD. Itseems to me that the great
fallacy in the honorable Senator's argument is,
that he charges us with inconsistency, because we
have advocated the principle of a full hearing on
the part of the claimants, before the French Gov-
ernment, and that the denial of that rendered the
United States responsible; and, at the same time,
he says, we are attempting, by an ex parte judg-
ment, to condemn the Emperor of the French.
Sir, I was not aware that the Emperor of the
French was a part of this bill at all. It is a bill
containing a grant to citizens of the United States,
for services rendered and injuries sustained. But
the hearing would not be ex parte if it was other-
wise, because it is very evident the Emperor of
France has very strong and powerful advocates
on the floor of the Senate—more than J supposed
could be found here for such a purpose.
But I think I can satisfy the honorableSenator,
from his own showing, that it must be from the
necessity of the case that there was no hearing.
In the diplomatic correspondence in reference to
the transaction, can the honorable Senator point
out to me any time when the Portuguese Govern-
ment took the ground that, in point of fact, the
first aggression was committed by the General
Armstrong? No, sir, no. The attention of her
1 own representatives was never called to such a
thing. No such question of fact was ever made.
No such investigation of the testimony was ne-
cessary; because the Government of Portugal
never intended to assume such a ground, but the
Emperor of France, on an unargued case, gets rid
of the subject by assuming a matter of fact which
the whole testimony goes to deny.' He assumes
that these boats were peaceably approaching the
General Armstrong, and that she was the first
aggressor; and that there is no evidence that they
had arms or ammunition on board. The whole
thing is an illusion, in my judgment; and if the
case had been properly presented, on the facts and
the questions which necessarily arose to the indi-
viduals appointed by the Emperor of France to
examine the matter, I cannot but believe that a
different conclusion would have been arrived at.
Mr. CHASE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CASS. I desire to say a very few words, as
I am now called upon to vote upon the bill. I shall
vote for it. I am not sure but that my impressions
respecting this action may have produced an effect
on my judgment. I have not examined the facts
for a great many years; but they were so well
known to the country, and produced so firm an
impression at the time, that they never can be
forgotten. It was one of the most gallant fights
that ever took place in war. It was equally
creditable to the captain and his crew, and equally
glorious to the country; and from that day down-
wards it has been ranked amongst the most glo-
rious achievements of our Navy.
Now, sir, the attack upon the General Arm-
strong was a most atrocious violation of the laws
of nations on the part of England. Nobody doubts
that; and I say, Mr. President, it was a continu-
ation of those series of gross aggressions com-
mencing in General Washington's day, and con-
tinuing until 1815, which marked the whole course
of England. It stood alongside of the burnings,
the impressments, the fictitious blockades, and all
the other series of the violations of the law of
nations—alongside of the Berlin and Milan decrees,
and everything like them, by which the common
sense of men was shocked. There is no doubt in
my mind, that the privateer General Armstrong
had gained such a reputation for her good conduct
and gallantry, that she was peculiarly obnoxious
to theGovernment of England, and particularly to
the English merchant marine; and it was a great
object to gain possession of her.
I am not going into all the circumstance's con-
nected with this matter There are equitable sub-
jects with it, that justify, in my opinion, a grant
by the Government for the losses sustained. Other
gentlemen have examined the question much more
fully than I can do. 1 wonder myself that it was
ever submitted to arbitration. So far as respects
the general principle, I should just as soon think
of submitting to arbitration a question of jurisdic-
tion over the city of Washington, as to submit the
question of the responsibility of the Portuguese
Government for this atrocious violation of the
law of nations. But it has taken place. There
is no imputation on the head of the French Gov-
ernment, I take it for granted. Whether acting
in his present capacity, or as President, he had
no more to do with the decision than I had. It
was made by some French juris-consults—no
doubt very able men, but they took a very one
sided view of the case. It is clear that our Gov-
ernmenthas always insisted on this principle. If
it is not, how can we support the claim ? From
the first inception of the claim to this day, the
Government has insisted on the liability of the
Portuguese Government, and I never heard it con-
tended before that it was not liable. I do not
suppose the Portuguese Government put it on the
ground tlmt it was not.
What is the doctrine? I take it to be very
clearly this: that a belligerent has no right, by the
law of nations, to enter within a foreign neutral
territory, whether it be actually its land territory
or its territory of three marine leagues, and commit
an aggression upon another Power, with whom
it is at war. I take it, there is doubt about the
general principle; but 1 do not agree with some
gentlemen who ask why we surrendered it to Eng-
land? We never had a claim against England.
The belligerent that commits this gross violation
of the law of nations, is not responsible to the
other belligerent. He is responsible to the neutral.
The doctrine is clear, there is no doubt about it.
I will read a few words, from an excellent author-
ity, on the subject:
" The capture of ships wilhin the territory of a neutral
State, or within three miles of the coa«l, or tile capture of
ships beyond the territory by boats within th " tcrnfoiyis
illegal, with respect to the neutral sovereign, but not with
respect to the enemy."
That is the general doctrine. The peculiar
doctrine to winch I refer is also laid down here,
that it is a question between the belligerent and the
neutral.
Mr. DAWSON. Has not this Government a
right to call upon Great Britain for redress?
Mr. CASS. No, sir; it is most distinctly laid
down, that it is a violation of the law of nations,
for the redress of which the injured belligerent
party must resort to the neutral. That doctrine
is' explicitly laid down in the book which I have
before me, " Wildman's International Law,"and
I refer the honorable Senator to the one hundred
and forty-eighth page, where it is distinctly laid
down.
Now, Mr. President, with respect to the pre-
text given for this decision, that the General Arm-
strong fired first, I suppose that the power of
defense is not confined simply to resistance when
assailed by your adversaries. You may repel an
invasion before it takes place. Yqu may defend a
fort before the enemy fires upon you, by all the
laws of nations and of men. It is an act of defense
if justified by the nature of the attack. In a time
of profound peace, such a vessel, situated as the
Armstrong was, with boats approaching her, and
the parties in the boats not giving an account of
themselves, would have the right to fire; and more
especially would it be the case in a time of war,
when a hostile squadron was there. In the name
of common sense, what could she suppose those
boats were approaching her for at nighi, but to
capture her? If their arms were in the bottom of
the boats, or hidden away, is that any reason w, hy
the Armstrong should take no measures of proicc
tion, but permit them to board her? I take it that
what I lay down is the true doctrine. I am sur-
prised that the decision of the French Government
turned upon that point. It seems to me a very
strange one. This, Mr. President, is all 1 have to
say. I should not have said a word if I had not
been compelled to vote.
Mr. BUTLER. Do I understand that it is the
purpose of the Senate to take a vote on this bill
now ?
Mr. WELLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot vote, with justice to
my judgment, without saying two or three words.
1 came very reluctantly into the Senate, and if I
had not listened so far as to impose upon me the
responsibility of deciding as a Senator, I would
willingly have escaped the vote which I shall give.
According to the position taken by my honorable
and able friend from Delaware, it seems to be
assumed,upon his part, that Portugal was under
an indisputable—yes, sir, fuse the word—indis-
putable obligation to thjs Government to indem-
nify for the loss of the General Armstrong. Well,
sir, I do not go behind the record to say whether,
by the law of nations, there was such an indispu-
table obligation on the part of Portugal, as to sub-
ject her to this liability, but I do go thus far, and
say that it was as competent for this Government
to submit the matter to arbitration, as it was to go
to war for her citizens; and if we submitted it to
the judgment of the French Emperor, or the
French President, I say, good faith, and comity,
and all that concerns the judgment of so high a
tribunal, if it cannot command entirely our respect
and approbation, it must at least command our
submission to it.
Mr. WELLER. So far as Portugal is con-
cerned, but not as to our liability to our citizens.
Mr. BUTLER. I say we must submit to it so
far as regards that. It has been decided that Por-
tugal was under no obligation to pay the claim.
If it be assumed that that throws it on this Gov-
ernment, it is nothing more nor less than making
the Federal Treasury an insurance for the claim.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall have to vote upon
this subject, and I have very little to say upon it.
I have taken up no time of the Senate thus far
this session, and I shall now take but a few mo-
ments. It appears, from all that I can glean ill
regard to this matter, that the claimants were not
consulted in rfiation to the reference to the arbi-
tration of the Emperor of France. The Govern-
ment assumed the right to refer it. The demand
was against Portugal for a violation of the law of
nations. The individuals had no recourse upon
England. The only recourse was upon their own
country, to see that their rights, as individuals,
were vindicated. It was referred, as I have stated,
and it appears, according to the extract read by
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] con-
tained in the decision of the Emperor of France,
that it was not ascertained that the boats which
went to attack the General Armstrong were a> med
when they were challenged, and that a response
not being made, they were fired into.
Hence it is, that the French Emperor decided
that the aggression was on the part of the Ameri-
can vessel. Now, sir, I should like to know
what induced those boats to go unprepared. Are
we not to act upon the presumption that they
were there to board the vessel; that they had gone
to attack it? If they launched their boats, and
advanced within hail of the American vessel, and
would not answer, they ought to have been.fired
into and sunk, every one of them. If this Gov*
ernment referred the subject to a foreign poten-
tate for arbitration, without the consent of the
individuals interested, and the decision was
adverse to the interests or the claims of the indi-
vidual, I do believe that the Government has
rendered itself responsible to the individuals for
indemnification. If the decision is wrong, the
honorable Senator from South Carolina says we
ought to submit to it.
Mr. BUTLER. After agreeing to submit the
matter, good faith requires it.
