1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
415
mittee has already got the subject before it; and it
is one not so far removed from doubt and diffi-
culty as a casual observer might suppose. I would
rather, therefore, that our committee should have
an opportunity of looking at it, and so 1 move
that the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Maine, be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
unless the House reconsider the vote by which the
resolution was ordered to a third reading.
Mr. BAYLY. Of course", I understood that;
but the gentleman from South Carolina has moved
to reconsider.
The question was taken on Mr. Boyce's motion;
and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Fuller.'a reso-
lution; and it was passed.
Mr. HUNT. 1 desire now that the House will
come to a vote on the Belden matter.
Mr. FENTON and Mr. FAULKNER, (at the
s^me time.) I hope the gentleman from Louisi-
ana will yield the floor for a moment.
Mr. HUNT. I will give way to one gentle-
man, but I cannot do so further. I desire that the
vote may be taken on the Belden matter.
Mr. HAVEN moved to reconsider the vote just
taken, by which the joint resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider do
lie on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. I rise to a privileged question.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move that the
rules of the House be suspended, and that the
House do now resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HUNT. I hope the House will not go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union without disposing of the Belden case.
Mr. FAULKNER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Fenton] also rises to a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. FENTON. I rise to a privileged motion,
t renew the motion I made a few days since, to lay
upon the table the motion of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr.MiLi.soN,] which was to reconsider
the vote by which the bill " to refund duties on
goods destroyed by fire at New York in the year
1845," was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from New York, that there is precisely
such a motion pending before the body. The mo-
tion made by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly,] to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, will take precedence of the
privileged motion of the gentleman from New-
York.
Mr. FAULKNER. I wish to submit whether
jny motion is not a privileged one at this time.
The SPEAKER. The Chair intended to hear
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia, but
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Kenton] first
addressed the Chair, announcing that he had a
privileged question.
Mr. FAULKNER. I understood that the
IXouse has unanimously determined that all bills
relating to the Territories should be received this
morning.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct in
saying that the House did receive reports relating
to the Territories; but that time has passed, and
the House have finished that business. The gen-
tleman from Virginia did not avail himself of the
privilege at the time, and the House is now en-
gaged in other matters.
Mr. HILLYER. As it is Friday, I move that
the House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. HUNT. I hope that the gentieman-from
Georgia will withdraw that motion and allow the
vote to be taken upon the bill which has been
under discussion several days since—the case of
Belden & Co.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. If thegentleman from
Georgia will give way to thegentleman from Lou-
isiana, I wish to ask him to allow me a few min-
utes time to make a personal explanation.
Mr. HILLYER. I have no objection to giving
way to the gentleman from Louisiana, for a vote
upon the bill to which he refers.
Mr. LANE. I will then ask my friend from
Louisiana to give way for a few moments. I
desire to ask the House to allow me to make a
personal explanation.
Mr. HUNT. Certainly.
The SPEAKER. The first proposition to be
voted upon is the motion of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.]
Mr. EDGERTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
The SPEAKER. That motion takes prece-
dence of the motion made by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.]
Mr. HUNT. Can the gentleman from Ohio
take the floor from me for the purpose of sub-
mitting the motion indicated by him?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
such a motion is always in order when a gentle-
man can get the floor.
Mr. HUNT. Just so; but can a gentleman get
it when I am occupying the floor?
The SPEAKER. There was no gentleman
legally occupying the floor when the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Edgerton] made the motion.
The bill for the relief of Belden & Co. will be
first in order, if the House refuse to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
or a Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. If the House will
allow me the privilege of making a very few re-
marks, by way of personal explanation, I shall be
very much gratified. If they do not, I shall ask
for the privilege of doing so at some other time.
Mr. EDGERTON. I have no objection to
hearing the explanation of the gentleman from
Oregon.
Mr. LANE. It will be recollected by every
member of the House, present upon the occasion,
that, some time since, when the Indian appropria-
tion bill was under consideration, a conversation
took place between me and my honorable friend
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means. I inquired
of him at that time, whether an appropriation was
provided, by the bill then under consideration, for
defraying the expenses of holding treaties with the
various tribes of Indians in Oregon living west of
the Cascade mountains, for the purpose of* extin-
guishing their possessory rights to the country. I
made the inquiry, and I am sorry that there was
no report of it. I then stated that the Indians
living west of the Cascade mountains claimed the
country of the Willamette and Umpqua valleys—
that portion of the country which had been
claimed, occupied, and cultivated by white people,
the Government having never paid the Indians
anything for their rights. I desired that they
should be paid for their possessory rights, and,
therefore, I inquired of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means whether a sufficient
appropriation had been provided for that purpose.
1 further stated that there were some Indians in
Oregon with whom we could not treat, for reasons
which I had not then time to give. 1 will read an
extract from an Oregon paper, which contains
the reasons for the statement I then made, why
we could not treat with some of the Indians of
Oregon Territory. I desire the House to listen
attentively to these reasons, which are very brief,
and it will be at once seen whether they are valid
or not.
[Since making the remarks, the paper from
which I read has been misplaced, and I now give
from memory the substance of the article then
read to the House:]
" News having been received, by a party of American
citizens, of tiie massacre of Ward's company of emigrants,
a party of eighteen lett Fort Boise on the 22d for the scene
of the outrage. On arrivingon the ground, they found five
wagons burned, and five dead bodies horribly mutilated.
At the distance of four hundred yards they found lour more
bodies, and a little further on the body ol a young female,
afterward'- ascertained to be Miss Ward, with marks of the
most brutal violence on her person, a hot iron having been
thrust into iier person, evidently while she was still alive.
Neartitc body of Miss Ward was found that ofMrs, White,
her head beaten to a jelly, and her body bearing many other
marks of brutal violence. A short distance from these
bodies was found the eneampment of the perpetrators of
the massacre, consisting of sixteen willow lodges. The
lodges were wholly deserted ; but in the encampment
were found the bodies of three of Mrs. Ward's children,
roasted to a crisp. Near by lay the body of tiie mother of
these children, scalped, stripped of her clothing, with sev-
eral cuts and bruises on different parts of her person, and
wounds showing that the savages had tortured her, while
still alive, with a heated piece of iron, supposed to be a bolt
taken from one of the Wagons. Some of the children have
not yet been found, and are supposed to have been carried
away by the savages, destined to more lingering, and, if
possible, to more fiendish tortures."
The extract which I have read will give the
House an idea of the terrible mode of punishment,
and the mode of inflicting cruelties upon women
and children. I have seen so many men killed in
battle and otherwise, that to know that a man has
been killed or murdered, does not present itself to
me with so great horror as it does to others less
familiar with such scenes. But I must confess
that the blood chills in my veins, and my feelings
are wrought up to the highest pitch, when I read
accounts of such horrible cruelties as the one which
I have just read.
I said, upon the occasion to which I have re-
ferred, that there were Indians in Oregon with
whom we could not treat. I used, upon that occa-
sion, strong language, saying, as western men
usually express themselves, on hearing of an In-
dian outrage, that they ought to be scalped.
I have been in battles with the Indians, have
seen many of them killed, but have never seen
them scalped by a white man, even when he had
the opportunity to do so; but I have seen many
white persons who have been killed by the Indians,
scalped, and otherwise horribly mutilated and dis-
figured.
In a paper published in Ohio, 1 find a criticism
of my remarks, and the conversation I held on
that occasion, with the honorable chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means. The criticism
emanated from the lobby of this House, I sup-
pose. Some person, within hearing of that con-
versation, made a skeleton report—whether it was
made by that " big sensual looking beast," as my
friend from New York [Mr. Walsh] terms a
certain individual who, by the courtesy of the
Speaker, occupies a reporter's desk in this House,
I cannot say. I regret to be compelled to make
this allusion to the individual referred to, whether
he be guilty or not; for, in my nature, I hate a
coward, and therefore I would not speak of a man
who is capable of such conduct. This is the crit-
icism:
" An instance of elegant pronunciation, illustrated by a
humane sentiment, was given in the National House of
Representatives, a few days since. An indian appropria-
tion bill was under discussion, when the Delegate fiom
Oregon undertook to enlighten the House. < Mr. Speaker,'
said lie, < 'lamt no use trying to civilize the fndiatis of
Oregon. They care nothing about treaties. They'll rob
and murder whenever they can get a chance. The only
way to treat the critters is to sculp 'em.' "
The author of this criticism attributes to me
cant phrases, which self-respect, habit, and a due
sense of the proprieties of debate, with a tolerable
knowledge of correct English, acquired by some
application to books, and long personal intercourse
with gentlemen of education and refinement, forbid
me to use. Some gentlemen may afford to indulge
ill such phrases, for the amusement of themselves,
and others of an equally vitiated and prurient taste.
Respect for myself and my position, forbid me to
attempt it.
I have been a friend of the Indians in my per-
sonal intercourse with, and the official relations
which I have sustained towards, them. I have
done, I believe,' as many acts of kindness to them
as any other man who has had the management
of Indian affairs. I have their confidence, I think,
to an extent which no man has surpassed. To
show to what extent I possess their confidence
and good will, I will mention an incident, which
happened not more than eighteen months ago. On
the 24th of August, 1853, we, the citizens of Ore-
gon, had a bloody conflict with the Indians, in
which, for a long time, it was doubtful on which
side the advantage lay, when they called out to
know who had the command. It was answered
that I was there, or, as they familiarly call me,
" Joe Lane." They then asked to treat. Blood
was hot on both sides, and I felt that I had rather
fight forty battles than to make a treaty. But,
when the application came from the Indians, I
ordered the firing to cease, held a talk with the
officers and men, and having intimated to them a
wish that, if dealt with treacherously by the In-
dians, I might not perish unavenged, I went,
though faint with loss of blood, and suffering
severe pain from a wound received in the conflict,
into their line of defenses, where, seated on a log,
with their chief, we agreed, after a brief consult-
ation, upon the preliminaries of a treaty of peace,
