418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
Eiiot, Etheridge, Everhart, Farley, Franklin, Goodrich,
Goodwin, Grey, Aaron Harlan, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt,
Knox, Latham, Lyon, McCulloch, McDougalt, Macy,
Matteson. Maurice, Maxwell, Meacham, Mlddleswarth,
Morgan, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peckham, Pen-
nington. John Perkins, Fhillips, Pratt, Pringle, Puryear,
Reese, lUehardson, David Ritchie, Eobbins, Rogers, Kowe,
Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Shannon, Simmons, William Smith,
William It. Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Kicliard H. Stan-
ton, David Stuart, John L. Taylor, Teller, Thurston, Up-
ham, Wade, Walker, Walley, Elhhu B. Washhurnft^Israel
Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth,Tappan Wentworth,
Westbrook, and Yates—92.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table. ^
The question recurred on the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was rejected.
-Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. H1LLYER. I move that the Houre re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move the pre-
vious question on the motion to reconsider.
TheSPEAKER. Thatmotion will be entered.
Mr. JONES. It is a privileged motion, is it
not?
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider is,
but it i3 always in order to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of theUnion. The Chair
had doubts whether it would take precedence 
Mr. JONES. Can a motion to go into com-
mitee take precedence of the motion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. The Chair was about to
state his opinion upon that point, if the gentleman
will allow him. The gentleman from Tennessee
raises a question of order in reference to the mo-
tions now pending. One of those motions is to
reconsider the vote by which the House refused
to pass the bill for the relief of Belden & Co.;
another is, that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and still another is, that the House resolve itself
into a Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar. The Chair thinks the latter
motion is first in order.
Mr. KERR. On that motion J demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kurr, and
Wab iiburn of Maine, were appointed. |
The question was tak«?n on Mr. IIiixyeii's mo-
tion; and the tellers reported—ayes 71, noes 89.
Mr. ORR. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeani and nays were not ordered.
So the House refused to resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
The question recurred on the motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. HENDRICKS demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jones, of
Tennessee,and Bfvson were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes ninety-seven, noes not counted.
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Seymour in the
chair.)
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. "When the committee last
rose it had under consideration House bill No.
117. General debute having closed, the Clerk will
proceed to read the original bill by sections for
amendment. ]
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by sec- j
tiona for amendment. ;
Mr. LETCH Mil. Is that the Houso bill or j
the Senate bill? >
The CHAIRMAN. It is the House bill; the!
substitute will be open to amendment afterwards'. ,
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to add a further '
proviso at the end of the first section. I will j
move it, however, to the substitute. ;
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I move to :
amend the first section of the bill by striking out
the word u five," in the fourth line, and inserting |
in heu thereof the word "six," so as to make the jj
appropriation ^G,0005000, instead of $5,000,000. ji
it appears to me, Mr. Chairman, that the rneuts ij
of this bill, and the facts on which they rest,may jj
be stated in a very few minutes. On t£e tiih of jj
February, 1778, the then Government of the:!
United States entered into a treaty of alliance with ij
France, by which it agreed to guaranty forever |j
to France all her American possessions; and by ;!
the treaty of commerce, of the same date, the
United States agreed by treaty that France, in the
case of war, might bring her prizes into American
ports. Those stipulations were not fulfilled upon
the partofthe United States, and letters 6f marque
and reprisal were issued by France, and a great
amount of property of different descriptions was
taken. Before the treaty of September 30,'1800,
and after the formation of the Constitution, the
Congress of the United States passed a law an-
nulling these clauses of that treaty. The treaty
in 1800, as made by the commissioners, made pro-
visions for negotiations for counter claims between
the two Governments, and the section of the treaty
to which I have referred was stricken out.
It is now said that there was a war between the
United States and France that canceled all the
claims of private citizens. I deny that there was
a war; and if there was a war it was one carried
on by letters of marque and reprisal. If war was
carried on, it *Vas substantially done by mer-
chants in the way of reprisal for the capture of
their property. The Government of the United
States did not carry on any war, although they
passed laws for raising an army. After the mer-
chants had vindicated their own rights by thecap-
ture of some French property, France became^
alarmed for the safety of her commerce, and came
forward and negotiated the treaty of September,
1800; and our Government, wishing to make peace
and come to a good understanding with France,
released these claims, which I regard as a full and
valuable consideration for the twelve or five mil-
lions, or whatever damages the American mer-
chants sustained. I never was more surprised in
my life than to hear the distinguished gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. BentonJ liken the American
claims of some five or twelve millions of dollars
to the exchange of two puppies. The negotia-
tions led to the tteaty of 1803, through the in-
strumentality of which we acquired, for a mere
nominal sum, Louisiana, and the State in which
the honorable gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Rkktont] lives. Without release of the claims of
our merchants, the treaty could never have been
negotiated. We should not have got clear of the
obligations of the treaty of 1778. Hostile feelings
would have grown more and more intense be-
tween two nations until actual war had ensued.
This treaty, and the release of our merchants
claims, and the friendly relations established be-
tween France and us, led France, when Louisiana
became menaced by Great .Britain, to sell it to us
for a mere nominal sum. Sir, the direct conse-
quences of the release of those claims were the
peace, friendly relations, and prosperity resulting
from the treaty of September 30, 1800; and the
consequence of those friendly relations was the
treaty of 1803, ceding to us Louisiana—a cession
doubling our domain, and from which, independ-
ent of other national advantages, we have, and
shall, if we choose, receive hundreds of millions
of dollars for the lands acquired by that treaty.
I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I object to the with-
drawal of the amendment, as I wish to speak in
opposition to it. The gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Perkins,] as a matter of course,understands
my objection. I wish to appropriate $5,000,1)00,
and $5,0u0,000 only,.for the payment of these
claims, and i hope the friends of the bill will vote
down all amendments npining a different sum. I
believe that a bill was never more fully considered
and discussed than the one now under considera-
tion.
It has been said—and I suppose that was the
object of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Perkins,] in moving: his amendment to increase
the sum from $5,000,000 to $6,000,000— that the
sum named in this bill was not sufficient for the
purpose of satisfying these claims. But the very
fact that we appropriate $5,000,000 for this pur-
pose, and provide that the amount shall be dis-
tributed pro rata among the claimants, affords a
security to the Govarnm-ent that all the solicitors
upon the face of the earth could not afford—and
why ? Because it makes every claimant who has
u good and valid claim the antagonist of those
who present spurious claims. The best security
which the Government has is to give a specific
sum, and if it does not cmount to the whole sum
claimed, so much the better, because before that
board of commissioners every valid claimant be-
comes a solicitor for the Government against ppu-
rious claiman ts. 1 hope that the bill may be passep
as it is presented in its present form. I have no
interest in this matter; and it is impossible that I
should have any interest in it. I have every reason
to believe that the claimants are satisfied with the
bill as it is, and I prefer that it should appropriate
too little rather than too much, not that I wish to do
injustice, not that I wish to fall short of our obliga-
tions, but because I wish to put the bill in a condi-
tion/by which the honest claimants—those having
real claims—will be made solicitors, and because it
is to be sl pro rata distribution in behalf of the Gov-
ernment and the Treasury, before a tribunal that
will be the most effective in the world for this pur-
pose. We have seen evidence that it will be so
in the history of several commissions that have
been instituted for the settlement of claims. In
the commission constituted by the treaty of Ghent
a specific sum was provided for the settlement of
the claims there to be adjudicated, and the vigilance
of the real claimants was such that there is now, at
this moment, a balance received from the British
Government that has riot yet been distributed. I
hope the bill may not be amended, but pass as it
is now presented. We have a great deal of busi-
ness to do; and I hope, if the friends of the bill
wish to pass the bill at all, that they will vote
down all amendments.
The question was then taken on Mr. Perkins's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I beg leave to offer the fol-
lowing as an amendment, to come in at the end of
the first proviso:
Provided, That the sum of $5,000,000 stiall be in full dis-
charge of all claims for French spoliations, whether the said
claims shall be presented to the Commissioners or nut.
Mr. WASHBURN j of Main-e. I wodld ask
the gentleman from Alabama to refrain from of-
fering the amendment he has suggested until we
have passed upon the original House bill, which is
now in committee, and reach the substitute of the
Senate. I would suggest to him to change his
amendment, by moving to strike out the remain-
ing part of the House bill, so that we may imme-
diately proceed to the discussion of the substitute,
and thereby save a good deal of time in the com-
mittee.
Mr. PHILLIPS. It is perfectly immaterial,
so far as I am concerned. I desire to have the
amendment that I suggest incorporated in the bill
that may pass this House.
Mr. WASHBURN. I would suggest to the
gentleman to ofFerthe amendment, then, to the sub-
stitute.
Mr. PHILLIPS. As I understand the question,
the bill now being read by the Clerk is open to
amendment, and is in the process of being amend-
ed.
The CHAIRMAN. That is so. The Chair
would state to gentlemen that the rules require
that the original bill shall first be read through, so
that it may be amended, should any gentleman
desire to offer an amendment. After the original
bill shall have been read through and amended—if
amended at all—the question will then be upon the
adoption of the substitute of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.] That substitute will be
open to amendment when reached.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I would inquire, if we pass
by this bill without the amendment which I have
offered—and which I think is material to be incor-
porated with it—and the question should come
upon the substitute, and the substitute be lost,
whether I would not be precluded from offering
my amendment to the original bill ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say that, if my
coheague wishes the benefit of his amendment
against any contingency, thebetter plan would be,
to attach it both to the original bill and the sub-
stitute. The gentleman will see 'that a contin-
gency might arise, under which the original bill
may be adopted and the substitute voted down;
so that the only way of being certain of the ben-
efits of the" amendment is, to attach it to the ori-
ginal bill and to the substitute.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The remarks of my col-
league meet my views, and I move the amendment
to the original bill, now under consideration, be-
| cause, if i do not move h now, it is evident that a
j contingency may arise in which I might not he
I able to avail myself of it; that is, in case of the
rejection of the substitute.
I The amendment was again reported by the
1 Clerk. . J
