1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
Mr. PHILLIPS. I think the propriety of that
amendment is evident. Nor, sir, do I understand,
so far as I have been able to have any intercourse
with those who have this bill in charge, that they
intend it shall have any other construction than
such as will be given to it should the amendment
I have proposed be attached to it.
, But, sir, it is a matter too important to leave in
doubt. If the bill may be considered as import-
ing a full release, without the proviso, the only
objection which can be made to the proviso I have
offered, is, that it is unnecessary. We had better
incur the risk of making assurance doubly sure,
than the hazard of leaving open a question of this
importance.
Therefore, as it is understood in all parts of the
House, that the United States, having the right to
affix the value which they consider the releases of
the French Government called for, and that, having
fixed that value at the sum of $5,000,000, it seems
to me they have the right to, and ought to, guard
themselves against any future claims arising out
of the same transaction hereafter; and that the
.proposition which I have made ought to meet
with, the consent of the friends, as well as the
opponents, of the bill.
Mr. ORR. if I understand the state of the
question now, we may save very much ©f the
time of the House by proceeding directly to the
consideration of the substitute. I understand the
friends of the bill expect to pass the substitute.
If that is so, it is certainly unnecessary that we
should consume time in the consideration of the
original bill, when it is proposed to take the vote
directly upon the substitute.
1 am very much opposed to the passage of this
bill in any form; but while that is so, I do not
wish that unnecessary tune should be consumed
upon it. I therefore propose that, by unanimous
consent, the committee shall dispense with the
further reading of the original bill, and that the
substitute shall be immediately taken up, read by
sections, and be open to amendment.
[Cries of " Agreed !" "Agreed!"]
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman from South
Carolina has rather made ti question of order than
a reply to the argument of the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Phillips,] and I wish to reply to
what he lias said.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be objection made
to the proposition of the gentleman from South
Carolina, the Chair thinks the original bill must
be read through.
Mr. WALSH. I do most decidedly object.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill must be then
read through.
Mr. OUR. My proposition being objected to,
I give notice, with a view of saving the time of
the House, that when it shall be admissible—
which will be after the present amendment h dis-
posed of—I shall move to strike out of the original
till all after the enacting clause. By doing that
we can get at the substitute immediately. I do
not think it necessary to consume any more time
in reading the original bill.
Mr. BAYLY, 'of Virginia. T agree with the
gentleman from South Carolina in his remarks;
yet I wish to reply to the remarks of the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Phillips.]
Mr. ORR. The gentleman can do that when
the amendment shall be offered to the substitute.
Mr. PHILLJPS. 1 withdraw my amendment,
if there is no objection.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. ORR. 1 now move to strike out ail after
the enacting clause of the bill; and I make the
motion with a view of reaching the substitute
immediately.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it re-
quires unanimous consent to make that motion,
as the rules require that the bill shall be read
through by sections.
No objection to the motion being made, the !
question was put; and the further reading of the
original bill was dispensed with.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. My substitute is
already offered, and, I suppose, it will be read by
sections, for the purpose of .amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be so read.
Mr. PARKER- We have not heard the* sub-
stitute read, and it strikes me that we had better
have it read entirely through first, and afterwards
read by sections for amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
bill through.
The Clerk read the substitute in extenso.
The substitute was then read by sections, as
follows, for amendment: "
Be it enacted by (he Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress as$em~
bled, That sausfaction shall be made, as hereinafter pro-
vided, to an amount not exceeding five millions of dollars,
to such citizens of tho United States, or to their legal rep-
resentatives, as had valid claims to indemnity upon the
French Government, arising out of illegal captures, deten-
tions, forcible seizures, illegal condemnations, and confis-
cations, committed prior to the ratification of the conven-
tion between the United States and the French Republic,
concluded on the thirtieth day of September, oue thousand
eight hundred, the ratifications of which were ^xeban^ed
n the thirty-lirdt day of July following: Provided, That
the provisions of this act shall not extend to such claims as
are stipulated for, and embraced in, the convention between
the United States and the French Republic, concluded oo
the thirtieth day of April, one thousand eight hundred and
tiuee, and for the liquidation a&d payment whereof pro-
vision is made in the said convention ; nor to such claims
as were allowed and paid, in whole or in pait, under the
provisions of the treaty between the [Jmted States and
Cspdin, concluded on the twenty-second day of February,
one thousand eight hundred and nineteen; nor to such
claims as were allowed, in whole or in part, under the pro-
visions ot the treaty between the United States and France,
concluded on the fourth day of July, one thousand eight
hundred and thirly-one: And provided, aho, That in all
cases of transfer or assignment, except gifts or donations,
no assignee shall entitled to receive an amount beyond
the consideration p.ml, and interest thereon.
Mr. LETCHER I move to strike from the
first section the words u and interest thereon."
Mr. Chairman, as this clause of the first section
of the substitute stands now, it is legislation di-
rectly in favor of speculators and against the bona
fide holders and owners of the claims. In all
transfers no claimant shall be entitled to receive
an amount beyond the consideration paid, " and
interest thereon." The speculator who hus gone
into the market and has taken advantage ut the
necessities of the individuals around him, for the
purpose of driving a hard bargain, and has driven
that bargain, i«, by this acction of the bill, as it
now stands, entitled to interest on the amount of
his contract for this debt, while the individual who
has held it and transmitted it as a gift to his chil-
dren, is to be denied the benefit ot interest; and
that, too, under a bill which provides that a pro
rata distribution of the fund shall be made. You
increase the amount to the speculator by giving
linn interest, and you leave the original claimant
without one dollar of interest, and thereby legis-
late to the speculator's advantage, and against the
interest of the bonajlde Holder and owner.
Then, besides, if you allow interest you thus
magnify the claim of the speculator to a sufficient
amount to augment it, in many instances, beyond
the original amount of the claim. For example,
suppose the speculator has purchased a claim for
twenty-five cents upon the dollar, if you allow
mteieat upon it from the time these spoliations
took place, you will probably enlarge the amount
to a sunt greater than the original claim which he
purchased
Now, sir, is that right? Ought this ETouse
to legislate in this way for the advantage of the
speculator?—the man who lives upon the misfor-
tunes of others—the man who gets his gams by
grinding the face of the poor. Ought lie to have
favor shown to him, when he has taken advant-
age of tiie necessities of a poor original holder of
a claim which this House says is just? Why is
it not provided that none of these claims Khali
bear interest? or why is it that interest is not,
also, allowed to the original holders of the claims i
Why is it that, of all the parties who are provided
for under this bill, interest is to be allowed to
those only who are the least worthy and the least
deserving ?
I hope this amendment will be adopted by the
committee, and that they will provide for the cor-
rection of this extraoidinary provision in the bill.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I will explain to
my colleague—I am afraid not to his satisfaction,
hut i think to the satisfaction of the House—what
is the meaning of that provision. It was to meet
the very objection that there have been transfers
of these chums to assignees, for less than their
value, or for sums less than those called for upon
the face of the claims. I say it is to meet this
objection that the bill provides that these claims
shall be razeed, and the amount called for upon the
face of the claims not allowed. But when you
have razeed these claims, and the claimants have
been cut down to the amount which they have
paid for them, I say it is but fair that you should
allow them interest upon the sum they have paid.
Mr. PECKHAM. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will say that there may be cases under this
provision where the assignee will obtain more
than he would have done if he had been the
original holder instead of the assignee. This
ought not to be.
Mr. BAYLY. I have no objection to such a
proviso as the gentleman from New York sug-
gests, but first allow me to get through, with what
I had commenced to say. I say it is but justice
to the assignee, when you have cut down the
amount of his claim to the sum actually paid by
him,,that you should allow him intere^ upon that
sum, though, as the gentleman from New York
suggests, the sum, with the interest, should not
exceed the original amount of the claim.
Now, sir, in reply -to my colleague, [Mr.
Letcher,} I will say that this provision was put
in the bill by the very men who are fighting the
assignees of these claims; by the very men who
are fighting those men whom my colleague calls
speculators. It was put in to prevent them from
getting more than the money which they have
paid down. I will not object to the amendment
suggested by the gentleman from New York, that
the amount, with the interest, flhall not exceed th©
amount of the original claim. I will agree to such
an amendment with a great deal of pleasure; but
I will not agree that the assignee, who has paid
down his money, shall be razeed on the face of
the bond, and then excluded from receiving any
interest upon that sum.
Now, sir, one other remark, while upon this
matter of assignment. Lhave looked into this
subject with a degree of care which I seldom
give to anything, because I have felt great interest
in it, and I do not believe there is a case of the
assignment of one of these claims existing upon
the face of the earth, unless it has been in case of
bankruptcy or insolvency. I do not believe there
is a case; and if any gentleman in this House,
better informed upon the subject than I am, will
tell me of one, I will be obliged to him. I do not
believe anybody can be found who has been fool
enough to speculate in these French spoliations;
but if such a man can be found, I should be glad
to know it.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, if nobody has
been fool enough to speculate in theseclaims, why
do you provide for these speculators at all?
Mr. BAYLY. 1 can answer that question. It
was precisely to meet the class of objections which
my colleague has made.
, Mr. FECICHAM. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Virginia,who moved the pending amend-
ment, if he will accept the modification I have
proposed?
Mr. LETCHER. I do not understand pre-
cisely what it is. *
Mr. PECKFTAM. To provide that theamount
to be allowed the assignees shall not, with inter*
est, exceed the amount of the original claim.
Mr. LETCHER. Oh no. That will not do
at all.
The question now beinguponMr. Letcher's
amendment,
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs, Macy and
Chamberlain appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers report*
ed—ayes 77, noes 80.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr, Chairman,!
move to strike out the whole proviso, which is aa
follows:
And -provided, also, That in all cases of transfer or assign-
ment, <*xcept gifts or donations, po assignee shah be en-
titled to receive an amount beyond the consideration paid,
and interest thereon.
Mr. Chairman, as I understand it, we are un-
dertaking to pay a debt which this Government
owes, it is alleged, whether truly or falsely,
none of us know, that persons have purchased
some of these claims, and we are undertaking to
interfere with the legal rights of the parties to those
transactions. This proviso undertakes to say
that the purchasers, who have bought these claims
in good faith, shall not have the subject-matter
that they have purchased. It undertakes to say
that, and also limits the purchaser to the sum he
actually paid, and interest upon that sum.
