400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
Now,t ask this committee, upon what principle
they undertake to establish a right to do that ? If
I buy a bond—everybody is familiar with that
instance—if I buy a bond forone hundred dollars,
and pay only twenty-five for it, the debtor cannot
satisfythat, debt by proving that I paid only
twenty-five dollars for the bond. Every lawyer
' in this Hall understands that to be the law of the
country-, and yet, sir, this attempt to restrict the
rights of. purchasers is exactly illustrated by the
case Which I have stated. What right have we
to do sueh a thing? The proposition just now
submitted and voted upon, not only contemplated
this thing, but undertook to go beyond that, and
to confine £he purchaser to the sum of money paid
for the claim without interest at all. You will
not let the man have the original article he pur-
chased, and you will not let him have the money
he paid for it, with the .interest that is naturally
and legitimately accruing upon it. I cannot, for
my life, understand why it is that, in rendering
justice to these parties, we should undertake to
. interfere with such transactions as these ?
Sir, I was sorry to hear the gratuitous allega-
tion of the able and efficient Representative of the
" Tenth Legion," [Mr. Letcher,] that there was
a " grinding of the faces of the poor" in this
transaction. Why, I hold that immense benefit
results from purchasing the claims of parties
whose necessities require them to sell. So far
from " grinding the faces of the poor"—an as-
sumption wholly unwarranted, it seems to me—
it maybe that, by such transactions, the immediate
creditor has been saved, perhaps, from absolute
want and ruin.
Now, then, gentlemen of the committee, I say
that we ought not—lawyers as many of us are,
and seeking to dispense justice between the par-
ties interested in this long delayed settlement—
we ought not to interfere with the rights of the
parties; and say to the man, who fifty years ago,
advanced his money on the faith of the Govern-
ment, that he shall be cut down to what my col-
league calls the "little pittance," but what was
the actual consideration paid for the transfer.
For these reasons, and looking at the subject in
what I deem an elevated light, 1 think the proviso
ought to be stricken out; and I think that is.the
necessary consequence of the action of the com-
mittee in refusing to agree to the amendment of
my colleague. With these remarks, I submit the
question to the consideration of the committee.
Mr. CRAIGE. I am somewhat surprised at
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Smith.] I have always believed
before, that he was one of those who legislated for
the many, and not for the few; that he was one of
those who legislated for those who but seldom de-
rive any bounty from this Government, and who
only ask the Government to. let them alone. But
in this instance, it seems to me, that, so far'from
legislating for those who ought to receive the
bounty and the benefits of this Government, he is
legislating for a class of land-sharks and pirates that
ought never to receive the countenance of this, or
any other Government. I know not whether it be
so or not, but I havo heard it stated in this Mouse,
and elsewhere, that many of these claims have
been hawked and peddled about the country for
years, commanding not even a bid from any man
of sans mind, until, at length, some land-shark or
pirate, who desired to piller the public Treasury
of the country, bought claims amounting to ten,
fifteen, and twenty thousand dollars, for three,
four, five, or, perhaps, ten dollars, or anything less
that would enable the claimants to live ti!! another
day.
Mr. SMITH, o-f Virginia. I desire to ask the
gentleman if he knows of a single case of the kind,
and if it is right, in legislation, to refer to that
common bawd—rumor ?
Mr. CRAIGE. I know of no such case my-
self.
Mr. WALSH. 1 will inform the gentleman
from Virginia, if the gentleman from North Caro-
lina wil! permit me, that if he does not know any
such case, I do.
[Lou'd cries of "Name it!"]
Mr. WALSH. AndrewFisher, of New York,
sold his claim for three per cent., to a Wall street
broker, and it is not the only case.
Mr. CRAIGE. I am very much indebted to
the gentleman from New York for the inform-
ation, and am very sure that that is not the only
case. But, what has been the legislation of Con-
gress so long as those who claimed to have been
injured by the Government were the only claim-
ants ? For n early twenty years they were seeking
redress here; but the committees never reported
in their favor until assignees got control of it, who
managed to get a select committee appointed from
among the friends of the measure; and since that
time it has not only been recommended by differ-
ent committees, but it has also passed one or other
of the two Houses of Congress at different ses-
sions.
Now, why is this? What is the secret of it ?
I wish the gentleman himself would answer that.
Is it that the Original claimants were not able
to substantiate their claims ? or that they ought
not to have been paid that which they seek now
to recover? or that they did not understand those
appliances, which other persons understand;
which these land-sharks and land-pirates un-
derstand in all Governments; which are under
stood and practised by those stock-jobbers in this
country, who are becoming the great corrupting
element of the nation, as they have become in
England, and almost all other countries? These
persons do understand the appliances to be used;
and since they have got the assignments of these
claims into their hands, they have besieged the
halls of legislation, and succeeded in having this
bill passed, by one or other House, from time to
time. I will not say that they have succeeded by
any direct appeals to particular individuals, but
they have resorted to all sorts of means and meas-
ures for the purpose of procuring the passage of
this bill; and if it does pass, it will be, not for the
ben'efit of those who have really suffered from the
injuries committed upon their commerce previous
to 1800, but for the benefit of those whose prin-
cipal support consist in their happy speculations
on the misfortunes of others. Therefore, Mr.
Chairman, I hope that the amendment will not
be adopted. I hope that we are not to be called
upon here to legislate for the benefit of those who
live by speculating on the misfortunes of others.
I hope that, in our action, we will legislate for the
whole country, instead of legislating for the ben-
efit of a few privileged classes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PECItHAM. Is it in order, Mr. Chair-
man, to offer an amendment to the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is.
The Chair understands that we are treating this
substitute as in the nature of an original bill, and
are proceeding by way of amending it by sections.
The Chair is, therefore, inclined to think that it
is in order to move to amend the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I think the
Chair misunderstands theactionofthecommittee.
Mr. HOUSTON. The matter which we have
been discussing, is itself an amendment to an
amendment; and if the Chair extends it further,
there will be no end to these assignments. The
proper way, I suppose, would be to treat the sub-
stitute before the committee as an amendment,
which it really is. It is an amendment, and the
proposition to amend that is an amendment to an
amendment; and that is as far as the Chair can
administer that rule.
Mr. WASHBURN. It was so understood by
J the House.
I Mr. DISNEY. I do not think it at all materia!,
j Mr. Chairman, whether the suggestion of the
i gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] be
1 entertained or not; because, admitting that the
| substitute—as in truth it legally is—is an amend-
i ment, then the proposition of the gentleman from
j Virginia, [Mr. Smith,]—to wit: to strike out cer-
! tain words contained in that substitute—is an
j amendment to an amendment; and, therefore, it
' being an amendment in the second degree, it
1 would be contrary to parliamentary law to re-
i reive the amendment of the gentleman from New
I York, [Mr. Perkins,] which is, not to amend that
| offered by the gentleman from Virginia, but to
I amend the original amendment, to wit;, to amend
! the words proposed to be stricken out previous to
1 the question on striking out being taken.
! The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remark
| that it did not understand what proposition the
| gentleman from New Yoik intended to submit;
but it considers an amendment to the amendment
in order.
Mr. PECKHAM. I propose to amend the
words which are proposed to be stricken out, by
adding, at the end of tha section, the following
proviso:
Provided, The sum do not exceed the amount to which
he would be entitled if sach assignee wee the original
holder.
The original section, Mr. Chairman, provides
that, in all cases of transfer or assignment, except
gifts or-donations, no assignee shall be entitled to
receive an amount beyond the consideration paid,
and interest thereon. Now, it may be possible
that the true construction of this section, as it now
stands, is, that a person will not be benefited by
being an assignee more than if he were an original
claimant; or, perhaps, the true construction may
be that he would be entitled to receive beyond the
amount he could get if he were an original holder.
But, certainly, the matter, as the section now
stands, is left somewhat in doubt. If the con-
struction be given to the proviso affirmatively,
then there might be instances in which the assignee,
receiving the consideration he had given, and in-
terest thereon, would get much more than the
original holder would have gotten. And if that
be so, then certainly the possibility of such a con-
struction being given ought to be guarded against.
This proviso which I have submitted so qualifies
it, that-in no event can the assignee get more than
the original claimant would have been entitled to
get under this bill. I myself am inclined to think
that the section is loosely drawn in this respect-
that it affords but little protection against exorbi-
tant demands on the part of assignees. ' Besides,
it does not propose to say at what time assign-
ments must have been made, so as to bring them
within the meaning of the act. For instance,
after this bill shall have' passed, a holder might
assign his claim to another for much more than
he paid himself, and that new assignee would be
entitled to receive a pro rata on the amount he had
advanced; so that in the case where a man may
have paid three per cent, for an assignment of a
claim, he may sell it at fifty per cent., and then,
under the terms of this bill, this last assignee comes
in for the amount he had paid. Therefore, it does
seem to me, that it is-rather loosely drawn in that
respect; still I do not propose to amend that por-
tion of it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am against the
whole bill; but really it does seem to me that this
proviso to the first section is intended to, and must,
of inevitable necessity, completely protect the
rights of the original claimants—of those who
have suffered from spoliations themselves, or their
ancestors. What is the provision ? It is, that in
all cases of transfer or assignment, no claimant is
entitled to receive an amount beyond the consid-
eration paid, and interest thereon. Now, sir, it
does not provide that the assignee shall receive
the consideration paid, and the interest at six per
cent., but it becomes the duty of the commis-
sioners under the bill to receive all the claims, and
adjudicate the original amount to be paid on
each. Your bill provides for an appropriation
of $5,000,000 to be disbursed pro ratar among
the legal claims thus ascertained by the board.
Suppose they should find the aggregate to be
$10,000,000, then they diminish the claim fifty
cents in the dollar. But here is a claim which
some assignee has presented—his original claim
was $50,000, and he would receive in that case,
$25,000. Suppose that some other claimant should
come up and say that $25,000 which he would
receive under this award is much more than the
consideration paid and the interest due, then of
course it would have to be scaled down to an
amount not exceeding the consideration he paid
fortheclaim, with the interest due. This, sir, I
think, is the clear and inevitable construction of
this proviso, and is, indeed, an effectual means
of protecting those in whose hands the original
claims are.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
adoption of the amendment of the gentleman from
New York to the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment to the amendment was adopted,
Mr. LETCHER. It seems that my colleague
[Mr. Eayi.y] and myself cannot understand each
other in the mode of calculation; and } wish to
amend the bill in such a way that the commission-
ers who have charge of these claims will be able
to understand how to make the distribution when
the claims come before them. 1 propose to amend
