1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
the proviso by inserting, after the word " receive,"
the words, "a dividend upon," so that it will
read:
J3ni provided, also, That, in all cases of transfer or as-
signment, except gifts or donations, no assignee shall be
enliUed to receive a dividend upon an amount beyond the
consideration paid and interest thereon.
I do not exactly understand how it is, that my
colleague [Mr. Bayly] over the way, arrives at the
conclusion he does from the premises which he
lays down. I think I can satisfy him that he is
altogether wrong, and that the only way in the
world by which you can get at this thing, and do
justice to the different parties interested, is to
adopt some such amendment as I have indicated
before. Let me give an illustration, which will
show the necessity for the adoption of such an
amendment as I have suggested. Suppose my
colleague held one of these claims, and 1 had paid
to him twenty-five cents on the dollar for it, and
that on this claim interest had been running for
upwards of fifty years: in sixteen and two thirds
years my capital would be doubled upon that out-
lay, and in three times that period of sixteen and
two third years, at six per cent, interest, I would
have the original amount of the claim, as it was
in his hands prior to the transfer to me at twenty-
five cents on the dollar. Is not that clear? A
party who holds a claim as a gift, and who trans-
mits it to his wife or child, never disposes of it at
all, and that party comes in under your bill, and
files a claim before the commissioners for the full
dollar. You give him no interest, but I, who paid
twenty-five cents, by the addition of the interest
provided for m this section of the bill, have run
up my amount to the full dollar. In other words,
I paid twenty-five cents, and receive fifteen cents
more than I paid; but the individual who holds a
claim, and gives it to his child, receives nothing
but the original amount, unaccumulatcd by inter-
est or anything else to raise it.
This bill speaks of a pro rata distribution, but
how is it proposed to be made? In the first place
the speculator is to be exempted from it. He is
to have his capital and interest upon it, until that
capital and interest will run up to the amount of the
oiigmal debt, and then he comes in 'for a jii'o rata
distribution, not on the twenty-five cents upon the
dollar, but on the one dollar. By the amendment
which 1 propose, 1 provide that this whole matter
shall be brought into hotch-potch; that all the
parties shall beconvened before the commissioners;
that their debts shall be ascertained whether they
have been acquired by speculation, or otherwise;
that the capital of each and every one shall be
fixed and ascertained by the commission; and
upon that capital I propose that a distiibution
shall be made.. I propose, then, in making this
■ distribution, that a dividend shall be piovided for
upon that principle.
A word or two as to another matter. My col-
league over the way [Mr. Bayi.y] seems to regret
that I undertook to speak of this matter as a mat-
ter of speculation. History characterizes it as a
speculation, and the very course taken by the
holders of these claims shows whether the passage
of this measure is a speculation or not. The
original holders of these claims slumber in their
graves. Are they here in this House? are their
widows and orphans heie'
[Ones of " Yes!" "Yes!" "Yes!'']
The men who are here, clamoring for the pas-
sage of the bill, are the men who have chiseled
the widows and orphans out of their claims, at a
ruinous sacrifice. It is a bill for the benefit of
these parties  
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLISS. It is impossible, however near
you riiay approach to it, with all the wisdom of
the world, to make a wrong thing right. It is
impossible, I perceive here, after listening to the
wise gentlemen who have discussed this matter,
to adopt any other rule than the ordinary rule of
law and business, in order to adjust this matter
safely and properly. By the laws of our country,
a man may assign a chose in action, and the
assignee m courts of justice is admitted to the
rights of the assignor to collect. It is said that,
many years ago, the individuals who held these
claims, failing to get the justice they sought at the
hands of Congress, made an assignment of their
claims. Now, suppose these claims were negoti-
ated thirty years ago at thirty per cent. I ask
you if it was not better for the poor men, the
holders of these claims, thirty years ago, to collect
thirty per cent, upon them, and apply the money
they received for the support of their families,
and to defray their personal expenses, than to
wait thirty years and get tiie full amount of their
claims ? It might have bsen then an act of abso-
lute benevolence upon the part of any assignee to
one of these claims, to have taken it at an amount
much less than its full face. But we are legis-
lating upon a supposition that so much was due,
and as we do not know all the circumstances sur-
rounding the transfer of these claims, it is wrong
for us to assume that such transfers were specu-
lative and fraudulent, and amounted, as has been
said, to grinding the faces of the poor, and then
for us to say that, although the Government abso-
lutely owes this amount, it shall be paid only in
part, because the purchasers come knocking at
the doors of Congress.
Mr. CRAIGE, (interrupting.) Do I under-
stand the gentleman as saying that I acknowledged
that the real claimants have knocked at the doors
of Congress, and been refused admission?
M r. BLISS. I was not replying to any remark
of the gentleman.
Mr. CRAIGE. I never acknowledged the jus-
tice of the claims at all.
Mr. BLISS. 1 say that we have no more right
to discriminate between the holders of these
claims than we have to discriminate between the
payee and assignee of an obligation in law. We
should dispose of all these claims upon the same
principle, certainly, until some evidence shall be
given of extrinsic circumstances, that show the
assignees to be less meritorious than the original
holders, and then there will be no need of discuss-
ing the question of interest, and contemplating
the possibility of the assignees who purchased
claims for a sum less than their face, getting more
at the hands of the Government than the original
claimants, for they get just what they ought to
get, and just what is due, and the Government
pays just what it ought to pay, and what it owes,
and 1 may well say again, that in all probability,
the necessitous holders of these claims have abso-
lutely derived pecuniary advantage to themselves
from the p jwer they had to negotiate them, many
years ago, for a less sum of money than was
apparent on thetr face.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Letch-
er's amendment; ami it was not agreed to.
The question recmrmg upon the amendment of
Mr. San in, of Virginia, it was put; and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. PARKER. 1 have an amendment to oiler
to the first section, and will send it to the Clerk's
desk.
The amendment was reported,-asfollows:
Ftrike out Ihe whole of the third line and to til'1 end of the
word "dollais" in Hie fuurlh line, and in-ett ihe following:
'Pti.it in full satisiaetioii of the claims in mis section con-
templated, the sum of or so much thereof as
may he required, shall be paid as liereinaftt-r provided.
The words proposed to be stricken out by the
amendment are as follows:
"That satisfaction sh.ill be made as hereinafter pro-
vided, to an umounl not exceeding $o,000,uuu.'> '
Mr. PARKER. 1 am a friend to this hill, have '
oil along intended to vote for it, and still intend i
to do so, if 1 can have it amended in a few particu- j
lars. I am anxious to have it so changed as to ,
leave upon its face no color to the idea that we are j
not paying every farthing that is due, in order to
avoid difficulties hereafter in regard to this class of
claims. It will be noticed by the chairman of the
committee which reported this bill, [Mr. Bayly,]
if he will examine the amendment I propose, that
it covers the whole case of the giving compensa-
tion to those claimants whom he has contemplated,
and, I trust, as he contemplates; but it has this
additional feature in it: In the third and fourth
lines which I propose to strike out, and also in
other places, the committee will observe that there
is contained an implication that we are paying only
a port of the amount to which we consider those
claimants are really entitled. Now, I am not
willing to go for this bill upon any such supposi-
tion as that. If this be an honest debt, we ought
to pay it to the uttermost farthing. But if it be
not honest, we ought to discountenance it alto-
gether. There is no gentleman upon this floor
who would not feelhimself dishonored, if he were
able to pay a just debt against himself, when the
debt was presented to him, if he did not pay the
whole amount, Instead of forcing upon his cred-
itor a part for the whole. Now, my amendment
contemplates the idea that thisis the whole amount;
that it does not simply give the amount of five mil-
lions of dollars, but the full amount of the just
claim.
It has been frequently stated during this discus-
sion, and especially by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] that one great objection
which he had to this bill was, that it was conceded
that these claims amounted to a much larger sum
than that. I know it is so stated; but these claims all
stand in the nature of unliquidated damages, and
this House is called upon, as a jury, to ascertain
what is the real amount of those damages. I am
willing to call it $5,000,000, and say that it shall
stand at that, and shall, in no case, now or here-
after, be deemed more than that.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I would say to the gentle-
man that his amendment covers, in part, the
amendment I proposed to offer to the original bill;
and I suggest to the gentleman, with the view of
accomplishing all by one amendment, that he
should add to his amendment the words, " in full
of all claims, whether presented or not."
Mr. PARKER. I would say to the gentleman
that I have an amendment in my drawer, pre-
pared several days ago, which meets all that is
not fully provided for in the bill on that point pre-
cisely, but the proper place for introducing it is
in the eleventh section of the bill, where it is pro-
vided that " the $5,000,000 shall be in full dis-
charge of all claims for compensation for the class
of cases provided for in this act, and that the pre-
sentation of any claim or memorial to'Hhe com-
missioners for adjudication, under this act, shall
be taken to be a release and discharge of the
United States from all other and future compensa-
tion that he, she, or they, may be entitled to
receive under the provisions of this act." Now,
I propose to make clean work of this matter—
close it out forever, so far as is possible, for this
Congress. Hence, should we ever reach "the
eleventh section, I would add to that this proviso:
Provided, That in case any holder 6f any claim contem-
plated by this act, shall fail, for any cause, to present the
same lor adjudication and adjustment, as herein provided,
such claim '-hall forever after be deemed and taken as alto-
gether invalid, in whose hands soever the same may be.
I wish to observe, further, before my time ex-
pires, that I deem it important to say to these
claimants everywhere, and to express the idea
everywhere, upon the face of this bill, that we
hereby pay these claims to the full extent of our
liability. The object of my amendment is to
accomplish that end.
The committee will notice that the first sectiyn
of this bill, in the third and fourth lines, reads thus:
" That satisfaction shall be made as hereinafter
provided, to an amovnl not exceeding #5,000,000,"
tfce. In other words, " that to that extent, we
will make satisfaction," which of itself is a strong
implication that there is still another amount be-
hind which we are not going to pay. My amend-
ment precludes that idea. It proceeds upon the
supposition that we pay the whole amount, and,
indeed, upon the supposition that the amount pro-
vided may not be needed, as only so much of the
§5,000,000 is to be paid as may be required.
It was stated yesterday, in debate upon this bill—
and such is, also, th" documentary proof— that the
Government of the United States, at one time, pro-
posed to take of France the sum of $2,000,000
m full satisfaction of these claims for spoliation.
That was a long time ago, and the interest has
now amounted to quite as much as we now pro-
pose to give. There are those upon this floor who
insist that, originally, these claims amounted to
ten or twelve millions of dollars. Now, I want
thjs House to pass upon it in such form as to say
we are willing to pay $5,000,000, and no more,
deeming that the full and fair amount of the
damages. Thus we shall do something, I hope,
to get rid of all difficulty hereafter.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I am really sur-
prised at the course this debate has taken, in some
respects. I understand the rule of construing a
statute to be, to take the whole statute together
into consideration. I have no objection to the
amendment of my friend from _New_ York near
me, [Mr. Peckham,] but I believe it is wholly
unnecessary. 1 think the argument of my friend
from Tennessee upon that subject was conclusive.
The biU provides, after the ascertaiament of th«
