1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
423
Mr. PRINGLE. Yes, sir. I object to it.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House do now ad-
journ.
Mr. EDGERTON. I ask the gentleman from
South Carolina to withdraw that motion for a
moment, to enable me to withdraw a motion tore-
consider which I submitted to-day.
Mr. ORR. Certainly. I withdraw the motion.
Mr.-EDGERTON. Then, sir,I withdraw the
motion which. I made this morning to reconsider
the vote by which the bill for the relief of Belden
& Co. was rejected.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I rise for the
purpose of asking the same privilege in regard to a
motion which I submitted yesterday, under a mis-
apprehension; a motion to reconsider the vote by
"which the board of claims bill from the Senate
was referred to the Committee of Claims. I wish
to withdraw the motion.
The SPEAKER. When did the gentleman
submit the motion ?
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Yesterday.
The SPEAKER. When was the bill referred ?
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. The day before
yesterday.
The SPEAKER. Then it requires the unani-
mous consent of the House to withdraw the
motion.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Well, sir, I
ask the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The motion to
reconsider was made yesterday, and the gentle-
man can withdraw it to-day, because it could have
been made to-day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mistaken.
The vote which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
moved to reconsider was taken the day before yes-
terday. Is there objection to the withdrawal of
the motion to reconsider?
No objection was made, and Mr. Jones accord-
ingly withdrew the motion.
Mr. ORR. ^understand that the objection is
withdrawn to the printing of the substitute for the
French spoliation bill, and I hope the order to
print will now be made.
Mr. PRINGLE. I made the objection and I
withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. Is there any further objec-
tion ?
Mr. WALSH. Before answering, 1 will ask
 f the gentleman from South Carolina knows that
the bill wiU be printed by to-morrow morning, if
the order is made ?
Mr- ORR. 1 suppose it will.
Mr. WALSH. If it is, it will be printed a
treat deal faster than any printing that has ever
een done for this Houee.
No objection being made, the substitute was
then ordered to be printed;
Mr. OUR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. BAYLY. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
[Loud cries of " Oh, no!" and " Withd raw it.'']
Mr. BAYLY. Well, I will withdraw the call
for the present, and call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Boyck and
Lyon were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 75, noes 60.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at four o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned till
* to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 27,1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER" laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary ot the Treasury, submitting
an estimate to give effect to the law for the better
preservation of life and property from vessels
shipwrecked on the coasts of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
DREDGE IN THE HARBOR AT OSWEGO.
Mr. GOODWIN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given; which was read a first and second time by
its title, as follows, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce:
Bill providing for the working of the United
States steam-dredge boat in the harbor of Oswego,
on Lake Ontario, State of New York.
APPLICATION OF THE TREATY OF 1795.
Mr. KERR. " I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer a resolution, which will be
read for information :
Resolved, That the President J>e requested to inform this
House, if not incompatible with the public interests,
whether, in any correspondence between the Minister ot'
the United States at Madrid, and the Spanish Government,
or otherwise, it is insisted by the latter that the treaty of
1795, between Spain and the United States, is not applicable
to the Spanish colonies, and that American citizens re-
siding ill said colonies are not cntiUed to the benefit of the
provisions of said treaty.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move that that
resolution be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. KERR. I would ask my friend from
Virginia why the resolution which I have intro-
duced should be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs?
Mr. BAYLY. Because it is " the tomb of the
Capulets." [Laughter.]
Mr. KERR. 1 thought it right, Mr. Speaker,
to offer the resolution, and I hope it will not be
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 'I
think it is important that we should have the in-
formation sought. I have introduced the resolu-
tion at the suggestion of a distinguished citizen,
who has represented this nation abroad, and who
thinks that it is a matter of very great importance
that the information sought should be laid before
the country. 1 presume it is known to every gen-
tleman m this House, that the Spanish Govern-
ment does insist that the treaty of 1795 is not
applicable to the colonies. Spain is in the habit
now of denying to the American citizens residing
in the Island of Cuba the right to use her courts
of justice for the purpose of collecting their debts,
which right has been stipulated for in the treaty
of 1795. She denies the protection which, by the
provisions of that treaty, she guarantied to our
citizens, restricting it to the limits of Spain alone,
and, therefore, 1 think it of vast importance to the
proper understanding of the relations between this
country and Spain, that we should be informed,
and correctly informed, of the position which that
Government occupies now in relation to the con-
struction of the treaty of 1795.
Mr. PECKIIAM, (to Mr. Kerr.) Move the
previous question.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of disposing
of the French spoliation bill.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Kerr]
as yielding'the floor entirely, or merely for a
motion ?
Mr. KERR. I yield the floor entirely. I have
finished all that I desired to state in reference to my
resolution.
Mr. BAYLY. Then I move that the House
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
COLT'S PATENT.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. 1 am desirous, this morning, of calling up
the report of the special committee, of which I am
chairman, which was charged with the investiga-
tion of certain matters connected with Colt's patent,
and other things.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
question of order. It is this: that it is not in order
for the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher]
to call up a question of privilege pending the
motion of his colleague [Mr. Bayly] to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the resolution introduced by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Kerr,] having been received
by unanimous consent, should be first disposed of.
Mr. KERR. Well, then, if it be in order, I
move the..previous question on the adoption of the
resolution.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.'
The question was first puion the motion to refer
the resolution to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs; arid it was not agreed to.
The resolution was then adopted.
BELDEN AND COMPANY.
Mr. STEVENS, ofMichigan. I rise to-a privi-
leged question. 1 move to reconsider the vote by
which House bill No. 651 was rejected. I voted
against the bill.
Several Members. What bill is it?
' Mr. STEVENS. The bill for the relief of
Belden & Co.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. LETCHER. I have a question of privi-
lege pending before the House.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider,
made by the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Stevens,] will be entered, and called up when it
comes in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I submit that that is not
in order.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot take pre-
cedence of the motion to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and assuredly
not of the motion of the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Letcher,] which is one of equal privilege.
In the opinion of the Chair, it is competent for the
House, although it may be engaged in considering
a matter of privilege, by a vote of the House to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and the Chair will put that proposi-
tion first.
Mr. LETCHER. That will depend upon
whether the gentleman gets the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. HAMILTON. I think the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Stevens] was laboring under
a misapprehension when he stated that he had
voted with the majority against the bill in ques-
tion.
Mr. LETCHER. Am I not entitled to the
floor, Mr. Speaker? ,
The SPEAKER. A question of order arises
between the gentleman from Maryland [M r. Ham-
ilton] and the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Stevens,] in respect to the vote of the latter, and,
consequently, as to his right to make the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like the Clerk to
read the list of yeas and nays, to show how the
gentleman from Michigan voted.
The SPEAKER. It does not appear that the
gentleman from Michigan voted on the passage
of the bill at all; and, his name not being in the
yeas and nays, he has no right to move to recon-
sider.
Mr. WHEELER. If I should make the mo-
tion which the gentleman from Michigan has just
made, as I have voted to lay the bill on the table,
would that motion take precedence of the motion
to go into the Committee .of the Whole on the
state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It is not the vote to lay the
bill on the table which the gentleman from Michi-
gan proposed to reconsider; it is the vote on re-
jecting the bill.
Mr. WHEELER. Then I move to reconsider
the vote; and on that I call the previous question.
The SPEAKER. At this stage of the proceed-
ings the motion of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wheeler] can only be entered; but it can-
not take precedence of the two pending questions.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
cannot get the floor to make that motion. The
motion to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union will take precedence.
Mr. EDGERTON. Then I rise to aprivileged
question. I move that the House do now resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. BAYLY. Arid if that motion be voted
down, then my motion comes up to go into the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union,
and take up the French spoliation bill.
The SPEAKER. Yes.
The question was taken on Mr. Edoerton's
motion; and it was not agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bayly's
motion; and it was agreed to.
