426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
estopped from ever-prosecuting their claims here-
after. This is all I desire to say upon the subject.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. Before the gentle-
man yields the floor, I desire to ask him one ques-
tion. The gentleman states that these claimants
have come forward and asked Congress to give
them this amount, and they will be satisfied. Has
the evidence of that application been published, so
that gentlemen who have doubts upon the subject
may examine for themselves?
Mr. LETCHER. That is right, let us have
the evidence.
Mr. WASHBURN. I will say, that such is
the general understanding. I have never heard
any individual-' 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HIBBARD. I am opposed tp the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maine, and hope it
will not be adopted. As I said before, 1 think that
nothing is due upon these claims, and, of course,
that nothing should be paid. The reasons for that
opinion I shall not take up time now to explain.
They have been already stated by other gentle-
men. But 1 think if we are to pay anything we
should pay what is honestly due upon the princi-
ples assumed by the bill, and what the majority,
whose votes will carry the measure, must believe
to be the amount, if they believe that anything is
due.
By granting $5,000,000 for this purpose, we
admit the justice of these claims. Their validity
being established, the principle on which they rest
being settled, the holdeis will, of course, c,ome for-
ward for the residue, which should be paid by
the same rule that dictated the payment of the
original sum. That residue is conceded to be
large. The gentleman from Massachusetts, across
the way, [Mr. Appleton,] as I understood him,
stated the amount to be $12,000,000. My impres-
sion is, that it has been estimated to be more by
well-informed friends of the bill; and that the whole
sum, with interest, would be over$30,000,000, and,
perhaps, $50,000,000- This bill, if passed, will be
a precedent—the entering wedge for abstracting
thia amount from the Treasury. Does any gentle-
man suppose that these claimants can be precluded,
by anything we do here, from hereafter presenting
their claims, or the Government from allowing
them? No, sir, they will present their claims;
and, upon the principle recognized by the enact-
ment of this bill, they must be granted. Let no
gentleman deceive himself by supposing that this
will be the end of the matter. Sir, it will be but
the beginning of the end. I have seen too much
of final settlements of this nature not to foiesce
the final consequences.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] has
said that his purpose is not, and that lus action
will not he hereafter, to a«k for anything more.
Such, no doubt, will be his course, because he
sayn it. But how will it be with other friends of
the measure^ Will they or do fhey intend to he
precluded from favoring a reopening of the matter
hereafter. By no means, <ur. They will come
again upon the Treasury with new demands, for-
tified by the action now proposed. This opinion
I expressed at the commencement of the discus-
sion, and it is verified by what has occurred here
to-day. The gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Keiui,] an intelligent friend of the bill, who knows
its nature and what its results will be, has just
avowed that the passage of the bill will be* no
estoppel for the future; that the claimants can,
and will, come here for the residue. He said his
object in voting for the measure was to get as
much as he could now, and the balance hereafter.
The frankness of this avowal does credit to the
gentleman's candor, and I call the attention of the ,
committee to it. Tt discloses the true intent, and 1
the undoubted effect of this bill, if itshould become
a law.
Mr. WHEELER. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from New Hampshire is not speak-
ing to his amendment.
Mr. HIBBARD. I have offered no amend-
ment.
Mr. WHEELER. Well, the gentleman is not
speaking in opposition to the pendingamendment
Mr. HIBBARD. I am (speaking in opposition
to the amendment of the gentleman from Maine,
and I am speaking, as i conceive, directly to the
point. I hope my time will not be taken up by
interruptions.
If this bill passes, and we admit that $5,000,000
is due, it will hereafter be established that, in prin-
cipal and interest, from thirty to fifty millions are
due by the same rule.
I am far from admitting the justice of any claim
for interest in case the allowance of principal were
just; but I have no dou.bt the claim will be made,
and fear it wiil be recognized.
I repeat that I think nothing is due. The ori-
ginal nature of theclaim was, at least, questionable.
If anything was ever due, the obligation was dis-
solved by the state of war which actually existed
with France. And if it be true, as alleged, that
the Government afterwards conducted so as to
become liable to these creditors, the true measure
of liability would be, not what value the Govern-
ment might have got for a relinquishment of the
claims, but what they were actually worth at the
time they were taken. If, as I believe, they were
worth nothing, the Government should pay noth-
ing-. But if gentlemen are ready to pay $5,000,000,
why not the whole amount? Let us meet the
question fairly and boldly, and not, by indirection,
prepare the way for an expenditure we dare not
authorize directly.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. I propose to re-
duce the appropriation to ,000,000. Mr. Chair-
man, I have not been able to satisfy my mind that
the appropriation ofany sum for these claims would
be proper, and for that reason I should like to see
this bill guarded by a provision which will effec-
tually cut off all future applications and appropria-
tions, so that this may not have the appearance of a
mere installment upon the claims. It has been as-
serted throughout this discussion, by almost every
member who engaged in it, that if this Government
is liable at all, it is for an amount at least double
the sum appropriated by this bill. If this view of
the case be correct, 1 can well understand the force
of the remarks of my friend from South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr,] in his lirst speech upon this subject,
and of the remarks of my colleague [Mr. Barry]
on the same subject. They seemed to experience
a feeling of embarrassment, in which 1, and doubt-
less others, shared, at the outset—an embarrass-
ment occasioned by the provisions of a bill which
presents the singular anomaly of a bill with no right
side to it. The sum appropriated seemed to them
too large for the Treasury, and too small for the
claimants—too large as an appropriation, and too
small asa payment—like Fanny Blister's dress, too
short for the gallery, and too long for the pit. But,
sir, I have come to the conclusion that there is no
wrong m cutting down the claims to $5,000,000,
whatever may be the amount insisted on by the
claimants.
This Government is in no wise bound to re-
spond to all the losses occasioned to our citizens
by illegal captures by the French Government.
If bound at all,it is onlyto theextentof what this
Government might have been able to obtain from
the French Government by a continuance of ne-
gotiations; and what that amounts to it is impos-
sible to determine. It is asserted that France had
admitted her liability for these claims. This is a
very loose and very inaccurate assertion. To
what extent did France admit her liability ? For
what particular claims did she admit herself to be j
liable ? Is it at all certain, sir, that any one of the !
claims which may be presented to the commis-!
sioners, under the provisions of this bill, will be '
a claim which France intended to acknowledge, I
and which this Government might have secured |
by a continuance of negotiations? It is by no;
means certain. I attach but little consequence to .
the guarantee which France, before the conven- I
tion of 1800, declared would not be insisted on. !
The value of the release of a guaranty which
France had, through her authorized diplomatic
agents, abandoned, did not amount to a sixpence.
It, therefore, furnishes no criterion of the amount
which we ought to pay. Then, sir, as neither
the actual amount of losses sustained by individ-
uals, nor the value of the release of the guarantee
furnishes a basis for the adjustment of these '<
claims, it is competent and right for this Govern-
ment to fix the amount of the indemnity at one
million, or five millions, or ten millions, according 1
to its own estimate of what it ought to pay Gen-
tlemen persist in characterizing these claims as a
debt due by the Government, and fix its amount
at the nominal sums claimed of the Government.
It is not a debt, and the nominal amount of the
claims is not the measure of what the Govern-
ment ought to pay.
Mr. LYON Mr. Chairman, I shall oppose any
reduction of the amount claimed by the claimants
under this bill. They are willing to take the
f5,0_00,000. I understand, from good authority,
that the evidence of a majority of these claims is
on file at the office of foreign affairs, in the city of
Paris; and that all the evidence in connection with
them is to be found there; that they were not only
recognized by the French Government, but also
that the entire amount was but $7,267,000. I
make this statement with due deference to the
different conclusion come at by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Appleton,] who has,
probably, investigated this subject, but I have it
from high authority.
Now, one word in reference to this miserable
picayune system of grinding dawn the faces of
these people, not only to $5,000,000, but to
$1,000,000. The mode of argumentation is very
extraordinary. One gentleman—the gentleman
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard]—says that
the amount proposed in this bill is not enough;
and he swells up the amount of the claims to
$35,000,000. Another gentleman says that these
claims have been sold for three, four, and five
per cent.; and the pious horror and patriotic
devotion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Walsh] is waked up at the thought that one of
his friends sold his for three per cent. [Laughter.]
Another gentleman says that there are " land
sharks" and " land pirates^" Why, sir, I honor
the man who would come to the poor beggar who
had a claim, and say, " I will give you three per
cent. on your claim to get you out of the poor-
house, and to enable you to buy a crust of bread
Many of those men, sir, are now in their graves,
and their descendants now living are poor and
penniless; they have a just and honest claim to
compensation, and they are willing to commute
for #5,000,000.
Mr. WALSH. If my friend will permit me,
I will say that it would be a very great blessing
to the country if tho3e who bought their claims
had followed, and far greater if they had preceded,
them to the grave. [Laughter.]
Mr. LYON. De gustibus noil disputandum.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WALSH. Will the gentleman translate
that? [Renewed laughter.] 1 am not classical
enough to understand it.
Mr. LYON. The simple meaningof it is, that
" I will not differ with the gentleman from New
York." [Laughter.]
Mr. WALSH. I dispute the translation.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LYON. The discussion reminds me very
much of the lady who met a beggar in the street.
The beggar simply asked for a penny. "Ah,
no," said she; "when 1 can give you a double
eagle lifter my income increases, I shall be very
happy to do so, which will probably be in a year or
two." Meantime the beggar perishes with hun-
ger. These claimants are to be turned off, and
to be refused the penny which is necessary for
presentconsumption; and the gentlemen who have
been kind enough to purchase and make advances
upon these claims are to be treated in the same
way. The very fact that they were wojth but
three percent, shows that they had been below
I par, and that only those above want had been able
to hold on to them till the present day. Tins
subject has been illumined by the light of the in-
tellects of Jefferson, Jay, Livingston, and Web-
; Ster: and I fervently hope that, at this late day,
j our Republic will not prove herself ungrateful of
the sacrifices of its citizens.
JHere the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Harris's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mi. WARREN. I move, Mr. Chairman, to
strikeout the enacting clause of the bill, and I do
it, not for the purpose of indicating how I shall
vote  °
Mr. CLTNGMANj (interrupting.) Will the
gentleman, before he makes that motion, allow me
fo-ndupan amendment to this section of the
billy which I think important. I do not think there
Will be much difference of opiniori about it, and I
hope the gentleman will hear it read.
c ' I will state to the gentleman
irom North Carolina, that I would withdraw the
motion for his benefit as readily as for any other
