428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to amend by in- I
Eerting the following words: I
Be It enacted by the Senate and Ilouge of Represent- j
stives of the Oniteri States, in Congress assembled. j
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairrulesthe amend-
ment out of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. From thatdecision I appeal,
as I have certainly a right to move to amend.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the point
of order made by the gentleman from Ohio against
him, and he will state his reasons therefor, so that
the committee may understand the question.
A motion is made by the gentleman from Ar-
kansas [Mr. Warren] to strike out the enacting |
clause of the bill. The gentleman from Ohio i
[Mr. Campbell] moves to amend the motion by !
inserting the words indicated by him a few mo-
ments since.
The Chair rules the amendment out of order,
upon the ground that the motion pending is not a
motion to amend. The motion pending is made
under the rules, and it is a motion of a peculiar
character, as will be seen by reading the rule:
" A motion to strike out tile enacting words of the bill,
(shall have precedence of :i motion to amend."
The motion, from its very nature, in the opinion
of the Chair, is not amendable, any more than a
motion to adjourn; and the Chair therefore over-
rules the point of order. From that decision an
appeal is taken; and the question now before the
committee is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw the appeal;
and 1 would inquire whether the Chair has decided
the motion to strike out the enacting clai.se to be
in order, and whether any appeal has been taken
from that decisionJ
The CHAIRMAN. No such point of order
has been taken.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I raise the question, then,
■whether it is in order to move to strike out the
enacting clause.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ar-
kansas moves to strike out the enacting clause,
Itnd the gentleman from Ohio raises the question,
that the motion is not in oider. Whatever doubts
the Chair may have had upon that question, the
precedents are such that he does not feel himself
at liberty to disregard them, and he, therefore,
rules the motion of the gentleman from Arkansas
to be in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. From that decision I take
an appeal, and I call for tellers.
Mr. MILLSON. Js the question of appeal
debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not a
debatable one.
Mr. WARREN. I rise to a question of order,
that the gentleman from Ohio is too lata m raising
his question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal having been
entertained, it is now too late to raise another
question of order. The question now is, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the committee?"
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded tellers, which
were ordered; and Messrs. Wklkler and Inger-
soll were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
•—ayes 9(>, noes 31.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. ORR. I move that the committee rise.
The question was taken; and a division being
had, there were—ayes 37, noes 86.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask for tellers upon the
molion thai the committee rise.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Kejtt were appointed.
The question was put; and decided in the nega-
tive, the tellers having reported—ayes 32, noes §7.
The question recurring upon the motion of Mr.
Warren, to strike out the enacting clause of the
bill,
Mr. LETCHER moved that the committee
proceed to the consideration of the civil and diplo-
matic bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would say to
the gentleman from Virginia, that the committee
having taken up this bill, proceeded with it, and
debate having been closed upon it by order of the
House, it is not in order now to make that mo-
tion.
Mr. LETCHER. X appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia moves that the committee proceed to the
consideration of the civil and diplomatic bill.
The Chair rules the motion out of order, upon the
ground that this bill being under consideration,
and debate having been closed upon it by order of
the House, the committee cannot proceed to any
other business. From that decision appeal is
taken, and the question is, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?"
Mr. McMULLIN. Will my colleague with-
draw his appeal for a moment, to allow me to
submit a motion ?
[Cries of "Order," "Order."]
The CHAIRMAN. There is objection.
The question was put; and the decision of the
Chair was sustained.
•Mr. McMULLIN. I would inquire of the
Chairif it is in order to move to lay aside this bill,
with a view to take up the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
order of the House is conclusive, and requires this
bill to be proceeded with and reported to the
House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is it not in order to take
a vote upon the motion made by the gentleman
from Arkansas?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order, when we
can get to it, but gentlemen have a right to make
other motions in order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Well, I insist upon a vote
upon that motion, and I object to any and every-
thing else not strictly in order.
Mr. SEWARD. I move the committee do now
rise.
Mr. CUTTING. I move to amend the motion
by adding " and report the bill to the House."
Mr. SEWARD. Of course. I accept it.
The question was then taken; and the Chair
deciding that it was lost,
Mr. SEWARD called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. WARREN. From what I have observed
for the last few minutes,! am satisfied that gentle-
men are serious m wanting to amend the bill, and
I therefore withdraw my proposition.
Mr. WHEELER. If the motion is withdrawn,
I renew it.
Mr. BAYLY. I object.
Mr. WALSH. Mr. Chairman.
!! The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman sus-
{i pend until order is restored.
| Mr. WALSH. I will, if it is understood that
> I have Ihe floor.
; The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
i; the rule, requiring a vote to be taken,applies only
| to amendments, and not to a motion of this kind;
|] and, therefore, this motion is withdiawable by
il the mover.
I Mr. WHEELER. Then I renew it.
■ Mr. WALSH. The Chair awarded the floor
, to me, and 1 temporarily gave way; and no gen-
ii tletnan can make a motion while I have the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. I think it is a question
! whether the gentleman from New York or the
j gentleman from Pennsylvania has the floor,
i The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
:! think the gentleman from New York is entitled
i! to the floor. "
; Mr. WALRII. I wish to address a few re-
marks, as a preface to a motion, to the gentlemen
who have voted as I have, during the whole of
thin question. It is this: in my rnind there is an
evident majority of this House in favor of passing
this bill, and we may as well meet the question
now as at any other time. Any further delay is
only a captious opposition. For that reason 1
have refrained from making speeches and motions,
relying upon justifying myself by voting against
this measure, which I regard as one of the most
infamous and atrocious measures ever brought
before a public body. But still I will not retard
the public business, arid am ready to meet the
question now.  
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Chairman, desiring
the passage of this bill, because I believe it to be
lS just, and righteous, and fully appreciating and
!i agreeing to the suggestion made by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Walsh,] I hope the course
proposed may be followed.
Mr. MURRAY. What is the question before
i the committee ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposed that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania rose for the pur-
pose of offering an amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I understand the gentle-
man from New York to move that the enacting
clause be stricken out.
Mr. WALSH. The gentleman's declaration
has gone a great deal faster than my declaration'.
I made no such motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I move to strike out
the enacting clause; and I do so, Mr. Chairman,
because 1 do not believe there is a single gentle-
man upon this floor who has not his mind made
up to vote either for or against this measure. _ I
conceive it eminently just. I avoided participating
in the debate, because I supposed gentlemen had
examined for themselves all the evidence which
had been presented, pro and con, and arrived at a
conclusion which would govern their votes.
I do not sympathize in the attacks which have
been made against those who have used their best
endeavors to get these claims through Congress.
In the city of Philadelphia—which I have the
honor, in part, to represent upon this floor—there
are hundreds of persons who are now in destitu-
tion and suffering, who would be relieved the mo-
ment this bill was passed. Insurance, or other
companies, or claim agents, have nothing to do
with these claims. Underthe impression that we
are now ready to vote on the question, and agree-
ing with the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Walsh,] thatfurther opposition may be regarded
as captious and factious, I now move to strike out
the enacting clause of the bill, and ask the friends
of the measure to come up, with a steady and
determined purpose, to crush out opposition fairly
] and honestly, because I acknowledge here, as I do
j everywhere else, the right of the majority to rule.
Mr. ORR. I do not know, Mr. Chairman, but
| what the gentleman from Pennsylvania would find
I it a rather difficult matter, to crush out the oppo-
j sition in this Hall, if that opposition choosed to
| continue.resistance to his motion. The opposi-
[ tion here have not indulged in any factious pro-
ceeding; nor has there been any desire to defeat
| the bill by unfair means. Representing, at least
I one of the opposition, I stated this morning, that
I all we desired was, that we should be allowed
I the opportunity to indicate amendments; and
i that whenever it was evident amendments and
j motions were made, verily for the purpose of con-
: suniing time, gentlemen might make their motion
I to strike out the enacting clause. It is now only
I two o'clock; and we have been in the consideration
of the bill but one hour to-day. That time might
have been occupied in debate. Gentlemen might
have had chance to express the opinions winch
they entertain. Many have not done so.
Still, gentlemen talk about the great length of
time consumed. Sir, there has been but little
time consumed by this bill. When was it taken
up ? It has been under consideration about three
and a half days. Five millions of dollars is the
appropriation—one million for each day.
Mr. MILLSON. Let me correct the gentleman
in the matter of chronology. We have been only
; about two hours in voting on the amendments to
I this bill; one hour yesterday and another to-day.
| Mr. ORR. I have no desire to make any fac-
I tious opposition;but I would remark to gentlemen,
| who indicate an intention of forcing this bill
through, that they may find it a difficult matter to
do so.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from South Carolina, I will
appeal to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, in
order to obviate all trouble in the matter, that he
withdraw his motion to strike out. the enacting
clause, and let gentlemen submit their amend-
ments. Let us wait awhile, but not longer than
for this day.
Mr. ORR. So far as I am concerned, I am free
to say, that I have no objection at all to gentlemen
coming to final action on the subject to-day.
Mr. CAMPBELL. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I simply desire to say, that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania may crush out some of the
friends of the measure by the course he indicates.
I am a friend to the measure; I believe it to be just
and righteous, and expect to vote for it; but, sir,
if gentlemen have amendments to propose, and
desire to fairly discuss them, I shall go for giving
them that right. . "
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to explain.
