%S66.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4*29
Mr. ORR. I yield only for explanation.
Mr. FLORENCE. My friends misunderstand
me. I stated to the committee  ,
[Cries of " Order!"]
Th^CH AIRMAN. The gentleman is in order,
the gentleman from South Carolina having yielded
to him for the purpose of explanation.
Mr. FLORENCE. Thegentlemen from South
Carolina and Ohio did not understand my prop-
osition correctly. I said crush out opposition
fairly and honestly. [Laughter.] I made that
qualification.
Mr. ORR. I have no objection to that at all.
v Mr. FLORENCE. I also said, that I agreed
with the gentleman from New York, that further
opposition to the bill might be regarded as fac-
tious or captious. Now, Mr. Chairman, in order
to gratify gentlemen who seem to be so exceed-
ingly sensitive on the subject of striking out the
enacting clause—I do not forget my participation
in sustaining, and maintaining, and perfecting such
a motion on a previous occasion, and I have no
regrets for so doing, for I consider it one of the
events of my life of which 1 have good reason to
be proud—to gratify the gentlemen I have referred
to, I now withdraw the motion which I sub-
mitted.
Mr. LETCHER. I send to the Clerk's table
the following amendment:
JInd provided, further, That no insurance office, or com-
pany of insurers, or assignees of insurers, claiming as as-
signees, or m righl of any person or poisons, whose losses
they may have adjusted, shall receive any indemnity what-
ever under this act.
Mr. Chairman, that is a portion of the amend-
ment which I indicated my purpose to offer some
days ago, which was then printed for the consid-
eration of the House. It is offered in good faith,
and Ithinkthatltcan be sustained by good and sub-
stantial reasons. These insurance companies were
engaged in the particular line of their business at
the time these policies of insurance were given.
They received compensation, in the shape of poli-
cies, at the time they were granted, and if the
vessels were lost, those who are here as part and
parcel of the losers received their compensation
in return from these insurance offices. Now, sir,
as the insurers made and pocketed the profits, as
the parties insured have been amply compensated
by the insurance offices, I can see no sort of rea-
son for including these parties within the terms of
this bill, and voting money from the Treasury to
them. This was a fair business transaction; pro-
tection has been given all around to the parties;
profit has been given to one, and indemnity has
been enjoyed by the other. Under these circum-
stances, I think that there ought not to be any
opposition to a proposition of this kind, and that
these parties ought not to be included within the
provisions of the law. As this matter was dis-
cussed somewhat by my colleague, [Mr. Mh.l-
sojj,] the other day, and as I intend to offer none
but buna fuls amendments, I shall occupy no more
time in discussion.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I am a friend of this
bill, but I am opi50sed to the amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia. _ I have sought the floor
to state that I am surprised at the sensibilities,
which have been manifested by a portion of the
members of the House, in reference to the payment
of these claims which may be awarded to as-
signees and insurance companies, for claims which
arose some fifty or sixty years ago.
By reference to the very able report made by
Mr. Caleb Cushing, the present Attorney General
of the United States, in the year 1840,1 find that the
number of memorialists for indemnities for French
spoliations was then .one thousand and eleven,
of which four hundred and sixty were original
claimants, four hundred and seventy-nine were
the heirs and representatives of deceased persons,
and only eighteen insurance companies, as as-
signees for original claimants for losses incurred
>7hich were covered by insurance—making more
than nine hundred original claims of the one thou-
sand and eleven memorialists in the hands of
the original claimants, or their heirs, and legal
representatives, in 1840, when this very able re-
port of the present Attorney General was made
to this House.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it matters not to me—
and if I coaid shape this bill according to my own
sense of right and duty, I would strike that
proviso altogether from the bill, and allow insur-
ance companies, and others who are bona fide as-
signees of claims for valuable consideration, to
come in upon the same footing with the original
holders. Sir, 1 have no doubt as to the validity
and honesty of these claims for French spolia-
tions. I have long desired to see them paid ; and
paid without any invidious discrimination. And
here permit me to say what I believe, that whilst
our Government is honest and magnanimous in
its dealings with foreign nations, and in the pay-
ment of its public debts or obligations, held by
the citizens of foreign Governments, it is alto-
gether too parsimonious and dilatory in the pay-
ment of obligations due our own citizens, and
shown by the best evidence to be due them upon
every principle of right and justice.
Sir, these claims have had mor£ endorsements
of their justice and validity, than any claim that
has ever been presented since the foundation of the
Government. They have been reported favorably
upon by some thirty odd committees of this House
and the Senate, and have repeatedly passed one or
the other of the two branches of Congress. A bill
for their liquidation and payment, passed the House
and the Senate in 184G, and was vetoed by Mr.
President Polk, simply upon the ground, as he
states in his veto message, which 1 have before
me, that the Government was then engaged in a
foreign war, that we were borrowing money, and
that we had not any surplus in the Treasury.
That it was inexpedient to pay the claims then,
under all the circumstances.
Sir, it matters not whether these claims are
for an amount larger or smaller than is provided
for in this bill. It provides, as I understand, for
settling them in full, and appropriates a sum not
to exceed $5,000,000 for their payment. Sir, I
rejoice to have Rn opportunity of doing justice to
a so long delayed, but so meritorious a class of
claimants.
Many of the original claimants have long since
gone to their graves, and their children are now
seeking, at your hands, thatjuBtice which you
refused to render to their father;!. Mr. Chairman,
this subject has been considered and favorably
reported upon by the best minds of the nation.
This hill has been examined carefully, and I trust
it will paps without further delay.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is a further amendment in
oid< r>
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. M1LLSON. I demand tellers upon the
adoption ol the amendment of my colleague.
Tillers were ordered; and Messrs. Kuit-rz and
Macy were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 48, noes 78.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WHEELER. I move to strike out the
enaolin;; clause "f the bill.
[Loud cries of " No!" " No !"]
Mr. WHEELER. Vote down the motion, then.
Mr. ORR. 1 hope the gentleman will withdraw
the motion for a moment, to allow me to make
one Ninrjle remark to the House.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 will withdraw the motion
for the accommodation of the gentleman from
South Carolina, if he will promise to renew it; but
upon no other condition.
Mr. ORR. I cannot agree to renew it. I only
wish to say to the House——
Mr. WHEELER. I do not withdraw the mo-
tion .
Mr. OUR. Well, I am opposing it. We have
now tested the material points* involved in this
first section, and 1 therefore hope that the Clerk
will be allowed to proceed with the reading of the
second section, and so on until we get through the
bill. If there is anything that requires amend-
ment in the subsequent sections, amendments can
be offered as we come to them.
Mr. WHEELER. I made a motion to strike
out the enacting clause of the bill, and I have not
withdrawn it.
Mr. FLORENCE. Why cannot you take the
flog of truce that the gentleman from South Caro-
lina run out just now? [Laughter.]
Mr. BAYLY. I am opposed at this time—but
it will not he long—to the motion of the gentleman
from New York.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair ruled, on a
former occasion, that this motion was debatable.
Upon examining the rule, however, the Chair
finds that the five-minute debate is confined to
amendments. This motion is not in-the nature of
an amendment*
Mr. BAYLY. I acquiesce in that decision.
The CHAIRMAN. TheChair, therefore,de-
cides that the motion is not debatable.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wheel-
er's motion; and it was rejected.
Mr. MILLSON. I would, sir, very readily
acquiesce in the suggestion of my friend from
South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] to leave the first sec-
tion and proceed to the second, but that I have ail
amendment, one which I deem substantial and
material, which I desire to offer to the first section
of the bill. It is to add at the end of that section
the following:
•And provided further, That the indemnity due to any
insurance company claiming as assignees, or in the right of
any person or persons whose losses they may have adjusted,
shaii be ascertained by deducting m ever; ease the amount
of any premium of insurance they may have received.
Mr. Chairman, I have already'given my rea-
sons at large for entertaining the opinion that no
indemnity at all should be paid to the insurance
offices, because I do not consider them as sufferers
from French spoliations; their profits have been
made from French spoliations. Their fortunes
have been built up by French spoliations, and the
dividends which they distributed to their stock-
holders have been drawn from the sufferings of
those who were the actual sufferers by the spolia-
tions of the French.
Entertaining these views, I should have been
pleased if the amendment of my colleague [Mr.
Letcher] had been adopted; but as it has pleased
the committee to reject it, I now offer this propo-
sition, which 1 believe ought to be acceptable to
the friends of the bill themselves, because it is
designed to make the bill consistent with itself.
I do not know but that a liberal construction of
the provisions already inserted in the bill would
exclude from the benefits of the distribution in-
surance offices to a larger amount than the excess
of the indemnity over the amount of premiums
received. But, sir, they are not technically as-
signees. They do not derive their claims by vir-
tue of an assignment, the consideration of which
is the premium paid; but they come in as the as- '
signees of the original claimants upon the pay-
ment of the whole loss.
Now, sir, the committee can readily perceive
that, if the amendment is rejected, this will be the
condition of things: These assigneees, these insu-
rance companies, have already received $50 on the
$100 from the insurers as a premium. They will,
then, in addition, get an allowance on the $100,
to the whole amount of the loss; so that they will
actually receive an allowance on a capital of $150,
when all the private claimants receive an allow-
ance on only §100.
Gentlemen around me, who are friends of the
bill, say that this amendment is right. I cannotsee
on what ground it can be resisted as wrong by
those who are voting for the clause restricting the
indemnity claimable by assignees to the amount
of the consideration, and the interest upon it.
Have not the insurance offices received fifty per
cent.? Are they sufferers to a larger amount than
fifty per cent. ? Most unquestionably not. The
insurers have borne the remaining loss, and unless
you deduct from theamountof the indemnity upon
which the compensation is to be estimated the
premium of insurance received by them, then, as
a necessary consequence, they will be receiving
fifty per cent, more than private claimants, when,
by every consideration of justice and equity, they
ought not only to receive less than private claim-
ants, but, as I honestly believe, ought to be ex-
cluded from the distribution altogether.
Mr. PHILLIPS, (Mr. Millson yielding the
floor.) I merely desire to say that I consider, as
a friend of the bill, that the amendment is founded
upon principles of justice and equality. If it is
not adopted, an insurance company which may
already have received a premium, would share
in the distribution of the indemnity. If, for in-
stance, jJ5,000,000 of claims should be presented
and $5,000,000 distributed, an insurance company
which insured to the amount of $1,000 would get
#1,000, while, at the same time, it would already
have received, from the party insured, the amount
of his premium. It would, therefore, under this
bill, stand in a better position than the original
claimant, which certainly cannot be the design of
any gentleman upon this floor.
