430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
Mr. PECKHAM. In oth<?r words, the insur-
ance company would get more than the loss.
Mr. MILLSON, (resuming.) Now, sir, will
you discriminate in favor of corporations against
the very individuals whose sufferings have been
go feelingly depicted by gentlemen upon this floor ?
I cannot but believe that this portrait of human
suffering is somewhat imaginative and fanciful,
for, though I know many of these claimants, and
many of them reside within my district, I do not
know one who is in a state of want and penury.
But, however that may be, in the adjustment of
claims, we have no right to proceed 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I- do not in-
tend to say anything as to the merits of the bill,
but to address myself directly to the merits of the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. His argument is, in effect, that the insurer,
the underwriter, having received a premium for
his risk, is not entitled to the same measure of
remuneration far losses as the individual who has
lost property, and been paid by the insurance
offices.
Now, sir, it was shown very clearly yesterday,
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,]
that the possibility, nay, the probability, of in-
demnity by the foreign Government being enforced
by our own Government, necessarily entered into
the calculations, as to the value of the risk and the
consideration to be paid, both of the insurer and
the insured.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. STANTON. 1 am not mistaken; for it
amounts to the same thing—whether we are to
pay the underwriter nothing, or a portion of the
consideration which he has paid for these losses.
Mr. CUTTING. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee allow me to correct an error?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. CUTTING. I think, Mr. Chairman, that
there is some misunderstanding in reference to the
question of fact, as it bears upon theunderwriters;
and, if the committee will allow me, 1 will explain
what.I understand to have be£n, not merely the
engagement of the insurance companies, but the
, character and nature of the claims which they
would present to this commission, in the event of
this bill being passed. I think thatmyfriend from
Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] does not comprehend
the meaning of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly,] but that he alludes to the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Letcher, which the committee voted
down. The proposition of the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Millson] is, that in settling the
claims of theunder writers, there should be deducted
the amount of premium which they had already
received, because, according to the judgment of
thatgentleman, that premium would bem addition
to the amount they would get from the board.
But there is an error on this subject, which I shall
endeavor to explain briefly—and it is this: (he
contract of insuiance between the underwriters
and the owners of property, is substantially a
contract of indemnity—a contract by which the
underwriters become sureties to the owners of the
property for certain risks which that property takes.
In order to ascertain what are the respective
rights of these parties, the committee will under-
stand that the merchant values his property at its
value, and adds to that the premium of insurance,
and usually a certain amount, say ten or more per
cent , with a view to cover the probable profits.
Hence, if he have an invoice of cargo worth $800,
when he comes to insure that cargo, in order to
save himself from loss, he adds to the $800, first
the premium of insurance which he will pay to
the underwriter, and, second, the amount of his
probable profits; and upon that value of $800 he
insures for $2,000. And then he agrees, at the
time, with the underwriter, that if, by any of the
perils insured against, this property shall be
diminished m value to an extent exceeding one
half, then he will hand over to the underwriter all
his right in the property, and the underwriter will
pay him for the total loss; and thus disengage
hira from an enterprise which embarrasses the
merchant, and enables him, with fresh capital, to
go into new enterprises. The underwriter, there-
fore, by the terms of his contract, steps into the
shoes of the owner of the property, and takes
possession of it; but because he has paid 01,000,
he does not necessarily succeed to $1,000 worth
ef cargo. He merely stands in the place of the
owner of the property, as if that owner of property
had not been insured at all; and when he goes to
the board of commissioners, he does not present
his claim for the amount of the total loss which
he has paid. With that the board of commis-
sioners has nothing to do. But he presents, simply,
to the board the original papers, and the original
demand of the owner of the property, as if that
owner had not been insured.
Mr, MILLSON. The bill provides that only
the consideration shall be received, and the inter-
est due thereon.
Mr. CUTTING. I should like to end my ex-
planation , because it strikes me that the matter is
very clear.
[Cries of " Go on." "Goon."]
The CHAIRMAN. Is it the will of the com-
mittee that the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cutting] be permitted to proceed with his re-
marks?
[Cries of '■ Yes!" "Yes!" "Agreed!"]
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. CUTTING. The consideration, then, as
the committee will see, is this, that the insurer
who has paid by way of total loss, first, the whole
value of the cargo, $800; second  
Mr. MILLSON, (interrupting.) As the gentle-
man from NewYork has beenpermitted to proceed
with his observations, I wish to say to him that
the present bill is framed on the principle that the
assignee—and the insurance companies are only
assignees, and my amendment applies solely to
them—is merely to recover the amount of the con-
sideration ; and therefore my amendment, pursuing
the same principle, declares that from the amount
of the indemnity shall be deducted the amount of
premium.
Mr. CUTTING. The gentleman from Virginia
still mistakes it. I will then proceed to my illus-
tration.
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The gen-
tleman from NewYork [Mr. Walsh] has ob-
jected. „
[Cries of "His objection is too late!" "Go
on!"]
Mr. CUTTING. I do not wish to obtrude
myself upon theattentionof thecommittee. I only
desired to impart my opinion as to what will be
the practical operation of this thing.
[Cries of" Go on !" " Go on!"]
Mr. CUTTING. Not in the absence of the
gentleman's withdrawal of his objection; and cer-
tainly I would be the last person to ask the gen-
tleman from New York to withdraw his objection,
or to ask anything in the way of favor or courtesy
from him.
The CHAIRMAN. Then, the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Walsh] objecting, the Chair is
not free to permit his colleague to proceed.
The question, then, is on the adoption of the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Mii.lson ]
Tellers weredemandedandordered;and Messrs.
Houston, and Jones, of Louisiana, were ap-
pointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—e.yes 55, noes 74.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to strike out the
words " five millions," and insert m lieu thereof
" five hundred thousand."
I offer this amendment merely for the purpose ,
of saying that 1 am entirely satisfied the friend#'
of this bill do not intend that any amendment
whatsoever shall be made to it, of any character
whatsoever, or for any purpose whatsoever. Satis-
fied of that fact, I now say that, so far as I am con-
cerned, they may make a motion to strike out the
enacting clause, or anything else, and I will vote
with them to put an end to a scuffle which prom-
ises no manner of profit, and which promises
nothing more or less than that the majority will I
have it as they have determined beforehand. I
withdraw my amendment.
Mr_ CL1NGMAN. I offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the section:
Mnd provided, That in lieu ofis=uing stock at> hereinafter
provided, the Secretary of the Treasury m.iy,m h.s (h.-cre-
uon, make payments in money troin the Treasury, Cor the
several amounts. •
The Secretary of the Treasury should pay the
money, and I understood the bill was to be re-
ported in that shape. I took it for granted that it
was so reported. "
Mr. BAYLY. The point made by my friend
from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman,] is one in
respect to which it i3 absolutely necessary that I
should be heard by the committee. This board
is to sit for the period of two years. The bill
provides for the payment of these claims in five
percent, stock, and I would prefer, if the board
were to sit to-morrow, that the claims shoufd be
paid from the Treasury the day after they were
adjudicated; but the bill provides for five per cent,
stock to meet demands which will not arise for
two years after the passage of the bill. I mean
to deal with this House in all candor, and it is
that only which has given me the little influence
I have; and I say to them that, upon consultation
with my friend from'Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] I
find that he has an amendment which will meet
the case perfectly, which I am determined to offer
in the House, when we get the bill out of com-
mittee. It is not the time for me to move it now.
The amendment proposes simply to strike out
from the clause that reads:
" And such certificate of stock shall be redeemable at the
pleasure of the United States, at any time after twenty years
from the date of the termination of this commission. 
The following words:
At any lime after twenty years from the date of the
termination of this commission.
So that it will then read:
And such certificate of stock shall be redeemable at the
pleasure of the United States.
The present law will provide for the case, if
you strike out the words I have suggested.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the gentleman from
Virginia allow me to make a single suggestion?
Mr. BAYLY. Let me finish this point, and
then I will listen to the suggestion of the gentle-
man from North Carolina. We have provided
in this bill, that the board of commissioners shall
sit two years; and if you adopt the amendment
suggested by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] then you make these certificates of stock
redeemable at the pleasure of the Government.
If, in two years hence the Government is in a
condition to pay from its Treasury the awards
made by the board of commissioners, then it can
redeem these certificates of stock. By simply
striking out the words which my friend has indi-
cated, you meet the whole case. It is not neces-
sary to provide for an appropriation from the
Treasury, as my friend from North Carolina [Mr.
Clingman]'seems to think, because, if yeu make
this stock—which is a five per cent, stock—re-
deemable at the pleasure of the Government, they
will pay the cash, if the condition of the Treasury
will allow it.
In looking two years ahead, when this com-
mission is to expire, would it not be better to
leave the bill as it is, so that if we are not then in
a condition to pay the money we could issue
stocks, its equivalent ? If the enacting clause of
the bill is stricken out, I shall propose the amend-
ment which the gentleman from Tennessee sug-
gests, in the House. The proposition to make
these certificates of stock redeemable at the pleas-
ure of the Government, is equivalent to the prop-
osition to pay the awards in money.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. A* substitute for
the original bill, proposed by the gentleman from
Virginia, is pending before thecommittee, and he
has a right to modify it by striking out the words
he has indicated, without making a motion to
amend. I presume the friends of the proposition
will be willing to adopt it when we come into the
House.
Mr. BAYLY. My friend from Tennessee lias
acted with great firmness and candorin this matter,
and I make the modification accordingly.
Mr. CLIISGMAN. I was about to suggest
that the issuing of stock in any shape was attended
with some expense. My amendment simply pro-
poses that the Secretary of the Tre&suty may, in
his discretion, pay the money awarded, if he
thinks proper. What objection can there be to it}
Mr. BAYLY. Sir, is not that the cuect of the
bill as modified upon the suggestion of the gentle-
man from Tennessee? "Will anybody dispute n?
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment oftered by Mr. Orr, and it wa^ not agreed
to. *
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As I understand
the gentleman from Virginia* he hat adopted my
suggestion, and modified his substitute accord-
ingly.
