1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so understands
it, and the Cierk will make the alteration accord-
ingly.
Mr. WALBRIDGrE. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise, and report the bill with the
amendments to the House.
Mr. JONES. I would say to the gentleman
from New York, that the question must first be
put upon the adoption of the whole substitute as
amended.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Tennessee is correct, and the motion of the gentle-
man from New York is not now in order.
Mr. PARKER. I have an amendment which
I wish to offer.
Mr. WALBRIDGrE. I wish to know if the
motion I made was not in order, and legitimate ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order, as long
as any gentleman desires to offer an amendment.
Mr. PARKER. 1 proposean amendment which
I hope will be accepted. It will strengthen the
bill.
. The amendment wes read, as follows:
Add to the eleventh section the following:
Prowled, however, That m case any alleged holder of any
claim contemplated by this act shall fail lor any cause to
present the same for adjudication and adjustment, as is
herein provided,such claim shall forever after be deemed and
taken as altogether invalid, in whose hands soever the same
may he; it being the true intent and meaning of this act
that the proper Amountof indemnity for the damages herein
provided for, cannot be considered in the aggregate to ex-
ceed the amount herein appropriated, however mneh the
claims for indemnity in the aggrr ate may exceed ihatsum.
And, should the board of commissioners, under their rules
and regulations of allowance, find a larger aggregate, the
redaction (p7o rata) then required shall only be considered
aw a mode of ascertaining the true amount of damages
sustained in each case.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I have not a par-
ticle of objection to that amendment, but this—
and the gentleman from Indiana will appreciate
it— that the substance of his amendment is in,the
bill now.
Mr. PARKER. The gentleman is certainly
mistaken,,for it is impossible for htm to point me
eut the place where it, is to be found in the bill.
On the contrary, the bill is full of implications
directly the reverse of my amendment. Will the
gentleman accept my amendment?
Mr. BAYLY. 1 will make no difficulty about
it, though I see no need of it, as it is in the bill
now.
Mr. PARKER. But the apprehension exists
all over this House, that such is not the bill now,
but the very reverse of it One great objection
which has been made to this bill is, that it is an
opening wedge to future claims, and we do not
preclude that idea by the terms of the bill.
Mr. BRIDGES. I would refer the gentleman
of Indiana to the commencement of the eleventh
section of the bill, upon that point.
Mr. BAYLY. My friends desire that I,should
withdraw the point I made as to that amendment
being ip the bill now, and to acquiesce in this
amendment. I will hear the amendment read
again.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 will accept the amendment as
a modification of the substitute.
Mr. BARRY. I move to strike out the first
section. I make the motion to enable me to state
my objections to the bill, and in doing; so 1 shall
quote a portion of the veto message of President
Polk, i shall read that for the purpose of answer-
ing statements which have been made here that
Mr. Polk vetoed the French spoliation bill, be-
cause we were then engaged m a war, and for
some other incidental reasons, winch implied that
he assented to the justness of the claims, and
recognized them as obligatory.
Mr. Polk says this in his message.
" The short ume intervening between the passage of the
bill by Congtess and the approaching close of their se>smn,
as wuii a* the pressure of other official duties, have not
permuted me to extend uiy examination of til'" subject into
its mumfr* details. But,m the consideration which I have
been able to otve to it, 1 find objections ot a grave character
to its- provisions." *****
'• it is scarcely payable, if the claim had been regarded as
obligatory upon tin? Government, or constituting an equita-
ble demand upon the Treasury, that those who were con-
temporaneous with the events which gave rise to it, should
wot long sinct hav* done ju&uce to the claimants."
* * > *****
" During this extended course of time, embracing periods
eminently favorable for satisfying al! just demands upon the
Government, the claims embraced m this bill met with no
favor m Congress beyond report* of committees m one or
the other branch. These circumstances alone are calcu-
lated to raise strong doubts in respect to these claims;
more especially, as all themfotmation necessary to a correct
judgment concerning tbeuihab been long beiore the public.
These doubts are tirengthened m my mtnd by the examina-
tion I have been ena bled to give to the transactions in which
they originated.
" The bill assumes that the United States have become
liable, in the*e anciont transactions, to make reparation to
the claimants for injuries commuted by France. Nothing
was obtained lor the claimants by negotiation; and the bill
assumes that the Government has become responsible to
them for the aggressions of France. 1 have not been able
to satisfy myself of the corre(?tnesa of this assumption, or
that the Government has become m any way responsible
for these claims. The limited time allotted me before your
adjournment, precludes the possibility of reiterating the
facts and arguments by which, in preceding Congresses,
these claims have been successfully resisted."
********
" Why this unusual mode of satisfying demands on the
Treasury has been resorted to, does not appear, ft is not
consistent with a sound public policy. If it be done in this
case, it may be done m all others. It would form a prece-
dent for the satisfaction of all other stale and questionable
claims m the samp manner, and would, undoubtedly, be re-
sorted to by all Hamiants, who, after successive trials, shall
fail to have their claims recognized and paid in money by
Congress." ******
" These claim 3 are estimated to amount to a much larger
sum than .$5,000,000, and yet the claimant is required to
release to the Government all other compensation, and to
accept his share of almid winch is known to be inadequate.
If the claims be well founded, it would be unjust to the
claimants to repudiate any portion of them, and the pay-
ment of the remaining sum could not be hercatier resisted.
This bill pioposes to pay these claims, not m the currency
known to the Constitution, and not to their full amount."
Now, sir, the amendment which was offered by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Parker,] and
accepted by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly,] is worth the paper it is written upon, and
no more, except that it expresses the intention
of this Congress. You are proceeding to legislate
for yourselves, but the next Congress may look
upon the matter differently, and future Congresses
will say, you have recognized these claims by
paying $5,000,000, and here are others which are
due, and not paid under that law; and the same
moral obligation will rest upon them to pay the
balance, which rested upon us to pay the
$5,000,000.
The man ought to be driven out of decent so-
ciety who would shelter himself behind a receipt
from the claimants, when the Government ac-
knowledges that there was more due than has
been paid.. Receipts extorted in this way are
obligatory upon no man, and no nation ought to
resort to them. If you owe a debt, pay it all, to
the last farthing, and if you do not owe it, pay
nothing. Do not shelter yourselves from future
claims by saying that, in voting the $5,000,000,
you provided that '.here should never be paid any
more than the $5,000,000.
Mr. WALBRiOGE. I understood that further
time was granted for legitimate discussion and
amendment, and for that purpose alone. Those
proposed have been acceded to by the friends of
the measure. It is evident that, if this discussion
be further protracted, we shall not terminate our
proceeding m this matter to-day; and understand-
ing that the suggestion of the gentleman from
North Carolina, m reference to stock, has been
adopted, as well as that of the gentleman from
Indiana, I now move that the committee rise and
report the bill.
Mr. PfCCKFIAM. There are verbal amend-
ments to the bill winch ought to be made in com-
mittee, and I hope the gentleman will withdraw
his motion for a moment for that purpose.
Mr. WALBR1DGE. It is evident to us all
that, unless the committee now rise and report
this bill, the matter will go over te the next week.
Then other questions will be before us for consid-
eration—questions of vital importance, and de-
manding prompt attention. I therefore insist upon
my motion.
Mr. BRIDGES. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. PECKHAM. Let me say that, since the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Parker] has beenadopted, the entire eleventh sec-
tion is rendered unnecessary. It is superfluous,
and ought to be stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York moves that the committee do now rise and
report the bill. There is pending an amendment,
in the nature of a substitute, and, until it has been
acted on, the gentleman's motion is not in order.
The question now is on the substitute offered by
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.]
Mr. SEWARD. What becomes of the mo-
tion to strike out the enacting clause?
The CHAIRMAN. It was withdrawn.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment, in the following words:
Be it further enacted, That satisfaction shall also be
made, as hereinafter provided, to an amount not exceeding
two millions of dollars, to such citizens of the United
States, or to their legal representatives, as had valid claims
to indemnity upon the British Government, arising out of
the violation, by Great Britain, of the seventh article of the
treatyNof 1783, and which claims were surrendered and
abandoned by our Government by the treaty between the
United States and Great Britain, signed on the 19th day of
November, 1794.
[Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. Let the gentleman state
his question of order.
Mr. WASHBURN. The gentleman's amend-
ment relates to another question from that of the
bill, and, being otherwise than germane, is, under
the rules, out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Barry] to
move that the words "five million" be stricken
from the first section. That amendment has not
been acted on.
Mr. BARRY. I withdrew the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Faulkner] out of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to make a
speech. I desire simply to call" the attention of
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] to the
eighth section, where provision is made for pay-
ing the expenses of the adjudication of these
claims before the commissioner. I propose to
strikeout the latter portion of the section, and
insert so as to make it read that the expenses of
this adjudication shall be paid out of the sum
therein provided for; that is, outof the $5,000,000.
Mr. BAYLY. I do not think that is right;
but I accept the amendment.
[Cries of "No!" "I object!" all over the
Hall.]
Mr. BAYLY. Very well,then; let the amend-
ment be voted on.
Mr. HOUSTON. I shall occupy the attention
of the committee but a moment. My understand-
ing is, that the course I have proposed is the usual
one pursued in such cases. I do not see any rea-
son why the Government should pay the expenses
of the litigation which may be carried on between
various parties who may claim portions of this
fund. It is not the fault of the Government that
the litigation is carried on, and the litigation being
vital to the establishment of the claims, I do not
think that the Government ought to- pay its
expense.
Mr. PRESTON. I am opposed, Mr. Chair-
man, to striking out the few thousand dollars
embraced m the ninth section of the bill, for the
purpose of the Government hearing, auditing, and
determining whether it is to pay all of these claims
or not. I am m favor of the bill, and it does
strike me that if we dedicate $5,000,000 for the
payment of these claims—not knowing the cus-
tom to which the gentleman from Alabama has
alluded—it is but a small concern for a great Gov-
ernment to deduct from these people, who have
been waiting for fifty-odd years to have justice
done them, the few thousand dollars which are to
pay the secretary, the attorneys, and commis-
sioners. I have supported the chairman of the
committee which reported this bill throughout, but
I do protest against his accepting this amendment,
for the dignity of Congress and the Government.
I do not know what may have been the custom
before, but these are means which we desire to
-provide, in order to insurejustice to citizens w hom
we are bound to protect by every national and
moral obligation. If we vote anything, I am
opposed to keeping an account current of the little
expenses of litigation. I do not want that, any
more than the salaries of the judges, and secre-
taries, and other expenses of the Supreme Court
shall be added in the bill of costs for the purpose
of making that a self-sustaining tribunal. I know
no such principle there, and I see no necessity for
any such here. I think it becomes us to pay
them, and I do not want to abate one jot or one
tittle of what is due them.
Mr. ROWE. Is it in order to move to strike
out the enacting clause ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is. Does the gentleman
make that motion i
