432
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27.
• Mr. RGWE. I yield «to the request of gentle-
men not to make it at present.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move thpt the com-
mittee do now rise and report the bill to theHouse.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order, there being still an amendment pending.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Bayly's
amendment, to substitute the Senate bill, as modi-
fied, for the House bill; and it was agreed to.
Mr, WALBRIDGE. It being now in order to
Move that the committee rise and report the bill
to tlie House, I submit that motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is in order if
no gentleman desires to submit any further amend-
ment.
Mr. WARREN. I have an amendment to
submit. I move to amend the bill by striking out
the enacting clause.
The .CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentiematv that the same object may be ac-
complished by adopting the motion of the gentle-
man from New York, to rise and report the bill
to the House.
Mr. WARREN. My only object is to put an
end to further discussion, and to the offering of
further amendments, and to bring the committee
to a final vote.
{Loud cries of " Question!" " Question !"]
Mr., WARREN. 1 withdraw the motion.
The question then recurred upon the motion
that the committee rise and report the bill to the
House, and being put, was decided in the affirma-
tive.
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr. Seymour]
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, hud
the Union generally under consideration, and jmi-
ticularly House bill No. 117, " to provide for the
satisfaction of claims of American citizens) for
spoliations committed by the French prior to the
31st day of .Tune, 1801and had directed him to
report the same to the House with an amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. BAYLY", of Virginia. I demand the pre-
vious question upon the engrossment of the lull.
The previous question was seconded; arid the
main question orcleied to he put.
The question being first upon the amendment
reported by the committee.
Several Mkmbehs demanded that it be read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. ! wish merely to
eay, that, as the amendment has been read in com-
mittee, it is not necessary that it should be read
again. If the bill is ordered to a third reading, I
give notice that I shall demand the yeas and nays
upon its passage.
Mr. ORR. ' Is there but one amendment re-
ported ?
Mr. BAYLY. That is all.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was read
the third time.
Mr. BAYLY. I demand the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. CLINUMAN. I desire to know whether
the amendment suggested by the gentleman from
Tennessee, to allow the money to be paid out of
the Treasury of the United States, if expedient,
is incorporated in the bill?
Mr. BAYLY. It is, and also the amendment
suggested by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Parker.]
The previous question was then seconded; and
the main question ordered to be now put.
Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 demand the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 7G; as follows;
YEAS—Mrssr.-*. Abererombie, Aiken, Willis Allen,
.Appieion, Thomas If. Bayly, Bail, Batiks, Belehcr, Bell,
lJennett, Benson, Britteet*, Brooks Campbell, Car-
puiter, Caru tiiers, Chamberlain, Chandler, Clmgman,
Cook.Oouvin, •'J'O'-k- r, Culloro, Cuttmjr, Thomas Davis,
lie W:ff, Dick, Dickinson, Di-mey, Edmund^, Thomas D.
Jlhot, Cveihart, Farley, Foston, Pia«!er, Florence, Fiank-
hn, Fuller, Gamble, biddings, Guodilch, Goodwin, Hast-
ings, Haven, Hill, Howe, "Hunt, insjersoil, J. Glancy
Jones iCt-iu, Kerr, Kiuredj?o, Knox, Latham, Lyon, 51c-
- Culiothj Mncdonaki, MeDougall, Mare, Maey, Matteson,
Maurice, Maxwell, Ma}', Meaeharn, Middleswarth, Mor-
gan, Norton, Packer, Parker, Feck,?t'ciibam, X'ertmngtou,
Phillips, Pratt, Preston, Purycar, Ready, Reese, Riddle,
Robbins, Rogers, Riuweli, tfabin, Seymour, Shower, Sim-
mons, Frederick P. Stanton. Richard H. Stanton, Hector
L. Stevens, Straub, John L. Taylor, Teller, Thurston,
Trout, Upham, Vansant, Wade, Wal bridge, Walker, Elhhu
B. Washbuine, Israel Washburn, Weils, John Went-
worth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, Wheeler, Yates,
and Zollicoffer—110
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen,David J. Bailey, Barks-
dale, Barry, Benton, Bugg, Oaskie, Chastani, Clmsman,
Cobb, Colquitt, Cox, Craige, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dun-
bar, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, John M. Elliott, Ellison,
English, Etheridge, Faulkner, Goode, Greenwood, Hamil-
ton, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris,
Wiley P. Hams, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hulyer,
Houston, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones,
Roland Jones, ICidvvell, Kurtz, Lamb, Letcher, Lewis,
Lilly, Lmdsley, MeMullm, MeCtueen, Smith Miller, Mill-
son, Moniison, Murray,Nichols, Noble,Orr, John Perkins,
Powell, Thomas Ritchey, Kuffin, Sapp, Seward, Shannon,
i Shaw, Singleton, Skelton, Samuel A. Smith, William R.
I Rmiih, Oeoire W. Smyth, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart,
; John J. Taylor, Walsh, Warren, Daniel B. Wnglit, and
j Hendrick B. Wright—'76.
So the bill was passed.
Fending: the call of the roll,
Mr. ROWE stated that he had paired off with
! Mr. Mayai.l. . , „
| Mr. KOGERTON" stated that he had paired off
; with his colleague, Mr. Olds.
j Mr.WALLKY stated that he had not voted, thus
| far, upon the bill in any of its stages of progress,
! and should not vote on its passage, for the reason
Lthat he was personally interested in its passage.
I Mr. CAMPBELL stated that his colleague, Mr.
| Harrison, had been called home by the illness of
lus mother, or that he would have been here and
voted for the bill; and that he had paired oil'with
Mr. Breckinridge.
Mr. BAYLY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
The. title of the bill was then read, as follows:
An act to provide for the ascertainment and
satisfaction of claims of American citizens for
spoliations commuted by the French prior to the
day of July, ltfOl.
Mr. WALSH, i move to amend the title by
striking out what has just been read, and substi-
tuting what I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk proceeded to read the amendment,
which is as follows:
An Act to successfully accomplish the following objects:
1. To enable sundry unscrupulous and grasping com-
panies, speculauns, and biokci^, to  tdl lurther ii<r§rai:diae
themselves in the bamle:;toiisly assumed natne of the
widow*, and orphans, by preying upon whose helplessness
and m'cemmes they have aheady amazed lot turn's.
£. Tu replenish lite purt"'t? and brighten the mercenary
hopes ot the several agent.*, lobbyeis* &.e., of VV.if>lmi{ ton,
uho arc pcv'-oitaily lntoifsted m its passage, and also to
embolden iho^e ami conn ictit,ous worthies to re-
newed and increased < Ooi is to deplete the National 'i'leas-
my m> effectually, as tolnueaitci pieclude the po~3ibihty of
its iuutls ever again reaching one melt above low water
mark.
Before the rending- of the amendment was con-
eluded, the Clerk was interrupted by shouts of
" order," and a dozen members rising to questions
of order.
Mr. BAYLY. That amendment is certainly
not m ortier as an amendment to the title of that
bill.
Mr. WALSH. There is no question at all
about it. It is m order.
Mr. LETCHEPv. Let the amendment be read.
How can we tell whether it is in order or not until
it has been read.
Mr. WHEELER. I object to the reading.
The SPEAKER. Upon what ground does the
gentleman object?
Mr. WHEELER.. Because it is an insult to
the House.
The Sl'EA ICER. The Chair decides that the
amendment may be read.
The reading was then concluded.
The Chair was proceeding to put the question
on the adoption of the amemlmeni 
Mr. ED&ERTON. I demand the yeas and
nays upon its passage.
Much confusion prevailed in the Hall.
[Cries of " Let's have the yeas and nays!"
"Let's see who will vote for the amendment!"
" It's an insult to the IIousel"&c.]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYLY. The Chair haying decided the
amendment to be defeated 
The SPEAKER. The Chair made no such
decision. The yeas and nays were called before
the Chair announced any decision.
Mr. BAYLYi Well, sir,I move to reconsider
the vote by which the title was adopted, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The -title has not been
adopted. .
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
question of order. I submit that the amendment
offered by the gentleman from New York is not in
order. , , ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
amendment is in order. It is as competent for the
House to amend the title of a bill as it is to amend
the bill itself.
Mr. WARREN. I rise to what 1 deem to be
a privileged question. 1 move to lay the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York on the
table. , ,
The SPEAKER. That would carry the bill
with it. .
Mr. WARREN. Then I take it back. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WASHBURN. I insist upon my ques-
tion of order. I do not believe it is in order to
amend the title of the bill by inserting what the
gentleman from New York hss moved. It is a
direct insult to the House as I regard it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not like to
determine such nice questions. He decides the
amendment to be in order.
Mr. WASHBURN. I appeal from that decis-
ion.
Mr. BAYLY. I hope the gentleman from
Maine will withdraw his appeal, and let us vote
down the amendment without further delay.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a point of order.
My point of order is this: I submit that the lan-
guage of that amendment is historically untrue,
[laughter,] that it is indecorous in expression, and
that it is a reflection upon what has been ascertained
to be the will of the msjority of the members of
the Senate and of this House. Sir, it is language
that ousht not to be permitted to be considered in
a legislative body.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York thinks very differently; and it is for the
House to determine. [Laughter.]
Mr. BAYLY. X hope my friend from New-
York will withdraw his amendment.
Mr. WALSH. I trust no gentleman who voted
for this bill will object to having its real object set
forth in the title. 1 cannot withdraw rey amend-
ment.
Mr. ORR. Do I understand that there fe an
appeal from the decision of the Chair pending?
The SPEAKER. There is.
Mr. ORR. Very well; if gentlemen want to
continue here longer over this bill, I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. Y/ASHBURN. I will withdraw my ap-
peal.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to the withdrawal
of the appeal, and ask the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. EASTMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN. I withdraw my appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. ORR. Then, if the appeal is withdrawn,
I withdraw my motion to adjourn.
Mr. MACE. I move the previous question.
Thejjrevious question received a second, and
the mam question was ordered to be put; being
first upon the amendment to the title of the bill,
proposed by Mr. Walsh.
Mr. PECK. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment of my colleague.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ORR. I renew my motion that the House
do now adjourn, and upon it I demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. BAYLY. Mr. Speaker, I beg that gentle-
men 
'■The SPEAKER. A motion to adjourn has
been made, and no debate is in order.
Mr. BAYLY. I know that debate is not in
order; but I hope that I may be indulged in asking
that the call for the yeas'and nays on the amend-
ment shall be withdrawn, and then I feel suiethat
my friend from South Carolina will withdraw the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. ORR. I will withdraw the motion to ad-
journ, if the call for the yeas anil nays on the
amendment is withdrawn. My wish is to get
clear of the bill.
