18T5.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
437
the honorable Senator from Virginia, offers his
proposition as a substitute for the amendment
which I have had the honor to present.
The PRESIDENT. It has not been offered;
it has been read for the information of the Senate
only. The question is still on the first section of
the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Illinois.
Mr. HUNTER. T intend to offer it as a sub-
stitute for the second branch of the proposition of
the Senator from Illinois, when that comes up.
Mr. SHIELDS. Let me suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia to offer it now as a
substitute, because I shall then be prepared to
move to amend the substitute. I believe that is
allowable; and if we can get the substitute in an
acceptable form, it may be that the committee will
abandon the original proposition; but it will de-
pend altogether upon that. It is competent, I
believe, to proceed to the amendment of the sub-
stitute before it is voted upon.
The PRESIDENT. Yes, sir; or it is compe-
tent for the Senator from Illinois to withdraw the
amendment he has offered.
Mr. HUNTER. I have not offered my prop-
osition. I merely give notice that I shall offer it
as a substitute for the second branch of the prop-
osition of the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. RUSK. There are two amendments, as I
understand, presented by the Senator from Illinois:
one to provide for the appointment of commis-
sioners to negotiate with the Indians, and the
other for raising three thousand volunteers. Per-
haps they were offered as one amendment.
Mr. STUA R.T. No, sir; they were offered as
separate amendments.
Mr. RUSK. Then the question will first be on
the proposition to appoint three commissioners?
The PR ESIDENT. Yes, sir; that is the pend-
ing question.
Mr. WELLER. I understood the honorable
Senator from Illinois, the other day, to strike out
that portion of his amendment which provides
for the enlistment of friendly Indians. It is better
that thai should be understood.
Mr. SH1 ELDS. I stated that the provision for
the employment of those Indians was introduced
on the recommendation of the Department, and
that 1 felt it to be my duty to present it as sueh;
but that I was willing that it should be stricken
out, because it had not been submitted to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I said, the
other day, that this amendment had never been
formally passed on by the Committee on Military
Affctrs; I meant the details of it. There seemed
to be a difference of opinion then between the
chairman of the committee and myself, and some
persons have supposed that I impeached the cor-
rectness of his statement. I intended no such
thin?. I simply intended to say that the details of
the amendment which he submitted had never
been passed on by the Committee on Military
Affairs. The committee agreed to reportin favor
of appointing three commissioners to negotiate, if
possible, a peace with the Indians. They also
sgreed to give the President what he asked for—
three thousand volunteers. The Senator from
Illinois understood the agreement of the commit-
tee to be to give the volunteers, in the manner he
asked for them. I did not so understand it. I
desired that the volunteers should be organized in
conformity with the law under which volunteers
were organized during the Mexican war. The
Senator from Illinois, however, supposed that the
imstiuction of the committee was not only to give
the three thousand volunteers, but to give them in
the manner in which the Executive had asked for
them. Xhere was the only point of difference
between the honorable Senator and myself. Cer-
tainly, I did not design, in any way or form, to
impeach the correctness of his statement. i
Mr. SHIELDS. So I understood. I know ■
the honorable Senator would not say anything i
which was intended at all to reflect on my course.
He is correct in his statement. The committee
agreed upon two propositions, first, the appoint-
ment of three commissioners, and next, to give the
Executive the force for which he asked. The
honorable Senator will also recollect that I was
instructed to confer with the President and Secre-
tary of War, and to bring forward their plans. I
did so. Those plans were not afterwards sub-
mitted to the committee; for the committee gave
me a carte blanche, I may say; I was to go and
confer with the President and Secretary of War,
and report a proposition granting the Executive
what he askea. I brought forward what the Ex-
ecutive proposed; but the committee, in one sense,
was not responsible for that part of it; nor did I
hold myself responsible. I only brought forward
the plan of the Executive.
Now, sir, upon the point immediately before us,
in order to get my proposition fairly and clearly
before the Senate, I withdraw, for the time being,
the section in relation to the appointment of com-
missioners, and present the sections in relation to
the volunteers. To the amendment, as it thus
stands, the honorable Senator from Virginia can
offer his substitute. Then we can proceed to
amend the substitute, and if it be amended in such
way as to be acceptable, it will perhapa supply
the place of the proposition of the committee. I
shall not, however, withdraw the amendment in
relation to the volunteers, until I find that an ade-
quate force is to be supplied in their place.
Mr. HUNTER. As the honorable Senator
has withdrawn that part of the amendment in rela-
tion to the appointment of commissioners, I offer
the proposition which has been read, as a substi-
tute for the residue of the proposition.
Mr. SHIELDS. Perhaps I may as well state
now, what is my proposed amendment to that
substitute. It ia to inseitthe following, in lieu of
the first section of the substitute of the gentleman
'from Virginia:
be it further enacted, That there shall be added to
the Army two regiments of infantry, and two regiments of
eavahy, organized as in the ousting force; that the officers
and men uuthorized by this act shall be entitled to the same
provisions tor wounds and disabilities, find the same pro-
visions for widows and children, and the same allowances
and benefits m every respect, as- are allowed to other troops
eompoMiig the Army of the United States-.. They bliall be
subject to the rules and artielos of w.ir, and the men shall
be recruited in tlx; same tn.inner as oilier troops, and with
the Mine conditions and limitations.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator from Texas
does not wish the floor, 1 shall take the occasion
to say a few words on the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Senator may have five
minutes.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not wish to go on if the
Senator is willing to proceed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, before the
Senate proceed to vote upon the adoption of the
policy now proposed, I think it would be well to
examine the onuses which have led to the present
condition of affairs, and then to inquire into the
best means for the restoration of peace upon our
Indian frontier. An examination of this sort will
inform ua whether there is any necessity for an
increase of the military force of the country.
I nm aware, sir, that, in discussing subjects
which relate to the Indians, or to their rights, I
shall command but little sympathy from the Sen-
ate, and not much from the country. They are
a people isolated in their interest, and solely de-
pendent for protection and justice upon the Gov-
ernment of the United States. How far justice
has been accoided to tliem in the past, or how far
it is, in all probability, to be awarded to them in
the future, is a matter beyond speculation. If we
are to judge from the past experience of our times,
we should infer that there is but very little hope
of anything being done for the red man; and we
should infer that, in the opinion of his white
brethren, his doom has already been written and
recorded.
Mr. President, the Indians have been charged
with an aggressive and hostile spirit towards the
whites; but u e find, upon inquiry, that every
instance of that sort which has been imputed to
them, has been induced and provoked by the white
man, either by acts of direct aggression upon the
Indians, or by his own incaution, alluring them
to a violation of the security of the whites. They
have tempted the cupidity of the Indians. If a
lawless fellow happens to prove vagrant to his
band, and throws off all the rules and restrictions
imposed by the chiefs on their warriors, and
chooses to involve his nation in a difficulty by
taking the life of a white man, if he can do so, as
he supposes, with impunity, his action is charged
to his tribe; but they should not be held respon-
sible. Sir, we have seen thrilling accounts of
sanguinary massacres, which alarm us at the first
blush; anS if we are to believe the paragraphs ;
disseminated through the medium of the news-;
paper press, we should suppose, in reality, that
the Indian was as barbarous as he had ever been,
and that all the assaults or massacres', as they are
termed, are unprovoked and wantonly inflicted
on'the defenseless white man. As an instance of
this, let me mention the massacre at Fort Laramie,
and from that instance you can pretty accurately
deduce the true condition of other acts of a similar
character. What were the circumstances in con-
nection with that case?
During the last summer, some bands of the Sioux
nation of Indians were encamped within six miles
of Fort Laramie. They were in amity with the
United States, and on terms of friendship and
good feeling with the officers and men of the
neighboring fort. A man from a neighboring trib®
whose relatives had, a year before, been slaugh-
tered by the troops at Fort Laramie, happened to
be among these bands of Sioux. Some Mormon
emigrants passed by the camp of the Indians, and
a cow escaped from them, made towards the vil-
lage, and the Mormons pursued her, but unsuc-
cessfully. The Indian to whom 1 have referred,
by way of revenge for the loss of his relative,
slaughtered the animal. Complaint was made at
Fort Laramie. The chiefs instantly said that
they would see that reparation was made for the
injury which had been done. Was this satisfac-
tory to the commanding officer? No, sir; but he
detailed a lieutenant, or brevet lieutenant, with a
company, for the purpose of arresting the Indian.
The company arrived at the encampment of the
Indians with a piece of artillery. Demand was
made of the chiefs; but this Indian said to them,
" I have taken a lodge here; I am willing to die;
you have nothing to do with this matter; you
have no concern with it; the responsibility is not
upon your people, but it is upon me alone." So
soon as this reply was given to the lieutenant, he
fired and crippled one of the principal chiefs,and
killed a man. The delinquent still refused togive
up. After that, the chiefs rallied $nd exhorted
the men to commit no outrage; their influence
controlled theaction of the Indians; buta drunken
interpreter, who was calculated to incite the lieu-
tenant to action, caused him, no doubt, to fire his
cannon. The next thing was,that the war-whoop
was sounded, and the lieutenant and part of his
men were killed. The others dispersed, were
pursued by the Indians in hot blood* and every
man was slaughtered.
This is a succinct narrative of that event.
Were the Indians to blame? He who violates a
law is the man who is responsible for the conse-
quences of that violation. The Indian intercourse
laws of the United States, have pointed out the
manner in which to proceed in such a case. If a
citizen sustains injury from any tribe, or from an
individual of a tribe, information is to be given to
the Indian agent for that tribe. He is immediately
to make a demand upon the chiefs of the nation.
If they do not surrender the individual, which, in
all probability they would do immediately, if they
were treated in good faith, deduction is made from
their annuities for the amount of the injury, and
there the mutter stops. If no annuities are due to
them, rather than bring on war, theUnited States
Treasury is lesponsible to the individual who has
sustained loss. These are the provisions of the
intercourse laws. In this case, did either of the
officers make a demand on the chiefs? The chiefs
sent an assurance that justice would be done, and
the individual given up, though he did not belong
to their band. The officers, unwilling to receive
that assurance, dispatched a handful of men
against several lodges of Indians, and among whom
there had been some ground of complaint. The
consequences which I have narrated, resulted from
this indiscretion and violation of law. It was a
violation of law, for no demand was made upon
the chiefs for indemnity, and no response was
received from them. These gallant gentlemen
thought they should go there and make war.
They are paid for it; " it is their vocation." Are
such men entitled to sympathy? Are they entitled
to respect? But their conductalarmed the Sioux;
and because thattribe proposed to confederate with
other tribes, we are asked to increase the military
force of the country; forsooth, we are to wage war
upon the winds, for you might as well do it, as
upon the prairie Indians
But this is not all that grew out of that transac-
tion. A clamor is raised about the mail party
who were destroyed subsequently to that. It
