438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
was very natural to expect that it would be done.
The Sioux chief who was wounded on the occa-
sion to which 1 have referred, was taken to the
Arkansas, and there he expired in consequence of
the injury he had received. His kindred resolved
to revenge his death. The Indian appreciates the
ties of kindred far beyond any white man. They
may have less intelligence; but the chords of nature
are stronger, the sensibilities of the heart more
lively than those which stimulate our Christian,
enlightened action, it is well known that the
grief which resounds through the Indian camp,
when a warrior or chief expires, or when a rela-
tive dies, is like the wailing of Egypt. When
this chief expired, his friends sought for a white
man, that they might take vengeance on him—not
for those who had inflicted the wrong, but who-
ever they might happen to find among the whites.
They first came upon the mail party. One, who
was not a relative of the chief, said to one of his
kindred, " there is a white man, you can now
take vengeance on him; you are a coward if you
do not do so." He said, "I am no coward; but
if you say it, I will kill him." Then he went and
killed two out of the three composing the mail
party.
Now, sir, what had been the condition of the
Indian country previous to these occurrences? I
have been assured by gentlemen who have passed
from California to Fort Laramie, a distance of
one thousand four hundred or one thousand five
hundred miles, that they met individuals travel-
ing alonethrough that vast region. They passed
through a wilderness of one thousand four hundred
or one thousand five hundred miles unassailed,
and without injury from any one. Did this look
like a desperate feeling on the part of the In-
dians, when they allowed unprotected individ-
uals, sometimes singly, occasionally in small com-
panies of three or four persons, to pass through
their country unmolested? No, sir. It is some
sudden act of wrong and outrage which stimulates
the Indian to aggression. lie has no inducement
to it unless he expects great plunder, because he
is very well aware that if he cultivates kind and
friendly relations with the whites, he can receive
from them supplies that he cannot obtain in any
other way—things which gratify his taste for
dress, and supply his wants and appetites. For
this reason, the Indian is always disposed to be
in peace and friendship with his white neighbors
if he can.
I have given some illustrations of the so-called
Indian outrages. I may refer to another one,
which not long since took place in Oregon, and
which is given, in some quarters, as a reason why
an increase of the Army is required. I refer to a
recent massacre of the Indians at a ferry house
in Oregon, as described by the ajrents and super-
intendents of that Territory. A number of miners
to the amount of forty, associated together to
attack a village of seventy Indians, men, women,
and children, without any means of defense, with
only five pieces of fire-arms, pistols, and gruns,
and two of them entirely useless. The oificer,
who reports the action, describes in a most mil-
itary and elegant style, the manner in which he
assaulted the village in three divisions. They were
entirely successful; killed some sixteen men,
killed one squaw, and wounded a couple, and no
children—that was merciful! But, sir, they scat-
tered the warriors who were there defenseless, and
applied the torch to their wigwams. We are told
by the gallant gentleman who reported the matter,
that the next day the Indians were there hovering
about the mouldering ashes of their wigwams.
This gallant and chivahous man, wonderful to
relate, says he did not lese a man in the attack!
Was he not lucky? [Laughter.] That fellow
must look out for a brevet; though I hope he will
hardly come here claiming bounty land. [Laugh-
ter.]
This act is denounced by the agent and superin-
tendent as most cruel and barbarous. The poor
creatures were willing to do anything and every-
thing which was asked of them. They denied
every charge that the malicious and the wanton
had brought against them ; and the truth of their
narrative is indorsed by the agent, a man of intelli-
gence. i do not know him; but his report bears
the impress of intelligence and integrity.
Well, si**, these circumstances, it is said, call
for an army of three regiments, or eighteen hun*
dredmen. What are they to cost? Five millions
of dollars is the amount which it is proposed to
appropriate by the bill which was reported by the
Senator from Illinois. We are to appropriate
$5,000,000 to bring on a great Sioux war, to meet
a most wonderful confederacy, which, it is said,
is forming among the Indians. Why, sir, they
cannot keep together, because they are starving
in little bands, even in those parts of the country
where they can command the most game. How
could they remain embodied for any length of
time without supplies, without animals, and
without food, when their women and children are
starving? IIow could they, under such circum-
stances, remain a mighty confederation, to sweep
our frontier ? Why, sir, from the display that is
made, by the terrible cry of alarm, one would think
that New Orleans itself could hardly be safe, but
that the Indians would sweep down the Missouri
and Mississippi, and carry death, destruction,
and devastation in their course!
Are these causes calculated to produce such
mighty effects ? Is it proper that the nation should
be involved in a general Indian war at this time?
Is it proper that $5,000,000 should be expended
from the Treasury to begin this war? If this be
done, what will be the consequence? The Indians
will not be embodied to meet you. Your troops
will hear that in some direction there is a Caman-
che, or a Kioway, or an Osage camp, and they
will advance upon it with "all the pomp and cir-
cumstance of glorious war." A morning gun will
be fired as a signal to rise and prepare for the
march. On such an occasion, with the bus;le
sounding in advance, how beautiful must be the
reflection from the arms and banners floating in
the prairie! That is to be the spectacle which is
to amuse or drive the Indians ahead. They are to
meet the Indians on a trackless waste. You might
as well pursue the course of a ship's keel on the
ocean as to pursue the Indians of the prairies.
They would disperse, and your Army would be
left there; and they, perhaps, surrounding you, in
the distance, and laughing at the glorious pomp
with which you were marching through their
prairies. You will not get them to embody; and
if you could, they would show you their power.
If you take men there, and make a display with-
out efficiency, you provoke their ridicule and
supreme contempt.
But, Mr. President, the course which has been
pursued, since the days of William Penn to the
present moment, has not been entirely successful
in conciliating the Indians. Under the manage-
ment of Washington, of the first Adams, of Mad-
ison, of Monroe, of the second Adams, of Jack-
son, and of Polk, we have, with few exceptions,
been very successful in maintaining peace with
them. The suggestions made by our fathers, in
relation to their civilization and humanization, are
exemplified and illustrated in the present condi-
tion of the southern tribes, who have received the
greatest benefits of the light shed on them; and
they have responded to it by the cultivation of
mind, by the development of resources, both
physical and intellectual, which reflect luster on
their character. Cannot the Indian now be influ-
enced in the same way, by the same means? Have
we no landmarks to guide us? Have we not ex-
perience to teach us? Have we not humanity to
prompt us to march on in the path which is already
laid out before us?
Sir, how different is the policy now pursued
from what it once was ? I must read, for the in-
struction of the Senate, an extract from the last
annual report of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
j fairs, and I beseech their attention to it, because
I it contains more good sense and reflection than I
[ could impart in the same number of words. It
' will be necessary, in the examination of this sub-
! ject, in relation both to the Indians and the Army,
| to see in what manner they harmonize with each
| other, and how far the one is necessary to the suc-
| cess of the other. The Commissioner of Indian
| Affairs, in his report to the Secretary of the In-
! terior, describes a transaction to which I wish to
| call attention:
! " As heretofore reported to you, an association of per-
| sons has undertaken to appropriate to their own use a por-
j tion of the land ceded by the Delawares, fronting on the
; Missouri river, and south of Port Leavenworth; have laid
j out a city thereon, and actually had a public sale ot the lots
] of the samp on the 9th and 10th of October last. These
j unlawful proceeding* have not only taken place under the
| eyes the military officers stationed at the fort, but two of
| them are said to b<; members of The association, and have
; been active agents in this discreditable business. Encour-
aged by these proceedings, and prompted by those engaged
in them, other persons have gone on other portions ot the
tract ceded by the Delawares in trust to the United States,
and pretend to have made, and are now making, such
' claims5 as they assert will vest in ihem the lawful right to
enter the land at the minimum price under the preemption
law of July 2*2, 1854."
This is a specimen of the aid and succor afforded
by military commanders to the agents to maintain
and preserve peace among the Indians. These
are the gentlemen to whom the agents look for
cooperation in the discharge of their duties, and
to afford equal protection to the Indians against
aggressions from the whites, as to the whites
against aggressions from the Indians. Such a
transaction as is here disclosed is an act of unmit-
igated infamy in the officers who have lent them-
selves to it. I hope the Executive, in the pleni-
tude of his power, and in the exercise of a wise
and just discretion, will erase their names from
the records of the country, and redeem our annals
from infamy so blackening as this. Think, sir,
of an officer wearing an American sword, adorned
with American epauletts, the emblem of office and
the insignia of honor and manly pride, degrading
himself by a violation of the-faith of his Govern-
ment, rendering him a disgrace to the uniform
which he wears and the earth upon which he
treads!
It will be recollected that the Delaware Indians
owned one million eight hundred .housand acres
of land. They ceded one million three hundred
thousand acres to the Government of the United
States for $10,000, reserving to themselves the
land on which the city referred to has been laid
out, on the banks of the Missouri. They confided
five hundred thousand acres to the Government of
the United States, as they could not themselves
dispose of it, except to the Government; and, be-
lieving that it would be a source of wealth and in-
dependence to them, they have granted it to the
Government, in trust, to be sold by the Govern-
ment, the right of possession remaining in them
until it should be disposed of. It appears, from
the commissioner's report, that persons have gone
and taken possession of this land. If they have
not done so, they ought to be vindicated aeainst
the charge. I regard it as authentic and official,
and until it is controverted, I have nothing to ex-
tenuate; nor do I set down aught in malice. Jus-
tice requires me to state the facts.
Mr. President, I said to the Senate, on a former
occasion, that eighteen tribes of Indians had been
located by this Government within the limits of
the present Territories of Nebraska and Kansas,
and that most of them had been removed there
from the east of the Mississippi. They were
| located there under the faith of solemn pledges,
! that while grass grew, or water ran, or the earth
brought forth its fruits, they should remain on the
lands assigned to them unless they chose to aban-
don them, and that they should not be included
within the boundaries of any State or Territory.
Notwithstanding this, these Indians were em-
braced within the Nebraska and Kansas bill.
They were taken in—yes, sir, as strangers are
sometimes " taken in." What is now their con-
dition, and what must it be in after time ? On this
point let the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
speak. In his recent report he says, in reference
to the Nebraska and Kansas Indians:
"In the recent negotiations for their lands, the Indians
dwelt upon the former pledges and promises made to them,
and were averse generally to the surrender of any portion
of their country. Tb«y said that they were to have the
land " as Jong as grass grew, or water run,55 and they feared
the result if they should consent to yield anv part of their
possessions. Woen they did consent to sell, it was only
on the condition that each tribe should retain a portion of
that tract as a permanent home. All were unitedly and
firmly opposed to another removal. So fixed and settled
was this idea, that propositions cleariy for they interest
were rejected by them.
" The residue of the tribes who have recently ceded their
lands should, therefore, be considered (subject, m a frw
caj.es, to a contraction of limits) as permanently fix^d.
Already the white population is occupying the lands be-
tween, and adjacent to, the Indian reservation®, and even
going west of and beyond them; and at no distant dav all
the country immediately to the west of the reserves, which
is worth occupying, would have been taken up. And thru
the current of population, until within a few years, flowing
only from the East, now comes like an avalanch from the
Pacific coast, almost overwhelming the n digenou^ Indians
in its approaches. It is, therefore, in my judgment, clear,
beyond doubt or question, that the emigrated tribes in Kan-
sas Territory are permanently there—there 10 bf: thoroughly
civilized, and to become a consistent portion of the popu-
lation; or thereto be destroyed and cxteiminated. What
a spectacle for the view of the statesman, philanthropist,
Christian—a subjcct for the most profound consideration
