1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
Biid reflection! With reservations dotting the eastern por-
tion of the Territory, there they stand, the representatives
and remnants of tribes once as powerful and dreaded as
they are now weak and dispirited. By alternate persua-
sion and force, some of these tribes have been removed,
step by step, from mountain to valley, and from river to
plain, until they have been pushed half way across the
continent. They can go no further; on the ground they
now occupy the crisis must be met, and theirfuture determ-
ined. Among them may be found the educated, civilized,
and converted Indian, the benighted and inveterate heathen,
and every intermediate grade. But there they are, and as
they are, without standing obligations in their behalf of the
most solemn and imperative character, voluntarily assumed
by the Government. Their condition is a critical one; such
as to entitle tliem not only to the justice of the Government
but to the most profound sympathy of the people. Exter-
mination maybe theirfate, but not of necessity. Byaunion
of good influences and proper effort, I believe tliey may,
and will, be saved, and their complete civilization effected.
" Be that as it may, however, the duty of the Govern-
ment is, in my opinion, plain. It should fulfill, with the
greatest promptness and facility, every treaty stipulation
with these Indians; frown down, at the first dawning, any
and every attempt to corrupt them ; see that their ample
annuities are directed faithfully to their education and im-
provement, and not made the means of their destruction ;
incessantly resist the efforts of the selfish and heartless
men who, by the specious plans and devices for their own
gain, may seek to distract and divide them; require dili-
gence, energy, and integrity, in the administration of their
affairs, by the agents who may be intrusted with their in-
terests and welfare, and visit the severest penalty of the
law on all who may violate its salutary provisions in rela-
tion to (hem. Let these things be done; the cooperation
of the civil officers, magistrates, and good citizens of the
Territory secured, and the most active efforts of the friends
of the benevolent institutions now existingamong them, bo
brought into exercise for their moral culture ; and, by har-
monious and constant effort and action, a change may, and,
it is believed, will, be brought about, and Kansas become
distinguished as aland in which the complete and thorough
civilization of the red man was worked out and accom-
plished."
Sir, it is the violation of treaties and the bad
faith of the white man, and his aggressive course,
that cause the inquietude of the Indian, and v/e
feel it very much in the section of country in
which I live. There is a remedy; and that remedy
must be applied, or the Indians exterminated, at
an expense ten times beyond what would civilize,
in half a century, every red man who walks upon
the soil of America. I have seen tribes rise from
a state of barbarism to a condition in which they
ore as civilized in their institutions, in their reli-
gion, and in their social refinement and habits as
citizens of the United States; and all this has been
done within half a century. These things are as
possible now as at any former time; and a sum,
very easily calculated, less than the amount esti-
mated as necessary to raise these troops and sub-
sist them for one year, would civilize every Indian
on the continent, set him down on a piece of land,
and give him "a local habitation and a name."
Is it not worth an attempt? Is it not worth ac-
complishment? Sir, let me give you some expe-
rience in relation to Indians.
The United States have regiments in Texas, and
Texas is considered by some as a burden on the
Treasury. Texas, it is said, exhausts the Army
of the United States, and withdraws them from
more eligible stations to protect her frontier. I
will show you, sir, how that is. In 1843 and J844
Texas had a war on hand which had been brought
about by an invitation, at a former period, to
chiefs to come in and treat, when they were taken
prisoners, and a fracas ensued in which sixteen
were murdered. That took place in the year 1840,
and peacc was not restored until 1843, when the
head of the Government of Texas went about the
work of their civilization. He went into the wil-
derness, on the prairies, and there met the Indians,
who would not trust themselves within the tim-
bered land, nor near any place where there was a
possibility of ambuscade. A treaty was there
made, which not only stayed the tomahawk, and
the scalping knife, but preserved peace and safety
on the frontier until 1849. We were for six years
■without massacre, without conflagration, without
prisoners being taken. Not a Texan was killed
m that time by the Indians. One man was killed
near the Indian country, but whether by the Mex-
icans or Indians was a doubtful question; at any
rate he was not scalped.
Now, sir, how was this done? By what means?
By pursuing a policy which hsd been initiated
in 1836, but was disrupted in 1838, and a war
brought upon the entire borders of that young
Republic. The old policy was reestablished in
1843. Resistance was made to it, as there was to
every attempt made to establish a Government.
There was an attempt, on the part of some vil-
lains, to resist everything like order and organiza-
tion, and throw the Government into anarchy
and misrule; but it failed. These Indians had
been our enemies; they had been exasperated fur-
ther by unprovoked aggressions upon them, and
upon harmless traders; but the proper conciliatory
disposition soon won their regard and affection.
What was the expense of all this? I am almost
afraid to state it, for I fear it will not be credited
when we see the enormous estimates now made
for the expense of treaties with the Indians. Sir,
every dollar given to the Executive of Texas to
consummate these treaties, to feed the Indians, to
make presents, was just §10,000; an<l rendered
vouchers for the last cent. For this sum peace
was accomplished and maintained, the safety and
protection of our frontiers insured, and the In-
dians made peaceable and happy.
When Texas was annexed to the United States,
these Indians, on account of faith having been
maintained with them by the then Executive of
Texas, refused to meet and confer with the com-
missioners sent to them by the President of the
United States, until they had the sanction of the
Government of Texas; and the symbols of confi-
dence were put in the hands of the commissioners
before the Indians would treat with them. A
treaty was then negotiated. What was the his-
tory of it? One of the commissioners, a noble
and gallant gentleman, who afterwards fell aiChe-
pultepec, in Mexico, at the head of his regiment,
was too much indisposed to render any assist-
ance. His co-commissioner assumed the whole
business; and what did he do? He had the In-
dians' names signed with a mark on a sheet of
paper, had it attested, and brought it on here. He
made large promises to the Indians; he assured
them of an annuity of $14,000, to be paid annu-
ally, at a certain trading house; but when lie>
wrote his treaty (for he did not write it until he
came here, when he appended to it the sheet con-
taining the signatures,) it contained a provision
that they should receive barely $14,000 as a full
acquittal. It cost&G0,000 to negotiate this treaty,
as the records of the Treasury show. This is a
sum equal to the price of six yeara peace between
the Indians and the Government of Texas. Per-
haps, however, the people of Texas were better
then than now. Since that time they have been
associated with the people of the United States.
I simply state facts; 1 leave the inferences to
others.
Sir, if the agent appointed by Mr. Polk, who
has been restored by the present Executive—it is
a bright spot in his Administration, and I com-
mend him for it—had never been removed, there
would have been peace to this day on the borders
of Texas; but as soon as the Indian agent who
was appointed to succeed him went there, he
must forsooth establish a ranche; he must have a
farm. The Indians who had been settled there
from 1843 up to 1841), had been furnished by the
Government of Texas with implements of hus-
bandry, with seeds of every description, and they
were cultivating their little farms. They were
comfortable and independent. They were living
in perfect peace. If you can get Indians located,
and place their wives and children within your
cognizance, you need never expect aggression
from them. It is the Indian who has his wife m
security, beyond your reach, who, like the felon
wolf, goes to a distance to prey on some flock,
far removed from his den; or like the eagle, who
seeks his prey from the distance, and never from
the rocks about his eyrie. The agent to whom 1
have referred lost two oxen from his ranche where
he employed a large number of cattle. He went
to the officer in command of Fort Belknap, got
a force from him, and then marched to those In-
dians sixty miles from there, and told them they
must pay for the oxen. They said, "We know
nothing about your oxen; our people are here;
here are our women and children; we have not
killed them; we have not stolen them; we have
enough to eat; we are happy; we have raised corn;
we have sold corn; we have corn to sell; we have
sold it to your people, and they have paid us for
it, and we are happy." But, they were told, jj
" You must leave here." Theagentandthemili- !:
tary gentlemen scared off the Indians from the ii
limits of Texas, and drove them across the Red jj
river to the Wichita mountains, taking every j!
horse and animal they had to pay for the two :!
oxen. This was done by an accredited officer of !
the Government, and by another who disgraced II
the epaulets he wore 1 Are such things tolerable,
and to be tolerated in the present age and condi-
tion of our Government?
What was the consequence? Those Indians
felt themselves aggrieved. Tney saw that a new
regime had come; they had had the era of peace
and plenty, and now they were expelled by a dif-
ferent influence. They feltgrateful for the benign
effects of the first policy towards them, and that
only exasperated them to a greater extent against
the second; and they began to make incursions,
ready to take vengeance on any white men they
might meet in their neighborhood, and slay who-
ever they might find. They made their forays
from the opposite side of the Red river, from the
Wichita mountains, and came like an avalanche
upon our unprotected citizens. There is one fact
showing how your interference with the Indiana
within her limits has injured Texas.
There is another fact in connection with the
Indian policy of Texas which I shall mention.
How was it with the Wichita Indians? Texas
sought to conciliate them; they lived beyond her
borders, and made incursions from the limits of
the United States into Texas, while she was an
independent Republic. She did everything in her
power to bring about peace with them, and,
through the friendly Indians, was pacifying them
and pacificating their disposition. One of their
chiefs, with his wife and little child, and twelve
of 1ns men, came to Fort Belknap. Some one
hundred and fifty or two hundred miles west of
the fort, in Hanson's valley, property had been
stolen by Indians It was not known which
out of thirteen different tribes had taken it; for
outlaws occasionally congregated from each, halt
a dozen of tliem stealing off from their tribes, with
the influence of no chief operating upon them.
They were outlaws, careless of the destiny of
their tribes, and reckless of the crimes which they
might commit, so that they could gratify their
cupidity and recompense their daring. These
men had taken some property. Dragoons came
on in the direction of lied river, and reached Fort
Belknap. So soon as they arrived, the officer said
to this chief; " Sir, I retain you as a prisoner. It
is true, you came under a white flag; but I am an
officer; I have the power; I take you prisoner, and
you must stay here a prisoner until the horses are
brought back. Your men must stay, too, except
one, whom I will send to your tribe with intelli-
gence of the fact." The chief said: "My tribe
have not committed the robbery; it is a great
distance from me: it is in another direction. I
come from the rising sun; that is, towards the
setting sun; I was far from it; you are between
me and it; 1 did not do it." "But," satd the
ofiicer, "you are a prisoner." The officer put
him in the guard-house. Imprisonment is eternal
infamy to an Indian. A prairie Indian would
rather die a thousand deaths than submit to the
disgrace of imprisonment. You may wound and
mutilate him as you please, you may crush every
limb in the body of a prairie Indian, and if he
can make no other resistance, he will spit at you
when you come within his reach. This chief,
meditating upon his deep disgrace, knowing that
he was irreparably dishonored, unless he could
wash out his stains with blood, resolved thatnight
that he would either die a freeman or rescue him-
self from dishonor. He rose m the night. He
would not leave his wife and child in the hands of
his enemy; so he took his knife, and stabbed his
squaw and little one to the heart. Not a groan
was heard, for he well knew where to apply the
poignard. He went and shot down the sentinel,
rushed upon the superior officers, was shot, and
perished like a warrior, in an attempt to wipe a
stain from his honor. His men fled and returned
to their tribe, but it was to bring blood, carnage,
and conflagration upon our settlements. They
came not again as brothers to smoke the calumet
of peace, but with brands in their hands to setfire
to our houses. Contrast that with the previous
years; contrast it with the harmony which had
before existed, and you see the lamentable result
of sending, as Indian agents and Army officers to
take charge of the Indians,men who knownothing
about the Indian character, and who are either
broken-down gentlemen's sons, ot scamps and
loafers, or officers who are ignorant of everything
they should be acquainted with, in order to under-
stand Indian life.
Well, sir, how can Texas exp«et peace, how
