440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
can she expect protection to her citizens? Not
from your army. It has never given her protec-
tion; it is incompetent to give protection; and it is
a reproach to the country. 1 will not say to the
men who command it, for they are clever men;
but I say they know nothing about the Indians,
and I shall prove it. Texas deserves protection,
and she can have it if a rational effort be made to
give it to her, but not by your troops. What sort
of protection can she expect from hostile Indians
when the commanding officer of that military de-
partment agallantgentleman, who has borne him-
self nobly in the heat of battle, skillful in design,
bold and gallant in execution, and in all the mar-
tial arts replete, but amongst the Indians a perfect
novice, a mere child—has issued an order that no
Indian shall go within twenty miles of a fortress
on the frontier of Texas. Is not that smart?
[Laughter.] The Indians think," Very well, you
say the Indians shall lot come within twenty
miles of your forts, and we say your men shall
not come within twenty miles of us, or we will
shoot them." That is a pretty good notion for
an Indian; it is very natural. The boundary is
fixed by the white man, and the Indian lives up
to it.
Well, sir, there is a remedy for all this, and it
is very easy to apply it; but how are we circum-
stanced there? It is supposed by some that we
are deriving great aid from the Army, and that
the greatest portion of the disposable forces of the
United States is in Texas, and protecting it?
How can they protect us against the Indians
when the cavalry have not horses which can trot
faster than active oxen, and the infantry dare not
go out in any hostile manner for fear of being shot
and scalped! Can they pursue a party, who
pounce down on a settlement and take property,
and reclaim that property? Have they ever clone
it? Did the old rangers of Texas ever fail to do
it, when they were seated on their Texas ponies?
They were men of intelligence, and adroitness in
regard to the Indian character, and Indian war-
fare. Do you think a man is. fit for such service
who has been educated at West Point Academy,
furnished with rich stores of learning; more edu-
cated in the science of war than any general who
fought through the Revolution, and assisted in
achieving our independence. Are you going to
take such gentlemen, and suppose that by intui-
tion they will understand the Indian character?
Or do you suppose they can track a turkey, or a
deer, in the grass of Texas, or could they track
an Indian, or would they know whether they
were tracking a wagon or a carriage. [Laughter.]
Not at all, air. We wish, in the first place, to
have men suited to the circumstance. Give us
agents who are capable of following out their in-
structions, and who understand the Indian char-
acter. Give us an army, gentlemen, who under-
stand not only the science of command, but have
some notions of extending justice and protection
to the Indian, against the aggression of the whites,
while they protect the whites against the aggres-
sions from the Indians. Then, and not till then,
will you have peace.
How is this to be done? Withdraw your army.
Have five hundred cavalry, if you will; but I
would rather have two hundred and fifty Texas
rangers, (such as I could raise,) than five hundred
of the best cavalry you could raise. I would
have five hundred infantry, so placed as to guard
the United States against Mexico, and for scout-
ing purposes. I would have five trading houses
from the Rio Grande to the Red river for inter-
course with the Indians. 1 would have a guard
of twenty-five men out of an infantry regiment,
at each trading house, who should be vigilant and
always on the alert. Cultivate intercourse with
the Indians. Show them that you have comforts
to exchange for their peltries; bring them around
you; domesticate them, familiarize them with
yourselves. Let them see that you are rational
beings, and they will become rational in imitation
of you; hut take no whisky there at all, not even
for the officers, for fear their generosity should let
it out. Do this, and you will have peace with the
Indians. Whenever you convince an Indian that
he is dependent on you for comforts, or for what
he deems luxuries or elegancies of life, you attach
him to yoft. Interest, it is said, governs the \
World,and it will soon ripen into affection. Inter- i
course and kindness will win the fiercest animal I
on earth cxcept the hyena, and its spots and nature I
cannot be changed. The nature of an Indian can
be changed. He changes under adverse circum-
stances, and rises into the dignity of a civilized
being. If you war against him, it takes a gene-
ration or two to regenerate his race, but it can be
done. I would have fields around the trading
houses. I would encourage the Indians to culti-
vate them. Let them see how much it adds to
their comfort; how it insures to their wives and
children abundaut subsistence, and then you win
the Indian over to civilization; you charm him,
and he becomes a civilized man.
Sir, while people are seeking to civilize and
christianize men on the banks of the Ganges, or
the Jordan, or m Burrampootah, why should not
the same philanthropic influences be extended
through society, and be exerted in behalf of the
American Indian? Is not the soul of an Ameri-
can Indian, in the prairie, worth as much as the
soul of a man on the Ganges, or in Jerusalem?
Surely it is. Then let the American Government
step forward; let it plant the standard of regenera-
tion and civilization among the Indians, and it will
attract the imitation of the citizens in their phi-
lanthropic efforts. I am willing to appeal to the
venerable Senator from Michigan, who knows
what an Indian is, and what his disposition is,
perhaps more thoroughly than I do myself. To
him would I defer, but to no other man, for a cer-
tain and intimate knowledge of the Indian char-
acter.
There is another point in connection with the
dealings of the Government with the Texas In-
dians to which 1 will advert. There are the
Camanches of the woods, and the Camanches of
the prairie. The Texas Indians do not receive
their annuities in Texas, but they are brought into
Kansas, a great distance from us, where they re-
ceive the munificence of the Government in their
annuities, on the east of the Red river and the
Arkansas. What is the consequence ? They
believe Texas is not their friend or that the Fed-
eral Government, from their crude notions of it,
would pay them in Texas, and would not make
them travel over rivers, and through trackless
prairies, to receive their presents. They return to
Texas, not with feelings of respect for the benefits
they receive, but with contempt. This is bad
policy. You should distribute your presents to
the I exas Indians; in Texas. Her territory is
broad enough; her domain is fertile enough; her
character is high enough to justify you in doing
so. She has done much for hersell—more than
this Government has ever done for her.
In order to treat with the Indians properly, as
I have said, you should take away your troops,
except the portion I have stated. The Indians,
all but a tew tribes, the O^ages, Kiowas, the
Caddoes, and, I believe, some of the Osages, are
disposed to be hostile. As to the disaffection of
the Siouxs, I look on it only as an uprising to
resist aggression. They were fired on by artillery
and small arms, without provocation, and it is but
natural that they should resist. Theirs is not a
confederation to assail the whites, but to protect
themselves. I justify them in doing it. I am
sorry there is a necessity for it; but it I were upon
their border, and they proposed a confederacy to
repel cruelty and butchery, I would join them;
and he would be a dastard who would not.
When gentlemen speak of a war upon the In-
dians, have they considered the consequences?
You may succeed in killing their women and chil-
dren, but it is a remarkable fact that you kill but
very few of the warriors. Those who march with
martial display upon the Indians, find them to-
night at one point at dark; they may see the smoke
of tneir fires; and at dawn to marrow they will be
fifty or seventy miles away, with their caravans,
and every child and woman, not even a dog bein 
left behind. What army that you could send of
three thousand men, or any other number, c.ould
effect anything by making war upon the Indians?
Why, sir, it would be like the redoubtable exploit
of the celebrated King of France, who " with forty
thousand men marcned up a hill, and then marched
down again." [Laughter.] Yes, sir, that I pre-
dict would be the hisiory of such a campaign.
To accomplish the object here contemplated, it
is proposed to spend §5,000,000. As I have said
before, that amount of money would civilize every
Indian on the continent, if you sent men of intel-
ligence and capacity among them to do it. I have
been delighted with the reports which I have had
the opportunity of glancing at, accompanying the
annual report of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs. One from a gentleman who now occupies
a seat in the other House, [Mr. Whitfield,] grat-
ified me exceedingly. I have had the pleasure of
seeing him but once since my arrival. I knew
him, when a youth, m Tennessee, and hehasmore
than met my expectations; though then they were
not indifferent. He has proved himself to be a
man of fine perceptions, of excellent judgment,
and of good heart. He has capacity to treat with
and to reclaim the Indians; and, I doubt not, that
he and other gentlemen who could be associated
with him, could go to the Indians with five hun-
dred troops, if you please—not march through th«
Indian country, but send word to the chiefs; let
them know they had aforce,and there isnotachief,
who has had any relations with the United States,
but would come forward willingly, make treaties,
and maintain them in good faith. But you must
establish trading houses; you must protect them,
and then you may command the Indians abso-
lutely, and you will have no murders upon your
roads.
Sir, would it not be much wiser to send a few-
wagons with presents than to send an army ?
Would not the object be effected much sooner by
sending commissioners under the control of the
Government with presents? The Executive and
Senate are the treaty-making power, and all that
is necessary for Congress to do, is to make an
appropriation for the purpose. Would it not be
much easier to take a few vehicles to transport
presents to the Indians, and would not the object
of attaining and preserving peace be much sr.oi.er
effected in this way than by an army? While
you were clothing and equipping your army, and
marching it there, the Indians might kill half the
people on the frontier. Your army would have
to march thousands of miles to reach them ; but
commissioners could go quietly along, with four
or five hundred troops, or as many as might bs
necessary ; I would leave that to their discretion;
I would select men of capacity for fighting as well
as for treating. Send such men, and there will
be no trouble m bringing about peace. My life
upon it, five millions of dollars would suffice to
civilize every Indian who has ever been in trealy
with the United States, and settle him in a quiet
and comfortable home.
Some time since the present agent in Texas was
ordered to lay off a section of country in that
State for the use of the Indians. He did so. H«
said to the fierce Camanches, "Come here, my
brothers, and settle down." They have done so.
The Indians to whom I before alluded, who were
driven off by the former agent, after robbingthem
of their horses, upon the assurances given at the
return of the present worthy and intelligentagent,
faithful to his trust, came back in perfect confi-
dence, and set themselves to building their houses
to shelter their women, old men, and children,
while the warriors went out to kill game. There
they are. The southern Camanches went within
I the border, and said, "Let us settle;" but they
were immediately told, through the influence of
the Army, I suppose, that they must not settle
there. I saw, not long since, a letter from a most
intelligent gentleman, who said that the officer at
Fort Belknap, with three companies of rangers,
and two of regulars, was daily expecting to make
a descent on the poor Indians who had been set-
tled there by the agent, under the pledges of the
Government, which promised them that they
should have a country where they shoufd throw
away tne arts of the wild and the red man, and
become domestic, agricultural, and civilized in
their pursuits. They have acquiesced in that pol-
icy of the Government, but are in constant dread
lest the military gentleman in command of the
fort, m order to gam laurels and acquire glory, and
do honor to his profession, may make a descent
with the regulars and volunteers, or rangers, upon
the poor Indians. If intelligence of such a deecent
should arrive, I should not be surprised. 1 shall
be distressed, to be sure; but it will only be one
of a thousand distresses which I have felt at the
wrongs inflicted on the Indians.
I have before spoken, Mr. President, of the talk
as to the Army being applied to the defense of
Texas. What is the efficiency of that Army?
There are three companies at Fort helknsp.
What force do you suppose they have ? Ti.ey
have the incredible amount of efficient forccj (and
