442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
bills, now pending in "Congress, be passed, it will be found
too intf to organize a tegular enlisted force, and place it m
P 'HIkmj m &ea-on to prevent ihe anticipated attack, or to
suppress it until after much mischief shall have been done.
The only course now Jolt to the Department m anticipation
or the proposed increase, is the employment of a volunteer
force to cooperate with such of the regular troops as can be
collected tor the present emergency, and it is accordingly
recomuu-nded that authority be asked of Congress to call
into service three thousand mounted volunteers, to be
organized into companies, squadions and battalions, and
to serve tor a period of eighteen months, unless sooner dis-
charged."
Thus, we find ourselves informed by the Secre-
tary of War that the danger is so imminent as to
make it his duty, under the suggestions of the
President of the United States, to ask Congress
to place at, the disposal of the President an armed
force of three thousand volunteers, in order to
preserve the peace, defend the frontier, and protect
the lives of our citizens. Now, sir, I ask you, and 1
ask every Senator here, whether we are prepared to
take the responsibility of presuming to know more
upon the subject than those whose peculiar busi-
ness it is to be informed upon it? Has the Pres-
ident of the United States misinformed Congress?
Has the Secretary of War misrepresented the
facts of the case ? If so, there may be some justifi-
cation or pretext for setting aside the recommen-
dation which he makea; but he tells you, under
all the responsibilities which attach to him, not
only as a gentleman, but as a person high in the
confidence of this Government, that he*has such
information, derived from various sources,as ren-
ders it perfectly certain to his mind, that such a
force us we propose to grant is essential to the
preservation of the peace, the honor, and the safety
of the country. Are gentlemen prepared to take
the responsibility of setting aside this testimony,
and, without any better meaisof information than
is possessed by the President and the Department
of War, say ihey will not grant to them that
which they ask?
Mr, President, ever since I have had the honor
of a seat in tins body, I have been a member of
the Committee on Military Affairs; and from the
first session I have been here, if I am not greatly
mistaken, the committee have been urging on the
Congress of United States, the importance, the
necessity, of an increase of the Army. If you
will refer to the reports and speeches made by the
chairman of the committee, you will find that he
assumed the very ground which is now occupied;
and the very contingency which he predicted, is
now upon us. You were told three years ago—
and the warning has been reiterated at every ses-
sion since then—that unless you increased the
Army, and gave the Department men enough to
protect the frontier, Indian hostilities would in-
evitably be the result. i\ow, when they are upon
us, gem/emen stand back and say they will not
furnish the force immediately necessary, but will
allow an increase of the regular Army, if that
increase of the regular Army could be immedi-
ately rendered efficient and available, I should,
myself, be in favor of that plan; but the Secretary
ot War pays it is impossible to organize regular
forces and bring them into the field m time to avert
the impending storm. If there be any blame
attaching to anybody for the present condition of
things, it attaches to the Congress of the United
States, and not to the President, or Secretary of
War, and certainly not to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, of which I am an humble member.
We have asked you, from year to year, to increase
the Army, expre>sly on the ground that, in its
existing organization, in point of numbers, the
Army is, and has been, wholly insufficient to
afford to the frontier that protection which the
emergencies of the country require. Now, when
the misfortune is upon you, when the calamity is
at your door, you retreat and fall back on the
proposition which you have rejected for the last
three years.
Sir, v/e are told by the President and his Secre-
tary of War, that they learn with certainty, from
the most reliable sources—from officers of the
Army, Indian agents, and others—that such a
combination is going on among the Indian tribes
on the frontier, as to make it indispensable for our
peace and safety to send an armed force there
speedily. Suppose we refuse to accede to the
proposition which they make, and the calamity
which is apprehended should come upon the
"wintry, and biood-shed, massacre, and slaughter,
the butchery of women and children, should be
the result, I wish to know who is ready to take
the responsibility? For myself, sir, I am not
ready to take that responsibility. If that blood is
to be upon the skirts of anybody, let it not be upon
mine. And, when the Senator from Texas speaks
so feelingly and eloquently of the wrongs per-
petrated upon the red man, I would that I had a
power and an eloquence equal to his, that I might
portray some of the cruelties, some of the enor-
mities, and some of the barbarities which his
cherished red men have perpetrated upon white
American men, women, and children, whom they
have slaughtered in cold blood. There is no tear
of sympathy for the white man, and for his wife
and innocent children slaughtered by the savages;
but there are rivers, oceans, of tears for the wrongs
of the red man.
1 am not here to legislate for Indians. I am
here to legislate for white folks and negroes, and
not for Indians. I have no Indian constituency,
and 1 confess that I have no great sympathy-for
them. When I remember their barbarities in my
own State, when I see there the graves made by
their hands, this heart of mine has no warm, im-
pulsive feeling for them; I would do them no
wrong; I would give them all the protection which
can be accorded to them; but I would protect our
own citizens againstthem. They should perpe-
trate no outrage upon our citizens if I could avert
it. Now, when they are banding together, and
organizing themselves into a formidable force of
eight thousand or ten thousand warriors, and we
come here and ask that a force of three thousand
volunteers shall be sent there to protect American
citizens, we are told that it is nonsense; that there
is no use for it at all, and that if we send a few
traders there, and do not send any whisky, and
bring the Indians around our posts, cultivate
peace with them, and keep our army at home,
there will be no trouble. Well, sir, lam not a
military man, as you know, anil 1 should not pre-
tend—I suppose it would be a piece of arrogance
in me—to differ from the distinguished Senator
from Texas; and I do not, therefore, advance any
opinion of my own on the subject; but I take the
opinion of the President of the United States and
his Secretary of War, and I state that as against
the opinion of the distinguished Senator from
Texas.
The Senator says, that all we have to do with
the Indians is, to cultivate peaceful relations with
them. Well, sir, has not that been the policy of
this Government ever since we have been a Gov-
ernment? He certainly knows that. He knows
more of the Indian character than I know, expect
to know, or ever desire to know—for I have no
particular affinities for them. He says, himself,
that he knows more about the Indian character
than any man now living, except the distinguished
Senator from Michigan. I believethatto be true,
and therefore I shall not be guilty of the temerity,
1 the rashness, the insolence, if you please, of
daring to express an opinion adverse to that of
the distinguished Senator from Texas in regard
to Indian character. But I shall be permitted to
say, (and I hope I shall not expose myself to his
anathemas in saying it,) that I think all our efforts
at civilization have, to say the least of them, been
crowned with limited success. JVIy opinion—not
entitled to much consideration I grant—is, that
you may exhaust all the stores of benevolence,
you may exhaust all the stores of human sympa-
thy and human kindness, in your attempts to civ-
ilize the Indian, and at Jast he will bean Indian
still. But grant that the estimate formed of them
by the Senator from Texas be correct. While
you are attempting to civilize them, if you see
them banding together in a hostile attitude, in a
manner calculated to alarm the fears of the coun-
try, will you, under a vague and indefinite notion
of sympathy, stand back and refuse to put your-
selves in a position to defend yourselves against an
attack, if it shall be made upon you ?
Something has been said about the danger of
sending out volunteers. I do not remember who
said that; but I ask the question, and I would like
some Senator to tell me, where is the difference
between that and raising new regulars and sending
wu1 ?Uo are a^ra^ to sen(* volunteers"
Why. Because, you say, they are impetuous,
they are headlong", they are impulsive; they go
out to fight, and fight they will. Well, then, if
fighting Jtten are not wanted we ought not to raise
them, but who is to command them? Are they i
not to be under the same man ? Are they not to
be under the control, and direction, and govern-
ment of the very men who command the regular
force? The honorable Senator from Virginia rec-
ommends that we shall, at once, raise two regi-
ments, to be regulars, and send them upon this
duty. He is afraid to trust the impetuous charac-
ter of the volunteer. In what will one of these
new regulars differ from a volunteer? He will be
a new recruit taken from just the same line that
the volunteer comes from. He will be a volun-
teer, in one sense, for five years, while the others
would be volunteers for eighteen months. I ask
you, if you have a particle more protection against
the enthusiasm of character in the volunteer, in
the one case than in the other. If you want to
avoid this impetuosity of character, this excita-
bility of temperament, take your old regulars now,
and do not wait to raise new troops at two or
three months* warning, and send them out; be-
cause they will not have been in the service long
enough to have been drilled and trained; they wiil
not have seen duty enough to fit them for the calm
and quiet details of military life.
The Senator from Texas objects, again, to this
proposition. He says that this recommendation
is a pretext, and that it is to end in a war; and
he is utterly opposed to the proposition, because
he is sure that, if we send out three thousand vol-
unteers under the direction of the President, offi-
cered by officers of the regular Army, war must
inevitably result from it. That may be true, Mr.
President. I cannot tell. I should deplore it a 
much as that honorable Senator himself. But if
he has these fears and these apprehensions, is it
enough to shield him, is it enough to satisfy his
judgment and conscience, that it is not our duty
to afford protection to American citizens? You
are afraid that their impetuosity will lead us into
a war with the Indians. I may fear it, and de-
plore it; but that fear ia not enough to deter me
from giving protection to our own citizens. The
Indian war, he seems to think, is an error. Now,
sir, in view of that very fact, in view of that very
apprehension, the Committee on Military Affairs
submit to you a proposition—and what is it? It
is, that the President shall be authorized to ap-
point three commissioners. We do not pretend
to limit the President in theselection of those com-
missioners. Some have said that commissioners
have heretofore failed; that may be so; and that
they ought, to be taken from those who are con-
ected with the Indian Department. The hon-
orable Senator from Texas alluded to a gentleman
in the other branch of Congress from my State,
and said, send him theie. If I understand the
allusion—and I apprehend I do—I agree fully with
the Senator from Texas, and if I were the Pres-
ident of the United States, authorized to appoint
the commissioners, I should select that gentleman;
ana I am willing to trust and believe that the Pres.
ident will do the same thing. I have perfect con-
ndencem his capacity,and in hisknowledge upon
that subject, and his peculiar fitness for the posi-
tion. But, sir, it was to obviate the very danger
that the Senator from Texas seems to fear, that
we propose that the President shall appoint three
commissioners, either to go with the army, or to
precede the army. When we have taken the only
step which the Senator says it is necessary to take;
when we have taken the step which he says is
all sufficient; if that be true, then there is no danger
of war. His argument utterly fails, then, it seems
to me. He is afraid of war; and he says, send
commissioners. Very well; we agree to that; we
want to avert the war, and we propose to send
commissioners. But suppose they faip If they
succeed, all is right, all is well; we shall have
peace and quiet. But, Mr. President, suppose
they fail, and war, with all its atrocity, comes
upon us. ihen ( want to know where the respon-
sibility will attach ? 1
l am, Mr. President, as much opposed as anv
man to extending the power or the patronage of
the Executive arm of this Government. I am as
much opposed as any man to any conflict or inter-
ference between the separate departments of the
Government. While I would repulse, with every
means in my power, by indignation and protest,
and by all honorable means the slightest encroach-
ment upon the legislative departmert, or its func-
tions by the executive, I would, at the name time,
fletenrf the executive in the proper disi-.l>ar«e of
its functions. The President has performed his
