1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
duty to the country, under his responsibility, so
far as this recommendation goes, and I mean to
stand by it, in its spirit and in its letter. If he is not
informed; who oughj. to be informed? He is a
sworn officer of the Government as you are and I
am; and if we take it upon ourselves to disregard
his warnings, and the admonitions and testimony
which he sends here, I think we shall be taking
a very dangerous step—one that may involve us
in difficulties, and lead to melancholy disasters.
The Senator from Texas spoke, with his usual
feeling and eloquence, of the wrongs committed
upon the Indians. He gave us a beautiful treat-
ise upon Indian faith and Indian character. I have
no doubt, Mr. President, that this very address
which has been delivered to us to-day, will be
read in after time with infinite interest by many
who are yet unborn. I say, as a treatise, it was
beautiful, but he must allow me to say, with the
profoundest respect, that, in my opinion, it never
touched the question. What have we to do with
Indian character upon this subject? What have
we to do with the history of the Indians under the
administration of that distinguished Senator as
President of the Republic of Texas ? That is not
the question. Those things have passed away,
and are become part of the history of the country.
We may read them with infinite pleasure and de-
light, as we do; but, sir, it is a very feeble argu-
ment (I say itrespectful!y)againsttheproposition
made to raise g force to save the country from the
horrors of Indian barbarity and bloodshed.
The Senator says, if you want to preserve
peace with the Indians in Texas, you must not
take them away to a distance to pay them their
annuities. I know nothing about that. You may
pay them anywhere you please; and if the Sena-
tor will satisfy the President that it is best to pay
them in Texas, I take it for granted the President
will have it done there; but, to save my life, I
cannot see the difference, whether the annuities
are paid on the one side of the line or the other.
It is enough for them to know that they get the
money, and that this Government has acted in
good faith, and carried out their treaty stipula-
tions.
He says, however, that another difficulty arises
in the defense of the frontier, which gives us a
great deal of trouble—the utter incompetency or
imbecility of that particular branch of the service
which appertains to the command of the Army
there. I am not sure that I know who is in com-
mand there; but if I do, it is Persifer Smith. The
Senator pays a very high and deserved compliment
to the military service and the distinguished ability
of Persifer Smith as a military leader and hero;
but, after all, while he knows everything about
civilized warfare, when he comes to whipping In-
dians he is a mere child. That, I think, will be
news to the people of Texas. I do not know how
that is; but if he is incompetent for his situation,
the President ought to remove him; that is the
President's duty. If he is not fit for the place,
let the President be advised of it, and send some
man there who is competent. I take it for granted,
however, that Persifer Smith is competent for any
military position which may be assigned him either
in civilized or savage warfare; and 1 think I should
be willing to trust him; but if he is not, recall him,
and send somebody else.
The Senator wants to protect the frontier, as
everybody does, and he gives u« his plan. Now,
Mr. President, 1 like that plan pretty well in some
things, and in others I do not exactly see how I
can reconcile the various positions he assumes.
He says he can protect the emigrants, in the first
place, how? By starting three trains at an in-
terval of a hundred miles apart, putting two hun-
dred and fifty soldiers to each train. Well, sir,
that will take seven hundred and fifty soldiers upon
the line to California, and an equal number of
seven hundred and fifty upon the line to Oregon.
Then you have fifteen hundred men raised, for
what purpose? Raised for the identical purpose
ihat the President recommends in his message,
and there the President and the Senator from
Texas agree precisely. The President says, and
the Secretary endorses him, he wants to prevent
this Indian war, these Indian aggressions, and
afford protection for the emigrants. They ask for
three thousand men to do all this. The Senator
from Texas says fifteen hundred men will protect
the emigrants. Admit it to be true, and I have no
doubt it is true, then the Senator from Texas, and
the President, and the Secretary of War concur,
at least, in that particular. The remaining fifteen
hundred, I presume, the Senator says ought not
to be raised. Why not? He admits protection
is wanted upon the border of Texas; he admits
that protection is wanted elsewhere.
Then is it not going a little too far to say, that
the additional fifteen hundred, outside of the fifteen
hundred that he accepts for the emigrant trains,
is too large a force for that purpose? The only
difference between the recommendation of the
Senator from Texas and that of the President, is
between fifteen hundred and three thousand men;
and I will show, from the Senator's own remarks,
that the number which he advocates would not do.
He wants fifteen hundred men to protect the emi-
grant trams to California and Oregon. Then he
tells us about a massacre that occurred in Oregon;
and what does he tell us? What was the cause of
that massacre, or rather, why was it not averted
and prevented? lie tells us that we had but four
men in the fort on duty. There is an argument
that cannot be answered in favor of increasing the
Army.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the Senator will permit
me, there are several inaccuracies in his apprehen-
sion of what 1 said. He says that the cause of
those Indians breaking the ferry house, was that
there were but four troops in Oregon. It was not
at all a want of atrocity on their part; but at the
fort at which the agent took up his residence there
were only four men; and when they had unneces-
sarily and improperly brought on a war, the in-
habitants had to suffer from it, as they had no
defense there of a regular military force.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The point is the
same, and the point which I make is this: If we
had had a sufficient military force there, that mas-
sacre would have been averted; and that very
argument shows to my mind, conclusively, the
necessity and importance of increasing your mili-
tary force. When you rely upon your regular
force, it is found to be insufficient. The President
tells you, through the Secretary of War, that you
cannot rely upon the regular force, because they
cannot be brought into the field in time to avert
the danger.
But I think the figures of my friend from Texas
are a little wrong. lie is great on the Indians;
but 1 do not think his figures are good. He says
that he would give to each of these trains—each
train I believe to contain a thousand—two hundred
and fifty soldiers to protcct them. Then you
have two hundred and fifty soldiers for every
thousand emigrants. I understand that last yeur
there were twenty thousand emigrants; and if
you give two hundred and fifty Boldiers to each
thousand, instead of having an addition of three
thousand to your army, you will have five
thousand; so, that if the Senator's figures are car-
ried out and you make the calculation, you will
find that the three thousand will be a mere fraction
of the number necessary to protect the trains.
1 understand from the Senator from California,
[Mr. Wkller,] that ihey had as many as forty
thousand emigrants. Then,according to the ratio
assumed by the Senator from Texas, we must
have ten thousand volunteers to go there to pro-
tect them.
But, again, the Senator says that, our army is
already fourteen thousand strong, and I infer,
therefore, he is opposed to its increase. Without
an explanation, an improper impression might be
made upon the public mind in regard to it. Osten-
\ sibly the American army is fourteen thousand
strong; but what is the real army? What is the
actual force in service at any one time ? I under-
take to say, from the best information, I believe,
j having the authority of the greatest military cap-
tain, not only of this country but of the world,
that it does not exceed ten thousand men. A de-
| ficit of four thousand at least, will always be
found occasioned by death, expiration of time,
and desertion; and while the army is nominally
fourteen thousand, it is really not more than ten
thousand.
Mr. President, perhaps I have said as much as
I ought to say on this subject. I thought it due
to myself, and the committee, to vindicate the
course which we felt ourselves constrained to take.
I shall not be charged, I hope, with desiring to
favor the pretensions, or to carry out the views,
of the present Admmistiation. I «do not think
that there is any party in this question. It is
above party. It is a question respecting the
defence of the country; and, sir, I belong to that
class of politicians—and I hope ever to belong to
it—who are ready to vote the last man in the
United States, and the last dollar in the National
Treasury, to vindicate its honor, or to preserve
the lives and fortunes of its citizens. If i* takes
$3,000, I will vote them: if it takes $500,000,000,
1 will vote them; if it takes thirty thousand men,
or three hundred thousand men, to vindicate ihe
honor of the country, or to protect the lives of its
citizens, I am ready to vote them all, and take the
responsibility. I have said all that 1 intended to
say.
Mr. HOUSTON. The honorable Senator from
Tennessee, in the course of his remarks, has fallen
into several errors; he certainly has misappre-
hended me as to the import of my remarks about
the force necessary to guard the emigrants. I
estimated them, perhaps, at three thousand an-
nually; I do not care whether it be th -ee hundred
or three hundred thousand; but in proportion as
they are numerous, they will afford themselves
efficient means of defense; and, according to my
calculation, in twenty thousand there would be
furnished five thousand fighting men. Then, as
to a smallar force, if they were organized in the
march, a small addition of soldiers would be suffi-
cient to give them all the protection that would be
necessary. It is necessary to subdivide them into
such companies as can conveniently travel to-
gether, on account of grass, water, and other sup-
plies that they must procure on the prairies.
As to the Army and its efficiency, I remark, that
if the Army were filled up to the amount that is
necessary, it would take three times fourteen
thousand nominally, to furnish an efficient force
of fourteen thousand in the field. I estimate the
efficient force at about one third of the number
that appears on paper.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the Senator permit me
interrupt him ?
Mr. HOUSTON. With great pleasure.
Mr. SHIELDS. The legal or authorized force
ia a little over fourteen thousand, but the actual
force is about eleven thousand. That disparity
will always exist between the legal and the actual
force, owing to death, sickness, disease, deser-
tion, and the expiration of the time of enlistment.
In passing over the plains, to which the honor-
able Senator alludes, 1 understand from emigianter
that it would be impossible to take them together
in bodies of a thousand men. They have to go in
small parties, on account of grass, water, and
other necessaries; and the smaller they are, the
more convenient they are for the purposes of
traveling.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then, Mr. President, for
security, it will be necessary to keep encampments
in sight from Fort Laramie until they reach Cali-
fornia. If they are ever out of eight of a guaid
sufficient to protect them, they are liable lo depre-
dation. If small companies of only a hundred
men can thus travel, they will travel at their own
risk and go to their certain destruction, unless the
Indians are conciliated; and that shows the neces-
sity of conciliating the Indians. The honorable
Senator from Tennessee says that it is an impera-
tive necessity to send the army. He says if
the commissioners fail, you must have recourse to
chastisement, but if they succeed, the force of three
thousand men will be unnecessary.
The Senator kindly, and complimentarily said,
I had not touched the subject. I will not say the
same of him, for he has not only touched it, but
he has entered into it so profoundly that in ii3
depths he is undiscoverable. He was so profound
in his observations, that he went beyond our com-
prehension. But, Mr. President, my life upon it,
and I do not say it lightly, if from thiee hundred
to five hundred men were taken by the three com-
missioner; or, if they limited their escort to forty,
or fifty, or one hundred men, they would succeed
in conciliating every Indian on this side of the
Rocky mountains, if in the mean time the white
men do not commit aggression. If you send such
discreet men as I can select, you can keep peace;
and yet, upon the contingency that they may not
succeed, you are to go to the expense of an army.
But if we cannot keep up our present establish-
ment of fourteen thousand complete and effective
for actual service, with all the resources of this
nation, its increased bounty, and pay, and rations,
let us give up the army; let them go to more useful
