1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the gentleman will
do so; and I promise that I will not occupy five
minutes of the time of the House.
The SPEAKER. Has the gentleman from
Alabama withdrawn his objection ?
Mr. COBB. I have not.
Mr. WARREN. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I move a suspen-
sion of the rules to admit action upon the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. There ia already a motion
pending to suspend the rules, which will take pre-
cedence of the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
OEDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to make a short
statement to the House.
Mr. WARREN. I rose a moment ago to call4
for the regular order of business, which 1 now do.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness will be the call for reports of a territorial
character from the several standing committees.
Mr. RICHARDSON, Mr. Speaker, there are
a great many gentlemen here who have bills
which they want to have introduced for the pur-
pose of reference, if these bills are deferred
longer, and not introduced until a later period of
the session, then they cannot get action upon
them. I have felt, and I feel now, that by the
unanimous consent of the House—and for my
part I was willing to consent to it—one hour of
every morning should be appropriated for the dis-
posal of business by suspending the rules, &c.
i propose now to appropriate one hour for thai
purpose.
Mr. BOCOCK. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois allow me one moment?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly.
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) Is the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Illinois agreed to ?
[Cries of " Yes!" " Yes !"]
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House re-
fiolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of taking up
the territorial business according to the order of
the day.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Richardson] had the floor and was address-
ing the House in reference to the proposition which
he had made. In thatstateof things, without hia
yielding the floor, I rose and asked him to let me
say one word by way of explanation, and he did
so. Now my colleague over the way, [Mr.
Letcher,] cannot get the floor from me or from
the gentleman from Illinois, to make the motion
which he has submitted.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Virginia
[Mr BococieJ will recollect that the remarks made
by the gentleman from Illinois, and himself, were
entirely out of order, and that the motion of the
gentleman from Virginia, hisoolleague, ia in order,
and Us he demands the putting of his motion, the
Chatr, under the rule, feels bound to do it.
Mr. BOCOCK. I want to submit a proposi-
tion in reference to the public business.
[Cries of "Gluestion "Question !"]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I desire to make an
inquiry from the Chair on a point of order before
that motion is put. I desire to ask the Chair this:
If the House shall, fora fewmoments, refuse to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the purpose of taking up the territorial
business, will the motion which I submitted last
Monday, asking one day for the consideration of
the Senate bill in reference to the Texas creditors,
be in order? And after disposing of that, the
House can then go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for the purpose of trans-
acting territorial business?
The SPEAKER. In reply to the gentleman
from Kentucky, the Chair states that, under the
special order, it is the duty of the Chair first to
call for reports of a territorial character from the
committees; then—if there be any such—to dis-
pose of bills of a territorial character on the
Speaker's table. That being done, and the House
refusing to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, the House will be
brought back to the original business of the morn-
ing.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I hope the House
will, for fifteen minutes, refuse to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, so
that I may get a vote upon the motion to suspend
the rules, which I made last Monday, in regard to
the Texas creditors' bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am informed that my
friend from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] who now un-
derstands the nature ol the bill 1 asked to be con-
sidered, will withdraw his motion.
Mr. COBB, i do not withdraw my objection
upon any such ground; but I wish to have the
resolution disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Letcher] submits a motion that the
House resolve itselt into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] appeals
to the gentleman from Virginia to withdraw his
motion, in order that the House may take up the
joint resolution indicated by him some moments
ago.
Mr. LETCHER. I have been appealed to by
gentlemen all around to withdraw my motion, but,
I think, we had better take up the business set
apart for to-day.
The question was then taken on Mr. Letcher's
motion, and the House refused to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is there objection to the
consideration of the joint resolution for the relief
ot Dr. Kane?
Mr. WARREN. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness being called for, reports connected with ter-
ritorial business are iirat m order from the standing
committees.
Mr. CHANDLER- Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Arkansas [Mr. Warren] as object-
ing to the introduction of the jointresolution indi-
cated by me ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman as objecting.
Mr. BRECKiN RIDGE. I am not remarkably
well versed in the rules, but I am advised by a
friend who is, that the motion made by me last
Monday, in reference to the Texas creditors* bill,
and winch was entered on the Journal, is now in
order.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be in order so long
as there ia lerntorial business before the House.
Mr. HUN F. Would it not be in order, if the
House «gree to dispense with action upon territo-
rial business for an hour?
The SPEAKER. The House refuse to do
that; one objection being sufficient.
Mr. HUiN i\ I hope that the House will take
up the motion of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. breckinridge ]
Mr. JONES, oi Tennessee. I move to post-
pone the special order for one hour.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope that the House
will agree to the motion made by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] for 1 am satisfied
that we will economize time by so doing. We
may dispose of more territorial business in that
way than by persisting to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union immedi-
ately.
The question was taken upon the motion; and
the consideration of the special order was post-
poned for one hour.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up the joint resolu-
tion for the relief of Dr. Kane, and i move to sus-
pend the rules for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion already
pending to suspend the rules, made by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,]
which is the first business in order.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 wish to offer a
sifbstitute for the resolution f proposed last Mon-
day. I will state to the House, that if the motion
to suspend the rules is agreed to, I will call the
previous question, and we will then be able to dis-
pose of the matter in a few minutes.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will my friend allow
me to report a bill for the purpose of reference
merely ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will We no ob-
jection, if the House consents to it.
The SPEAKER. Some live or six gentlemen
have indicated their purpose to report bills for ref-
erence. is it the pleasure of the House that re-
ports should be made at this time?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist upon the regular
order of business.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, I move to suspend
the rules, then, for the purpose of introducing the
following resolution:
Resolved, That Senate bill No. 96 be made the special
order for the 5th day of February, and that debate in
Committee of the Whole Huu&e outdid bill, shall cease at
threeo'cloek, p. m., on that day, if* the committee fhall not
sooner come to a conclusion upon the same, and the com-
mittee shall then proceed to vote upon such amendments
as may bo pending and offered to the same, and shall th«-n
report it to the House with such amendments as mav have
been made to it by the committee.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to amend the
resolution by making the time for the special
order the 6tn, instead of the 5th day of Febru-
ary, which comes on Monday.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not yet
before the House; but only a motion made by the
gentleman from Kentucky to suspend the rules
for the purpose of introducing it.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. At the suggestion
of gentleman ar.ound me, I accept the modification
proposed by the gentleman from California, and
I will make the time for the special order the
6th day of February, instead of the 5th.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky, or the Chair,a question, whether
under the resolution the bill proposed to be made
the special order for one day, may not occupy a
week under the five-minute debate, to the exclu-
sion of all other business?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have no doubt
the House will dispose of it in one day, in some
form or other.
The question then being upon the suspension
of the rules,
Mr. SKELTON demanded the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
ayes one hundred and six, noes not counted.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE moved the previous
question upon the adoption of the resolution;
which was seconded, and the main question or-
dered.
The question was then taken; and the resolution
was agreed to.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted, and
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
THE KANE EXPEDITION AGAIN.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take up the joint resolu-
tion from the Senate with reference to the relief of
Dr. Kane. If there is any objection, I move a
suspension of the rules for that purpose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
1 he Senate bill referred to was then taken up,
and reported to the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania and the House will remember that no
disposition has yet been made of the resolutions
of the Pennsylvania Legislature. If it be the
pleasure of the House they will be referred and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOCOCK. It is not necessary to refer
them. I move that they be laid upon the table
and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. Speaker, I am sure
that if I could be allowed a hearing, simply by
way of explanation, this House would at once
adopt the joint resolution. Especially when I
state that the Legislatures of three States have
asked for its adoption, and that two committees
of this House, that of the Navy and that on Com-
merce, are ready to report in its favor; and more
especially when I state distinctly that it is not a
plan to add another link to an interminable chain
of exploring expeditions. And as there is a great
and most natural impatience to proceed to other
business, I promise to call the previous question
upon the passage of the joint resolution, so as to
give the House an opportunity to vote one way
or other on the question. I, of course, have no
doubt which way they will vote.
All know the origin of this expedition, and the
object of its repetition. The vessel ia supplied
