446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
gratuitously by Mr. Grinneil, of New Vork; is
commanded by Dr. Kane, of the United States
Navy, and the crew is principally supplied from
(he naval service of the United States. Mr.
George Peabody, a generous-hearted, true Ameri-
can, residing in London, contributed §10,000
towards the expenses of the expedition. Dr.
Kane bears with him direct instructions from the
Secretary of State, and letters have been trans-
mitted to the Danish and other Governments
having possessions in the direction of Smiths
Sound, requesting directions to their officers to
render all assistance to Dr. Kane's expedition, as
to a national vessel of this Government.
Dr. Kane's^instructions were to proceed directly
to that point, which constituted the ultima thule
of his former voyage, and, securing his vessel, to
take boats, sledges, &c., and by the direction of
Esquimaux and others, to press onward as far
north as possible, being careful to return to spend
the darkness of the winters of 1853 and 1854 in the
brig; then, in the spring of 1854, to push on to
the north of places he had previously reached, and
when he had deposited provisions, to return back
to the vessel at the close of the summer of 1854;
and having accomplished this, he was to return
directly home.
The last letter received from Dr. Kane was
written 23d July, 1853. He was then at what
sailors call the jumping-off-place," the utmost
extent of the Danish settlement, or Greenland.
He and his crew were in excellent health,and all
full of hopes of accomplishing a great result. At
that time, two hundred and sixteen icebergs were
seen floating about; these all indicated a very open
etate of the Sound above them, and, of course,
fair hopes of an easy passage from Baffin's Bay,
through Smith's Sound, into the Polar Sea. This
expectation, expressed by Dr. Kane, has been
fully sustained by the returned British ships and
the whalers from that region, who speak of 1853
as a remarkably open season. If gentlemen have
recently looked at the map of that part of the
world, they will recollect that Smith's Sound, or,
rath-r, Smith's Straits, forms a narrow passage
of about twenty-five miles in width, through which
the Arctic and Baffin's Bay, and, by the latter,
the Atlantic communicate together. The inten-
tion, then, was for Dr. Kane to take his brig, as,
of course, he did, through Smith's Sound during
the summer of 1853, and secure her under the lea
of some promontory at the entrance of the Arctic
Sea, on the east side of the sen arid the south Bide
of the promontory, if possible; and then, as I
have previously remarked, proceed by sledges,
boats, &c., &c., northerly, and, on reaching his
ship, he was to return, in the summer, through
Smith'd Sound to Baffin's Bay, the Atlantic, and
home.
Bat, it will be recollected that the winter of
1853-'4 was one of the most rigorous ever known.
Nothing on record exceeds the weather which was
experienced in the high northern latitudes. Such
is the testimony of the English expedition, such
the statement of all who have been into Baffin's
Bay since 1853. The whalers have been wholly
unable to reach their ordinary cruising grounds.
Thirty out of fifty of these whalers returned with-
out any oil, and most of the others succeeded in
taking merely enough oil to supply their binnacle
lamps. The result of the excessive cold has been
the entire blocking up of Smith's Sound. The
eouth winds blew up into its southern side the
floating ice, and the noith wind piled on top of
that accumulation the floating debris of the Arctic.
So that we fully understand that Smith's Sound,
through which Dr.Kane passed, in thesummer of
1853, north ward, to make his harbor on the south-
eastern side of the Polar Sea, was one impenetra-
ble ice field during thesummer of 1854.
Smith's Sound has been opened only three times
within the memory of man, and the severity of
the winter past, leads to no hope that it will be
open in the summer of 1855. The ice forms a
completely impassable barrier to his return. It
would be impossible to get through it, and no effort
that he could make would be sufficient to save
himself and his companions, without taking his
vessel around through Smith's Sound, or else to
have another vessel meet him at the head of Baffin's
Bay, or the southeastern part of Smith's Sound.
The provisions which Dr. Kane took out, were
only sufficient to supply the party up to mid-sum-
mer, 1855, and that with the utmost economy in
its use, and long dependence upon seals, bears,
reindeer, foxes, and fowl. Beyond the middle of
September, 1855, every soul of that expedition
must perish ot starvation, unless relieved by some
vessel sent to them.
I am aware that many persons will say, "If
Dr. Kane went after Sir John Franklin, and now
another expedition is to go after Dr. Kane, who
shall say that another may not be asked for to
look after that which we desire to have sent?"
The thought is natural. But care has been taken
in that regard.
Sir John Franklin either mistook or neglected
the orders which he received, to place signals and
monuments at his various places of landing, and
wherever he made a rest; and, also, at given
points, so that, whatever might happen to him,
his discovery, accidents, and suffering, should be
made public. He seemed to have placed few or
none such, and hence the utter fruitlessness of
search. Nothing of Sir John Franklin is found
but his bones and a few articles of his personal
property. He died, and made no sign; or, if he left
any monuments to indicate and secure a record,
they were not so conspicuous as to be discovered
by others.
Dr. Kane, aware of this, and made fully sensible
of the importance of such a course, made all proper
arrangements; so that, should he be sought, the
track, till the last mile of his onward voyage, or
the last moment of his effort, should be distinctly
made known.
The following is Dr. Kane's plan of procedure:
" On reaching the highest navigable point on the eastern
side of Smith's riound—and by navigable I mean wherever,
by utmost effort, our brig can be urged—we seek a harbor in
some indented cape, if possible, projecting into the channel
and opening to the south and wed. Such, both by theory
and experience, I deem be*t suited for a good protection
and an early liberation from the ice.
" Tell lather, tor i know that he jots down upon his
chart every clue to my whereabouts, that I will be disap-
pointed if I do not winter north of Cape Ilasherton, and
that at Cape Alexander or Cape Ilasherton, I will deposit
my cairn and boat, fur retreat. If I have to be sought for,
let parties reach one, or other, or both of these points, and
then divide into sledge and boat expeditions, which should
follow separately the sea-coast lines of Ellesmore and
Prudhoe's Islands. Somewhere upon these will be found
information or traces of my movements, and my point of
boat debarkation, should I meet an open water, will be
designated.
" ivjy preference will be to the eastern side of all water
courses, or the western coasts of all northerly trading
lands.
" Glass jars will be used for the deposit of papers. One
in the center of cairn, one foot from base; the other ten
feet from said center due north—true, and not magnetic.
Tins north will be further indicated by the traces of a fire—
a little anthracite coal cinder—or even three stones placed
in a line twenty feet from the center of the cairn, and so in
our computed meridian as to serve as a pointer or index of
the seat or" the deposit at ten feet distance. This deposit
will not exceed in depth one foot, and a stratum of stones
will, if possible, be placed six inches below. Even the
slight depth will require a pick ax ; we will not have time
for the three feet holes of our English friends."
You will see, then, that any expedition now to
be sent, will only have to proceed to the head of
Baffin's Bay. If Smith's Sound is open, it may
pass up into the edge of the Polar Sea, and then
reach the vessel of Dr. Kane. All the plans of
Dr. Kane lead to the full conclusion that he re-
turned to his vessel in September, 1854, with a
view of escaping into Baffin's Bay as soon as the
ice should open. He then would, of course, remain
on board during the winter of 1854 and 1855, as
he had done during the winter of 1853 and 1854.
When Dr. Kane left home, he made, to his father
and friends, something like the following remark
and suggestion: Do not be alarmed atevery rumor,
nor at a delay of one year; but if 1 am not at home
at the close of the season of 1854, then you may
ask Congress to look for me and my men. And
having thus made these arrangements, which would
lead him to hope for succor, he will, of course,
await it; and when the rescuing vessel shall ar-
rive, its commander will find outside, and below
the Sound, the indication of Dr. Kane's where-
abouts—some earn, some deposited glass vessel,
or, more probably, the American flag flying, and a
guard encamped at the flag staff. This is the only
hope of salvation to the gallant officer and his
picked crew. The British vessels were withdrawn
last June, so that Smith's Sound and its vicinity
are wholly unvisited, wholly provisionless.
Mr. Speaker, this expedition bears with it a
national character, most of the men belong to the
national service, and the report of its command-
ing officer must, by order, be made to the Wavy
Department. It is eminently due, then, to the
service, that we send a proper vessel to relieve the
en.
But, Mr. Speaker, these men are Americans,
our brethren, with all our privileges, all cur sym-
pathies; shall they vainly expect relief? I feel
that I should be doing injustice to the members of
this House, were I to urg:e it further. I desire to
say, however, that Dr. Kane is one of those rare
men who present themselves for usefulness and
admiration in channels that few navigate. His
life has been one of peril and enterprises, of noble
daring and patriotic devotion. He did, indeed,
volunteer in this glorious work, and when funds
were wanting, poured in every dollar of his
savings in life, and then went forth and lectured
to obtain some more. He goes without hope of
reward; shall he stay without hope of rescue?
And, Mr. Speaker, every man in that vessel
has claim upon our regard and our assistance.
They are doing honor to the nation. Let them
be rewarded.
I have spoken for my gallant, generous-hearted
townsman, because I know that any help for him
would be spurned that was not, also, for the
humblest man on board. I speak for him with-
out forgetting that there are at his home the
patient father, the anxious mother, and the loving
kindred—their sorrows and their anxiety are un-
obtrusive—but not a father here will be unmind-
ful of that relation, and rejoice that patriotism and
justice consent to the indulgence of human sym-
pathy.
I feel assured, Mr. Speaker, that if, instead of
a band of warm-hearted, noble-minded Americans
now suffering in that little vessel, hundreds of milea
from all habitable land, the sufferers were a band
of convicts escaped from some penal colony, the
spirit of humanity always manifested in this Con-
gress would release them from their distressing
position. So much would be due to true benevo-
lence. We, then,cantiot beastonished at the action
of the Senate on those resolutions; and no one can
be surprised at the alacrity of this House to vote
at once a hearty concurrence in the action of the
Senate.
I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be now put.
The main question being 44 Shall the resolution
be read a third time?" was put; and decided in
the affirmative.
The resolution was subsequently read a third
time, and passed.
Mr. CHANDLER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was passed, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report some bills, for the
purpose of reference only.
Mr.JONES, ofTennessee. Unanimous consent
is asked to report bills. I shall not object to any
bills offered in that way, with this understanding,
that none of them are to be brought back and put
upon their passage by a motion to reconsider.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Not by me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remark,
that if such should be the understanding, we can,
in twenty minutes, run off every bill in the House.
The Chair will so understand it, if there be no
objection.
No objection was made.
The following bills, introduced by Mr. Mc-
Dougall, were then read a first and second time
by their titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill releasing to the city of San Francisco
certain Pueblo lands, in pursuance of the decree
of confirmation of the commissioners to ascertain
and settle private land claims in the State of Cali-
fornia. Referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
A bill to provide an express mail overland, frora
St. Louis to San Francisco. Referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
THOMAS MARSTON TAYLOR.
Mr. WALLEV. I rise to fit question of privi-
lege. I desire to make a report from a committee
of conference.
The SPEAKER. That is in order.
Mr. WALLEY, from the committee of con-
ference on the part of the House, upon the dia-
