1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
agreeing votes of the two Houses upon the bill
for the relief of Thomas Marston Taylor, made a
report, by which it appears that the Senate recede
from their disagreement.
The report was then agreed to.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, introduced the following bill, of which
previous notice had been given; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary:
A bill to establish a uniform rule of naturaliza-
tion, and to repeal certain acts heretofore passed
en that subject, and for other purposes.
HON. WILLIAM B. W. DENT.
Mr. HILLYER. I hope the House will in-
dulge me one moment in making a personal ex-
planation. Two weeks ago, the genileman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Dawson] had the floor, and
called for the regular order of business, but, at my
request and solicitation, he permitted me to intro-
duce a resolution authorizing the Sergeant-at-
Arms to pay to the Hon. Mr. Dent, of Georgia,
now absent from the House, in consequence of
ill health, his mileage and per diem, tie did so
upon the assurance that the resoluiionl proposed
to introduce would consume but a moment of the
time of the House. However, upon its being in-
troduced, some question arose, and the yens and
nays being called for and ordered, and more time
being consumed than I supposed would have
been, the gentleman from Pennsylvania requested
and urged me to withdraw the resolution. As
his courtesy had permitted me to introduce it, I
felt bound to withdraw it, and did so. I now ask
the unanimous consent to introduce the resolu-
tion 1 now send to the Clerk's table:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-fit-Arms bo authorized to
pay Mr. VV. B. VV. Dlnt, who is confined at homo by hiek-
ness, hts mileage aiul per them lor th« present scsnion.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 object to the introduction
of that resolution.
Mr. HILLYER. I move a suspension of the
rules of the House for the purpose 1 have indi-
cated .
Mr. LETCHER. And on that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. PRATT. I should like to ask the gentle-
man from Georgia one question. Did Mr. Dknj-
leave his home during this session, or at any
time before its commencement, to come to Wash-
ington, with a view of taking his seat?
Mr. HILLYER. I have been informed that
Mr. Dent did leave his home to come to Wash-
ington, but that on his way he was taken sick,
and' was unable to proceed further, i cannot
vouch for this fact of my own knowledge. J am
sure, however, thuthis health is so bad as to pre-
vent his coming here and engaging in the trans-
action of the public business. Such is the fact
beyond all question.
The question was put on the adoption of the
resolution; and on a division there were—ayes
six'y-five 
Mr. RICHARDSON. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis, of
Indiana, and Wheeler were appointed.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
rejected—the tellers having reported ayes sixty-
nine—lees than two thirds of a quorum.
NAVAL BILLS.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Tiesohed, That Thursday, the 1st, Friday, the 2d. and
Saturday, the lid day of February next, be set apart lor the
consideration of bills of a public character, which have
been, or may be, reported from the Committee ou Naval
Affairs.
Mr. HOUSTON". I object to the introduction
of the resolution.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move a suspension of the
rules, for the purpose which I have indicated. I
am fully convinced that, unless something of the
sort proposed be done, the bills acted on by the
Committee on Naval Affairs will remain uncon-
sidered during this session. The business is im-
Cortantand urgent, and I hope the resolution will
e adopted. I demand tellers on the motion.
Tellers were appointed; unit Messrs. Grey and
Bocock were appointed.
Mr. BOCOCK. At the suggestion of some
members, I shall modify my resolution so as to
strike out Friday, which is objection day for pri-
vate bills.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
rejected—the tellers having reported—ayes forty-
six, less than two thirds of a quorum.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. STUART, of Michigan, it
was
Ordered) That leave be gr 'nted for the withdrawal from
the files of the Hou^c of the petitions and papers of Am-
brose RappeJIe and Mr. Ca^tello, in order that they may be
referred to committees of the Senate.
HEIRS OF WILLIAM VAN WART.
Mr. EDMUND80N, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported back Senate bill
(No. 34G) for the relief of the heirs-at-law of Wil-
liam Yan Wart, deceased, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the accom-
panying report, ordered to be printed.
CORRECTION.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 rise to a piivileged question.
Last Saturday, when the question was on the
passage of the French spoliation bill, I voted in
the affirmative, but I do not find my name upon the
record. 1 ask that it may be placed there.
There was no objection,and it was so ordered.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SINGLE I ON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill; which was read a first and second
time by its title, as follows, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means:
A bill for the benefit of tfie Post Office Depart-
ment and the Mississippi Central railroad.
The SPEAKER. With the consent of the
House, the Chair will make a suggestion, which,
if adopted, he is sure, will do away with the strug- j
gle now going on between members to get the
floor. It ia, that all bills for reference merely, be
now received. The reception will not consume
more than ten minutes of the time of the body. Is
that the understanding?
Mr. WARREN. Before that proposition is
executed, I have a resolution which I desire to
oiler.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair does not
make any proposition.
The bill was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. HENN. I rise to a point of order. I un-
derstand that no business is in order except the
introduction of bills for reference.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so under-
stand it.
Mr. HENN. Then I object to further proceed-
ings of this kind, and call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is motions to suspend the rules; and this kind
of proceedings are, therefore, in order.
VERIFICATION OF FOREIGN INVOICES.
Mr. RUFFIN. I beg leave to submit a reso-
lution for reference only.
Mr. MURRAY. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to make a report from the Commit-
tee on Printing:.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from New York cannot take the floor
from the gentleman from North Carolina for any
such purpose.
Mr. RUFFIN. It will only take a moment to
dispose of my resolution. The resolution I pro-
pose is in the following words:
Resolved, That the committee be instructed to inquire
what further legislation, if auv, is neces-sary to prevent
fraud m the verification of foreign invoices.
There being no objection, the resolution was
received and adopted.
COMMERCE WITH JAPAN.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution for the
purpose of reference. It is as follows:
Resolved, 1 That the recent naval expedition to Japan,
which resulted in the ir* aty concluded on the 31*t March la-t I
with that Empire, one of  rcar value in its consequences ;
to the commercial interest-! ot tlie country: and the dis- j
tinpuiihed officer in command, Comnmdiup M. C. Perry, j
who s-ucoesMuny conducted lite negotiation, id entitled to i
the thanks ol Congress. j
2. That the further extension of our commercial inter- I
course with the East is of primary importance to the people
of the United States, and it is the duty of our Government
to promote this object by taking measures for further treaty
stipulations, with a view to a more general extension to our
trade of the ports of Japan and China, and to stimulate
freer commercial intercourse with those nations.
Mr. ENGLISH. I object to the introduction
of that resolution.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move to suspend the
rules, to enable me to introduce it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the mover of that resolution, that he allow it to
go to the Committee on Foreign Affairs for their
consideration, and allow them to bring it up in
the House after their examination.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I stated in the outset
that I desired only to introduce the resolution for
reference.
Mr. ENGLISH. With that understanding, I
withdraw my objection.
The resolution was then received and referred.
EXTRA COMPENSATION TO CENSUS CLERICS.
Mr. ORR. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up from the Speaker's table
Senate resolution No. 30, for the relief of some
poor clerks. The whole amount involved will
not exceed $1,800.
The resolution was read by its title, as follows:
Joint resolution relative to the construction of
the laws for the allowance of additional compen-
sation of clerks in the Census Bureau.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. ORR. Will the House indulge me in an
explanation of one minute?
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House to allow the gentleman from South Caro-
lina to make a speech one minute long ? [Laugh-
ter.]
There being no objection,
Mr. ORR proceeded. The clerics now em-
ployed in the Census Bureau have been receiving
a compensation only at the rate of $1,000 per
annum since the 1st of July last; owing to the
interpretation which has been given to the civil
and diplomatic bill of last year. This will give
them only some §400 each. They are all picked
clerks, and the books we have received show ihe
industry with which they have pursued their
work. I move to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose of taking up the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. The civil and diplomatic
bill contains every dollar estimated for by the De-
partment for these clerks. There is no provision
there cutting off anything from the compensation
of the census clerks. It is in pursuance of the
estimates of the Department.
Mr. ORR. There is a provision in the civil
and diplomatic bill cutting off these census clerks
from their extra compensation after the 1st of
July last.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was in accordance with
the recommendation of the Department.
Mr. ORR. Exactly, but this resolution is to
remedy a defect in that recommendation.
The question being upon the motion to suspend
the rules,
Mr. ORR demanded tellers; and they were or-
dered; and Messrs. Edmundson and Pejjnington
were appointed.
Thequestion was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes ninety; a further count not being de-
manded.
So the rules were suspended, and the joint res-
olution taken up.
The resolution was read in extenso. It provides
that the act " making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1855, an'* for
other purposes," approved August 4, 1854, be so
construed as to extend to the clerks employed in
the Census Office the same additional compensation
as was granted under the act approved April 22,
1854.
Mr. ORR. The act of April, 1854, alluded to
in that resolution, increased the compensation of
the clerks in the Departments generally. It pro-
vided, however, that it should terminate on the
31st of June, so far as the clerks in the Census
Bureau were concerned. It was supposed at that
time that the work would be completed, but it
was not, and the clerks were continued at the ra e
of $1,003 per annum, under the provisions of a
former act of Congress, and they were paid out
of an unexpended balance for the benefit of the
