THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 30, 1855.
I trust the House will not excuse the gentleman
from Virginia from service upon the Committee
on Navai Affairs, and I do trust, after the state-
ment which has been made by my friend from
Virginia to this House, that some gentleman who
voted in the majority upon the motion to set apart
a day for the consideration of the business sug-
gested by him, and defeated that motion, will
move to reconsider the vote, so that the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs may have extended to it the
privilege asked of disposing of the important bus-
mess pressing before them.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Why does not
the gentleman from Alabama submit the motion
himself?
Mr. PHILLIPS. Would it be in order for me
to make that motion?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order,
unless by the unanimous consent of the House,
because there is already a special order now in
operation.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Upon the point of
excusing the gentleman from Virginia from fur-
ther service upon the Committee on Naval Affairs,
I have only one remark to make. I hope that my
friend wiii not be excused, and that he will with-
draw his application for excuse. I am satisfied
from what I saw in the House after I came here
this morning, and upon inquiries 1 made in regard
(o the motion which I intended to submit, to get
a day fixed for the consideration of the Texas cred-
itor^ bill, that the difficulty which the gentleman
from Virginia experienced in getting a day set
apart for the consideration of the business of the
Naval Committee arose, not from any indisposi-
tion upon the part of the House to dispose of the
business ready to be reported from thatcommittee,
but from the fact that he had fixed upon an unfor-
tunate day. I know that there are a great many
gentlemen upon the floor who had their hearts set
upon the day he had fixed for the consideration of
what they considered very pressing business. My
original resolution embraced the very days which
the resolution of the gentleman did, and I changed
the time in order to avoid any conflict or confu-
sion that might grow out of jt.
The SPEAKER. The consideration of the
special order was postponed one hour, which ex-
Fired some five minutes ago. The gentleman from
llinois f Mr. Richardson] insists upon the execu-
tion of the special order.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I hope the
demand for the previous question on my resolu-
tion will be entered upon the Journal.
The SPEAKER. That can be only done by
the unanimous consent of the House, if the gen-
tleman from Illinois insists upon the special order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I gave way for an hour
only to the consideration of business that did not
relate to theTerritories. 1 cannot depart from the
determination i then expressed. I a«k that com-
mittees be called m their regular order for terri-
torial business
The SPEAKER. Afterthe request of the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] is disposed of
the Chair will state the order of business.
Mr. ORR. f hope the gentleman from Virginia
may be induced to withdraw his request.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the conseut of the House
to make a brief statement in regard to this matter.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House to hear the gentleman from Georgia?
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit that what the
gentleman desires to say, has nothing to do at all
with the subject-matter before the House. • It has
no reference to any remark made by the chairman
of the Naval Committee in asking to be relieved
from the performance of his dunes. I earnestly
pray that there will be no more indulgence.
The SPEAKER- The Chair does not under-
stand for what object thegentleman from Georgia
has arisen—a matter which he can, pferh&ps, ex-
plain himself. The Chair does not know whether
he intends to submit a motion or not.
Mr. FLORENCE. I think that we ought to
sympathize with the gentleman from Virginia,
and not with the gentleman from Georgia*
29
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion to the gentleman from Georgia making his
statement.
Mr. SEWARD. A few days ago I made some
charges of rather a strange character against the
Naval Committee. At that time I was under the
impression that they were rather remiss in their
duties, as I had some business before them, in
which I felt considerable interest, that I considered
did not receive the attention which it merited. I
am sorry that my colleague, who is a member of
that committee, aid not afford me, at the time, the
explanation which he has subsequently done, as
it would have prevented the necessity of making
the remarks I did. I believe, that the Naval Com-
mittee have faithfully discharged their duty, and
have done all they could to present the business
before them for the consideration of the House;
but the time has been so much taken up with the
consideration of special orders, that it has been
impossible for them to present such matters to the
House as they desired to present. 1 hope the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs will
withdraw his application to be excused from fur-
ther service on that committee; but in anything I
have said, I do not wish to withdraw that which
I said the other day in leferenceto the Committee
on Foreign Affairs. [Lnughter.1
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. Is this
matter debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I understand thattwo
or three gentlemen have given their reasons to this
House why the Judicialy Committee are stronger
than the Naval Committee. 1 wish to know why
I may not lie permuted to show that there is more
patronage at the disposal of the Judiciary Com-
mittee than the Naval in the increase of the sala-
ries of judges and the division of States into new
judicial districts. Can I go on?
The SPEAKER, la it the pleasure of the House
that the gentleman from Illinois make a speech?
Several Members objected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 do not wish to
make a speech, but to make a personal appeal to
my friend from Virginia [Mr. Ijocock] to with-
draw his request to be excused from service on
the Naval Committee at this time. I ask him to
withdraw it for the present, and renew the request
in the morning, if, upon mature deliberation, he
thinks that he ought to do it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I earnestly trust that the
gentleman from Virginia will yield to the appeal.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 did not intend to say a word
further upon this matter. The House is, of
course, the best judge of what is intended by its
own action. 1 took my position upon a public
view of this question, and I looked at the matter
as it would appear to the public. I cannot con-
ceive that the action of the House would present
any other appearance to the public than that there
was something wrong in regard to the manage-
ment of the affairs of the Naval Committee. The
House are, of course,the best judge of that matter,
and they must act upon it as they think best.
The SPEAKER. The question now pending
is, " Shall the gentlemanfrom Virginia be excused
| from further service on the Committee on Naval
Affairs ?"
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative.
Mr. S TANTON, of Tennessee. I understood
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson"] to
I be willing, before he insisted upon the special order,
that 1 should simply call for the previous question
upon the adoption of my resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Illinois as insisting upon the spe-
cial order.
Mr. OLDS. I insist upon the regular order.
TERRITORIAL REPORTS.
The SPEAKER. Reports of a territorial nature
are in order from the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Has the Com-
mittee of Elections been called ?
New Series No. 29.
The SPEAKER.. It was called, but no one
answered.
Mr. STANTON. I took the floor to offer a
resolution from that committee, but was inter-
rupted by some one taking the floor for other pur-
The SPEAKER. The report will be received
now.
Mr. STANTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Elections to offer a resolution to authorize
the Clerk of the House to pay to James Cakr
Lane, Delegate from New Mexico, his mileage
and per diem.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does that come
in under the head of territorial business ?
Mr. STANTON. I only desire to have it re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEA fCER. It is not territorial business.
Mr. JONES. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky proposes to submit the resolution to a
Committee of the Whole House that it may go
upon the Private Calendar. The Chair decides
that it is a private bill.
Mr. JONES. Then it cannot be reported at
this time. f
The SPEAKER. It cannot, if objected to.
Mr. JONES. I object.
The SPEAKER. It is not, then, in order,
under the resolution of the House. Reports from
the Committee of Ways and Means are in order.
Mr. HIRBARD. The Committee of Ways
and Means, to which was referred Senate bill (No.
305) to direct a reexamination of the accounts be-
tween the United States and the Stale of Mary-
land, have instructed me to make an adverse re-
port thereon; and as it proposes to make an
appropriation, I move that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and that the bill and report be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, Is that territorial
business?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I object to it.
The SPEAKER. The report cannot be re-
ceived. Only reports relating to territorial busi-
ness are strictly in order.
The call of committees was then resumed.
Mr. DISNEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of New
Mexico, m relation to the preservation of the ar-
chives of said Territory, reported back the same
with a recommendation that it be referred to the
Committee on Territories.
It was so referred.
On motion by Mr. DISNEY, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged tromihe further considf ration of the following bills
and petitions, and that the same be laid on the'table :
II 11. No. 557. A bill for the relief of the owners and
occupants of the town of Omaha city, in the Territory of
Ntfbi aska, and for other purposes.
II. ft. No. 6U7. A bill to exempt certain town sites, in
Nebraska Territory, from sale and preemption.
II. It. No. 639. A bill to protect the proprietors of towns,
in Nebraska Territory, in their town sites.
The petitions of Madison Mills, of F. J. Marshall and
others, and of John Ellis and others, in relation to town
sites in Kansas and Nebraska Territories.
Mr. DISNEY, from the Committee on Publte
Lauds, reported House bill (No. 688) to amend
an act approved 26th August, 1852, entitled t( An
act to reduce and define the boundaries of the
military reserve at St. Peter's river, in the Terri-
tory of Minnesota," and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, committed
to the Committee of the Wholeon the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. DfSNEY, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of
Naney Taylor, and other citizens of Washington Territory,
for un amendment to the law of thatTerritory, and that the
same be laid upon Hie table.
Mr. DISNEY, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bill of the Senate (No.
129) entitled " An act to authorize the sale of
