450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
reserved lands, and for other purposes," reported
the same without amendment.
On'ered, That the said bill be committed to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and be printed.
Mr. DISNEY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill (H. R. 689) to establish the office of
surveyor general of Utah, and to grant lands to
actual settlers therein; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HENN, from the same committee, to
which was referred bills of the House of the fol-
lowing titles:
A bill to regulate the location of bounty land
warrants in Oregon Territory-, and
A bill to establish an additional land district in
the Territory of Oregon; reported the same sev-
erally, with amendments.
OrJererf, That paid hills be committed to thn Committee
of the Whole on the stale of the Union, and he printed.
Mr. CUTTING. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, which was charged with the following reso-
lution of the House, have directed me to report a
joint resolution:
Whereas, the law organizing thcTerritory of Minnesota,
in the last clause of section six, in the following terms,
viz., " All Jaws passed by the Legislative Assembly and
Governor, shall be submitted to the'Oongrees of the United
States, and, if disapproved, shall be null and of no cfTeet,"
re<5    ves to Congt ess the right of reviewing and disapproving
all laws passed by said Territorial liegislature : Therefore—
Resolved, That the acts of said Territorial Legislaiure,
as certified to thin body, be referred to the Committee on
ttee Judiciary, and that said committee inquire into the
propriety of declaring the act chartering the Minnesota and
Northwestern Uailro id Company null and of no effect, ami
that they make report to this ilouso of their action m the
premises,
The resolution was reported, as follows:
A resolution to disapprove and disaffirm an act
of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory of
Minnesota, entitled 41 An act to incorporate the
Minnesota and the Northwestern Railroad Com-
pany.'*
Mr. CUTTING. Mr. Speaker, I am directed
by the Committee on the Judiciary to make a
brief statement of the circumstances connected
with the act proposed to be disapproved, and
upon which this report is founded. It is within
the recollection of the House that, at an early day
of the last session, a bill came fiom the Senate
granting portions of the public land to the Terri-
tory of Minnesota, to aid in the construction of a
railway. And about the same time, in pursuance
of notice, another bill was introduced in this
House, by one of the honorable members from
Michigan, having the same objectin view. While
these two bills were pending; 
Mr. RICHARDSON. I would suggest that
this joint resolution be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and that
the explanation be postponed until that time.
Mr. CUTTING. When I have made the state-
ment which i hold to be due to the committee of
which I am a member, I shall then take the
sense of the House as to what disposition shall
be had of the matter.
When interrupted, Mr. Speaker, I was observ-
ing that, while these two bills were under con-
sideration—the one from the Senate and the other
originatingin this House—an act was passed by the
Territorial Legislature of Minnesota—approved
by the Governor thereof—on the 4th day of March,
incorporating the Minnesota and Northwestern
Railroad Company.
It is necessary that f should draw the attention
of the House to one of the provisions of that act.
It was provided that the lands which hail been,
or might at any time thereafter be, granted by the
United States to the Territory of Minnesota, to
aid m the construction of this railroad, should be,
and thereby were, vested absolutely in the indi-
viduals composing this company, without the ne-
cessity of any further deed or grant; so that the
title, by virtue of this act, to ail these lands was,
as far as this territorial net could make it,per!cct.
The amount of land disposed of by these bills to
aid Minnesota was eight hundred and fifty-two
thousand four hundred and eighty acres.
The bill which came from the Senate was re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories, and,
having been reported on favorably by that commit-
tee, was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. After discussion in com-
mittee, that bill was reported back to the House
with amendments. One of these amendments was
carried in the House, and then, on motion, the bill
was laid upon the table. Subsequently, the bill,
which had been introduced on notice by one of
the honorable members from Michigan, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, was
reported back by the same gentleman, and was
retained in the House, and, after various questions
taken on it, was finally passed. But inasmuch
as anterior to that action there had been the ter-
ritorial act, now proposed to be disapproved,
passed, by which the title, in fee, to all these eight
hundred and fifty-two thousand four hundred and
eighty acres were vested in this Minnesota and
Northwestern Railroad Company, this Housede-
clared that no portion of the lands provided for by
that bill should inure to the benefit of any railroad
corporation, constituted or organized. As this
Northwestern Railroad Company had been consti-
tuted by law, but not organized, it came within
the direct purview of the act of this House, and
was intentionally excluded from any benefit from
the grant of these lands. After this bill had passed,
it is within the recollection of the House that an
unauthorized alteration of it was made by effacing
the word "or," and inserting the worcl "and;"
so that the act was made to read—that no por-
tion of the lands thus granted should inure to the
benefit of any railroad company, constituted and
organized. Cut as this railroad company was
only constituted, and not organized, it was thus
made to escape from the provisions of the act thus
spoliated; and it became entitled, by that altera-
tion, in connection with the act which we propose
to annul, to these lands—thus perverting the act,
by the alteration, to the exact contrary of what
the House had determined.
This bill went to the Senate, and from there to
the Executive. Having been approved, it was
returned to this House. It was approved by the
Executive on the 29th of June, and on the 30th
June, or the 1st of July, as quick as news could
reach the city of New York, a meeting was held
by certain individuals at the Astor House, who
there, in point of form, organized this North-
western Railroad Company, and claimed the title,
ir\ fee-simple, to these eight hundred and fifty-two
thousand acres of land, and insisted that they had
acquired thereby a vested and perfect title thereto.
It having been suspected that some unauthorized
and fraudulent alteration had been made in the act,
a committee of investigation was raised. The
result was two reports; and a bill being intro-
duced by a portion of the committee of investiga-
tion, declaring the construction of the act as it
passed this House, on motion of an honorable
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Craige,]
everything but the enacting clause was stricken
out, and a section repealing the act granting these
lands to Minnesota, was substituted and carried.
After this repeal had thus been consummated by
the House, the Senate, for want of time to concur
in the House bill, amended n private bill by adding
a section repealing the Minnesota lanu bill, and in
this form returned it to this House, which con-
curred, and was approved by the President.
Notwithstanding this repeal this railroad com-
pany insisted that it was beyond the power of
this House, beyond the power of Congress to re-
peal a statute which had vested a right,or interest
in lands in the Territory of Minnesota; and that,
therefore, their title to these lands, claiming under
the Territory of Minnesota, had not been, and
could not be, impaired by any act of Congress.
ShorLly afterwards, and as early as the 23d day
of October—I desire the House to notice dates—
the district attorney of the United States for the
Territory of Minnesota* without any instructions
from any Department, without the knowledge of
any Department, and in violation of his official
duty, commenced an action, m the name of the
United States, against this Northwestern Railroad
Company, tne-object and purpose of which was
to enable the title of this company to these lands
to be adjudicated, ft was an action of trespass
for entering upon these lands, and cutting down
timber, and carrying it away. It was commenced
on the 23d of October. The pleadings are exceed-
ingly voluminous; but within the remarkably
short space of twelve days the summons were
served, declaration filed, plea put in, replication
to the plea filed, and demurrer to the plea; issue
was thus joined, the cause set down for argument,
argued and decided against the United States, and
all in twelve days! So that on the suit, which
was commenced on the 231 of October, there was
judgment entered on the 4th of November abso-
lutely against the United States, without any
power to amend the pleadings, or without any
further action there, This judgment was con-
summated on the 9th of November. From this
judgment a writ of error was brought to the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and the cause
was docketed here on the 21st of January. And
the first knowledge, or notice, official or unofficial,
that any of the Departments of Washington had
of the existence of this actipn was the docket of
the cause in this city on the last mentioned day._
Now, Mr. Speaker, the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, without entering into the disputed ground
as to the right of the people of a Territory to le-
gislate upon matters involving the great funda-
mental principles pertaining to their general regu-
lations, are of opinion it cannot be denied, and, I
apprehend, it will not be denied, that Congress has
the power to protect the public lands against ter-
ritorial aggression, and against territorial legisla-
tion, in opposition to the landed rights of the
United States. The act enables Congress, at all
events, to disapprove of acts of self-protection,
which affect the rights of property in the United
States.
Again, Mr. Speaker, there is another ground,
and aground which, I think, appeals very strongly
to every member of this House who desires to see
the public duties of our officials conducted with
decorum, and with a proper regard for the preser-
vation of the proprieties of official life. It is this:
When the Committee on the Judiciary came to
look at the names of the persons mentioned in the
territorial act proposed to be repealed, who were to
receive this grant of ei ht hundred and fifty thou-
sand and odd acres of the public lands, the com-
mittee found that one of the immediate grantees of
the Government was the Governor of that Ter-
ritory, who signed the bill, and another was the
secretary of the Territory, who certified the bill.
When, therefore, we find a territorial act passed
for the benefit of Governors and secretaries, and
public officers of the Government, concerned offi-
cially in the passage of the act, having for one of
its objects the acquisition of the public lands, I
take it for granted that the matter being brought
to the attention of the House, they will promptly
disapprove of, and disaffirm such an act. I sub-
mit that there can be no question of the power or
the propriety of the action of Congress, when
they find that there has been territorial legislation
for the benefit of the private interests of Govern-
ment officials in opposition to their public duties,
to pass an act disapproving of and disaffirming
the transaction.
In answer to the question put by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] whether this
territorial act was known to the House at the time
of the passage of the act of Congress granting the
land, I cannot answer, because the answer would
involve a knowledge of what others know, and of
which, of course, I know nothing.
Mr. CAMPBELL. In relation to that point,
if the gentleman will allow me, I will say, that, as
one of the friends of the bill making the grant, I
feel authorized to say, that many of those who
voted for the bill originally, were entirely igno-
rant of any such territorial act as that chartering the
Minnesota and Northwestern Railroad Company,
It was developed, in fact, in the course of the in-
vestigation, which took place near the close of the
last session; and that committee had nodoubt that
something was wrong, from the verv moment that
they hail the charter before them. The investiga-
tion, however, was prosecuted so near the close
of the session, that we had no time to do anything
more than to partially correct the sanction by Con-
gress of this enormous fraud, which these parties
have since resorted to the judiciary of the cr.untry
to establish, and to defeat the action of Congress.
Mr. CUTTING. One suggestion in addition,
and but one more. It will be in the recollection
of the House that by the act of Congress of the
31 of March, 1819, establishi ng the Territory of
Minnesota, it was expressly provided, that all the
territorial acts of that Territory should be sent to
Congressfortheirapproval or disapproval, anc. that,
in the event of the disapproval of Congress of any
act, it should become null and void. Hence, all per-
sons taking titles under such territorial acts before
they have been submitted to Congress for their
