452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
The SPEAKER. The previous question had
not been ordered, and the Chair was mistaken.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Yes; but the
calling of the roll had been commenced.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
no response was made.
The question was then taken on Mr. Warren's
motion; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CUTTING. I now demand the previous
question on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put, which
was, "shall the joint resolution pass?"
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 116, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C.Allen, WiHis Allen, Appleton,
Ashe, David J. Bailey, Ball, Belcher, Bennett, Benson,
Bliss, Bocock, Boyce, Bristow, Brooks, Bugg, Campbell,
Carpenter, Caruthers, Chamberlain, Chase, Chnsman,
Clingman, Cook, Corwin, Craige, Crocker, Culloin, Cut-
ting, De Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Dunbar, Edgerton, Ed-
mundson, Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott, Ellison,
Ethendge, Everhart, Farley, Faulkner, Flagler, Florence,
Franklin, Fuller, Gamble, Goode, Goodrich, Goodwin,
Grey, Aaron Harlan, Wiley P. flams, Hill, Houston,
Howe, Hunt, Daniel T.Jones, George W. Jones, Kittrcdge,
Lamb, Lane, Letcher, Lctvia, Lindsley, McCulloch, Me-
Mullin, Metineen, Mace, Mattecon, Middlesivarth, Mill-
son, Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Parker, Peck, Peckham,
Bishop Perkins, Powell, Pratt, Ready, Reese, David Ritchie,
Thomas Ritchcy, Rogers, Ituffin, Russell, Sabin, Sapp,
Seymour, Shaw, Singleton, Skelton, William Smith,
William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Andrew Stuart,
John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taj lor,
Thurston, Tracy, Trout, Wade, Walley, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Tappan, Wentworth, Darnel B.
Wright, Hendrick B. Wright, and Yates—1LG.
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas II. Bayly, Barry, Clark, Cobb,
John G. Davis, English, Green, Greenwood, Hendricks,
Ilenn, Phillips, Richardson, Seward, ilustor L. Stoveus,
Upham, mid Vvarren—1G.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Pending the announcement of the vote,
Mr. COX stated that if he had been within the
bar when his name was called, he would have
voted aye.
Mr. KERR and Mr* WHEELER made simi-
lar statements-
Mr. ROWE stated that, as he could not get the
information he sought as to the question, he did
not understand it, and, therefore, did not vote.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Would it be in order,
Mr. Speaker, to send the pages outside to inform
gentlemen who left the Hall that the vote is now-
over, and that they need not be afraid to come
back to their seats ? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Warren
in the chair.) The Chair does not suppose it
necessary to do so; a quorum has voted.
Mr. CUTTING moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was adopted, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PARKER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, asked to present certain reports from that
committee, for the purpose of having the com-
mittee discharged from the further consideration
of the subject.
Mr. RICHARDSON. ' I object to their intro-
duction, as they are not on territorial business.
The SPEAKER. Under the special order of
the House, nothing is in order except territorial
business; the reports offered to be presented by
the gentleman from Indiana not being on territo-
rial business, are out of order.
Mr. FAULKNER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs to report back
i louse bill No. GOG, providing for the construc-
tion of roads and bridges, and the improvement
of rivers in the Territory of Kansas, and to pro-
vide for the trigonometrical survey of said Terri-
tory. The committee has had the same under con-
sideration, and has directed meto make an adverse
report with respect to all of the objects of the bill,
except as to the construction of military roads,
and to ask to have the bill referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask that the bill and the
report be ordered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. FAULKNER. I-ask to report from the
Committee on Military Affairs, a bill for the pro-
tection of the inhabitants of the Territories.
Mr, EDGERTON. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Virginia whether that is the bill
providing for the enrollment of the three thousand
volunteers?
Mr. FAULKNER. I answer that it is.
Mr. EDGERTON. Then I object to it.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Faulknkr.) What
is the character of the bill ?
Mr. FAULKNER. It is a bill which calls out
three thousand volunteers for the protection of the
Territories.
Mr. EDGERTON. I raise the question of
order, whether that is territorial business?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
territorial business in the sense of the resolution
of the House.
Mr. FAULKNER. Then I ask the Chair
whether I can now move to suspend the rules to
enable me to report this bill ? 1 sought the floor
this morning, in order to move a suspension of
the rules, under the apprehension that, when I
came to report the bill at this time, this point of
order would be raised.
The SPEAKER. It is not now in ord*r to
move a suspension of the rules, the House being
acting under a special order.
Mr. FAULKNER. Well, I shall not take an
appeal from the opinion of the Chair, simply for
the reason—even if I did not entertain respect for
the decision of the Chair—that this bill is now
pending as an amendment to the Army appropri-
ation bill in the Senate, and thus we shall have an
opportunity of acting on it in the course of one or
two days.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, made adverse reports on if the
bill to transfer Fort Scott reserve to the Territory
of Kansas, and for other purposes;" also, a reso-
lution of the House, instructing that committee to
inquire into the expediency of providing for the
payment of certain militia in the Territory of New
Mexico, called out in 1854 for the suppression of
Indian hostilities; also, the resolution asking to
have refunded to the Territory of Utah, expenses
incurred by said Territory in suppressing Indian
hostilities m 1853; which reports were severally
ordered to be laid on the table and printed.
Mr. FAULKNER. I will ask the indulgence
of the House to permit me to have laid on the
table and printed, the evidence of General Scott,
and of those other officers who were summoned
before the Committee on Military Affairs in refer-
ence to the reorganization of the Army.
It was so ordered.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Territories to report a bill sxtend-
in£ the jurisdiction of the State of California east-
wardly to Carson valley, and for other purposes;
which I ask to have referred to the Committee of,
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MACE. Is that in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
in order.
Mr. PHILLIPS, It has reference to a portion
of Utah, separated from that Territory by a range
of mountains, which makes it inaccessible to the
population residing in the valley.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. FARLEY, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, introduced a bill " making an appropriation
for a military road in the Territory of Nebraska;"
which was read the first and second time by its
title, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions to report back
House bill (No. 545) to provide for the allowance
of invalid pensions to certain volunteers in the
Indian wars m Oregon Territory.
It relates to territorial business, and proposes to
place upon the pension list the names of those
volunteers who were wounded and disabled in the
Indian wars in the Territory of Oregon. The
gentleman from Oregon [Mr. Lane] desires that
this bill should come before the House during the
three days devoted to .territorial business; and I
will therefore report it back, with the consent of
the House, without any action upon the part of
the committee.
Mr. LETCHER. I would ask if a bill that
provides for the allowance of certain invalid pen-
sions to volunteers is a territorial bill?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will state that the bill
was first referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and by that committee sent to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think that some
committee ought to report upon it, and give us the
facts in the case. It seems that the Committee
on Military Affairs have got clear of it, without
making a report upon it to the House; and now
the Committee on Invalid Pensions have returned
j it to us without making a report. If they will state
the facts of the case, we may be prepared to act
upon it.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I do not intend to
insist upon having this bill introduced as territo-
rial business, although I regard it as strictly terri-
torial. It is a bill to allow pensions to certain per-
sons who have been wounded or disabled in the
Indian wars in Oregon Territory, and who were
engaged in the defense of the people of that Ter-
ritory, under the call made upon them to turn out
for that purpose. Many of these persons were
disabled, from wounds received while -so engaged,
and the hill simply proposes to grant them a pen-
sion for their services.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the gentleman would
allow me, I wish to say, that it is not very im-
portant that the bill should be examined by any
committee. It is very simple in its. provisions, and
the House will easily understand it by merely
hearing it read. It proposes simply to allow per-
sons disabled in the Indians wars in Oregon, the
same pensions allowed to persons of the same
grade in the regular Army, disabled in such ser-
vice.
The SPEAKER. Is the objection withdrawn?
Mr. LETCHER. J raise the question of order,
that the bill does not relate to territorial business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it ia
not territorial business.
Mr. RICHARDSON, from the Committee on
Territories, reported back, without amendment,
Senate bill entitled " An act making an appropria-
tion for the construction of certain military roads
in the Territory of Nebraska;" which was read
the first and second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. *
The SPEAKER. The following territorial bill
upon the Speaker's table was reported at the last
session, with a recommendation that it do not pass:
House bill (No. 317) to establish the office of
surveyor general of Utah, and to grant donations
of land to actual settlers, and for other purposes.
Mr, RICHARDSON. I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
The question waa taken; and the bill was laid
upon the table.
COMMITTEE OP THE WHOLE.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I now move that the
House resolve itself info the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union upon the special
order.
The question was taken; and it was decided ia
the affirmative.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union
(Mr. Phelps in the chair) on the special order,
being business relating to the Territories.
STATE GOVERNMENT IN OREGON.
The CHAIRMAN. The business first in order
is the consideration of bill (No. 332) to enable
the people of Oregon Territory to form a constitu-
tion and State government, and for the admission
of such State into the Union.
The Chair will take occasion to remark that he
shall rule, as he has done on previous occasions
when he has been presiding in the Committee of
the Whole, in the consideration of territorial busi-
nees, that gentlemen who address the committee
must confine <heir remarks strictly to the subject
under discussion.
When this bill was under consideration at the
last session of Congress, the committee had
adopted it as far as the fifth section. The Clerk
will now read the fifth section, with the amend-
ment then adopted.
The section was read, as follows:
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That the di*Mct
judge, attorney, cleric, and mai^hal, contemplated by this
act, shall each be allowed the same comoeripation oiui fees
that are severally allowed to the same oiheers m the State
of California by act of Congress, to be paid m the i ame
manner.
