1956.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
The amendment already adopted, inserted after
the word "judge" the words " shall be allowed
the annual salary of thrSse thousand dollars each,
and the" 
The Clerk will report the pending amendment
offered by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Cutting.]
it was read, as follows:
Strike oat the words "State of California," and insert
in lieu thereof the words, " the southern district of New
York."
The question was taken upon the amendment;
and it was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would in-
quire of the Chair, whether it is in order to go
back on the bill and offer amendments to the pre-
ceding sections?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. WASHBURN. The Chair, then, holds
that we must take the bill where we left it at the
last session ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that we
must resume the consideration of the bill at the
point where we left off last session.
The reading of the biil having been finished,
and no further amendments being offered, it was
laid aside, to be reported to the House with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
TERRITORIAL LIBRARIES.
The next bill which came up in order was joint
resolution (No. 22) making an appropriation for
the purchase of territorial libraries.
The bill, which was read, proposes to appropri-
ate the sum of £500 for the purchase of territorial
libraries for each of the Territories of Minnesota,
Oregon, Utah, and New Mexico.
Mr. BERNH1SEL. I merely desire to say
that such a bill was passed at the last session of
Congress.
Mr. RICHARDSON. How much does the
bill appropriate!
The CHAIRMAN. Five hundred dollars each.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to amend the
joint resolution by inserting a clause to appropri-
ate to each of the Territories of Nebraska and
Kansas $5,000, to purchase books for them.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would say to the
gentleman from Illinois, and to the gentleman from
Kansas, [Mr. Whitfield,) that estimates have
been submitted by the proper Department Cor pur-
chasing libraries for those Territories of Kansas
and Nebraska. The Committee of Ways and
Means have agreed to those estimates, and will
report them to the civil and diplomatic bill when it
comes up.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would say to my friend
from Tennessee, if the committee see fit to put the
appropriation in this bill, it will save the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means the trouble of offering
the amendment to the, bill to which he has refer-
red.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I understand it is cus-
tomary to give to each of the Territories, at the
beginning, the sum of §5,000 for the purchase of
a public library, and then #500 annually there-
after. The Territories of Nebraska and Kansas
have not yet received their $5,000. 1 have no
choice whether the sum is included m this bill, or
be appended to the civil and diplomatic bill. But
I hope it will be included in one or the other.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am not sure that the
gentleman from Kansas is exactly correct in his
statement. We do not appropriate $500 annually.
We do notappropriate $5,000 to each Territory, so
far as I know, to begin with. The sum of $500
additional appropriation is to buy books necessary
for them, for public use; and as much as is neces-
sary for that purpose, Congress, from time to time,
appropriates, whether it be §500, more or less.
I move my amendment, to insert $5,000, and
leave the bill m other respects as it is.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Illinois
is laboring under a slight mistake as to the $500.
A bill to appropriate such a sum was pending at I
the last session of Congress, when the civil and 1
diplomatic bill was acted upon, and theformerbill
not having been agreed to at the time, the §500
proposed to be appropriated in it, was put upon
the civil and diplomatic bill. The Committee of
Ways and Means have a letter from the Comp-
troller of the Treasury, showing the fact that
$5,000 have beei* appropriated to all the Terri-
tories at the start. There is no annual appropria-
tion, but occasionally small sums are appropria-
ted to the Territories for the purpose of enabling
them to accomplish particular things. The |500
referred to in this bill, was appropriated at the last
session, and I thin1< that the proper motion is now
to strike out and insert.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The information given
by the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
is such as I did not have in ray possession at the
time. I have not recurred to the subject, with the
present exception, since the last session of Con-
gress. The sum proposed enables the Territories
to buy what books they may want in their libra-
ries. I do not see the necessity for the provision
of $500 annually to each Territory.
I move to so amend the bill that it will provide
only for the appropriation of §5,000 to each of the
Territories of Kansas and Nebraska for the pur-
chase of territorial libraries.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with the recommendation that it be
passed as amended.
EXPENSE OF A CODE OF LAWS FOR UTAH.
A joint resolution authorizing the accounting
officers of the Treasury to adjust the expenses of
a board of commissioners appointed by the Ter-
ritorial Assembly of Utah to prepare a code of
laws, wan read in ertenso.
Mr. 13ERNEI1SEL. Mr. Chairman, as a res-
olution similar, almost the same as the one under
consideration, was passed at the last session, I
move that it be laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do not
pass.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
FOUT ON PEMBINA RIVER.
House bill (No. 477) for the erection of a fort
on or near the Pembina river, in the Territory of
Minnesota. The bill was read in externa.
Mr, WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I pro-
pose to amend the bill, so as to provide for the
establishment of one or more forts within the
Territory of Kansas. I know that a very few
days have bean sot apart for the consideration of
territorial business, ami 1 shall consume as little
time as ti proper explanation of such amendment
may demand. The officer who was sent out by
the Department here in reference to the matter,
recommends the establishment of one or more
military posts in that Territory. I could satisfy
the committee, I am sure, of the necessity for
these posts; but, as I have remarked, I shall not
consume the time of the committee.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I would ask the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] who is at
the head of the Committee on Military Affairs,
whether he has any proposition to submit to the
House for the erection of forts and arsenals in the
Teriitories of the United States ? Or has the sub-
ject been at all brought to their attention ?
Mr. FAULKNER. The subject has been
before us; and the gentleman, by looking at the
Calendar, will find the fourth after the bill now
under consideration, a bill authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to purchase sites, and contract for
the erection of arsenals in Texas and New Mex-
ico, and in the Territory of Oregon. Beyond
that, however, the committee have not had action
in the matter.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I %vill ask the gentleman
further, that we may all understand this matter,
whether the War Department will not need arse-
nals and forts in the Territories of Kansas, Ne-
braska, and Minnesota?
Mr. LETCHER. Is there any amendment
pending ?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment which
the Delegate from Kansas has indicated, is now
being reduced to writing.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I move to amend by
adding the following words:
That a fort be erected on the Arkansas river, in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, at or near the point where the road from
Independence to Santa crosses said river. .
Mr. LETCHER. I want to offer an amend-
ment before the close of the section.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's amend-
ment has the precedence.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to strike out the
words " the purchase of a site and."
It strikes me as somewhat remarkable that the
Government of th« United States wants to buy a
site for a fort when it owns three fourths of the
land in this Territory now. There is something
in it which I cannot understand, and I should like
to have it explained.
Mr. RICE. The point of Pembina is in the
Indian country. I believe that it has not been
customary for the United States to purchase lands
from the Indians upon which to erect forts and
arsenals. The words indicated may properly be
stricken out. I was not aware that they were ia
the bill.
Mr. FAULKNER. I wish to make one re-
mark in reply to my colleague, [Mr. Letcher.]
These words are uniformly inserted in all bills of
this character. Surely it would not be supposed
that the Secretary of War would make the pur-
chase unless it were in some manner necessary.
If the land upon which it was proposed to erect
the fort belonged to the Government, of course
the Secretary of War would not purchase. All
that the provision proposes, is to leave it to the
Secretary of War to select the point at which the
fort is to be located, and in case the point selected
does not belong to Government; to leave it discre-
tionary with the Secretary of War to purchase of
the proper owners. Of course the United States
would not purchase the land unless the circum-
stances rendered it necessary. All that is proposed
is to leave this discretionary power in the hanrfa
of the Secretary, which, I think, my colleagu*
will find no reason to object to. >
Mr. LETCHER. To take away this discre-
tionary power is precisely what I propose to do.
If the Secretary of War could go to the locality
himself, and make the selection from his own ob-
servation, he might obtain proper information as
to the best point to be selected; but when he is
obliged to depend upon the information of those
who are interested in disposing of their land, he
is not very likely to obtain correct information,
and for this reason, I want these words stricken
out.
The question was taken; and Mr. Letcher's
amendment to the amendment was adopted.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of Mr. Whitfield's amendment as amended.
Mr. WHITFIELD obtained the floor.
Mr. LECTHER. Will the gentleman from
Kansas allow me to ask him one question?
Mr. WHITFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. LETCHER. How much money does the
gentleman want to build his fort?
Mr.WHITFIELD. Only a very small amount.
Mr. LETCHER. Why not, then, put the
amount in the amendment, so that we may know
what it is?
Mr. WHITFIELD. I desire to state to the com-
mittee that, upon the whole route from Independ-
ence toSanta Fe, a distance of eight hundred miles,
the emigrants are afforded no protection whatever.
The course of the emigrant route lies along the
Arkansas river, and every spring and summer
thousands of emigrants pass over it. The military
[ post upon the route has been abandoned, and the
soldiers who are sent out there in the summer,
leave that vicinity in the fall, because there is no
place for them to winter in. It is one of the most
important military roads in the western country.
And, sir, as to the amount of money which will
be required to construct it, I hope the gentleman
from Virginia will not be very particular about
that. I do not know the precise amount that will
be required; but I know that it will cost but a very
small amount, and that it is an absolute necessity
that the fort should be erected. Unless it is, we
shall be left, for a large portion of the year, with-
out any protection whatever.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair asks of the gen-
tleman from Kansas with what sum he proposes
to fill the blank in his amendment?
Mr. WHITFIELD. I do not know what sum
will be required.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
that it be filled with the same amount as was just
now designated for a similar purpose in another
locality.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gentle-
man from Kansas will modify his amendment so
as to provide for the erection of a military post
instead of a fort, as it now stands. I do not know,
