454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
but it seems to me that there is no necessity of the
erection of a fort in that locality. As the amend-
ment now stands, the Secretary of War may think
it his duty to commence the erection of a fort, and
we do not know what amount it wiil cost to com-
plete it. What they want is a post—a military
post—and not a fort, as I understand it; and I
hope the gentleman will so modify his amend-
ment.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to make
another inquiry of the gentleman from Kansas.
Has the Secretary of War, or any one connected
•with the War Department ever recommended the
erection of this fort? Have we any estimates
upon the subject?
Mr. WHITFIELD. I have no official knowl-
edge of that fact.
Mr. LETCHER. Then it seems to me we
ought to be informed what is the recommendation
of the War Department in reference to the matteY,
before we make this appropriation.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will state to my friend
from Virginia, in relation to these military posts,
that it is usually left at the discretion of the Sec-
retary of War to select their precise locality. The
appropriation is usually made for military posts,
and then they are established under the rules of the
War Department, at the discretion of the Secre-
tary of War. There is usually no specific direct
appropriation for any one particular point, and if
you can find any estimates of that sort, i think it
is quite unusual. I repeat, that the usual prac-
tice has been to make the appropriations for mili-
tary posts in gross, and leave it with the Secretary
of War to make the particular applications as he
may think proper.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama did not exactly apprehend what I said. I
take it for granted that whenever these military
posts are to be established, or whenever the Secre-
tary of War thinks it necessaiy that new ones
should be established, he suj^sts it in his report
to Congress, and submits h« estimates for the
appropriation which he asks Confess to make.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Secretary of War sug-
gests that a certain number of military posts are
needed at certain portions of our frontiers, butthe
appropriations are not made for any particular
point. That is left a matter discretionary with
the Secretary of War to determine.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, has he suggested that
any military post is necessary for this locality?
We aie designating; a particular point; has he
suggested that this military po-st is necessary ?
Mr. WHITFIELD. I will state this fact for
the information of the gentleman fiom Virginia:
An officer was sent out, under the direction of the
War Department, last spring, with power to select
a point somewhere on the Aikunwas river for the
establishment of a military p.->?t or fort. I had
many interviews with that otlicer, and traveled :
with him. I know that he was directed to select
a point at which to establish a militaiy post.
I will state, as a further reason why there is a
necessity for the establishment of this military
post or fort, that the Indian agent has now no
place where he can remain through the winter in
that part of the country. The troops remove
away in the fall, and there is no place for him to
renrmin,
Mr. Chairman, allow me to state once more,
that, ifthere is any pointin thegreat West where
a military post or fort is eminently needed, it is
upon the Arkansas river. If gentlemen desire it,
{ am willing to leave it discretionary with the Sec-
retary of War to locate it at any point upon the
Aikansas river. 1 will fill the blankwith $5,000,
and am willing that the word " post" sliaii be
substituted for " fort."
The amendment, as modified, was then report-
ed, as follows:
Jlndhe it farther enacted. That be, and i« hereby,
appropriated, nut of any mon' y in the Treasury not othi r-
wise appropriated, for the erection oi a military post on tlie
Arkant-as river, in the Territory of K<:n*a-*, m ar the point
where the road from Independence to Santa F<5 crosses the
Arkansas river, in said Territory.
Mr. RICHARDSON". Mr. Chairman, this is
a subject to which 1 have not, of course, devoted
as much attenfon as the members of the Miliary
Committee, j know nothing about the necessity
for these appropriations m this exact specific
shape. There can be no doubt that there will
have to be appropriations made for the erection
of posts, or forts, if you please—and I acknowl-
edge that. 1 do not know exactly the point where
one begins and the other ends—to a larger extent
than the Military Committee have reported. It
may be, as the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, suggests, that the appropria-
tion is made in gross and expended under the di-
rection of the Secretary of War. 1 do not know
that we could, by indicating the points where the
posts are to be established, exactly accomplish
what we desire by the passage of this bill. I ap-
prehend that, during the next summer, it will be
necessary to have a force, either stationary or
moving, upon our lines of communication with
our western country; and I called theattention of
the chairman of the Military Committee to the
i subject with a view of ascertaining from him any
; knowledge he might have of the desire of the War
| Department with reference to the construction of
i both forts and ar?enals on the frontier.
| Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman allow
I me to make a suggestion that will probably relieve
us from this difficulty?
J Mr. RICHARDSON-. I will,
j Mr. LETCHER. I would suggest that the
: gentleman should submit a motion to pass this bill
I by until to-morrow, and, in themean time,inform-
j ationcan be obtained in regard to it.
I Mr. RICHARDSON. I think it would be
better that we should pass by the bill until to-
morrow.
Mr. HOUSTON". I will suggest an amend-
ment which will obviate the difficulty and the
necessity of passing the bill by. My own opinion
is in concurrence with that of the Delegate from
Ivanwas, that a military post is necessary some-
where in that region. If he wiil so mcdify his
amendment aa to leave the selection of the precise
j location to the military department of the Govern-
i merit, then it seems to me there can be no further
objection to it.
Mr, TAYLOR, of Ohio. I have prepared an
amendment, which, I think, will meet the views
of the gentleman from Alabama, if the Delegate
from Kansas will accept it.
Mr. HOUSTON. What is it? Letmehearit.
Mr. TAYLOR. It is to add at the close of the
section the following:
And itie further smn of $5,0(10, out of any money in the I
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated, to be expended under the direction of
the ^eeietary of War in the estahtiMunent of one or more
military pos-ts in the Territory ot Kansas.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Add the words
u if he shall deem the same necessary."
Mr. TAYLOR. Yes, sir; I will add those
words.
Mr. HOUSTON. That will do, if the gentle-
man from Kansas will accept it.
^The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Kansas accept thatasa modification of his amend-
ment?
Mr. WHITFIELD. I am witling to modify
my amendment by inserting the words, u or such
other point on the Arkansas river as the Secretary
of War may indicate."
Mr. HOUSTON. That will do.
^Mr. LANE, of Oregon. If the Delegates from
Kansas and Minnesota, and the committee, will
| listen to me for a moment,! desire to make a sug-
gestion.
j Now, sir, it seems to me that it would be a very
| s lange proceeding to establish forts or military
1 pot.ta in Kansas and Minnesota, and leave the
i £reat emigrant road from the Atlantic States to the
| Pacific entirely unprotec:ed. Forts afford but par-
| tml protection in an Indian country. If you keep
! a proper force—a mounted force along the route  
you can afford protection, but not otherwise. We
; want active, efficient, vigilant mounted troops.
! I hey are better than forts in an Indian country; j
! for the Indians go right up to the walls of the '
forts and kill the people, drive away the cattle,
j and commit every other kind of depredation,
i If, however, it is determined to go into a sys-
| tern of forts or posts, I ask this committee if they
| will neg'ect the great emigrant route to the Pacific?
, No such massacres have occurred in any part of ^
j America as have been perpetrated upon that route. '
! The road is a long; one. A gentleman here talks
| about eight hundred miles, Why, sir, it is
j twenty-four hundred miles to the Pacific, and
j there are no troops on the route; there is no pro-
tection for the people passing in that direction.
Forts, with infantry troops, would not protect the
road. You must have ^osts, it is true; but it
should be left to the Secretary of War to pro-
vide posts for the troops. Let them be the right
description of troops?—mounted men, ready to
dash out and escort the people traveling across
the country, or to punish the Indians when they
commit murder or depredations of any kind.
Sir, if this bill is to be passed, I wouid like to
see it so amended as to authorize the Secretary of
War to establish a line of posts along the great
road to the Pacific; also, a line of pos-ts, if he
chooses, from the State of Missouri to Santa Fe,
and wherever else it may be necessary and proper
for the protection of emigrants and settlers.
Defenses of this kind afford no protection and
give no security without eificie.ot mounted forces
at each post. The committee had better pass this
bill over, and provide for an active, efficient
mounted force, authorizing, at the same time, the
Secretary of War to prepare winter quarters for
them.
For my own part, I would not have troops that
would live in quarters. I would like troops that
would live in the open air, that would go where
the Indians go; follow them into the mountains,
and into their hiding places, punish them for their
offenses, and teach them to know us and to feel
our power. I hope that this bill will be passed
over until we can consult the Secretary of War—
say until the day after to-morrow.
Mr. RICE. The Secretary of War has been
consulted in reference to this bill. The settlement,
Mr. Chairman, contains about four thousand in-
habitants. They are on the British line, and are
twenty days' march from the nearest settlement
south. Some of the inhabitants have been mur-
dered, and every year since the settlement has been
made, their cattle and horses have been stolen from
them by the very Indians against whom you now
propose to send a force of three thousand men in
other Territories. We have about from forty
to fifty thousand Indians in the Territory of Min-
nesota, and yet we have never cost (he Government
a dollar for Indian wars. All that we ask now is
a small force there; a company of infantry would
form a nucleus, a sort of depot for arms and
ammunition, which would enable the citizens to
protect themselves. We do not ask for mounted
men there. At present we have a collector of the
port stationed there. Our laws are beins: con-
stantly violated. The subjects ofthe Hudson's Gay
Company come over frequently and seize Ameri-
can citizens with impunity, take them across the
line, and try them according to the laws or rules
of the company. I believe the Secretary of Wrar
has recommended this. I know that, in 1848 or
1849, he sent officers there to select a site for the
purpose. A site has been selected, ami all we
want the Government to do^is to furnish us with
means to protect ourselves, and I hope, therefore,
the bill will not be laid over.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Jliinois. Living, as
I do, in the neighborhood of my friend from Min-
nesota, [Mr. Rice,] I can bear testimony to the
truth of what he has stated to the committee, in
regard to the great and urgent necessity which
there is for the establishment of this fort at Pem-
bina. I trust that this proposition will not be en-
cumbered with thatof theg'entleman from Kansas,
[Mr. Whitfield,] and if that gentleman will not
withdraw his amendment, I hope the committee
will vote itdown, and recommend that the bill, as
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs,
be passed.
Mr. HENN. I believe that the Committee on
Military Affairs have passed over, and not pro-
vided for, the most important points as military
posts—-that is, points where there are hostile In-
dians, and where they have shown hostility within
a short time past—m other words, in the hunting
ground:- of the Sioux and the Omahas. 1 think
the whole question should be left to the discretion
of the Secretary of War,and let him establish any
further posts he may deem necessary. I propose
the following amendment, as covering both the
Territories of Kansas and Nebraska:
Sec. 2. *3nd be it further enacted, That for the establish-
ment of military poets in the Territories of Kansas and Ne-
braska, at such points in said Territories the Secretary
of War may designate, the sum of$lO Q.,0 he, and the same
13 hereby, appropriated.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I accept that amendment.
