1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
Mr. FAULKNER. I have but one additional
remark to make to the committee in reference to
this bill. The Secretary of War is fully apprised
of the importance of having a military post at this
point, Pembina, and I will call the attention of the
committee to his letter to me, on this and other
subjects which engaged our attention. His letter
is as follows:
War Department, Washington, June 30, 1854.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the 24th instant, inclosing a memorial from the
Legislature of Minnesota for the establishment of a military
post on or near Pembina river, in latitude 45)° north, lor the
protection of citizens of the United State*, and Indiana
resident within our borders, from the attacks of the British
settlers at Selkirk.
In rep'y to your reque&t for the views of this Department
on the application, I can say that there is very little doubt
of either the propriety ur necessity for a fort at the point
indicated; but, at the present time, there is neither money
to construct, ntfr men to garrison one, imhc disposal of tho
Department, and it was mainly to give security to such
exposed sections of country that the increase of the army
was asked for in my late annual report.
With our present limited force, many assailable points
necessarily remain unguarded; and all that can be done is
to occupy the more important positions.
?houid the r< quired increat-e oMhe army be authorized
by Congiess, iris within the views, as it vvtll then be within
the means, of the Department to station a company near
Pembina, tor the protection of the people in that section of
the country.
The memorial of Ihe Legislature is herewith returned.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFF. DAVIS, Secretory of War.
Hon. C. J. Fatjlkner, Chairman Com. MUitauj Jljfairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The bill
makes an appropriation for the erection of a fort
at tins point.
Mr. FAULKNER. Yes; the bill makes an
appropriation for the establishment of a fort, but
the men are yet wanting to garrison these forts;
and the Secretary tells you he cannot defend the
country, he cannot do what you call upon him
to do in the shape of your appropriations, because
he has not the men to garrison the forts.
The question was taken on Mr. Henn's amend-
ment; mid it was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to amend
the original bill by striking out the word " fort,"
in the seventh line, and inserting in lieu thereof
the words " military post," so as to make it rend,
" in the purchase of a site and the erection of a
military post in the Territory of Minnesota "
Mr. MeDOUGALL. i should like to know
what difference there is between the word " fort"
and the words " military post ?"
Mr. JONES. I suppose the words " military
post" to mean a place where we would have
troops stationed, and where they would have
barracks, but where they would have no works or
fortifications, or what is generally understood as
forts, to erect. I suppose it is not desired to have
forts erected there, but mere stations—military
posts with barracks—for the accommodation of
the troops there located.
Several Members. Yes; that is right.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Is not a fortified post a
fort ?
Mr. JONES. Yes; all forts are posts, but all
posts are not necessarily forts.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 propose that Mr.
Webster be consulted on that part. [Laughter.]
He will satisfy us of the meaning of the two
words.
The question was taken on Mr. Jones's amend-
ment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. WASIIDURNE, of Illinois. I propose that
the bill be reported to the House with the amend-
ments, and with the recommendation that it do
Mr. LETCHER, f move to lay the bill aside
until the Secretary of War can be consulted. We
liave a multitude of military gentlemen here on the
other side of the House, and no two of them have
yet agreed in opinion on this matter. The mil-
itary gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Henn,] and the
military gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hous-
ton,] cannot even agree.
Mr. IIENN. I beg pardon of the gentleman
from Virginia. I do not claim to be a military
man.
Mr. LETCHER. I thoughtthe gentleman from
Iowa was a military man. The military men cer-
tainly disagree very much in opinion. But as the
gentleman disclaims the appellation, I come pretty
much to the conclusion that none of them are mil-
itary men, [laughter,] and that we had better con-
sult somebody who knows something about the
matter. I therefore move that the bill be
by till to-morrow.
Mr. HOUSTON. My military friend from
Virginia [Mr. Letcher] has certainly not been
paying attention to what occurred, or he would
not have said that the gentleman from Iowa and
myself have disagreed. There is no evidence of
any disagreement between us.
Mr. LETCHER. My colleague over there,
[Mr. Faulkner,] who represents the military
branch of this Government, says he cannot get
along without men, and that it is the opinion of
the Secretary of War that military posts are of no
manner of account, unless there are some men
to be put into them. Now, in that state of the
case  -
A Member. Has the Secretary of War said
so ?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes; he has deliberately
expressed that opinion.
Now, in that stale of the case, we had better
ascertain, first, whether we are going to have men
to take charge of this post before we build it. I
think it is well enough for us to see about that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
that the Secretary of War has been consulted,
and that he has written a letter upon the subject,
which the chairman of the Committee otiMiluary
Affairs has made known to the House. 1 certainly
cannot see what is to be gained by passing over
this matter until to-morrow.
Mi. LETCH ER. If ihe gentleman from Illinois
recollects, the Secretary slates distinctly, as to
this point in Minnesota, that he has not a solitary
man to put there to guard it, unless we pass the
bill providing for the three thousand volunteers.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Wash-
ih'kne's motion; and it was decided in the affirm-
ative.
So the bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
The OH A J KM AN. The business next in order
is the consideration of Seriate bill No. 60, being
an "An act authorizing ihe construction of a sub-
terranean line of telegraph from the Mississippi
or Missouri river to the Pacific ocean."
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The question was taken; and decided in the
affirmative.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of Union
had had the state of the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the special order
relating (o territorial business, and had directed
him to report House bill No. 332, joint resolu-
tion No. 22, and House hill No 477, with amend-
ments; also, joint resolution No. 23, wuh a recom-
mendation that it be rejected; and, also, Senate
bill No. GO, upon which they had come to no con-
clusion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I atik the'Mouse to pass
the bills that have been reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
temporarily occupying the chair.) The business
first in order is the uill of the House (No. 332)
to enable the people of Oregon Territory to
form a constitution und State government, and for
the admission of such Stateiino the Union.
The amendments of the committee were con-
curred in; and the bill ordered to be engrossed
and read the third time; and having been en-
grossed, was read the third time, and passed.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution (No.
22) making an appropriation for the purchase
of territorial libraries, has been reported with
amendments.
The amendments were concurred in; and the
bill finally passed.
Mr. LAN E, of Oregon, moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bills were passed, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. The next business is the con-
sideration of joint resolufion (No. 23) author-
izing the accounting officers of the Treasury to
adjust the expenses of a board of commissioners
appointed by the Territorial Assembly of Utah to
prepare a code of laws. The Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union report it to the
House with a recommendation that it be rejected.
1 move to lay the resolution upon the table.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
laid upon the table.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The business
next in order is the consideration of House bill
(No. 477) for the erection of a fort on or near
he Pembina river, in the Territory of Minnesota,
reported with amendments.
The amendments were concurred in; and tho
bill, having passed through its several readings,
was finally passed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to amend the title of
the bill by adding at the end, "and for otheij
purposes," so as to embrace other objects.
The SPEAKER pro ttmpore. There being no"
objection, the title of the bill will be so amended.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote last taken, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
The question was put; and the latter motion
was agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. COBB. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill, of which previous
notice has been given, merely for the purpose of
reference.
Mr. LETCHER. Let it be read for informa-
tion.
Mr. COBB. It is a bill to confer a pension.
No objection being made,
Mr. COBB introduced the following bill; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee oh Invalid Pensions:
A bill granting a pension to Micajah Ricketts.
On motion by Mr. Letcher, the House then,
at three o'clock and forty-five minutes, adjourned
until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 30, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, with accompanying doc-
uments, recommending that the appropriations
asked for therein be made; also, suggesting a
modification of the existing laws, so as to enable
the President more effectually to carry into effect
the treaties with the different Indian tribes in
Kansas Territory. The President, after stating
that he will maintain strictly, and in good faith,
all treaty obligations with the Indians, recom-
mends that provision be made, by law, requiring
the lands which are to be sold on account of the
Indians, by the Government, to be appraised and
classified, a minimum price to be fixed, for a less
sum than which no sales are to be made without
further provision of law, and authorizing the sale
of the lands in such quantity, and at such times
and places, as the obligations of the Government,
the rights of the Indian tribes, and the public
interest, with reference to speedy settlement, may
render expedient.
The recommendations of the Secretary of the
Interior, include an amendment to the general
appropriation bill, appropriating$162,000 to meet
any deficiency which may arise in the appropria-
tion of 4th August, 1854, for collecting revenue
from the public lands, owing to the great increase
in the sales thereof. He also recommends that,
in view of a similar increase, an appropriation be
made of §127,000 for the service of the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1856. The Secretary further
recommends an increase in the amount heretofore
estimated for by him for surveying in Kansas and
Nebraska for the year ending June 30,1856, to the
amount of $47,000, and to enable the President to
carry out the treaties lately entered into with vari-
ous Indian tribes, he recommends an appropria-
tion of $20,000, in addition to the appropriation
heretofore made for surveys under said treaties.
The message was, on motion by Mr Weller,
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of the heirs
of Scott Campbell, praying to be confirmed in
their title to a tract of land and the payment of th 
