483
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January SO,
Now, sir, whatis theantagonistical proposition?
It conies from the chairman of the Committee on
Finance—the Chancellor of the Exchequer—the
fiscal committee of this body, assuming the war
power, and declaring that the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, sustaining the War Department, is
incapable of judging of the necessities of the coun-
try, and that the financial department shall control
the War Department. Sir, it is a strange condi-
tion of things to see me standing here to-day,
sustaining the measures of the President and the
Secretary of War, while their friends oppose
them on grounds strange and extraordinary. How
will the country understand this proposition when
it is stripped of its verbiage and plainly presented
to them? The President and the Secretary of
War are counteracted by their own friends, who
state that their minds have come to a conclusion
different from that of the Administration. They
say that they have received information from
gentlemen, who are competent to give it, and on
■whose judgment they rely. My friend from Vir-
ginia stated that to be the case with him. Is not
tins an intimation that the President and Secretary
of War are not so competent to present informa-
tion upon which the Senate can rtly, as other
fentlemen—probably officers of the Army, or
udian agents—are to communicate facts upon
which the Senate should act? Who are these
men that have conveyed this information to the
Senator? Who are the individuals on whose in-
formation he is willing to bring his mind to the
conclusion that the proposition of the President
and Secretary should not be adopted ? Now, as a
Senator, what am I to do ? Take the recommend-
ation of the President and his Secretary of War,
for I know not the outside gentlemen, whose com-
petency is so great that they should be relied upon
in preference to the Executive Department.
Mr. RUSK. Will the Senator allow me to in-
terrupt him ?
Mr. DAWSON. Yes,sir.
Mr. RUSK. A bill has been reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs, of which the hon-
orable Senator is a member, to provide for four
additional regiments for the regular Army. Such
reports have frequently been made heretofore, but
they have always failed. Then, if we cannot get j
four regiments, are nottwo better than none ? The
proposition of the Senator from Virginia gives us
the two. I hope we shall take that; and if the prop-
osition to raise four regiments can be passed, the
bill on the table, to which 1 have referred, can be
called up and passed in such a shape as to provide
for the other two regiments. My fear is, that by
trying to get the four regiments we shall lose the
whole.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, has it come
to this, that, m a body, two thirds of whose mem-
bers are Administration men, and at a time when
the frontier is suffering, when not only women
and children, but men are frightened, and emi-
grants are clamoring for protection, it is to be f
brought forward here as an argument that the j
recommendation of the Executive cannot be sus-1
tained, because (he representatives of the States, !
and of the people, will not puss a law for the pro- I
tection of the people! This, in my opinion, is |
po argument at all. It implies a want of patriot-
ism; it implies a want of just reflection on the'
pari of the Congress of the United States, to urge
such a consideration.
It is said, however, that this measure cannot be ,
passed. It is said that it has not been passed j
befoie, Why? Was there any alarm on the '
frontier then? Was the suffeung condition of j
New Mexico then such as it has been stated to ;
be now, by the chairman of the Committee on j
Military Affairs? Had the President of the Uni- .
ted States, and the Secretary of War, then laid
before you the calamitous conuition of that section
of the Union? Certainly not; and this may be
some reason why the increase was not made be-
fore. It is almost an insult to the representatives
of fiie nation to suppose that they would be dere-
lict in duty under such circumstances as now i
exist. It is certainly an unkind allegation to come '
from the friends of the Administration, to say this !
ought not to be done, and cannot be done. Why, |
sir, the Executive arm of the Government has j
scarcely ever been so weak in this country that, j
in a just cause, it could not command a majority I
of Congress, even though a majority of both j
Houses were of opposite politics from the Admin-1,
istration. In this case, the party to which the
Administration belongs is overwhelmingly in the
majority, and yet we are told that the Piesident's
recommendation cannot be carried out?
Mr. President, I have not made these remark3
with any feeling as a party man; for, on this sub-
ject, I have yielded every feeling of that sort, and,
in the language of my friend from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] i go for the protection of the country.
The authority which has a right to call upon us
has demanded this. If any calamity should be-
fall the country, if men, women, and children
should suffer from a failure on our part to agree
to the recommendation of the President of the
United States, where will the responsibility rest?
In the first place it would have rested on the Com-
mittee on Military Affiirs if they had failed to
discharge thei r duty; but irrespective of differences
on political questions, all the members of the com-
mittee united to sustain the recommendation of the
President of the United States and the Secretary of
W ar, and we are driven here on this floor to fi^ht
for it. The friends of the Administration tell us
that they are not for the measure which it has re-
commended, but that they wish to diminish the
requisition to two regiments, and five hundred
mounted volunteers, and that everything else is
unnecessary. One Senator tells us that he is
against the proposition of the committee because
he has received information, not from the legiti-
mate or constitutional source, but from outsiders,
showing him that it is unnecessary. If I were
to attack the Administration in that way, it would
be charged on me as unkmdness, growing out of
opposition to it.
Sir, in an hour like this, when there is danger
of an Indian war, no man should think of his
party relations; no one ought to hesitate about a
mere division of opinion. Yet, at thU time, when
the frontier is suffering, we are called upon to
listen to dissertations aboutthechristianization and
civilization of the Indian, although the only point
now before us is, protection against savage bar-
barity. It is not a question of benevolence,
whether we can convert the Indian, and make a
civilized man out of him; but it is a proposition
to protect our own people against his present sav-
age ferocity. It is nothing more nor less than this.
While we are disputing here on a question of this
kind, the frontier may be actually in imminent
peril.
My friend, the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, at the request of the Executive
Department, prepared this amendment; and pro-
posed to insert it on the Army appropriation bill,
in order to expedite the bringing of the force into
the defense of the country. My friend from Vir-
ginia says he has waived all opposition to incor-
porating it into this bill, and he has very properly
done so; but lie presents another proposition in
antagonism to it, which is calculated to lead to
delay. The Committee on Military Affairs have
concurred with the Executive Department on this
subject. We have done so unanimously. \Ve
believe that a force of three thousand men is not
too much. The mode of bringing them into the
field is another question. All we ask now, is an
appropriation to raise the troops, and when we
have done that, weshall have discharged our duty.
Although the Committee on Military Affairs
may be mistaken in their judgment, and may have
improperly indorsed the wishes of the President,
they ought to be presumed, at ieast, to know as
much as the Committee on Finance in relation to
those things which are necessarily thrown before
them for investigation. But, sir, like many other
committees, our influence, I know, is but limited.
Our investigations command but little confidence.
We do not speak ex cathedta. We only speak as
so many peisons; and it is the weight which be-
longs to our recommendations, especially when
they are in conformity with the suggestions of the
Executive, on which we expect to carry them. If
this were a question of finance, of raising revenue
to sustain the Army, the Committee on Finance
would have my support, because 1 invariably con-
sider that they understand the questions submitted
to them, and upon which their minds are necessa-
rily brought to bear. We, however, cannot grum-
ble, as members of the Committee on Military
Affairs, when we perceive that the Executive
himself, and the Secretary of War, seem not to
be heeded by their own political friends. For this
reason, I do not feel in the least incommoded by
the course which is being taken; nor shall I com-
plain of it; nor should 1 have said a word, but for
the fact that yesterday the chairman of the com-
mittee referred to my friend from Tennessee and
myself as concurring in the report of the commit-
tee. We did so, and we are now prepared to
assume the responsibility which that concurrence
devolves on us. We are prepared to sustain the
President of the United States and the Secretary
of War in their recommendation. We believe
that they are acting from pure principles of patri-
otism, and a desire to protect the country. This
measure is, in our judgment, calculated to do this,
and hence we concurred in the report of it.
Mr, PEARCE. Mr. President, I agree with
the Senator from Virginia [Mr. IIunter] in much
that he has said. 1 think his general observa-
tions on this subject just, and his objections to
the employment of a volunteer force seern to me
invincible, and yet, sir, i prefer the proposition of
the Senator from Illinois to that of the Senator
from Virginia. I think that the increase of the
regular Army, which the Senator from Illinois pro-
poses, is demanded by the general exigencies of the
service.' I think the necessity of this increase has
been manifested for many years, or rather since
the acquisition ofthese extensive Territories which
have fallen to us within the last eight years. Those
of us who were here then must recollect that one
of the objections urged to those large acquisitions,
was, that they would render inevitable a very large
increase of the regular Army, if we meant to ex-
tend protection to the Territories which we were
thu3 acquit mg, and which stood so much more in
need of protection than any other part of the
United States. We have acquired, within the last
eight years, a territory quite as Urge as the original
territory of the Union, considerably more than a
million of square miles, a territory sparsely set-
tled, for the most part inhabited only by fierce
bands of Indians, not familiar with our power, not
accustomed to respect our Government, habituated
to a life of savage predatory incursions and war-
fare. Besides the settlements which are to be pro-
tected in those distant and thinly peopled regions,
we are called upon toprotect our emigrants passing'
from the Atlantic to the Pacific coast.
Sir, all this renders necessary the increase of
force which has been asked for by the Senator
from Illinois. I suppose the Senate are quite well
aware that the greater proportion of the regular
Army now has been drawn off to these new coun-
tries, to defend Texas, California, and New Mex-
ico, Oregon, and Washington. In all the United
States east of the Mississippi, we have a military
force of only one thousand five hundred and
seventy-four officers and men, of whom five hun-
dred are m Florida alone. In Texas, which is a
military department, there are two thousand miles
of routes through the Indian country, over which
emigrants are frequently passing to New Mexico
and the Pacific. In this department thereare two
thousand eight hundred and eighty-six officers and
men to keep in check thirty thousand Indians,
for the most part predatory, and to repress hostil-
ities <>„ Mexican frontier. Jn the department
of New Mexico, with a larger Indian population,
more unused to the authority of the United States,
and trained to plunder and violence, we have one
thousand six hundred and fifty-four officers and
men. In the rest of the vast region between the
Rocky mountains and the Mississippi, the In-
dian population of which is estimated at one hun-
dred and eighty thousand, and many of whom are
hostile m feeling to us, we have one thousand
eight hundred and thirty-five officers and men to
man our posts and protect the emigrants to Cdi-
forma, and Oregon, and Washington. In the de-
partment composed of these last Territories and
State, with Ufah, in which the Indian population
is supposed to be over one hundred and thirty
thousand, and where there are two thousand milfs
of emigrant routes through their country, we have
one thousand three hundred and sixty-five officers
and men our whole effective force is about eleven
thousand men—six thousand of whom are scat-
tered through the vast Territories acquired within
the last few years, and more are now imperatively
demanded lor the same service, and were under
orders at the beginning of this session. All this
1 learn from the Secretary's report.
# oo pressing have been the demands, and fo
inadequate the forces to be supplied, that our regi-
ments of artillery are no longer receiving the
