THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JAJNUARY 31, 1855.
New Series.,..No. 30.
This is the information communicated to us by
the proper authority; and hence it was, that the
President proposed that we should immediately
raise three thousand volunteers. The Senator has
asked whether I have yielded my desire to raise
that force? Not at all. Not the first word has
fallen from my lips to give authority for such an
idea. The object of the committee was to place
it within the pQwer or the President, through his
Secretary of War, to give immediate protection,
which they so strongly represent to be necessary.
For doing this, and for sustaining the President
and the Secretary of War in this recommendation
of theirs, I am called a new convert in support of
the Administration; and the Senator from Vir-
ginia says he dislikes such a competition, and
claims to act independently upon his own sense of
duty and his own judgment. Who ever denied
him the right of doing that? All that I said was,
that he was doing injustice to one of the Depart-
ments of the Government, when he chose not to
rely upon their^official statements, but to takeout-
side information. When we come to reduce the
matter to a point, it seems that there is a differ-
ence of opinion in the Cabinet, and that the In-
terior Department claims the right of conducting
war affairs, and managing governmental pbhcy in
regard to wars with the Indians. I would not say
this, but the Senator seeftis to indicate that the
source of the information, on which we are to rely,
should be obtained from the Interior Department.
He tells us that there are two sources, and lie
chooses to take the information from the Depart-
ment of the interior.
What! said—and I said it with all kindness
and friendship for the Senator—was, that I would
rely upon the information communicated to us by
the Executive. The official information trans-
mitted to us by the President and Secretary of
War, will always be respected by me, and I shall
never fail to concur in their recommendations,
when the object is to defend our people on the
frontier—men, women, and children, who are
* exposed to danger. If I had consulted my party
feelings, I might have been inclined to oppose the
granting of the volunteers asked for by the Exec-
utive; but I felt that a crisis had arrived, when
political feelings should not be allowed to influence
my judgment. Under such circumstances, i came
Mfethe conclusion to support this measure of the
Administration. Perhaps I was too free with my
friend from Virginia when i said he was going
against it.
I stated before that the Committee on Military
Affairs, after a full investigation of the subject,
came, with great unanimity, to the conclusion
that the ExecutiveGoverhment, through its proper
departments, .should be relied upon in their state-
ment of the emergency which was impending,
and that we should not hesitate to respond to the
call made by the President and Secretary of War.
Even if we felt a doubt on the subject, our duty
towards the citizens on the frontier and the emi-
grants requires that the benefit of that doubt
should be made to inure to their protection. For
this I have been arraigned as a new convert to
the Administration; but i say now that 1 am will-
ing, on all occasions, to do what I deem proper
for the interests of the country. When this
Administration, or any other, pursues a high-
minded and honorable course, laya down its posi-
tion and asks me to do my duty as a citizen, I
shall not allow my official positton or political
affinities to swerve me from the discharge of my
duty.
The Senator from Virginia seems to think that
I insinuated that he ought not to have any judg-
ment on this matter because he was the chairman
of the Committee on Finance. That is not what
I said. I did say that every man should be pre-
sumed to know more on those subjects which he
most studied than on others, and that every Sen-
ator should be supposed to understand the subjects
referred to him, and which he had investigated.
I stated that the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs had thoroughly examined this
question, that those associated with him on the
30
committee had joined him in doing so, and that
this afforded, at least, a presumption that they un-
derstood the facts. If the Senator from Virginia
has better information, it is because he has con-
sulted outsiders. Outside information shall not
control me in the discharge of my duties as a
member of the Committee on Military Affairs,
but I will go to the proper source from which
such information ought to emanate, and if 1 am
furnished with such facts as to convince me that
the measures proposed are proper for the safety
of the country, 1 will sustain them. I certainly
intended no d isrespect to the Senator from Virginia
when I alluded to him as the head of the Com-
mittee on Finance. His vindication seems to be
that this measure ia proposed as an amendment
to an appropriation bill which comes from his
committee, and, therefore, he supposes he has a
right to control it. The proposition has been pre-
sented by the Committeeon Military Affairs. As
there is a pressing emergency, he has proposed to
incorporate the measure intoan appropriation bill,
in order to expedite its passage through both
Houses of Congress. That is the reason why it
has been proposed to be inserted in this bill, and
it is a sufficient answer to the remarks of the
Senator from Virginia on this point.
Sir, I concur in the deserved compliment paid
by the Senator from Virginia to my friend from
Texas, [Mr. Rusk.] The ground upon which
the latter Senator based his argument, was an
apprehension that the measures which he desired
could not be passed, He is justified in giving his
vote according to that opinion. My reply simply
is, that the emergency is so pressing, the neces-
sity is so great, and the duty of Congress is so
plain, that I do not doubt the passage of any
measure necessary to protect our borders and
preserve peace. I cannot believe otherwise, until
1 see the action of Congress upon it.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, the honorableSen-
ator from Georgia expiesses full confidence that
the proposition to add four regiments to the Army
will prevail, if it be attached to the appropriation
bill. Now, ftiave just aa firm a confidence in the
opposite opinion. This is not a question of the
precedence of committees, nor is it a question <jf
party drill, or disagreements between different
members of the Administration, or between the
Administration and its friends here. The ques-
tion before us is, whether we shall afford protec-
tion to the frontier settlers of the country, and to
the emigrants who pass across the plains to the Pa-
cific coast. Ever since this Administration came
into power recommendations have been made for
an increase of the Array to meet the necessities of
the country. The proper officers, foreseeing that
the difficulties which are now upon us would ensue
from the exposed condition of our country, asked
for an increase of the Army. The Committeeon
Military Affairs reported in favor of that proposi-
tion, but Congies* has not agieed to it. The
measure has been before Congress for two years;
but still the Army has not been increased, and
the frontier yet remains unprotected.
Now, sir, it happens to be the opinion of a
majority of those Senators whose constituents are
the most interested in this matter, who are the
most exposed to these depredations, that, on this
bill, you cannot carry the proposition to raise four
additional regiments. It happens, also, to be
their opinion, that, if you give them two regiments
of regulars and five hundred rangers, as proposed
by the Senator from Virginia, the protection which
they seek will be afforded. The honorable Sena-
tor from Georgia will not give us this protection,
because he says we must go the whole figure, or
get nothing; we must, as good party men, come
up to the recommendations made by the President,
and, as a matter of etiquette, we musfagree to the
proposition of the Committee on Military Affairs,
and must take four regiments, or nothing. That
is his argument. He says he has no doubt that
the provision for raising four regiments can pass,
because the emergency is so pressing that Con-
gress will see the propriety of passing it. I have
very great doubts of it. Suppose the honorable
Senator should be mistaken in his belief, what
will be the result? Suppose we insert in this bill
the provision for raising four regiments, and it
fails; we shall be then just where we have been
for the last two years, without any protection for
the frontier, and we shall be forced to this position
on a matter of etiquette, according to his argu-
ment. If, however, he should be correct in his
supposition, no damage can result from agreeing
to the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Virginia. If his idea be correct, surely the pro-
vision for two mounted regiments of regulars and
five hundred rangers, will pass both Houses of
Congress. I have certainly every reason to be-
lieve that it will receive the favorable action of the
Senate.
Mr. PRATT. Will the honorable' Senator
permit me to ask him a single question?
Mr. RUSK. Certainly.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to put a question to the
honorable Senator, because I have a strong reli-
ance on his judgment in such matters as this,
which, I am free to admit, I have not in the judg-
ment of some of those who have spoken upon it.
I wish to ask him whether four regiments are not
necessary for the military service of the country?
Does he not believe that the amendment of the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs ought to be adopted? Is it not right, in
his judgment?
Mr. RUSK. I shall not vote for that amend-
ment. I shall vote for raising two additional regi-
ments.
Mr. PRATT. I do not ask how the Senatof
will vote, but whether it is not right and proper
to raise the four regiments ?
Mr. RUSK. Not on this bill, and for the rea-
son that, if it be attempted here now, it will prove
a total failure.
Mr.'PRATT. The Senator's argument is, that
it is not right that it should pass because he thinks
it cannot pass.
Mr. RUSK. If the honorable Senator will give
me time I will explain the matter to him. If the
provision for four regiments can pass, certainly
the provision for two cannot fail. In my opinion—
I judge from the past as well as the present—
the attempt to raise four regiments will result in
total defeat, and we shall be_ left without any
increase of force. My opinion further is—and in
this I concur with a majority of those whose con-
stituents are" most deeply interested—that if you
attach the two regiment provision to this bill it
will pass both Houses of Congress, and protec-
tion will be afforded to us. The honorable Sena-
tor from Georgia, and the honorable Senator from
Maryland, seem to think that the proposition to
raise four regiments will pass because it ought to
pass. Then why can they not allow us to obtain
these two regiments now, and afterwards call up
the bill for raising four regiments, and act upon
! it as an independent measure? I ask them to yield
a little to our opinions, based on the experience
of a two years'attempt to get protection from Con-
gress.
Mr. SHIELDS. Let me say to the honorable
Senator that, if we now adopt the provision for
two regiments, there will be no possibility of
obtaining the other "two regiments of which he
speaks.
Mr. RUSK. I do not think there is much pos-
sibility of obtaining the four regiments anyhow.
Mr. SHIELDS. Let me ask the Senator
whether he is not now giving his opinion in rela-
tion to the House of Representatives, and not ill
relation to this body ? Is he not speculating as to
the temper of the House—not the temper of the
Senate ?
Mr. RUSK. I am speaking from experience.
Mr. SHIELDS. I mean to say that four regi-
ments are necessary, and that, if we make the
effort, we can pass a provision for four regiments
as well as we can for two regiments and a frac-
tion.
Mr. PRATT. Pass it here—in this body?
Mr. SHIELDS. Yes, sir; pass it here; and
if we stand together we can get it passed in the
