466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 80,
m House; but if we provide now for only two regi-
ments and a fraction, we shall get no more for
sessions to come.
Mr. RUSK. Well, sir, that same game has
failed to win for years back. The Administration
which preceded this asked for an increase of mil-
itary force, but it was not granted. This Admin-
istration has made a similar recommendation, but
no increase of force has yet been granted._ Now
the gentlemen are seeking to kill the frontier with
kindness. If they should insist on the four regi-
ment proposition, and it should fail now, as it has
failed heretofore, what will be the effect? Will it
not be just the same to the frontier as though they
had voted against giving any protection at all ? If
the emergency of which gentlemen speak operates
on both branches of Congress, so as to make a
majority of each willing to grant four regiments,
they will surely have no objection to inserting two
of those regiments in this appropriation bill, and
providing for two more in their proper place. 1
repeat, Mr. Fillmore and the present President
of the United States have asked for additional
military force to protect the frontier, but it has not
been granted. Now, in my judgment, if you in-
sert in this bill a provision for four regiments, you
will defeat the whole measure, and we shall still
be without protection. I ask Senators—for the
protection of the frontier, for the protection of the
emigrant routes to Oregon and California—to adopt
the amendment of the Senator from Virginia, and
give us two regiments of mounted men and five
hundred rangera. After we shall have done that,
I shall cheerfully join gentlemen in taking from
the table and passing the bill to provide for two
additional regiments of infantry.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, if the question
were to turn on the argument of the honorable
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] I should forbear
to make any observations on the subject. I am
aware that it is one with which he is familiar,
and that his parliamentary experience authorizes
him to speak .with some confidence in regard to it.
I should like to know why, if the House should
come to the conclusion that something was,neces-
sary to be done, and we should agree to the propo-
sition to raise four regiments, they might not
reduce the number to two if they thought four too
many? If the House should do this, should we
not then have the subject within our control. I
am at a loss to perceive why the Senator from
Texas supposes we shall endanger the whole
proposition for increasing the Army by voting for
n greater increase than the House would agree to.
If it turns upon that, I do not think there is much
in the argument.
Mr. IIUSIC. I have already stated that an in-
crease of the Army has been asked for by the
Executive for four years past, and at the end of
the four years we have not obtained it.
Mr. BKLL. We may suppose, however, that
the evidence which has been adduced by the state-
. ments which were read from the Secretary's desk
to-day, taken from the communications of the Pre-
sident and Secretary of War, has had some effect
not only upon the Senate, as we plainly perceive,
but also upon the House of Representatives. Under
this state of things, if the Senate should agree to
increase the regular Army by the addition of two
regiments of infantry and two regiments of
mounted men, and the House should be of opin-
ion that two regiments would suffice, would it not
be perfectly competent for them to cut down the
proposition of the Senate from four to two regi-
ments of regulars, and to grant five hundred vol-
unteers as proposed by the honorableSenator from
Virginia? What is to forbid them doing this? Or
is it to be supposed that the House would be of the
opinion that no increase of the military force of
the country is necessary for the defense of the
frontier? 1 think, oil the whole, that we hazard
nothing in acting upon oar own judgment as to the
necessary increase of the military force.
The original proposition of the President, ap-
proved by the Secretary of War, was, as 1 under-
stand it, that there should be art increase of the
regular Army to the extent of four regiments;
and that, in addition to this increase, in order to
answer the present exigency, as a defense against
threatened combinations on the frontier, a force
of three thousand volunteers ought to be immedi-
ately called out. By what seems to be the pretty
general sentiment of the Senate, it is considered
inexpedient to grant three thousand volunteers;
and it i3 not sought now to grant more than five
hundred. As a substitute for the proposition" to
grant four regiments of regular troops, and five
hundred volunteers, the Senator from Virginia
proposes to allow two regiments of mounted men,
regulars, and five hundred rangers, or twenty-five
hundred in place of four thousand five hundred
regulars and volunteers, recommended by the
Executive.
The question now presented to the Senate is,
whether only two regiments should be added to
the regular Army of the United States, or whether,
according to the views presented by the honorable
Senator from Illinois, it is not expedient that
there should be an increase of at least four regi-
ments of regulars, even if we abandon the idea of
any greater number of volunteers than five hun-
dred? Let, us look at this point. The present
nominal force of the Army of the United States,
i3 fourteen thousand, under the legal organization
of the military establishment; but, according to
the experience and observation of military men,
(owing to the condition of military service, the im-
pediments to regular recruiting to fill vacancies and
supply casualties,) the proportion of eleven to four-
teen is about the proportion of effective to nominal
force. This ratio is not only at the present mo-
ment, but is likely to be for the future, the pro-
portion of the effective to the nominal force of the
rank and file. The honorable Senator from Illi-
nois thinks that if we abandon the idea of author-
izing the calling forth of three thousand volunteers,
as recommended by the Executive, two regiments
j of mounted men, with the five hundred volunteers
proposed by the Senator from Virginia, will not
be adequate to the defense of the frontiers, in the
present exigency. Well, sir, according to the
proportion which I have stated of eleven to four-
teen, the effective increase of the military force
proposed by the honorableSenator from Virginia,
will be onljt between fourteen and fifteen hundred
of the rank and file of the regulars, and from four
to five hundred volunteers. It is likely that when
you organise your volunteer force, and march
them to the frontier, there will not be mor; than
four hundred effective men; but suppose there
should be five hundred, you will not, according to
the proposition of the Senator from Virginia, have
an effective increase of both regulars and volun-
teers, of more than eighteen or nineteen hundred
rank and file.
Now, what is the great increafS which, it is
said., is proposed by the honorable Senator from
Illinois? Ho proposes to add four regiments of
regular troops, two of infantry, and two of mounted
men. What will be the probable effective increase
made by that proposition? When those regiments
shall be recruited, if the proportion of eleven to
fourteen be continued, you would have about two
thousand eight hundred effective men, and no
more rank and file—not equal to the three thou-
sand volunteers proposed by the Executive. The
entire increase suggested by the Senator from
Illinois is only about two thousand eight hundred
effective men, and that proposed by the Senator
from Virginia is about one thousand eight hun-
dred.
Sir, let us look at the present condition of the
country. I do not wish to go into it in any detail;
but I think, on a question of this sort, we are
bound to consider what force the necessities of the
country, at the present time, call for. The effect-
ive rank and file of the United States Army
j: amount, now, to about eleven thousand men.
|| We have two thousand four hundred miles of sea-
| board on the Atlantic. Along this sea-board we
I' have numerous fortifications, which are not gar-
j| risoned. 1 understand that, in someofthem, there
j! are hardly enough troops to keep them in order,
1 and preserve them from dilapidation. We have
one thousand six hundred miles of ocean border
on the Pacific, in front of the State of California
and the Territories of Washington and Oregon.
We have no fortifications there, except one in
course of construction near San Francisco. We
have no barracks there, no arsenals for the deposit
or construction of arms; and still we have one
thousand six hundred miles of ocean border there.
Then, we have a line of frontier extending from
the mouth of the Rio Grande, up that' river, and
thence to the Pacific ocean, on the line between
the United States and Mexico, which is somewhat
more than one thousand five hundred miles. We
know that exigencies are likely to arise at any
time upon that border, and we ought to have
military forces stationed at proper intervals along
it, wherever it is likely they would be useful in
repressing disorders, irregularities, and incursions.
1 say nothing of the border between the Umted
States and the British possessions in the north. It
is not, perhaps, necessary at this time to take that
into consideration, though some reference ought to
be had to it .when we come to estimate the stand-
ing military force of the United States, at all times
ready to defend our frontier against insolence and
aggression.
I have stated the extent of our foreign borders
to be more than ten thousand miles. In addition
to this, we have an internal frontier demanding,
in the present condition of affairs,'the attention of
the legislative and executive departments of the
Government, more than our external frontier.
We have, in round numbers, eight thousand miles
of internal frontier, infested by numerous and
warlike Indian tribes, not only on this, but also
on the other side of the Rocky mountains. The
honorable Senator from Illinois has referred to
statements verified by the reports from the Exec-
utive Departments, showing that in Texas alone
there is a body of thirty thousand Indians, the
largest proportion of whom are prepared to be-
come hostile, and to menace the peace and safety
of the border white settlements whenever sufficient
temptation is offered to their cupidity, or to their
natural instinct for warfare.
In New Mexico, we have an Indian frontier of
about fourteen hundred or fifteen hundred miles,
with about fifty thousand wild Indians; I do not
include the Pueblos; buttheNavajos and Apaches,
and other wild tribes, \#ho have not acknowledged
the authority of the United States and are not ac-
customed to our power—wild Indians who have
for centuries liveel by depredations upon the indus-
try, and the fruits of the toil of the Pueblos or
civilized Indians, and the Mexicans upon their
borders, east and south of them. It will begen-
erations before these fifty thousand Indians can be
brought into subordination. But few of them
have cultivated fields. It is their natural, normal
state, to live by depredations upon their indus-
trious and civilized neighbors.
Then look to the condition of things in Cali-
fornia. I do not speak now of her ocean frontier.
There is no exigency or crisis existing to call
particular attention to that. But there you have
an internal border infested by numerous small
tribes of Indians, who are estimated, I believe, to
amount to fifty thousand. We have been repeat-
edly urged, on this floor, to make large and liberal
appropriations to establish some policy which
would repress the hostile dispositions of tho e
Indians; but we have not yet succeeded, nor are
we likely soon to succeed in subduing their war-
like propensities.
In Oregon and Washington Territories we have
an Indian frontier of seven hundred or^ight hun-
dred miles in extent, also infested with numerous
small tribes of Indians, with a general disposition
to be hostile whenever they find the frontier un-
protected. So on our frontier on this side the
Rocky mountains, from the British possessions
to the south, a thousand miles in extent. To be
sure, we have nothing to apprehend from the south-
ern tribes, situated west of Arkansas on that line;
but they form only a small proportion of the large
frontier, extending from the 49th parallel of north
latitude to the Rio Grande on the south, leaving
out of consideration Texas, for I have referred to
her before.
Besides these, we haveUtah; and there we have
not only to look after the Indians who are dis-
posed to be hostile, but we have other reasons, if
we consult the true interests and policy of this
country, why the Great Salt Lake valley and the
Territory of Utah should, at all times and under
all circumstances, be occupied by at least one regi-
ment of regular troops. 1 was originally opposed
to the formation of that country into a territorial
government. I voted against it, even when it was
presented as one of the famous compromise bills
of 1850. I repudiated the idea of establishing an
independent Territory with such large limits, and
putting it under the control of a people with whom
we had no security that we should not be in hostile
conflict within five years, or a shorter period of
time. Less than one regiment ought ne\er to be
established there, not only to defend the Mormons
against the incursions of Indians, as it is our duty
