468
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J anuary 30,
think of ever settling down in the neighborhood of
any post or fort, and of seeking subsistence by-
agriculture. There are at least twenty, or thirty,
or forty thousand west of Hew Mexico. Who
has ever heard of any disposition on their part to
settle down ? Who expects it in the present gen-
eration? When I speak of forty-five thousand of
roving praiHe Indians, the Arabs of our deserts,
not his side of the Rocky mountains, I do not
mean to include the Indians of New Mexico.
There are some thirty or forty thousand, some say
fifty thousand; and if they are restrained,as prob-
ably they will be from late occurrences, from dep-
redations upon New Mexico, they must subsist
by depredating upon the peaceful inhabitants, the
Pueblo Indians, and Spaniards settled in New
Mexico.
Here, sir, then, instead of two hundred thou-
sand wild Indians likely to become hostile, I only
assume there are one hundred thousand; and about
fifteen thousand of them will be warriors. What
is their condition ? How are they to live ? How
are they to subsist ? Either by plunder, or by the
aid which they receive from their more powerful
and flourishing and industrious neighbors or pro-
tectors, the sovereigns of the teintory, the masters
who can claim the territory on which they reside.
-I said the other day, as lying at the very foundation
of our policy, that there are only two alternatives:
You must feed or you must exterminate these
hundred thousand Indians. 1 will only assume
that there are about one hundred thousand; which,
I think, is about a third of the whole aggregate
amount of the Indians in the United States, and
it is only one fourth of the assumed aggregate of
four hundred thousand. I will assume that there
are only one hundred thousand who are dependent
exclusively upon the chase for subsistence. They
can bring only fifteen thousand warriors into the
field, most of them mounted upon good Indian
durable horses. I assume that those fifteen thou-
sand, unless you subsist and feed them, can
keep in alarm and excitement, and reasonable or
rational fear of constant incursions, the entire ter-
ritory of two thousand miles. Those fifteen thou-
sand warriors—it is unnecessary to assume that
there will be forty thousand—do not go in large
forces. Five hundred, or perhaps a thousand,
will be the utmost they will ever muster in one
body; and whenever you send a force of troops to
meet them they will flee and escape from you. I
said the other day that the alternative is to subsist
these Indians—and in a few years it will come to
that question—or exterminate them. Therefore,
I agree with the honorable Senator from Texas.
It is not only more- consistent with the feelings
and character of the people of the United States to
subsist them, but it would be the most economical
plan of meeting their necessities.
In a few years it must come to that dire neces-
sity. You are penetrating their country as the
other honorable Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk]
stated, on four or five distinct routes of emigration.
Honorable Senators have said that thirty or forty
thousand emigrants go upon those routes annually
to California, New Mexico,Oregon,or Washing-
ton. They intersect the route of the buffalo, the
principal, almost the exclusive source of subsist-
ence for the Indians, in four or five different direc-
tions. The Indians see that their only hope of
natural subsistence is likely to be cut off. There-
fore, sir, I say that our true policy is to conciliate
the Indians, and make liberal treaties with them.
Promise them—and when we promise, always
comply—a liberal distribution of provisions in
kind, year and year, and perhaps twice a year
upon our border, both east and west; but, at the
same time, it is indispensably necessary to keep
an adequate force distributed upon both those bor-
ders, in order to show the Indians that any ingrat-
itude on their part for the liberality of the United
States will be promptly punished; not by moving
a large army with banners m array, but by having
troops upon our frontier, with horses as fleet as
their own, and with men trained to the service.
You will find them in thegorgesof the mountains,
and they can be tracked by such men as we had
of old in the frontiers of Kentucky and Tennes-
see, on the borders of the Cherokee nation, the
Tand from which my honorable friend from Texas
sprung. That is the only way to do it—to have
an adequate force, not in large numbers, but dis-
tributed at proper points all around our western
frontier, and the frontier the other side of the
Rocky mountains; and also to keep up the liberal
distribution of the means of subsistence. The
Indians must live. They will live or they will
die with their arms crimsoned in the blood of the
frontier settlers. You must have the subsistence;
but you must also have the force to show that if
they do not accept our charities and be peaceable,
but still pursue their native instincts for war, we
have the power to chastise them.
These are the grounds upon which I think the
increase of the regular Army to two thousand
eight hundred men is not too small an increase.
I willingly abandon the idea of employing volun-
teers. 1 would have voted fo/ it on an exigency;
but I agree with some gentlemen that I do not
think the exigency is so pressing.
I opposed the proposition of appointing three
commissioners, I did it upon catling to mind
some past experience on the subject, when com-
missioners were sent to our western frontier upon
a similar occasion, recollecting how total the fail-
ure was, and how grievously disappointed were
not only myself, but all those who concurred with
me in the proposition of the Executive. Politicians
are too often sent out with no knowledge of the
Indian character, and no adequate comprehension
of our true Indian policy. I do not care what the
disposition and intentions of the President or Sec-
retary of War may be, I know how difficult it is,
the way things are managed now-a-days, and not
now only, but for the last twenty or thirty years,
for him to carry out his own wishes.. The com-
missioners could perform no valuable service that
cannot be better performed by our agents, now in
our official -employ upon our frontiers.
I suppose that the idea was that the commis-
sioners should go in advance of the troops. I un-
derstand now they were expected to go at the head
of, perhaps, five hundred, to penetrate the Indian
country, and hold out, it is said, the olive branch
of peace, backed by a military force close in the
rear. As I said to one gentleman, in private con-
versation, and I should like to know from the
Senator from Texas on that subject, what would
such a man as General Jackson make of the three
commissioners, who would go to govern and con-
trol him, when he was sent into an Indian coun-
try to repress Indian hostilities? Why, sir, on
the first day's march he would put them under
arrest, probably. The army, in a case of that
description, could not advance at ail. The sup-
position was, that the commissioners were im-
mediately to'inform the officer which of the tribes
of Indians were disposed to be peaceable, so that
he should know where he shoulcl direct the force?
whether he should march in one direction or not.
But, sir, are not the agents as likely to obtain
this information ? We established the policy which j
-is now in operation some three or four years ago. |
It has worked well; there is no necessity for a '
resort to the former policy of appointing men here
who are unaccustomed to the Indian character, or
to the wants of the Indian tribes. But it may be
said, that the President would be sure to appoint
such men. If they will attempt to select gentle-
men competent and experienced in Indian affairs
to be our superintendents and agents, I will go
with them to appoint such, because I think they
may have a proper perception of th£ true policy
of the Government, and of the management of
Indian affairs. As to obtaining information, the
Indian agents can get it much more speedily; they
can tell more readily what tribes are hostile, and
what are not, if we desire to know that before we
determine whether to send the three thousand men.
Those men can go with the oh\e branch, a few
days in advance, if you please, or at the head of
a detachment of three hundred or four hundred
men, into the Indian country.
From these various considerations, sir, I think,
I for the purpose of repressing hostilities on both
!; our borders east and west of the Rocky mount-
;i ains, two thousand and eight hundred of an in-
■' crease in the regular Army, rank and file, is the
! very minimum which ought to be adopted by the
I Senate, and be carried through Congress. The
|j honorable Senator from Texas says you are dis-
'] regarding the recommendation of those who are
j most interested m the frontier; that they ought to
' know better, and that they will feel the conse-
quences of the action of the Government. I re-
j peat the sentiment with which I commenced, in
!: reply to the honorable Senator from Texas, if
•' there is any contingency at all, any necessity for
an increase of the Army, if we make theincrease,
let it come down to what they think expedient.- It
will be m the power of the Senate to agree to that;
, and I say, with cordiality, I would ae;ree to it if
j it should be only one regiment, if th§y would
! agree to no more. I will agree to the proposition
! of the honorable Senator from Virginia, if that is
the ultimatum or the limit to which they will go.
Mr. WELLER. I do not know whether it is
the intention of the chairman of the Committee
on Finance to sit out this bill to-day ?
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall try to sit it
out.
Mr. WELLER. I have a remark or two to
make upon this subject, as I come from a section
of the Union which will be deeply affected by the
course the Senate may see proper to adopt. There
seems to be no difference of opinion in the Senate
as to the necessity of increasing the military force
of the country, however widely we may differ aa
to the amount of that increase, or the manner in
which it should be made. The Senator from
Georgia seems to claim a great deal of credit for
sustaining the proposition made by the President
of the United States, for the purpose of giving pro-
tection to our frontier settlers. Now, sir, the
executive branch of the Government, year after
year, has called upon the legislative department
for an increase in the Army. The reasons for
that increase have been assigned. There have
been citizens of the United States murdered on
their way over the plains. The property of our
citizens has been destroyed. The Executive now
comes before us and asks for an increase m the
Army in order to give that protection; and my
fnena from Georgia makes a merit of going for it!
1 never doubted that that Senator, or my friend
from Tennessee, who also seems to claim to
be the friend of the Administration, would stand
j by the Government when that Government was
! likely to be involved in war, either with Indians or
I with foreign nations. I therefore think there is
! no particular credit to be given to those Senators,
j because their parts of the country are just as much
interested in having the frontier protected as
others. As Americans, they cannot but feel as
much interest in the question as we who live on
the frontiers. Sir, it is not a party recommenda-
tion. It is the Executive officer of the Govern-
ment asking for an increase of the military force
in order to give protection to the frontiers, and to
the emigrants passing from the Atlantic to the
Pacific. I never supposed,foramomenr, thatany
of the party feelings which have controlled the
conduct of the Senator from Georgia, would be
allowed to control his action when called upon to
vote for such an increase to protect our helpless,
our defenseless frontier. His constituents, and
the constituents of other Senators, are passing
through the Indian country on their way to God's
chosen land, (California,) and they are demanding
protection against the tomahawk and scalping
knife of the Indian. If the Federal Government
has become so weak that it cannot extend this
protection, it will soon cease to command the con-
fidence or respect of the people.
Now, Mr. President, as to the force proposed to
be raised. The proposition made by the Presi-
dent of the United States was, for Congress to
grant authority to raise three thousand volunteers.
That proposition met with the approval of the
Committee on Military Affairs, rfowever widely
they might have differed from the President as to
the propriety of raising three thousand volunteers
for such a service, they did not hesitate when the
Executive officer of the Government, with all his •
responsibility resting upon him, asked for that in-
creaae. But that proposition has been withdrawn.
There are now two amendments before the Sen-
ate: One is offered by my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. SiitELDs,] to increase the regular Army of
the United States, by the organization of four
additional regiments; the other is the proposition
of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] to
increase it by the organization of two mounted
regiments, and five hundred rangers. If the object
I be to meet the present difficulty only; if you merely
■ desire to give to the President of the United Spates
i a sufficient force to repress Indian hostilities; if
; you only desire to give to him a force sufficient to
: afford protection to the emigrants passing from the
Atlantic to the Pacific side of the continent, then,
j in my judgment, you will have fully attained that
object by the adoption of the amendment of the
