1955.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
Senator from Virginia. I say that two additional
regiments, properly placed upon the emigrant
routes, with the establishment of military posts at
convenient points, and fivehundred rangers to keep
the connection between those posts, in my judg-
ment, would give all the protection which the
people of that section of the Union desire. Then
military posts ought, for the present, at least, to
be established within fifty miles of each other.
Then our citizens will soon settle around those
posts where the land is susceptible of cultivation,
and will soon be strong Aough to defend them-
selves. Establish these posts, and our enterpris-
ing citizens will soon give you a daily line of stage
coaches from St. Louis to San Francisco. Give
us protection against the Indians, and we shall
have a daily line of stages through this much
misrepresented country.
I wish it to be understood, however, that I am
in favor of an increase of the Army, in the manner
proposed by the Senator from Illinois. I believe
that the public interest requires that it should be
increased at least four additional regiments. You
have gone on and extended your country, until
you have added almost a continent to your ac-
quisitions. You have acquired, since the treaty
of Guadalupe Hidalgo, one hundred and sixty-
eight thousand Indians within your limits. If
the Army of the United States has been only
large enough to afford protection m times past,
then, in my judgment, it ia demonstrated that it
is too small now. I do not know of any Senator,
except the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Houston,]
who has complained that the Army has ever been
too large. If it has not beep too large, I say, in
years that are past, then, since these acquisitions,
it is clearly too small. 1 go, therefore, for an
increase of the Army; but., as 1 said before, if
your only object is to provide a military force to
disperse these Indians, to repress insurrections,
to quiet the Indians, to prevent the difficulties
upon the frontiers, then what is proposed by the
Senator from Virginia is amply sufficient. Two
additional regiments of mounted men, with five
hundred rangers, and the force already stationed
in Utah and New Mexico will, I think, be en-
tirely sufficient. A great deal will depend upon the
manner in which the force would be stationed.
All that will be necessary, in my judgment, will
be the establishment of military posts in that re-
gion of country, with a band of rangers to act as
scouts and keep up the connection between the
posts extending from the Rio Grande to the Cali-
fornia line.
There are none of us who desire nn Indian
war, and more especially is that State from which
I come, averse to it. A large portion of our popu-
lation—the most valuable portion of our popula-
tion in California—reach that country by the over-
land route. They go with their families. They
go with their stock. They contribute to the wealm
of our State much more than those who reach
there by the ocean steamers. We desire, there-
fore, above all things, to keep that line of commu-
nication open and undisturbed, so that the emi-
grants passing there, with their valuable stock, shall
not sustain loss, either in their property or their
lives. A majority of those who have been re-
garded as our most valuable citizens have passed
over the plains, and such will probably be the
case in years to come. Whilst you are expend-
ing thousands in keeping up a communication
with California by sea, I have a right to demand
that those overland emigrants shall not be aban-
doned to the tender mercies of the ruthless savages.
As long as they stand upon American soil, they
have a right to demand protection. I
I agree with the Senator from Texas that many !
of those wars have been provoked by bad white
men. It has sometimes been the case that a large
party of emigrants,wending their way to California,
finding that some of their property had been de-
stroyed by Indians, have inflicted summary ven-
geance upon them. Upon the next party that came
along, which was not so strong—perhaps they had
women and children—the Indians took their re-
venge. So far as that party was concerned, the
attack was wholly unprovoked; but you have to
look back to the one which preceded it in order to
determine who was originally in the wrong. Sir,
many years ago, when an allusion was made to
the aggressions inflicted by the Indians upon the
white men, as recorded in history, it was signifi-
cantly remarked by an Indian, "The Indians
have no historian." We may say so; at this day,
Mr. President, they have no newspaper to record
the outrages which white men may commit upon
them; and hence, as the Senator trom Texas has
well said, we oftentimes*do them injustice. The
barbarities of the red men are published and repub-
lished in a thousand piesses, but no chronicle re-
cords the outrages perpetrated by the white man;
the story of his wrongs is untold, unrecorded.
I desire, so far as 1 am concerned, to adopt a
system of conciliation; but I hold that it is utterly
impossible to conciliate those who are now upon
your frontiers in open arms against you. They
have tasted of blood, and the strong arm of milita-
ry power alone can restrain them. That the Sioux
Indiana are now confederating m anticipation of a
feneral war with the Government, is undeniable.
'hose Indians made a treaty with Colonel Mitch-
ell in 1850. Before the treaty wait ratified by the
Senate of the United States, it was openly disre-
garded, openly violated. Official notice of the
fact was transmitted to the Department here, that
immediately after the treaty they had notoriously
disregarded it; and they are now confederating
together in anticipation of a war with this Gov-
ernment. They feel and know that their out-
rages cannot be sufFered to pass unpunished. To
avoid a repetition you must teach them that our
Government will never allow such barbarities to
pass unievenged. Until they feel and know the
power of the United Slates, they never will respect
the rights of our people. If we would restrain
them, we must make them jear war. A- weak
nation never commands their respect.
Now, Mr. President, I would not go so far as
the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.] 1 un-
derstand him to say that there ought to be at least
a full regiment stationed m theTerritory of Utah.
| If the Senator will take the trouble to look, he
j will find that there are only twelve thousand ln-
j dians in Utah; and if it requires a full regiment
j to control twelve thousand there, how many regi-
j ineiits would be required to control fifty-eight
l thousand in New Mexico ? There are fifty-eight
j thousand there at this time, and it would require
\ some five regiments, according to the calculation
I of the Senator from Tennessee, to preserve and
I protect the riglus of our people in that Territory,
j 1 do not desire to increase the Army beyond the
ubsolute wants of the country. Further than this
' 1 cannot, dare not, go. I should like, however,
j to ask some gentleman, who has more experi-
i ence than I have, what difference there would
! be, in time, between the raising of volunteers for
| the frontier, and the raising of two regiments of
, regulars as proposed by the amendment? because
the President has told us that there is an imme-
| diate demand for the troops; and if the regu-
| lars cannot be organized in as short a time as the
I volunteers, or nearly in as short a time, then, as
, a matter of course, it would be better to send a
volunteer force. II", as the President represents,
! the case admits of no delay, lime becomes an im-
portant element in the determination of this ques-
! tion. 1 wish the force raised at once, m order
that no blame whatever may attach to the legis-
lative department of the Government.
I think the volunteer force is the best m the
world for fighting; but for repressing Indian dis-
turbances, for restoring peace and tranquillity to
the frontier, for conciliating the Indians, 1 do not
think that they are the best. As the Senator from
Maryland has well remarked, " they generally go
out to fight, and, unfortunately, many of them
might be disposed, upon their return, to boast of
the number of scalps they took during their cam-
paign." I say, therefore, for the purpose of pre-
serving the peacc and quiet of the countiy, for the
purpobe of bringing the Indians under the sub-
jection^of our Government, and induce them to
respect the rights of our people, your regular force
is far preferable to the volunteers; especially if
connected with the proposition to raise five hun-
dred rangers, as the Senator fiom Virginia pro-
poses. If a general Indian war should ensue, then
your volunteers would be found the most effective
in chastising them. If I were sent out to concil-
iate the Indians, and bring them under subjection
by acts of kindness, I would prefer the regulars.
If I desired to chastise them, and force them to
submit, give me volunteers.
Mr. President, 1 am sorry to see that these In-
dians are fast fading away; and I apprehend there
is quits as much sympathy, among many Sena-
tors on this floor, for the poor and unfortunate
Indian as was exhibited yesterday by the Senator
from Texas. I desire to protect them. Thattheir
extermination, in the end, is inevitable, no man can
fail to see. 1 grant you, that many tribes have
made progress in the arts and sciences. The
Cherokees, the Choctaws, the Chickasaws, and
the Creeks have made rapid advancement, within
the last generation, in everything that tends to
ennoble human nature. We are making an effort
upon the shores of the Pacific to civilize and
Christianize them. We have our military reser-
vations. We have adopted the policy of gather-
ing the different tribes from the mountains and
valleys into those reservations, where they can be
taught the art of agriculture; where they can b«
induced to labor sufficiently to procure for them-
selves the necessaries of life. Sofaras the experi-
ment has been tried, it has been eminently success-
ful. The young Indian boys, under the direction
of the superintendent, acquire a, knowledge of
plowing and farming quite as readily as any of
the white boys of our own country. The men
will sometimes worjt five or six days industri-
ously, every hour, from the rising to the setting
of the sun. They will then abandon it, return to
the mountains, and wander for days and weeks,
until they are starved out, and then they will return
to the reservations, and again engage in work. <
They will soon abandon their resort to the mount-
ains and look upon the reservation as their home.
They will soon abandon their roving habits, and
settle down upon the comfortable farms provided
for them by the Government. Here, away from
the contaminating influences of a different race,
under the benign influence of a humane Govern-
ment, their existence may be prolonged, and the
blow which we are compelled to inflict, rendered
as light as possible.
Sir, the Indians are fast fading away. My
attention was called, the other (lay, to a report
made by the Indian agent in California to the
superintendent, with regard to the diminution in
the number of the Indians located in the four
counties of Nevada, Yuba, Sierra, and Placer.
These counties have very rapidly settled up with
a white population during the last five years. In
1843, there were in those four counties ten thou-
sand and seventy Indians. At the close of the
year 1854, there were three thousand eight hun-
dred and sixty. . That is all that were left. They
have not been scattered abroad; they have not
wandered into the mountains, or distant lands;
but they have gone to " that bourne from whence
no traveler returns." The small pox, that fatal
disease, has broken out among them, and those
Indians, numbering ten thousand and seventy in
1849, have, in the lapse of four years, been re-
duced to three thousand eight hundred and sixty.
Sir, I confess the contemplation of this picture
excites all the sympathy of my nature. Thou-
sands of them who wandered undisturbed over
the towering mountains and productive valleys of
my adopted State, have been swept away by the
tide of emigration, and are now in the land of
spirits where " the wicked cease from troubling,
and the weary are at rest."
I do not doubt that this has been the case with
the Indians in every portion of the State of Cali-
fornia. Our population there is scattered through-
out the whole length and breadth of the State.
The white man has gone into the gorges of the
mountains. He has gone upon the rivers and
water courses. He has dammed their rivers in
the pursuit of gold. Helms driven their fish from
their streams. He has destroyed their timber.
They have no longer an acorn upon which to sub-
sist. Sir, in my judgment, at this very hour there
are thousands of Indians in the State of California
who are dying from starvation; and would you
ask me to engage in a warof extermination against
those poor and defenseless and wretched beings?
That they have committed outrages upon white
men is unquestionably true; and I undertake to
say that there has been as much humanity shown
by the people of California, in their conduct to-
wards the Indians, as in any of the frontier States
of this^Union. Californians have nevfr treated
them with injustice or inhumanity. But the
Indians are there. To remain in our midst is im-
possible. Their subsistence has been taken from
them. Their fishhave been driven down to the
bay of San Francisco, or to the lower portion of
the Sacramento or San Joaquin. They are now
