470
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
either compelled to steal or starve. If they steal
the property of the white mat), he takes the lav/
into his own hands, and avenges his own wrong,
and a War of extermination is inevitable.
It is no pleasure to a man, whose heart is in
the right place, to reflect upon these things. It is
not a pleasure for us to look over this extent of
country and see hundreds of tribes, once powerful
in their day, and numbering their thousands of
warriors, who have gone down to their graves in
penury and want. The sovereigns of this great
and mighty Republic, which now attracts the
wonder and admiration of the world, have long
since disappeared before the unrelenting, the resist-
less march of the white man. We may for a time,
upon our reservations, afford them subsistence; ;
we may teach them the art of agriculture, and |
disabuse their minds of th% impression that labor
is degrading-, we may prolong their existence; but,
sir, in the end their destruction is inevitable. It
is utterly impossible for them to live in contact
with the white man; itis for them a mere question
of time; but whatever we can do to alleviate their
sufferings; whatever we can do to soften the blow
which stern necessity seems to require us to in-
flict upon them, as humane and Christian men we
ought to do it. If we can adopt any policy which
will save them from destruction, elevate them in
. the scale of moral beings, and contribute to their
happiness, we are under the highest obligations
to do so. Unless that can be done under the sys-
tem adopted in my own S;ate, I despair of accom-
plishing it.
But, Mr. President, I did not intend to speak
upon this branch of the subject. I only desired
to say that, so far as the repression of Indian hos-
tilities u concerned, so far as giving security to
the emigrants on this route to California is con-
cerned, the amendment proposed by my friend
from Viiginia will effect the object. 1 shall be
content, I am sure, with'that. And now, Mr.
President, there ought not to be any difference of
opinion on this subject. The Executive branch
of the Government has warned us against the
dangers; he has told us, upon more than one
occasion, that, unless the military force is in-
creased, the destruction of the lines of our people
upon the frontier is inevitable. We have disre-
garded those warnings. 1 have made every effort
jn my power to increase the Army, and thus give
the necessary protection. If there be any more
blood tihed on that frontier; if the poor emigrant
is to be stricken down by the hand of the Indian
for want of protection, the responsibility must
rest with the Executive, not with me. I shall take
care that my hand, at least, shall be clear of their
blood; and I say to the Senate now, that unless
you increase your military force, you will prevent
emigration to California, overland, during the
coming season. It will be uttei ly impossible for
any man, or any party of men, to umke the way
overland, unless you have a military force to pro-
tect them. Around the military posts, settlements
will soon grow up, and the white man will very
soon be strong enough to protect himself. You
estnbliahed a military post at very great expense
at Fort Reading, on the upper waters of the Sac-
ramento river; and you are now about to abandon
it. At the time it was established, there were
numerous tribes of Indians there; but, under its
protection, white settlements have been made
around it, and the fort is no longer necessary.
You propose to remove it one hundred and fiity
miles further to the north. So it will be, m my
judgment, if military posts are established in Utah,
"New Mexico, and on the route to California.
Settlements will spring up around them, arid will
soon be strong enough to protect themselves.
That, it seems to me, is the true policy to pursue.
I ask no more for my own people than lam will-
ing to extend to others.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Badger
in the chair.] The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois to the amendment of
the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. HUNTER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to occupy as little
time as possible, but I feel called upon to make
some reply to gentlemen who have spoken. As
the day, howevei, is far advanced, I movethatthe
Senate do now ad journ.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. I hope we shall
Bit the bill out.
The motion was not agreed to—ayes 13, noes
not counted.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, thus far in
the session 1 have not seen so much urgency dis-
played. However, it is  ot the first time that I
have seen the gag system inforced, in the discus-
sion of matters of great importance. I well recol-
lect during the last session, at the hour of three
in the morning, when a majority had the control
of the Senate, it seemed convenient for them to
deny the free discussion of the subject which was
under debate. If, sir, it is supposed on this occa-
sion) that any benefit can result to" the country by,
' and that its immediate necessities are such as to
i require, this extraordinary degree of precipitancy,
' 1 hope that we shall derive the full advantage of it.
! I have every disposition, Mr. President, to ac-
j cord to the Administration, to the Executive ot the
i country, all the aid that may be required for the
! protection of our citizens, no matter upon what
, part of the frontier they may be located. I have
every disposition, and have ever evinced a dispo-
sition, to accord to Senators a privilege that ap-
pears usual, if not as a matter <?f right, asa matter
of courtesy; and when it is denied to me 1 feel not
the least degree of inconvenience.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask the Senator to give way
for a motion to adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 then move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
The bill having been read in extenso, was then
ordered to be read a third time.
It was subsequently read a third time, and
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 30, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. I1knry Si.icer.
The.Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the President of the United
States, transmitting therewith a communication, ;
of the date of 2Dth instant, from the Secretary of
the Interior, with accompanying papers, and rec-
ommending that the appropriations theiein asked
for (additional appropriations for the survey of
the Territories of Kansas and Nebiaska) be made.
The communication further suggests a modifi-
cation of existing Saws, with a view to enable the
President to carry into effect existing treaties with
the different Indian tribes in Kansas Territory.
It further recommends that provision be made,
by law, requiring the lands which are to be sold
on account of the Indians by the Government, to
i be appraised and classified; a minimum price to
! be fixed, for a less sum than which no sales shall
; be made without further provision of law; and
| authui i/.ing the sale of lands in such quantities,
j and at such times and places, as the obligations
j of the Government, the rights of the Indian tribes,
and the public interest, with reference to speedy
settlement, may render expedient.
Mr. ORR. I move that the communication be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs, and
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. CULLOM, it was
OiJeml, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
flit's <>! Uh; IIou?c tin; petition and papers of the late Hon.
SatiiU''! 4 !< • £ , lor the purpose of reference to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
st. Joseph's male orphan asylum.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table a very short bill, the purpose of which is the
accomplishment of a benevolent object Tor the
District of Columbia, it will take but a moment
to pass it.
Many Voices. What is it?
Mr. DAVIS. It is a bill to incorporate the St.
Joseph's Male Orphan Asylum in the District of
Columbia. It is very short, and its passage will
consume but a moment. I therefore hope the
House will give its unanimous consent to take it
UP*
No objection being made, the bill was taken up
for consideration,and read by its title, as follows:
An act to incorporate the St. Joseph's Mule
Orphan Asylum in the District of Columbia.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed a bill and
joint resolution of the following titles:
An act to extend to the Territories generally
the laws regulating the/ees and compensation of
officers and suitors in the United States courts in
Oregon;
A joint resolution for the relief of the Secretary
of the Territory of Minnesota:
In which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
bills introduced.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following bills and joint reso-
lution, of which previous notice had been given;
which were severally read a first and second time
by their titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill for the relief of R. A. Clements, admin-
istrator of James A. Mullican. Referred to the
Committee of Claims.
A bill for the relief of Thomas B. Graham. Re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
A bill establishing the compensation of regis-
ters and surveyors in certain cases. Referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
A joint resolution providing for the adjustment
of the accounts of John Wise, Samuel Wise, and
William J. Wise. Referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
gennett's digest of pension laws, etc.
Mr. ROWE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be authorized
and directed to purchase twenty thousand copies of Bpu-
nstt's Digest of liie Pension, Bounty Land, and Patent
Laws?, &c., for the use of the House : Provided, That the
cost of the *.an>e«hall not exceed two dollars per volume :
Ami 'provided further, That the s-ame shall contain such
laws relative to pensions, bounty lands, pay of the Army,
and patents, as may be passed- by the present Congress.
If any objection be made, I shall move to sus-
pend the rules to enable me to introduce it.
The SPEAKER. Such motion would notbe in
order except on Monday, under the rules of the
House.
Mr. ROWE. I desire to read two communica-
tions, which I hold in my hand, in relation to this
matter, and recommending the *work. One is
i from the Third Auditor of the Treasury Depart-
j ment, and the other from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask my friend
from New York if it is his purpose to put this
resolution upon its passage?
Mr. ROWE. Itis.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If it were his purpose
to refer it merely, I would have no objection to its
introduction, but otherwise I object, for I do not
want to get into any discussion of any such mat-
ters onahis day, which is set apart for the consid-
eration of territorial business.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be read
for information.
The Clerk commenced the reading, but was in-
terrupted by
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I also object to its
introduction.
Mr. ROWE. I hope the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will allow the communication to be read.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. 1 call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. ROWE. I hope the House will indulge
me in remarks for a few moments. It is very
I seldom that I trouble the House in relation to any
| matter, and I have endeavored, for several days,
I to get the floor, to enable me to introduce this
| resolution. The members of the House well
| know how difficult a matter it is for a modest
man. at any time, to get the floor, and I trust I
shall be allowed to proceed.
The SPEAKER. Is the objection withdrawn?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is not.
bills introduced, etc.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, fur-
ther remarks are not in order.
Will the Chair be allowed, at this time, to make
