1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
471
a suggestion to the House, and to the chairman
of the Committee on Territories?
[Cries of " Yes !" "Yes!"]
The SPEAKER. A great many members
upon this floor hare bills which they wish to intro-
duce or report for reference only. It would be a
great relief to them, and to the Chair, if those bills
could be run off this morning, provided they give
rise to no debate, and with the understanding that
they are not to be brought back by motion to
reconsider, and put upon their passage.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, I am
anxious, for one, to progress as rapidly as pos-
sible with the territorial business. Lam aware
of the desire of gentlemen to introduce bills for
reference, and shall gratify them so far a3 I am
able to. With unanimous consent, I propose
that a short time this morning be set apart for the
reception of bills for reference only.
The SPEAKER. Say twenty minutes.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not object,
provided the understanding is that the bills are not
again to be brought before us by motion for recon-
r sideration.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
proposition ?
There was no objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, I have endea-
vored, for the last two or three weeks, to get an
opportunity for calling up the bill which pro-
poses to modify the existing tariff. That there
may be no misunderstanding, I propose now to
give notice in the House that, if I can get the door
on next Thursday, I shall move to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of taking up and considering that
bill. I feel itdue,aa well to those who oppose the
measure as to those who favor it, to make this
public announcement in advance, so that all who
desire to vote upon it may be present when the
question is taken. If the House agree with me,
1 shall ask that the vote on the motion to go into
the committee be considered a test. If the vote
be adverse ,to the motion, I shall then ask the
House to proceed to the consideration of other
bills—considering the vote as conclusive that the
subject wilftiot be touched during this session.
Mr. H1BBARD, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back, without amendment,
Senate bill (No. 305) entitled " An jict to direct a
reexamination of the account between the United
States and the State of.Maryland," with the rec-
ommendation that it do not pass; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. JAMES C.ALLEN, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill; which
was read a first and second time by its title, as
tollows, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, made the order of theday for to-morrow,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed:
A bill for the relief of Philip It. Rice, deceased.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. I
am instructed by the Committee on Commerce to
report adversely on the petition of Israel S. Smith,
and to move that it be laid upon the table, and the
accompanying report ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The unanimous understand-
ing of the House was that bills should only be
received for reference, and that no motion should
hereafter be made for reconsideration.
The question was taken; and the motion to lay
upon the table and print was agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back, without amendment,
Senate bill (No. 356) for the relief of George Den-
nett, of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, with the
recommendation that it do not pass; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not desire to in-
terpose any sort of objection, but it seems to me
that this is not the character of business which we
understood was to be received.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not allow
anything to come in which may give rise to debate.
Such was the unanimous order of the House. *
Mr. WENTWORTH, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back a bill to regulate the
carrying of turpentine on board of vessels pro-
pelled, m whole or in part, by steam, with the
recommendation that it do not pass; which was
laid upon the table, and the accompanying report
ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. WENTWORTH, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of citizens of
Oswego for refunding duties paid on Canadian products at
O&wego, subsequent to October 18,1834, and the resolution
lepealing so much of the act of March 2,18>I, as prohibits
the receipt of commissions by officers of the customs upon
the northern, northeastern, and northwestern frontiers, and
that they be laid upon the table.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which was referred the petition of Lieu-
tenant John Clark, submitted an adverse report
thereon; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
On motion by Mr. HOWE, it was
Oidcrcd, That leave he granted for the withdrawal of the
petition ami papers of Lieutenant John Clark from the files
id die House, lor the purpose of presentation to the proper
Depirtmeut.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported back Senate bill (No. 254) for
the relief of Catharine 13. Arnold, without amend-
ment; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for*o-
morrow, and, with the accompanying report;
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MACE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back Senate bill (No. 4G4) for the relief
of Israel Ketchum, without amendment; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WALLEY,from theCommitteeofClaims,
reported a bill for the relief of William Irvin, de-
ceased; which was read a first and second time
by its title, leferred to a Committee <-f the Whole
House, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
I order. 1 understood the agreement was that gen-
I tlemen were to waive the opportunity for intro-
l ducing bills which they desired to get before the
i House for consideration. If these reports are
allowed to consume the time set apart for that
purpose, I may as well now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. Let the committees wait to submit
their reports in regular order.
The SPEAKER. Billsare now being received
for reference. The Chair will receive none but
those which are proposed to be referred.
Mr. DISNEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill; which was read a first and
second time by ^ts title, as follows, referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed:
A bill to amend the act of Congress approved
May 23, 1844, entitled "An act for the relief of
citizens of towns upon lands of the United States,
under certain circumstances."
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I have been
instructed, by the Committee on the Judiciary, to
submit adverse reports upon sundry memorials
and petitions, which, I presume, may be presented
in gross.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's proposition
is not in older, as it would lead to the consumption
of the time set apart by the special order of the
House for the reception and reference of bills.
Mr. FRANKLIN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill; which was read a first and second
time by its title, as follows, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce:
A bill to reestablish Snow-Hill, Maryland, as
a separate collection district.
Mr. EDDY, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Thomas Morris; which was read a first
and second time by its title, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, made the order of
the day for to-morrow, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce the petition of
several hundred citizens of Alabama, asking the
repeal of all duty on railroad iron.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's proposi-
tion is not in order, under the unanimous order-of
the House.
Mr. EDDY, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill; which was read a first and second time by
its title, as follows, and referred to the Committee
of Claims:
A bill for the relief of D. B. Myers.
Mr. EDGERTON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of William
Hagerty; which was read a first and second time
by its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
and, with'the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
On motion by Mr. RICHARDSON, the follow-
ing Senatebilland joint resolution were taken from
the Speaker's table, read a first and second time
by their titles, and referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union:
A bill to extend to the Territories generally the
laws of the United States regulating the fees and
compensation of officers;
Joint resolution for the relief of the secretary of
the Territory of Minnesota.
Mr. BOCOCK, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back a bill for the relief of Re-
becca Winn, widow and executrix of the last will
and testament of Timothy Winn, deceased, late a
purser in the United States Navy, accompanied
by a report; which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill providing for the working of the
Unitfed States steam dredge-boat in the harbor of
Sodus, in Cayuga, and Sodus in Wayne county,
New York; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. READY, from the Committee on.Com-
merce, reported back  . bill for the relief of Thomas
J. Johnson; which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, made the order of the day
for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
the assignee of bounty land warrant Wo. 27,849,
issued to William Phillips and Sarah Carner;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. H., from the same committee, reported back
a bill increasing the pension of Anthony Walter
Bayard; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, made the order of the day for
to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. H., from the same committee, reported
back Senate bill (No. 447) to increase the pen-
sion of Patrick Miles; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, made the order
of the day for to-morrow, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
William G. Preston, late a captain in the war
of the United States with Mexico; which was
read a first and second time by its title, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, made the
order of the day for to-morrow, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. NICHOLS,from theCommittee on Private
Land Claims, reported sundry bills; which were
severally read a first and second time by their re-
spective titles, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of George Rush, of Thurston
county, Washington Territory;
A bill for the relief of James P. Roane; and
A bill confirming aland claim to Elijah White,
of Washington Territory.
Mr. HARLAN, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported back a bill for the
relief of John R. Bowes, agent in charge of the
property of the United States, at Michigan City,
in the State of Indiana; which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, made the order
