47*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
of the day for to-morrow, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
■was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
Structed to inquire what further legislation, if any, is now
necessary in relation to the light-house system of the Uni-
ted States f and that they report what light-house dues or
toils are now imposed by foreign nations on the vessels and
commerce of the United States; and, if any are imposed,
that said committee report what changes should be made
by the Government of the United States, to aid in uphold-
ing our light-house system; and that they report by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. SEYMOUR, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill, as a substitute for a bill
already before the House, more effectually to pro-
vide for the punishment of certain crimes against
the United States; which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution, for the purpose of reference:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to communicatc to tins House, as far as may be
compatible with the public interest, copies of the corre-
spondence between the diplomatic agents of this Govern- j
nient and the Government of Spam, touching the causes
disturbing the friendly relations between the two Govern-
ments, and the instructions from the Department of State
to the diplomatic agents of this Government in relation to
the same. And also, copies of all tho correspondence be-
tween the Government of the United States, and those of
France and Great Britain, in respect to the Island of Cuba,
which may not have been hitherto communicated to Con-
gress.
I move that the resolution be referred to a select
committee.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I presume there will be
no objection to the passage of the resolution. It
is in the usual form of resolutions for information.
Mr. WRIGHT. I will then ask that it be
adopted.
There being no objection, the resolution was
received and adopted.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsider the j
vote by which the resolution was adopted, and to ;
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; which .
latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported aa correctly enrolled bills of the fol- \
lowing titles; which were signed by the Speaker: j
An act for the relief of James Wright, jr., of 1
the State of Tennessee; \
An act to repeal an act for the relief of the legal -
representatives of Samuel Prioleau, deceased;
An act for the relief of Zabina Rawson;
An act for the relief of Joseph Webb; and
An act for the relief of William Hawkins.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, j
(Mr. Pheii's in the chair,) and resumed the con- 1
sideration of Senate bill (No. 60) authorizing the I
construction of a subterranean line of telegraph j
from the Mississippi or Missouri rivers to the !
Pacific ocean.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill m extenso. i
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (interrupting.) I |
would inquire if this bill is properly before the j
comrrttuee—if it is a territorial bill? >
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will decide as ;
soon as the bill shall have been read. The read- :
ing was called for yesterday. ■
Mr. JONES. It seems to me that it is to con- j
nect two States. j
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is ready to j
decide the question now.
Mr. FARLEY. I merely wish to suggest that !
the special order assigning this day and two others
to the consideration of territorial business, in- :
eluded everything reported from the Committee on j
Territories, except railroad bills. j
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands j
that the bill proposes the establishment of a line 1
of telegraph from the Mississippi or Missouri ,
rivers to the Pacific ocean, with grants of lands \
in the Territories of the United States to aid in the
construction of that line of telegraph. In the
opinion of the Chair, the bill is in order.
Mr. JONES. Welt, sir, if the Territories are
willing to give up their business for this sort of
thing, let them do it.
The reading of the bill was then concluded.
Mr. FARLEY obtained the floor.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. That bill is a very
important one, and I desire to make a suggestion
in regard to it. I am satisfied that all the time set
apart for territorial business will not be sufficient
to enable the committee to come to any decision
upon it. And I ask, therefore, that the gentle-
man from Maine will—if the bill is to be consid-
ered^as territorial business at all—consent that it
be laid aside till the other territorial bills are dis-
posed of.
Mr. FARLEY. I cannot consent to that prop-
osition. At the same time I do not desire to
occupy the time of the committee 
Mr. RICHARDSON, (interrupting.) Will the
gentleman from Maine allow me to make a single
suggestion?
* Mr. FARLEY. Of course.
Mr. RICHARDSON. This bill,Mr. Chairman,
is a very important one; there is no doubt about
that. I am satisfied of the disposition on the part
of the House to transact territorial business, and
I know, and believe, that the Committee on Ter-
ritories can get the consent of the House to come
to a vote upon this matter after it shall have been
discussed; and I trust that gentlemen will discuss
it within a reasonable time, and let us go to the
consideration of other business. I am sure that
I can say, and that the House will believe the
statement, that I shall not endeavor, by any means,
to take advantage of the absence of members for
the purpose of pass'ng this bill. I know it is an
important one, and I mean that, if it is to be passed
at all, it will be passed fairly and validly by a full
House, and not by any sort of legerdemain.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Now that the bill
has been read through, I rise to make a question
of order; and that is, that this bill is not properly
before the committee, because it is not designed,
or intended, or calculated, for the benefit of the
Teriitory, but for the benefit of the State on this
side of the Territory, and of the State on the other
side of the Territory; and the mere fact that it is
proposed to establish this telegraphic line through
the Territory, does not, in my opinion, constitute
it a territorial bill.
Mr. FARLEY. I rise, also, to a question of
order.
Mr. DISNEY, (to Mr. Jones.) That question
of order has already been decided by the Chair.
Mr. JONES. I submit the question of order
to the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The same point of order
as that now raised by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee was raised a few minutes since, and the
Chair then ruled that the bill before the com-
mittee was in order, and that it was a territorial
bill within the meaning of the resolution of the
House. The Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. JONES. And from that decision of the
Chair I wish to appeal.
Mr. HAMILTON. I would draw the atten-
tion of the Chair to one fact. This telegraph is
to extend to San Francisco, in California. It is,
therefore, palpably a State measure.
Mr. FARLEY. There isa provision in the bill,
Mr. Chatrm-m, which 
Mr. RICHARDSON, (interrupting.) Will the
gentleman from Maine permit me to make a
single sn^eestion >
Mr. FARLEY. Certainly.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is this: It is (rue
that the bill provides for a line of telegraph from
a point inside of one State to a point inside of an-
other State. But, all that granted, the power to
construct the line resides in the Territory, and the
bill makes no donation anywhere except in the
Territory.
The CHAIRMAN. And it is upon that ground
that the Chair has decided the bill to be in order.
From that decision the gentleman from Tennessee
appeals.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I submit
that the point of order was raised too late.
The CHAIRMAN. It was not raised too late,
for the Chair has entertained it.
Mr. FARLEY. I desire to state that the pro-
visions of this bill are entirely confined to the
Territory, and do not touch any of the States.
[Cries of " Order !" " Order!"]
The question being " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee ?"
Mr. HAMILTON. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Farley, and
Jones of Tennessee were appointed.
The committee was divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 73, noes 48.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
My question of order is this: that this bill is not
territorial business, because it is, as it declares
upon its face, a bill for the benefit of the two
individuals named in it, neither of whom is a
resident of the Territory, but both of whom live
in the State of Maine.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
decided that question of «prder. The gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] twice raised the
question that this was not a territorial bill, and
the Chair has twice overruled the question of
order, and from the last decision the gentleman
appealed, and the committee sustained the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Will the gentleman
from Maine yield me the floor for a moment ?
Mr. FARLEY. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. Thisisavery important bill,Mr.
Chairman, and yetl presume there is notone man
in twenty on this floor who has ever seen the bill
tfll this moment. Would it be in order, for the
purpose of facilitating the business of the com-
mittee, to move to pass by this bill, informally, till
to-morrow, that we may have time to look at it?
Mr. FARLEY. I submit that the gentleman
from Indiana cannot take the floor from me to
make a motion of that kind.
Mr. DAVIS. I got the floor by the courtesy
of the gentleman.
Mr. FARLEY. Yes; butnot for that purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. The floor was awarded
some time since to the gentleman from Maine, who
only yielded it to allow of a question* of order be-
in? raised; and the gentleman from Indiana is not
j entitled at this time to take the floor/or the pur-
j pose of making the motion he proposes.
I Mr. FARLEY. I propose to consume only
; such portion of the time of the committee as will
j be necessary to enable me to explain fairly the
; provisions of the bill under consideration. I do
1 not believe it necessary that I should enlarge upon
| the subject embraced in the bill, for the reason that
i the subject is one which has attracted general
j attention; and the other reason is, that theprovis-
| ions of the bill are simple in their nature and easily
I understood, if gentlemen will only take the trouble
i of reading them. I think I am justified in saying
| that the public sentiment of this country is in
I favor of a more direct and speedy communication
| between the old States and the Pacific coast than
I we now enjoy. There are two modes of com-
| mumcation to which public attention has been
directed—railroad and telegraphic. Single and
united, they will, in time, be constructed. The
measure I propose is not antagonistic to the con-
struction of a railroad, and it is not antagonistic
to the construction of a railroad and telegraph
united. I present it here as an independent meas-
ure, not at all hostile to the railroad project.
There are no exclusive privileges given by the bill,
and there is nothing in the bill which, if it is
passed, and the telegraph is constructed, will mili-
tate,m the slightest degree, against the futurecon-
struction of a railroad from the Mississippi river,
or any other point, to California. This measure
has this great recommendation in its favor: that
the construction of this telegraphic line admits
of an early completion. There is no difficulty
in constructing a subterranean line of telegraph
through the Territories of the United States.
Through a prairie country, all that is needed, is to
run a plow, or a succession of plows, and then
lay down the wire. The parties named in the bill •
have the fullest confidence that they can complete
this work in two years after they commence build-
ing it. Now, it may be suggested that the work
is not practicable, and that the experiment has
not been tested. All I have to say in reply is,
should the objection be raised, that the experiment
has been tested in Europe, in a fjreat many in-
stances, with perfect success. There are argu-
ments greatly in favor of a subterranean line over
