474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
Rt every one hundred miles. At those stations,
besides the operators, the parties must have men
to protect and repair the line. Three or four hun-
dred men are all that are necessary to the protect-
ing and keeping the line in order.
I do not consider it necessary, Mr. Chairman,
to say anything of the advantages which are to
accrue to the country by the construction of this
line of telegraph. There is not, probably, a State
in this Union which is not connected with Cali-
fornia by social or business relations. The truth
is, that every great interest of the country would
be benefited by the construction of this line. I
believe that we have now the opportunity, by the
passage of this bill, to confer great and lasting
facilities of intercomfnunication upon the country.
I do not see that the. Government can at all suffer
from the construction of the line aa proposed.
The Government is to risk nothing. The Gov-
ernment is not to give an acre of land until the line
is completed. There is certainly no cheat here;
no chance for deception. The grant is condi-
tional on the completion of the line. The Gov-
ernment is not required to spend a dollar in the
protection, or preservation of the line. All that
responsibility and expense falls upon these parties.
It is not to be supposed that this Government will
ever, of itself, construct a railroad or telegraph
line to the Pacific coast. If either is constructed
it will be by individual enterprise, aided and en-
couraged by the Government..
Now, I would ask, necessary as this line of
telegraph is to every section of the Union, whether
it is not wise and judicious in the Government to
make the grant of lands which is proposed? It
risks, it hazards nothing. The responsibility is
entirely upon these parlies. There is a remunera-
tion for the lands. The Government is privileged
to send annually ninety-six thousand words over
the line, which is equal to eight per cent, upon the
value of the lands proposed to be granted, valuing
them at the same price the Government placed upon
its lands donated to its soldiers in the Mexican
war. They had $100 in scrip, or one hundred and
sixty acres of land. Those soldiers had the right
to select their lands in the States as well as the
Territories. The parties to this bill are restricted
to the Territories. They cannot select their lands
. in the States.
If these parties fail to carry out, in good faith,
what they offer to do, the next, or a future, Con-
gress may confer the proposed grant upon other
parties, or withhold it.
They ask no exclusive privileges; the bill gives
them none. They offer to do a certain work on
fair terms; and it is for us to say whether thecon-
tract shall be made.'
The parties in this bill, Mr. Chairman, are citi-
zens of the State of Maine. One of them is Pres-
ident of the Maine Telegraph Company, owning
a line leading from Boston to the east line of the
State of Maine. The other is the superintendent
of the same line. They are gentlemen of integ-
rity, and of the highest respectability. They are
men of property, and among the " soliifctmen " of
the country. Thus much I feel it my duty to say
in their behalf. I presume they are acquainted
with few gentlemen of this House. Those who
do know them will, 1 am sure, bear witness to the
truth of what I say. They are in earnest about
this thing. Did I not know that they were, I
would not stand here to-day advocating the pas-
sage of the bill. Pass it, and I believe that they
will carry out just what they propose. I bel^ve
that they will put this line through in two years
from the time they commence operations. They
have the fullest confidence in their power to do it.
One word as to the amendments which have
been proposed; for I may as well say now all that
I have to say on the subject. This is a Senate
bill. -It passed that body at the last session, came
here, and was referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories. I have been instructed to report it back,
with several amendments. The insertion of the
words " or Missouri river," in the fourth line of
the fourth section, is merely to supply a clerical
omission. The words " now existing," are pro-
posed to be inserted, and for this reason: the bill
gives the parties the right to select their lands
along the line within the Territories through which
it runs. It may happen that, before the line is
completed, Kansas, Nebraska, and other Terri-
tories, will be admitted into the Union. If so, by
construction, as the bill now stands, they may be
excluded from selecting lands within that State.
The amendment is to provide against any such
construction.
There is another amendment, which commences
in line twenty-three, section six, which excludes
these parties from the right to select lands which
have been reserved by the Government for any
purpose whatsoever.
There is another amendment in section seven, to
insert the words " States or." 'By the provisions
of that section, without the amendment, all inju-
ries to the line of telegraph, or any property be-
longing thereto, shall be declared to be willful and
malicious trespasses, and that they shall be pun-
ished as such; and extends the laws of the United
States for the protection of property, and the pun-
ishment of offenses, in the Territories through
which the line passes, so far as they are applica-
ble, to the line of telegraph in the Territories. It
is proposed to amend by inserting the words
"States or," so as to make the provision apply
to the public lands in the States through which
the line passes.
Mr. Chairman, I believe this bill is in as good
shape as it is possible to put any bill designed to
carry out the purposes for which this is designed.
The subject has been before the past and present
Congress. The bill was fully discussed in the
Senate, and I believe the interests of the United
States are as well guarded as it is possible to
guard them. I believe that all the obligations that
are necessary to be imposed upon the parties, are
contained in this bill. Now, sir, if a majority of
this committee are in favor of the measure, I hope
they will pass it without adopting any unneces-
sary amendments.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I just want to make
a suggestion. This House, Mr. Chairman, has
set apart three days for the consideration of terri-
torial business. A good portion of yesterday, as
every member knows, was not taken up with the
consideration of territorial business. And now,
up to this time—nearly two o'clock—this day has
gone without the consideration of any territorial
business. There are many bills before us that are
strictly territorial bills, providing for the interests
of the people living in the Territories. Among these
bills, I will mention one to establish an additional
land office in the Territory of Oregon. At this
time, Mr. Chairman, many of the people of that
Territory have to travel with their witnesses three
or four hundred miles to prove their claims, and at
very heavy expense.
Mr. PARLEY. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. LANE. I do notyield for the gentleman'a
point of order.
Mr. FARLEY. The gentleman refuses me the
courtesy which I extended to him a short time
since.
Mr. LANE. I did not call the gentleman to
order; and if lie says I did, he is a liar.
Mr. FARLEY. You are a d d liar.
[At this point Mr. Lane advanced towards Mr.
Farley with threatening gestures, but was arrested
in his progress, by several members, who inter-
posed to prevent difficulty. The greatest confu-
sion prevailed in the Hall. Members left their
seats and crowded around the two gentlemen. The
Chair called loudly to order, and directed the Ser-
geant-at-Arms to restore order. The Sergeant-at-
Arms proceeded, as directed, to that part of the
Hall where the difficulty had occurred, and, after
some minutes, order was restored.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Order having been
restored, I do not rise for the purpose of makings
speech, or of replying to the speech of the gentle-
man from Maine. T indicated, some moments ago,
that, should I be able to get the floor again, f intend-
ed to make the motion that this bill be informally
passed by until to-morrow. I desire now to make
that motion. Before doing so, however, I will
simply remark to the House that this bill involves
the grant of two millions of acres of' the public
lands, which fact, aside from other considerations
connected with the bill, is of sufficient importance
to make it desirable that it should receive the seri-
ous consideration of the House before they under-
take to pass it.
Sir, as a member of this House, I generally keep
up with its business, perhaps, as closely as most
men; but I confess that I never saw this bill until
it was called up this morning, and laid upon my
table. Now, sir, the gentleman from Maine has,
this morning, made a spesch in support of this
bill. He has produced his documents. They
can be printed this evening, or in the morning,
and in the mean time, the members of the com-
mittee can examine the bill and the' documents,
and be able to come to a correct conclusion as to
what is right and proper to be done in the prem-
ises. Therefore, for the purpose of facilitating
the public business, and for the purpose of allow-
ing the committee to go on with the legitimate
territorial business before it, I move that this bill
be laid aside, informally, until to-morrow.
Mr. McDOUGALE.. I object to its being passed
by.
. Mr. DAVIS. Very well; then go on and take
up the time of the committee.
Mr. BENTON. With all due respect to the
gentleman from Oregon, [Mr.Lane,] and to other
gentlemen who desire that the House should
transact business in which they themselves are
concerned, I deem it right to let that gentleman
know, and the committee know, the scope which
I think can be admitted in the consideration of this
bill. Under the decision which has been made, I
am of the opinion that all the railroad bills, and
all the telegraphic bills, common road bills, which
have been drawn up, or which can be drawn up,
may be offered as amendments to this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair feels called
upon to state to the gentleman from Missouri, that,
under the order of the House setting apart three
days for the consideration of territorial business,
all railroad bills are expressly excluded from con-
sideration. The Chair would, therefore, rule that
railroad bills would not be in order as amend-
ments to this bill.
Mr. BENTON. Well, sir; railroad bills are
first cousins to telegraph bills, and, by a provision
in the latter part of this bill, it is closely allied to
one. Now, I deem it proper to state, that no bills
of this character can pass until I have exhausted
all the time which the rules of proceedinir will
allow me, either here in committee or in the House;
I will fight it-to the last minute of my time.
Mr. LANE. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will now do what I intended to do when that
fellow called me to order.
[Great sensation, and loud cries of "Order !"
during which Mr. Farley made a remark, which
the reporters were unable to hear, owing to the
confusion that prevailed.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot allow
any disrespectful remarks to be made. Order
must be observed in the committee.
Mr. LANE. I correct that. I hope to be re-
spectful. I do not rise to excite any angry feel-
ing. I am not angry. I was ne^er so cool m my
life. J3ut I want to ask the members of this com-
mittee—I want to ask the Representatives of the
American people to recollect that these three days
have been set apart for the consideration of terri-
torial business. There is business of importance
to the Territories pending before us, and 1 ask
this committee, respectfully, as a favor to the Ter-
ritories, to devote what remains of the three days
to the propef and- legitimate business of the Ter-
ritories.
Mr. Chairman, I have no objection to this bill
being considered or passed. I am not an enemy
of the bill. But I am satisfied now, as I was
when this bill was taken up this morning, that,
if it is pressed, it will take up every moment of
what remains of the time assigned for the con-
sideration of territorial business. I therefore beg
the members of the House to pass over this bill
until the proper business of the Territories has
been disposed of; and then, if there is time to take
up this bill and pass it, why, in God's name, let
it be passed. I am not prepared to say whether,
if I had a vote, I would vote for it or against it.
At any rate, I am not an enemy of the bill. But
I repeat, that I hope the committee will give us
the balance of to-day and to-morrow for the con-
sideration of territorial business. If there is then
time to consider -this bill, it can be taken up. I
move that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed until after the territorial business proper
shall have been disposed of.
Mr. FARLEY, (Mr. Bknton yielding the floor
temporarily.) 1 ask the indulgence of the com-
mittee to say a few words. The opposition which
has been made to the bill now under consideration
has been of a most extraordinary character. 11 is
an opposition of a character that I did not at all
anticipate when the bill came up this morning.
