476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
posts, to put it in this plow furrow. And what
a price to give for plowing—plowing one fur-
row ! Two millions of acres of choice land.
Make the road first. People will collect upon it
as pigeons upon a roost, and may protect it: with-
out such settlement, it will be dug up, from one
end to the other, for {he wire, thegutta percha,
and everything about it.
A telegraph will be made and established, and
that by private enterprise, the moment a road,
either a common road, which we hope to have
done at once, or a railroad, which we hope will
come in time. A telegraph line will be a part of
any road.
But what are the people of California and Mis-
souri now doing? Not able to get an appropria-
tion from Congress to make a common road, they
grope their way through the wilderness, as did
ihechildrenof Israel to the Promised Land. And
what is the result? The people of California,
with Adams & Co. at their head, are about to
establish a common road. At St. Louis, the
wealthiest people have had a public meeting, in
which they undertook to meet the people of Cali-
fornia in the construction of a common rood.
More than that. The Boston Company of
which 1 spoke, would make a common road at
once, and a line of telegraph would go with it—
and go with it as a private enterprise, which the
owners would keep up for the sake of its use, and
not for the stock to go upon the exchange of Lon-
don and Paris.
I hope, then, Mr. Chairman, this bill will be
rejected, and that this telegraph line will wait the
fate of a common road bill, or of a railroad bill,
and that it will pass upon the foundation that the
Government pays for what it gets, and for no
more than what it gets; and above all, above all,
that the Government shall not pay in advance for
work to be done five or ten thousand years hence,
according to the bill—pay in advance for work to
be done in ...eternity. Never was such a thing
heard of before. Who is there in private life
would contract to pay the whole amount down
for any work for himself, and take an obligation
to perform the work for an eternity ahead ? Who
would make such a contract to keep his farm in
repair—his fence in repair? Who would make a
contract, the consideration to be paid down at
once on the one side, and the service on the other,
to be performed between this and eternity ? We
make no such bargains for ourselves, and I, for
one, will make 110 such bargain for the United
States.
Then this bill has in it a principle against which
I have waged war, certainly through the entire
period of my congressional existence. I have
waged war during that whole time against the
whole idea of the Congress of the United States
contracting legisltilively with every set of men
upon Ihe face of the earth. I do not care how
respectable they are. The member from Maine
says these are honorable men. Granted; but
they are mortal men, and can die as soon as dis-
honorable men; and where is our eternal wire
workers and operaters then ? I cannot contract
wuh any set of men upon that principle. Let
Congress make the law by which the work is to
be done, but let the administrative part of the
Government let out the contract, and have it taken
to the best advantage, but let us not join the
administrative department of the Government
wilh that of the legislative department—not make
laws, and at the same time make the contract in
the law by which the thing is to be done. I have
opposed that always. I have seen the working
of this thing continually, and I have never seen
an instance in which the Government of the Uni-
ted States was not most deplorably worsted.
Mr. LATHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. PARLEY. Will the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia give way to mc for a moment?
Mr. LATHAM. X will.
Mr. FARLEY. I was entirely sincere when I
said, a short time ago, that I was anxious, so far
as I was concerned, to shorten the discussion of
this question; because I do not believe it is neces-
sary to have a long discussion in order that a
committee may understand it.
1 rise for the purpose of making a proposition.
I understand the gentleman from California [Mr.
Lath&mJ purposes to speak in favorof the bill. I
presume, after him some gentleman would like to
speak against the bill. What I propose is this 
Mr. LATHAM. I did not intend to occupy
more than fifteen minutes of the time of the com-
mittee.
Mr. PARLEY. I make this proposition; that
one hour be allowed for discussion in committee
to the friends of the bill, and then one hour to the
opponents of the bill, after which the committee
shall rise for the purpose of terminating debate in
the Committee of the Whole on ^.he state of the
Union. I believe it is my privilege to have an
hour for the discussion of the measure after the
debate shall be closed; but I shall not probably
consume more than ten minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. That can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. EDDY. I object to any such arrange-
ment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will move that the
committee do now rise, for the purpose of submit-
ting a motion to terminate debate in the commit-
t£6.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Territories allow me
to make a suggestion to him ?
Mr. U1CMARDS0N. I will.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois proposes to press this bill to a vote, it will be
utterly impossible to accomplish that object in the
balance of to-day and to-morrow, the time set
apart for the consideration of territorial business.
As there are other bills he would like to pass, I
suggest that he allow this bill to be passed over
for the present, until those other matters are dis-
posed of. The debate on this bill will be extended
a considerable length of time.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am much obliged to
the gentleman for his advice. I do not choose
that gentlemen, by telling me they are opposed to
bills, and by consuming the time of the House in
debating them, shall induce me to depart from
what I deem my duty in the discharge of public
business.
Mr. HOUSTON. One word in reply. I have
not offered the gentleman advice, nor do I propose
to do it. I have not opposed the bill, nor do I
expect to oppose it, further than by my vote. I
have not opened my mouth on the subject, except
just now; and if I have trespassed upon the rights
of my friend from Illinois I regret it. I had no
intention of doing so.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not say the gen-
tleman trespassed upon my rights.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand tellers on the
motion that the committee do now rise.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Bovce were appointed.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to; the tellers having reported—ayes eighty-
six, noes not counted.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chairman
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly the
bill pending for the construction of a telegraph line
to the Pacific coast, under the special order of the
House, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Do I understand the
gentleman from California does not intend to con-
sume more lhan fifteen minutes ?
Mr. LATHAM. My remarks will not extend
beyond fifteen minutes.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that debate be
closed upon the telegraph bili within one hour afier
its consideration shall lie again resumed in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
[Cries of " No ! limit it to thirty minutes."]
Mr. RICHARDSON. I wish to give the oppo-
nents of the bill a fair chance.
The question was taken, and Mr. Richardson's
motion was agreed to.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I now move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,'
(Mr. Phelps m the chair.)
Mr. LA I'HAM. Mr. Chairman, the position
of California toward this Union is a singular one;
and I think that, if search was made through the
records of the past, the parts of no other Govern-
ment would be found to sustain such a relative posi-
tion towards each other. If you take the-most
expensive way of getting; to that State it occupies
some twenty-five days, lfyou take the route which
the large mass of your people, and which the Gov-
ernment itself is always bound to go in the trans-
portation of its troops, stores, and armaments, it
occupies from four to six months; and, as a gen-
eral rule, one of the long routes (across the plains)
can be traveled but at a particular period of the
year. I know very well, Mr. Chairman, or, at
least, I believe, that a large majority of this House,
and particularly the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Benton,] for whom I have the profoundest
respect# are friends to the State of California; and
I am not now raising my voice, as the Represent-
, ative of that State, in the way of complaint
! against the action of the General Government
1 towards her. But I do say in my place, and I
desire it may be put upon the record, that gen-
tlemen of this House, who represent other parts
of this Union, and who say they have the interest
of the Government at heart, that, by their failure
to act upon, this and gther important measures
connected with California, are making stabs at
our nationality, virtually ostracising it from the
principles of the General Government. Why,
sir, we are as completely at the mercy of any for-
eign potentate or Power who desired to exercise
their sway in invading California, as ft pigmy
would be in the hands of a giant. Our laws are
every day disregarded by foreign vessels. They
come in and insult our national flag, and they go
out again upon the high seas. Our Government
has no power there to assert and maintain its pre-
rogatives and its dignity. It is but a short while
since a French vessel came to San Francisco with
Russian prisoners on board. Those prisoners, by
their friends, went before the United States court
j and sued out a writ of habeas corpus. The writ
was served by the United States marshal on the
officer of the vessel, commanding him to bring
these men before the court and show cause why
they were detained. What did the vessel $o?
She immediately spread her canvas to the breeze
and passed out of the golden gate, laughing to
scorn the authority of the United States. Our
Government was perfectly powerless. It did not
have even a vessel of war there to assert its dig-
nity and maintain'the power of its courts.
Sir, I say here—to be brief in this matter—that
In case there should be any conflict between this
Government and any other Power—I make no
exception, any Government that has a Navy, that
has ships or vessels of war, may come unharmed
into the port of San Francisco; that they will go
up the river; that they will take possession of the
country and levy subsidies upon the inhabitants
to an extent that will enable them to successfully
battle with the Atlantic cities or the Atlantic
States.
Well, what do we want? That is thequestion.
We want the means of communication with the
Atlantic States. That is what we want. We care
not where it comes from. We care not how it
comes. For one, I never stop to ask myself about
these propositions. I do not stop to quarrel with
the particular wording of the bill, nor do I stop to
inquire whether certain men are likely to get the
credit of a measure. It is enough for me to know
that the bill is one that will tend to bind the State
of California more closely to this Confederacy.
When I know that, I am for it, first, last, and all
the time.
Sir, we are perfectly powerless. My colleague
and myself have appealed to this House, time and
again, during this present Congress, to give us
some sort of a Pacific railroad. Cut it down, de-
prive it of all its features, only leave us a bare
skeleton, but leave us something upon which we
can go before the country, and" with the moral
power of the Government's tustaimng the meas-
ure, thus proving to the people that our Pacific
possessions are regarded as a part of the Federal
territory. Now we have another measure, the
pending bill. In reference to its particular features,
upon a minute examination, I can see many things
that I cannot vote for, many things that, when the
bill comes np for consideration by sections, if no
other gentleman does it, I shall move to amend.
But the principle of the bill is right. The policy
of the bill is right, and may be carried into suc-
cessful operation. Every single feature of it,
when considered in the abstract, independent of the
