1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479k
and justly entitle themselves to it, might, and
undoubtedly would, aid them to procure the means
necessary for the work, of those who, having
confidence in the intregrity of the parties and the
feasibility of the enterprise, would be willing to
lend them such-assistance as should be found
necessary for the accomplishment of the under-
taking.
Now, as my colleague said, there is no risk in
this matter. If these parties construct this line, it
must be a substantial line; their owjh security, all
their hopes of adequate returns .involve this. I
understand they intend to lay the line two and a
half feet below the surface of the ground. That
is.the furrow they intend to plow, Thus they
will secure it from ordinary accidents, and against
the action of frost. They intend, in good faith, to
go forward and construct this work, and, in order
to be able to*do it, they ask that, when it shall have
been accomplished in a substantial, workmanlike,
and thorough manner, they shall have these
lands conveyed to them—conveyed for what? not
as a gift, but for a price. It is simply a contract
for a sale of the land of the United States, the
title to be passed hereafter, for a valuable and
wholly adequate consideration.
No gentleman here, however strict his views as
to constitutional power, will say that, the Govern-
ment has not clehrly the right to sell these lands to
these men, or to any other men, for a price—for
so much money, or money's worth in accommo-
dations necessary for the Government.
That is the whole question here. The gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Benton] has said that
such a line ivill be cut up and destroyed; that it
wiil be exposed to depredations by the Indians
continually, and be of no actual value to the Gov-
ernment. Is it so? If the Indians are as numer-
ous, as dangerous, and mischievous as he sug-
gests, he has given us a conclusive and perpetual
answer to the idea of constructing a common road,
or a railroad, from the Mississippi to the Pacific;
for, if the Indians are thus mischievous, we can-
not construct and preserve any of those means of
communication. I do not believe there is any con-
siderable danger to be apprehended from the dep-
redations of the Indians. There may b<: difficul-
ties in the beginning, but I do not imagine they •will
be serious or long continued. But, however this
may be, it is the concern and the risk of these
parties, for the fact will be demonstrated before
the time arrives for passing the title to the lands.
If they can once construct the line, and place it in
working order, from one end to the other, we need
not fear any serious and long continued interrup-
tions afterwards. If, then, these gentlemen can
accomplish this work, can give to the Government,
and to the people, all these great accomodations,
and yet ask nothing until it is accomplished, until
they have shown to Congress and to the country
that the line has been constructed and put in work-
ing order, and that communications can be sent,
daily and hourly, from any part of the Union to
the Pacific, let them do it, and then pay them what
seems to me a moderate sum for the advantages
secured to the Government, to say nothing of the
vast benefits accruing to the people whose inter-
ests we are bound to respect.
I hope the amendment of the gentleman from
New Jersey will not be adopted.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose that
debate is open generally upon this bill?
The CHAIRMAN. General debate is not yet
closed.
Mr. SMITH. I desire to call the attention of
the committee—for it seems to me very little at-
tention has been given to it—to the character of
this bill, and especially to the character of this
amendment. I suppose it is very clear that the
amendment ought to be adopted, if the bill is to
I understand it is proposed by this bill that these
gentlemen, who are mentioned in it, shall be au-
thorized to build a telegraph line at their own
expense; but, on looking through the bill, I find
it is a bill allowing them to build it at the public
expense. There is a very palpable inconsistency
in the terms of the bill which cannot fail to strike
the committee with wonder and surprise. Sup-
pose these gentlemen fail in their undertaking—
suppose they give it up in conformity to their
obligations—I ask the committee what is to be-
come of these lands? You give them the land
give thera the pick of the whole country, give
them the absolute title—and then they may aban-
don the line to the United States, and where are
your public lands ? 1 ask the friends of this bill,
do they mean by this bill to [tillage the country?
1 do not hesitate to denounce the bill as the most
extraordinary ever brought before Congress.
Mr. WASHBURN, (interrupting.) Does the
gentleman from Virginia understand that not an
acre is to pass into their hands until the line is
"constructed and put in working order?
Mr. SMITH. I suppose it is so^ but the gen-
tleman is perfectly aware that it will not take two
million acres of land to put up the line.
Mr. WASHBURN. I understand it will cost
from two to three millions of dollars to construct
it.
Mr. SMITH. That is all" in your eye. We
are too familiar with telegraphing business to be-
lieve that. Here is an attempt to divest the Gov-
ernment of property which is utterly indefensible,
it seems to me, when you look at it through the
great principles of the Constitution and common
sense. The very idea of building a line through
the wilderness, is itself an absurdity—I say it in
no disrespect to any gentleman—but, I repeat, it is
an absurdity. It is impracticable to put this work
in operation in the present unsettled condition of
that country. It is utterly impracticable. It is
manifest that there are other purposes than .those
which meet the eye. I say, then, sir, that if<We
mean to go on with this road system of legisla-
tion, one which seems to invite the whole country
to plungetheirhandsdeepinto the publicTreasury,
if that be the reckless determination of the House,
let us, at least, observe some of the decencies con-
nected with every measure, however obnoxious it
may be.
Let us do that. Here is a bold proposition man-
ifestly to take possession of a large amount of the
public land, and for a purpose which is, in itself,
wholly impracticable. Put in operation to-mor-
row, it could not endure three months without
extensive interruptions. Our soldiers, with rifles,
and revolvers, and bowies in their hands, cannot
protect this country without having numbers of
them massacred and cut up, and then how is it
possible that these men are to do it? It must be
evident to gentlemen that this is only one of the
Utopian experiments of the day, an experiment,
too, by which it is hoped to establish reality out
of the public treasure.
I again repeat, let the amendment be adopted.
Let it be interposed as a matter of decency, as
some precaution; and when interposed, then let
the question come before the country and this
House whether that bill shall be passed. I hope,
may be against hope, that it may not. I do hope,
although one branch of the Government has given
it its sanction, that this House will interpose its
check—its constitutional check—to this system of
legislation which is exciting the indignation of the
country," and is calculated to bring the sjgh from
every breast which loves utilitarian policy and the
limitations imposed by the Constitution of the
United States. I pray the House to pause over
this system of recklessness, this palpable disre-
gard of all the duties imposed upon us; and espe-
cially not to invite every harpy in the 'country to
come here for encouragement in any wild scheme
of speculation.
Mr. FARLEY. Mr. Chairman, I will state to
the committee why the parties ask the aid of the
Government. It is well known, that investments
in stocks of telegraph companies, have not, as a
general thing, been profitable in this country. It
cannot be supposed that, if there is granted to
these parties merely the right of way, they can
get the stock taken and the line constructed through
the Territories? The country through which the
line is to be run is a wilderness, inhabited by sav-
ages. The distance is two thousand four hundred
miles.
Mr. SMITH. I say that the money cannot be
raised for the construction of the line as a private
enterprise. The stock will not be taken.
Mr. PARLEY. I am now stating why the
parties interested in the bit! ask the aid of the
Government in their enterprise. If the right of
way is only given, the parties could not get the
whole amount of the stock taken. They can get
a portion taken up; but, with the aid of the Gov-
ernment, and with the stock they can get taken
up, they can complete the whole line. It is for
that reason they come here and ask for a grant of
lands. For the grant, the Government will be
amply compensated
Tlie®CH AIRMAN. The time fixed by-the
House for the closeof thedebatehas now arrived.
Under the rules, the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Farley,] who reported the bill, is entitled-to oc-
cupy the floor for one hour. «
Mr. SMITH. Let me ask thegentleman from
Maine this question: If the Government gets a
renumeration by these privileges which the bill
accords to it for the lands proposed to be granted,
would it not be better, according to the good old
fashioned system of exchange, for the Govern-
ment to pay when it wants the service-, and that,
in the mean time, the individuals should build the
line at their own expense?
Mr. FARLEY. I shall make the answer to
the gentleman's question the commencement of
my concluding remark upon this bill. By the
provisions of the bill, the Government will daily
pay for what it recejves, and daily receive pay
for the lands granted. There can be no question
that, if the line were in operation to-day, the
Navy, War, and Treasury Departments would
have occasion for its use.
One word now as to the cost of the line. It ia
estimated to coat $1,150 per mile. That includes
costof wire, layingdown, buildingsat thestations,
which are to be within one hundred miles of each
other, transportation of material—indeed, it in-
cludes everything going to the construction of
the line. The existing lines in this country have
been constructed, on the average, at acost of
§130 the mile. It costs more for the line in this
instance, formany reasons. Gentlemen who have
given the underground telegraph any attention,
know that the wire has to be coated with India
rubber, or gutta-percha, which is expensive.
I shall now, Mr. Chairman, occupy but a few
minutes in reply to some of the .objections which
have been made to the bill. The gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benton] has leveled a battery of
ridicule against it. 1 know that it is sometimes
effective; but I trust that the members of the com-
mittee will not allow their action to bg controlled
by ridicule, no matter how respectable its source.
I hope the measure will be acted upon with refer-
ence to the considerations properly belonging to it.
It is said that there will be difficulty with the
Indians; I do not pretend that there will not be
difficulty; but, whatever it may be, it will yearly
diminish. Within a few years the last of the
red men will have died upon his native soil, or
have been driven into the Pacific ocean. But
whatever difficulties there may be, these parties
do not ask the Government to protect the line.
They take upon themselves all the expense and
responsibility. I ask whether it is fair to urge
such an objection to the bill ?
But it is said, so soon as the lands are located,
those parties will abandon the line. Is that prob-
able? This line will cost, as it is estimated,
$2,760,000; and it js to be constructed and put in
operation before an acre of land is acquired. Is it
probable, then, that these parties, afier building
the line, will forfeit it for these lands, when, by
keeping up the line, they get both line and lands?
It is improbable that they will do any such thing.
But it is objected that the Government are con-
tracting in advance for the perpetual use of the
line. I confess, sir, that I cannot see the force of
the objection. If it is for the interest of the Gov-
ernment to have the use of the line at all, I can-
not see the objection to OTritracting in advance.
As I remarked before, the question resolves itself
into a mere matter of expediency. If gentleman
are of the opinion that the Government will have
occasion to use the line in case it is constructed,
then why not contract for its Use now, especially
if that is the only way the construction of the line
can be secured ?
There is a provision in the bill which gives the
Government the right to transmit over the line
ninety-six thousand words per annum, and to
Congress the right to regulate the rate of charge
for all beyond that, so that it seems to me that the
Government is really securing an equivalent for
the grant it makes.
Another objection is, that these parties will
have the power of constructing the line in a zig-zag
course across the continent to San Francisco.
Why, sir, the first section of the bill requires
them to aonstruct the line in as " direct a line as
practicable." They have not the right to take a
