480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30.
zig-zag coarse. Nor would it be for their interest
so to do. The shortest line will be the lejst ex-
pensive.
So far as the States are concerned through
which the line is to pass, this bill confers no ;
power upon the parties, further than the right of,
way through the public lands belonging to the 1
United States, lying in euch States.
Mr. Chairman, I believe, I have now noticed
about all the objections which have been brought
against the various provisions of this bill, and I
will not detain the committee longer by any gen-
Mr. AYALBRTDGE. I do not wish to term-
inate this debate if it is in any respect desirable
that it shall proceed. If, however, the friends of
the bill do not wish to continue it longer, t shall
submit the motion that the committee rise, and
report the biil to the Hou«e with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass. If no friend of the bill desires
to speak, 1 shall insist upon that motion.
Tne CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York cannot submit that motion while there is an
amendment pending.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask for a vote upon
the amendment pending-.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be
upon the amendment of Mr. Skelton, upon which
tellers had been called.
Mr. KEirr. I withdraw the demand for
tellers.
Mr. BRIDGES. I renew it.
Tellers were-ordered; and Messrs. Benson and
English were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 62, noes 59.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, reported by the Com-
mittee on Territories, was to strike out the word
" Territories," in the twentieth line of the Nixth
section, and to insert the woida " now existing
Territories," so that the clause, as amended,
would read:
When; un«urvryf<] lands shall have been selected, the
Pri"*id  nt of «the IJintrd State# '•hall rniw the same to Ik:
surveyed, if |irae?jcal)lf; and if', alter two yean irom the
completion, as uloresiud, i aid land*, shall not have been
surveyed, u shall bo optional with haid A Men ami Kddy,
their heir* or aligns and they «hall have the riyhr, to relo-
cate the like quantuica of land m any now exeunt? Terri-
toiicti, in allmuim sycuons, where they have foueu sur-
veyed-, and shall then bi^open to private entry or sale.
Mr. LEi'CUIiR. I propose to amend that
section by striking out all after the word 4t tele-
graph, in the twelfth line, to the word "find," in
thejonrteenth line. If my amendment is adopted,
it will read:
That upon the completion of said line of telegraph, a*
of ires.tid, and ho noon as iIhj wnuie t-liall be put in ^ ueeusfJ tit
operation, and tin? tree iwc theieot, :h ht-remhrtoj e pro
vided, tendered to the Government of the United States,
there shall he issued to «f«id Allien and lO.ldy, their heir-* or
nstnjjn*, in exchange and pii>m<mt tor Hi'* Iree and prior
use oj «aid line in perpetuity, m aforesaid, land w.in.uifn
for two millions acres of hind, excluding all mineral lands,
which the* < re hereby millions d m-leet and loc.Ue um
follows • from and after u nd completion tlu'y ^hall have the
right to select Irom any of the public lands alonyand within
.fitet-ii aides of aaul line of telegraph, in alternate sections.
Mr. RICHARDSON". The question will first
be taken, I suppose, upon the amendment of the
Committee on Territories.
The CHAIRMAN. Yes-, the proposition to
perfect must firot be considered. The Committee
on Territories have reported an amendment to per
feet that portion of tiL? section which the gentle-
man from Virginia proposes to strike out, and the
question must be taken on that amendment before
it is taken on .the motion to strike out.
Mr. LETCHER. If that amendment of the
committee should be adopted, will it then be in
order to move to strike out what I piopose?
The CHAIRMAN. It will be m order.
The question now being on the amendment
reported from the Committee on Territories,
Mr. FARLEY demanded tellers. *
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Farley and
Wheeler were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes GS. noes 50.
So the amendment was adopted.
The question recurred upon Mr. Letcher's
amendment,
Mr. LETCHER. Heretofore, when public
lands have been asked for the purpose of im-
provements of any kind, we have been told that
the object in making the donations was to give
enhanced value to the alternate sections of land
reserved along the lines. This bill proposes what
no other bill donating alternate sections of the
public lands has ever done. It proposes not to
require the parties to take their alternate sections
along the line from the commencement of the
work to the close of it, but, with the amendment
which has just been adopted, itallows them to go
anywhere in the seven organized Territoties of.
the United States, and take the entire amount of
two millions ef acres of land.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will say to the gen-
tleman that I intend myself to make a motion to
effect the very object he has in view, by amending
another portion of the bill, immediately succeed-
ing this. I shall move to strike out all after the
word "practicable" in the sixteenth line, to the
word " and " in the twenty-sixth line.
Mr. LETCHEfi. And to puj. in what?
•Mr. RICHARDSON. To put in nothing.
The remainder of the section will then read:
"Where unnurvcved lands s-liall have been selected, the
President ot ihe United States shall ean^e the same to be
surveyed, it practicable; and as fa*l as selections and loca-
tions ot sad lands Miall thu^ he niude,ihe Coniuu&bioner of
the Geneial L md Office is hereby authorized and required
to ts.-uie patents to *aid Aiden and Eddy, their heir* or as-
sign*., oti application ihereloi: Pr vuled, That hi the event a
i ad road to the Pacific ocean ah.ill he located on or near «aid
line ot telegraph be lore sud patents shall he issued, the giant
of land contemplated in thus section shall he so located a-*
not to inteiiere u till the location under any giant Congress
may make in aid of the construction of said raihoad.'5
Mr. LE rCHEli. Then, sir, that will not do
at all. I wanL to do exactly what these gentle-
men, and my friend from Illinois amongst the
number, have always maintained that it was the
duty of Congress to do when dona'ions of the
public lands were mode. If you say that this line
of improvement willenhance the value of the land
to such an extent that you will give the alternate
sections to these corporators, then I want them to
take their alternate sections as the work pro-
gresses. You have alwaya made such a provision
in regard to railroads, and I want the same thing
(June here. These gentlemen come in here—for
tins is nothing more nor less than a private bill—
und^r exactly the same sort of influences as op-
erate upon every man throughout the country.
They come here tor these schemes because they
promivse them profit. They come here asking these
lands under the idea and with the full conviction
that, when iney get them from the Government,
they will be the means of giving to them a hand-
some profit for the labor and time expended by
them in the prosecution of this work. That is the
controlling influence upon ail of them; and in that
view of the case, as it is an enterprise projected by
themselves lor profit, I want to see the rights and
the interests ot the Government guarded; and 1
want them so guarded that the Government will
get an equivalent for what it is proposed that it
shnll {five here.
[Here, the hammer fell ]
Mr. RICHARDSON. T want to show this
guardian of the public interests that Ins amend-
;j ment proposes to give this company more than I
' am willing to let them get. We propose by the
bill to hunt the appropriation of land along the
hue in the Territories. The gentleman trom Vir-
ginia [Mr. Letchkii] proposes to strike out the
words "in the Temtoi ies," and to leave it how?
Why, to leave the bill granting land along the
line both m Territories and Slates.
Mr. LE TCI]ER. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, I will tell him that I do not mean to do
any such thing. I have other amendments to
propose, to follow this amendment, if the gentle-
man will be only pauent enough to wait until I
get to them. He will then see m good time
whether or not I propose to do what he says.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not know as to
that. I am only speaking now of the amendment
which the gentleman has proposed. •
Mr. LETCHER. 1 could not offer more than
one at a time.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Well, when the gen-
tleman has proposed his other propositions, then
I will determine what the effect of them would
be. Until then, however, he will pardon me if I
say that 1 am ignoiant as to what hemay purpose
to do in the future, and am not desirous to antici-
pate it.
1 have soid, Mr. Chairman, that the effect of the
gentleman's amendment is to grant more land to
this company than is granted by the bill, and I will
show that it is so. It proposes to strike out the
words " in the now existing Territories not before
sold or apnropriated, any quantity not more than
a section." Weil, how doea that leave it ? Why
it gives to the company the right to the land
within fifteen miles of the telegraph line, wherever
it is constructed, from the Mississippi river to the
Pacific ocean. That would be the effect of the
gen'tletnan's amendment; thus making good what
I said in the outset. Sir, 1 am opposed to that
proposition. I am not willing, in this discussion,
to follow the gentleman in regard to his assertion,
or rather his declaration, as to the character of
these men who come here for the purpose of seek-
ing, in their private enterprise, to plunder the
Government. This Government, if it wants to
use a line of telegraph ought to pay for it. If the
line is to be constructed, and if it is gf interest to
the Government, the Government ought to pay
for it. It ought not to be said, and it cannot be
said, that this House of Representatives, this
American Congress, composed of men of the
highest intellect which the country can claim, can-
not so frame a bill as that speculators will not
plunder the Government under it. Sir, that is a
i reflection upon them, which I am not willing to
make, or to hear made, without disclaiming it. I
do not believe that it is so. I have not the opinion,
and I trust in God I never shall have, that other
gentlemen seem to entertain in regard to the legis-
lation of Congress.
Mr. KEITT. I desire, Mr. Chairmar 
The CHAIRMAN, (interiupting.) Debate is
exhausted on the amendment of the gentleman
from Vngmia, [Mr. Letcher.]
Mr.'SKELTON. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr Skelton] has not the floor to make
that motion. The gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Keitt] is entitled to the floor.
The question was taken on Mr. Letcher's
amendment; and it was not adopted.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Will the gentleman
from South Carolina yield me the floor to propose
an amendment?
Mr. KEITT. I do so.
iflr. GREENWOOD. I move to amend the
bill by striking out the word " if " in the six-
teenth line of the sixth section, and inserting after
the word "surveyed" the words " as soon as;"
and after that shall have been disposed of, I will
move to strike out the residue ot the section
down to the word " provided."
Mr. LETCHER. That would allow the com-
pany to locate on reserved lands. '
Mr. GREENWOOD. No, sir; I do not pro-
pose to strike out the provision at all; I 'merely
propose to strike out all after the word " sur-
veyed" in'the sixteenth line, down to, and includ-
ing, the word " sale" in the twenty-second line.
The CHAIRMAN. Before the question is
taken on the amendment just proposed by thegen-
tleman from Arkansas, it must first be taken on
the amendment submitted by the Committee on
Temtoi ies.
Mr. PARLEY. As a friend of the bill, I see
no objection to the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Arkansas, if 1 understand it cor-
rectly. Do i understand him to propose to strike
outall after the word " surveyed"in line sixteen?
Mr. GREENWOOD. Yes, sir.
Mr. FARLEY. Down to the word " sale" in
line twenty-two?
Mr. GREENWOOD. Yes, sir; and to insert
the words "as soon as" in lieu of the word "if."
If my amend ment be adopted, the section will read
thus:
That upon the completion of said line of teleeraph, as
aforesaid, and so soon as the same shall be put ln'suceo=3-
lul operation, and the free n-e thereof, as herembelore pro-
vided, tei-dered to the Govi riiment of the United States
llieie shall he issued to said Alden and Eddv, their heirs
or ns«,gn«, m exchange and payment lor the fre« and prior
use ot said line in peipetuny, as aforesaid, land warrants
tor tvyo millions acres ot land, excluding all mineral lands,
which they are hereby authorized to select Snd locale ag
follow*: From and after said completion, ib *y have
the right 10 select from any oi the public lands along and
within tint'en miles of said line of telegraph in the now
exiting Temtoi ics, not before sold or appropriated, any
quantity, not more than a section, and in alternate
t-ection*. Where nnsurveyed land* shall have been
selected, tho Pioident of the United States shall cau=e the
£ame to he surveyed a a *non a* practicable: Provided.
Thai they shall not felocate on any lands which have here-
tofore been reserved to the United States for any'purpose
whatsoever, and ali such lands be, and the same are hereby,
