THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1855.
New Series....No. 31.
exempted from the operation of this act. And as fast as
selections and locations of said lands shall thus be made,
the Commissioner of the General Land Office is hereby
authorized anil required to issue patents to said Alden and
Eddy, their heirs or assigns, on application therefor : Pro-
vided, That in the event a railroad to the Pacific ocean shall
be located on or near said line of telegraph before said
patents shall be issued, the grant of land contemplated in
this section shall be so located as not to interfere with the
location under any grant Congress may make in aid of the
construction of said railroad.
Mr. KEITT. If compatible with my conception
of the power of Congress over the public lands
and over the public interests, I should cheerfully,
Mr. Chairman, vote for this bill, which proposes,
as I understand it, to construct a line of telegraph,
two thousand miles long, between the Mississippi
or Missouri river and San Francisco. What is
it proposed that the Government shall give in aid
of this work ? It is proposed thatthe Government
shall donate—I beg pardon, I do not like that
word " donate," shall grant—alternate sections of
land along the line. Not money, but land. On
what ground has Congress hitherto given away
alternate sections of the public lands? On the
ground thatthe work which they gave these sec-
tions in aid of would enhance the value of th«
remaining sections. Now, the question arises, wil!
this telegraphic line enhance the value of the re-
maining alternate sections of the public lands,and ;
if so, how ? How are the people on each side of j
this line to be benefited by it? Will they receive j
any telegraphic communications ? And how and
in what manner are they to be benefited ? My
friend from Illinois says it is to benefit the Territo-
ries and the States through which it runs; not to
enhance the value of the alternate sections.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, (interrupting.)
I think the gentleman from South Carolina mis-
apprehends the matter.
Mr. KEITT. I am speaking: of the observa-
tion of the*gentleman from Illinois. I know not
how true it is. Now, what is the Government to
get in exchange for this appropriation of two mil-
lions of acres ? But gentlemen say you will get
messages from California. Upon what subjects,
I beg to know? The amount of gold in the mar-
ket, and ready to be shipped? 15ut, pray, what
has the Government to do with that? and what has
the Government to do with the pecuniary interests :
of individuals, however ramified they may be ? |
I<emay be an important consideration in the mar- j
ket to know how much gold is to be shipped
here; but what has the Government to do with I
it? Then this Government is to build a line nt.
telegraph, over which no communication of any |
importance is to be sent—it is to build a line of |
telegraph for the purpose of receiving information i
here which is to be used by individuals in the !
market, and which is of no interest to the Gov- |
ernment whatever. Granted, the practicability of j
the route. You are to give the public lands for no
consideration whatever, to be cast like juggler's
balls from one to another, not for the purpose of j
benefiting the whole, but for the purpose of ben-
efiting individuals.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. Is an amendment
now in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
pending offered by the gentleman from Arkansas,
[Mr. Greenwood.]
Mr. JONES. My purpose is to offer an amend-
ment which, I think, will materially improve the
bill; but I will not offer it at present.
Mr. PECK. I move that the committee rise.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the special order re-
lating to territorial business, being Senate bill
(No. GO) authorizing the construction of a subter-
ranean line of telegraph from the Mississippi or
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, but had come
to no resolution thereon.
Mr. GREENWOOD. To enable us, if possi-
ble, if I can get the attention of the House for a
HI
moment, to get through with the territorial busi-
ness to-morrow, I will move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet at ten o'clock to-
morrow.
Mo WHEELER. I object.
On motion by Mr. LETCHER, the House then
adjourned, at twenty minutes past fouro'clock, till
to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 31, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CORRECTING THE JOURNAL.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to make a cor-
rection of the Journal. I find that the order in
which I introduced a bill and resolution yester-
day, and which were referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, has been
changed by the Journal. I made the motion in
reference to the joint resolution concerning the pay
of the secretary of the Territory of Minnesota first,
and then followed the motion in reference to the
act regulating the fees of certain officers in the
Territories of the United States.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection, the
alteration desired by the gentleman from Illinois
will be made.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I rise for the purpose
of making a correction of the Journal. I am not
recorded as having voted upon the French spoli-
ation bill. I voted m the negative; and there are
several gentlemen around me both, friends and
opponents of the bill, who recollect that I voted
m that way.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,
the proper correction will be made.
REPORT OF ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled j
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled resolutions of ;
the following titles; winch thereupon received the j
signature of the Speaker: !
A resolution relative to the construction of laws
for the allowance of additional compensation to
the clerks ill the Census Bureau; and
A resolution respecting the Arctic expedition
commanded by passed Assistant Surgeon E. K.
Kane.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the War Department, in compli-
ance with the " act more effectually to provide for
the necessary defense by establishing uniform
militia through the United States," approved
March 2, 1853, containing an abstract of the re-
turns of the militia of the States and Territories,
with their arms, accouterments, and ammunition,
taken from the returns received by the Depart-
ment; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Q.UESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of pnvilege—at least, I suppose it to be
such a one. A few days ago an order was made
by the House that the bill for the establishment of
a court to adjudicate claims against the Govern-
ment should be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary; where 1 think it ought properly to go.
By some error in the Journal, it was sent to the
Committee of Claims. T.he motion that it should
go to the Comniitteeon the Judiciary was made by
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,]
and an order to that effect was accordingly made.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. The bill to
which the gentleman from Tennessee refers, was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary upon
the motion of the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Keitt ] Having understood myself that it
had been before the Committee of Claims in the
Senate, I immediately suggested that it be re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims in this body.
It was my impression at the time, that such alter-
ation in the Journal was made, and it was not
until the bill was brought before the Committee of
Claims, of which I am a member, and acted upon
by that committee, with instructions to report it
to the House with a recommendation that it do
pass, that I was informed it had been referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman temporarily
occupying the chair directed the^ Clerk, as the
present incumbent of the chair Is informed, to
enter the bill upon the Journal as having been
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. LETCHER. I was occupying the chair
at the time, when the suggestion was made that
the bill came from the Committee of Claims in
the Senate, and that it should be referred to the
same committee in the House. I then remarked,
let it go there, then.
Mr. JONES. I recollect that such was the case.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I merely wish
to say that, upon that very day, I had sought 
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. I demand the regular order of business, and
insist that this matter is not a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides. The
proper time for amending the Journal has passed,
and if objected to, it cannot be done.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to say simply, as
the other committee is ready and willing to report
the bill, I have no objection. My only object
was to get the matter before the House.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. HAVEN. If it be in order, I move that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the gentleman
will permit me to make some reports in referenca
to the business before the House to-day.
Mr. HAVEN. If it is necessary to make re-
ports relating strictly to terrritorial business, I will
withdraw the motion for that purpose.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is all.
Mr. HAVEN. I withdraw the motion.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
any committee of the House relating to territorial
business.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask an orderfrom
the House to print a substitute which I propose to
offer to a bill, whenever it may come up, in refer-
ence to the tariff.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
The SPEAKER. It can anly be done by unan-
imous consent, and objection is made.
RIGHT OP SUFFRAGE IN THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. RICHARI5SON. The Committee on Ter-
ritories, to which was referred a bill to regulate
and make uniform the right of suffrage in the
several Territories of the United States, have di-
rected me to make an adverse report thereon. The
gentleman [Mr. Zollicoffer] who introduced
the bill desired to be heard upon the subject, but, I
understand, is willing to yield his purpose at this
time, as this is the last day allowed us for the con-
sideration and disposition of territorial business,
and will avail himself of some opportunity which
may be presented hereafter, when some other bill
is up, to discuss this question and explain the bill.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I desired an oppor-
tunity to explain the objects of the bill upon which
the gentleman from Illinois, from the Committee
on Territories, has made an adverse report. But
being informed that this is the only day remaining
for the consideration of territorial bills, I do not
propose to make that explanation now. I move
that the bill be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and printed.
The question waa put; and the motion was
agreed to.
MINNESOTA RAILROADS.
Mr. RICE offered the following resolution:
Be it resolve! hi; the Senate una House of Representa-
tives of the United States of Jlmcricain Congreii assembled,
That Congress does hereby disapprove and declare null
and void Hie following acts, and all other acts and pans
of sets, of the Legislature of the Territory of Minnesota,
incorporating railroad companies, or authorizing the con-
