>££>£>
HKJO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
struciion of any railroad or railroads within the limits of
said Territory, to wit:
1. An act to incorporate the Minnesota Western Rail-
road Company, approved March 3, 1853;
2. An ah to incorporate the Louisiana and Minnesota
Railroad Company, approved March 5,1853;
3. An act to incorporate the St. Paul and St. Anthony
Railroad Qomp.any, approved March 2, J853;
4. An act to incorporate the Mississippi and Lake Su-
perior Rai!ro:id Company, approved March 5, 1853; and
5. -Au act to Incorporate the Lake Superior, Puget's
Stmnd, and Pacific Railroad Company, approved March 5,
Which' several acts, and all other acts and parts of acts
heretofore passed by the Legislature of Minnesota incorpo-
rating railroad companies, or authorizing the construction
of a railroad or railroads, in said Territory of Minnesota,
be, and the same are hereby, disapproved and rendered
null and void.
' Mr. GREEUWOOD. I would inquire if it is
proposed to act upon that resolution now ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
■what disposition the gentleman proposes to make
of the resolution.
Mr. COBB. I raise a question of order upon
the resolution.
Mr. RICE. I propose to put the resolution
upon its passage immediately.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
_ Mr. RICE. I do not wish to consume the
time of the House upon this subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 wish to know if the
resolution comes in only by unanimous consent,
or has the gentleman the right to introduce it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks, as it re-
lates to Territories, it is in order. If not objected
to, the resolution will be again read.
Mr. WHEELER. I object to its being read
again.
Mr. RICE. 1 do not wish it to appear abroad
that this House has legislated one company out of
existence for the purpose of building tip another.
It will consume but a moment to put this resolu-
tion through, and I- hope it will be done, so that
it can be acted upon in the other end of the Capi-
tol.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Is this resolution in
order as territorial business?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. RICE. Day before yesterday, the Judi-
ciary Committee reported two joint resolutions
disapproving of certain acts of the Legislature of
Minnesota, incorporating certain railroad compa-
nies. The gentleman from New York [Mr. Cut-
ting] will bear me witness that I wished, at the
time, to have the resolutions so amended as to dis-
approve of all other acta of said Legislature incor-
porating similar companies. 1 deem it proper to
state that the committee acted upon all acts of the
kind that were brought to its notice, and I must
also do the gentleman from New York the justice
to any, that lie promptly signified his willingness
to have included the acts embraced in the resolu-
tion just read, had they been placed in his posses-
sion. Under the previous question, the resolutions
were passed, which prevented mo from making
any explanation at the time.
It appears that the Legislature has incorporated
seven railroad companies; two of the charters
were disapproved of on the 29th instant, leaving
five yet in existence.
I will frankly state, that it is my earnest desire
that the grant made to the Tenitory at the last
session may yet be saved, and that it may be dis-
posed of, for the purpose of uniting the waters of
the Mississippi and the St. Lawrence at their
highest navigable points. I must also say that I
believe the people of Minnesota are fully compe-
tent to correct whatever errors they may have
heretofore committed, and regret that Congress
should have deemed it necessary to interfere with
our local legislation; but since such has been the
case,! deem it my duty, not only for the credit of
this House, but for the welfare of my constituents,
that one step more should he taken, by disap-
proving of all railroad charters heretofore passed
by our Legislature. By refusing this, the result
will be to legislate one company out of, and
another company into, existence; and that other
not only incorporated without due consideration,
_ but held by a company of Wall street land catchers.
By the numerous railroad companies incorpo-
rated in Minnesota, it will appear evident to this
House that speculators have had their nets set,
ready to catch the first fish that might swim that
**y; and now that you have made a beginning, I
aopeyou will destroy all of those nets, and not
leave one to be benefited by the destruction of the
others; or, in other words, I hope this joint reso-
lution will jmss, for then it cannot be said that
Congress destroyed one corporation for the pur-
pose of building up another. If it is in order, I
move that the joint resolution be put upon its
passage.
Mr. RICHARDSON. -(Upon that I move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be now put.
Mr. CUTTING. I wish tp say one word. I
.came in after the gentleman from Minnesota*[Mr.
Riee] had made his observations. I would re-
spectfully submit to the gentleman, that the action
ofthe Committee on the Judiciarywas based upon
a reference, near the close of last session, of the
session laws of Minnesota, and their report was
based upon what those laws presented. Now, it
by no means follows, because the House was com-
petent to form a judgment in relation to laws before
it, it therefore can undertake to act upon laws
which have never been submitted to it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the reading of the
names of the parties set forth in those acts as cor-
porators.
Mr. HAVEN. Of course, Mr. Speaker, re-
mark is not in order, since the main question has
been ordered to be now put,
Mr. WHEELER. An J I object to any being
made.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I object to all de-
bate on the question.
Mr. HAVEN. I rose simply for the purpose
of moving that the resolution be laid upon the
table. It seems to be extensive, and ought to
receive examination at our hands.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, would it be in order
to move that the resolution be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary ?
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
for the reason thfit the call for the previous ques-
tion has been seconded, and the mam question has
been ordered to be now put.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of order. I maintain that it is in order
to call for the reading of the laws which we pro-
pose^ to disaffirm by the resolution now under
consideration, so that we may know what we are
disaffirming.
The SPEAKER. That would be a very legiti-
mate cause of debate, but all debate has been cut'
off by the previous question. The Chair can
decide nothing in order except voting.
Mr. HAVEN. Is it not in order to move that
the resolution be laid upon the table?
The SI^EAKER. The gentleman's motion is
m order, but debate is not.
Mr. LE rCHER. Is it not in order to have the
names ofthe parties corporators read to theHouse?
1 he SPEAKER. It is not, except by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I demand the yeas
and nays on the motion to lay the resolution upon
the table. r
Mr. STANTON. 1 hold the bills which are
proposed to be disaffirmed as part of the resolution
now before the House—as part of the subject
matter upon which we areacting-^and that, there-
fore, the House is entitled to hear them read.
Mr. BENTON". That is my opinion.
1 he SPEAKER. The Chair does not remem-
ber that so reasonable a request as the one made
by the gentleman has ever been refused by the
riouae; but he cannot decide that the gentleman
billsthe right'under the rule't0 the readinS of the
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I have already
objected to the reading ofthe bills. My objection
is not withdrawn. "
The SPEAKER. Being called on to d  so, the
Chair may, under express rule, put to the House
the question whether bills shall or shall not be
read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As many gentlemen
around me desire to know what it exactly is they
are called upon to vote for, I move that the vote
t>y which the main question was ordered to be
now put be reconsidered.
fj.w SPEAKER- The motion to lay upon the
taoie is first in order.
Mr-. HAVEN. I have no objection to with-
draw my motion to lay the resolution upon the
table, for the purpose of reconsidering the vote by
which the main question was ordered to be put.
The question was taken; and the vote by vjhich
the main question was ordered to be put was
reconsidered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This seems to be a very
important question, and I move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, in
order that it may be examined into and reported on.
Mr. HAVEN. I call for the previous ques-
tion on that motion.
The call for the previous question received a
second, and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
referred to the Judiciary Committee.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. COBB. Before the question is taken on
the gentleman's motion, I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill to regulate and make uni-
form the right of suffrage in the Territories ofthe
United States was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, so that the
motion may be entered upon the Journal.
The motion for reconsideration was entered.
The question was taken on Mr. Richardson's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Phelps in the chair.)
The CH AIRMAN. When the committee was
last in session, it had under consideration the bill
authorizing the construction of a subterranean tel-
egraph from some point on the Mississippi or
Missouri river to the Pacific ocean.
The pending amendment is that mttved by the
gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Greenwood,] to
strike out the words, " if practicable," and insert
" as soon as practicable;" so that the section will
read, if amended: .
Where unsurveyed lands sfcall have been selected, the
President ot the United States shall cause the same to be
surveyed as soon as practicable, &c.
Mr, GREENWOOD. Mr. Chairman, I under-
stand that a proposition is to be made by which
we shall get rid of this bill at an early hour. My
only object in proposing theamendment was, that
if the bill was to pass, it should be perfected in
some of its details. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories desires to submit a substi-
tute for the bill now under consideration, em-
bracing only the first and seventh sections of that
w'u J merely grant the right of way.
With that view, by consent of the committee, I
withdraw my amendment.
There was no objection, and the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. RICHARDSON. After consultation with
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Parley,1 who
is ray colleague on the Committee on Territories
f i• f-nntlenia? who had' y^terday, the charge
ot this bill, and by his agreement and consent, I
move the fol owing substitute for the bill, and hope
that it may be adopted:
of'tU Unit?, % thfe Se?a!e and Hmse "f Representative,
Thit n it*" °f -f "> Congress assembled,
mat Hiram O. A!den and James Eddy, their sucersaoW
prplr°mt0S' a.nti ass'8ns) are hereby authorized anil empow-
ered to construct, at their own expense, a line of telenaSi
from such point on tho Mississippi or Missouri river tiithiv
S/c.2. Jni be it further enacted, That all voluntary or
been™ct "d for ,ifh ,,rythereof'or which hereafter
env m ,tter se5«n'y and protection of prop-
herebv are pyt ? ^ offenses= sh " •><>. and they
graph into and Proteetion of said line of tele-
Ihp i.,V "i?„r r ?" the territory belonging to, and under
iamn mav h  ' United States, through .which the
SSor^T rUf,ed; and a!1 le«Hi Process and pro!
offenses =hall h t P™l6hment of the aforesaid
shall to w.,thm the Jurisdiction of the courts, and
theedand execu(e<  by the proper law officersin
the States or organized Territories. oncers in
Mr. RICHARDSON obtained the floor.
