484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31 
gart of the House, cannot hear a word he says,
and yet we are very desirous to hear the reasons
wily we ought to authorize these arsenals to be
built. If the gentleman will give us some good
reasons, i will vote for them. If not, I will vote
against them.
Mr. FAULKNER. The proposition now be-
fore the committee does not properly involve a
discussion of the matters contained in the original
hill, it is an amendment, offered by the Delegate
from Kansas, to authorize the construction of
arsenals in the Territories of Kansas and Ne-
braska. Sir, I am not apprised by the War De-
partment, or from any other source, that arsenals
are at this time required by any public necessity
in Kansas or Nebraska, l'hat military posts are
required in those Territories I have no doubt; but
1 have not seen or heard anything to satisfy me
of the necessity of establishing arsenals there, and
I hope Che amendment will be rejected.
Mr. WHITFIELD. As I stated before, there
are, probably, more Indians in Kansas and .Ne-
braska than in any of the other Territories of the
Union. 1 was not aware that, before a measure
could paRS this House, certain men must say that
it ought to pass. 1 am certainly under obligations
to my friend from Virginia for that information.
Being a new member, I was not aware of that fact.
If gentlemen will examine the geography of the
country, they cannot fail to be satisfied that, if
arsenals are wanted anywhere in this Union, they
are .needed in the Territories of Kansas and Ne-
braska.
Mr. GIDDINGS, of Nebraska. I should like
to have the phraseology of the amendment changed
bo as to read "an arsenal m Kansas and one in
Nebraska."
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Kan-
sas has a right to modify his amendment.
Mr. WHITFIELD. 1 will agree to that modi-
fication.
Mr. WHEELER. I want to know from the
chairman of the Military Committee whether this
recommendation comes from the War Department
or from his committee?
Mr. FAULKNER. I tell the gentleman that
it neither comes from the Committee on Military
Affairs nor from the War Department, so far as 1
am advised.
Mr. WHEELER.. Then I hope the amend-
ment will be voted down.
Mr. HENN. I hope the committee will not
vote it down because the Military Committee have-
not paid attention to this matter. It is a .lotorious
fact that more Indian depredations have been com-
mitted in Kansas and Nebraska, between here arid
the Pacific ocean, than in any other part of the
country. Even officers of the Army have been
murdered there, and, if there is a necessity for
military posts anywhere m the United States,
such a necessity exists in reference to those two
Territories. I hope the gentleman from Virginia
will not throw cold water on the amendment,
because he has not had time to investigate the
subject, or because the Delegates have not been
here long enough to refer the matter to inm.
Mr. GREEN WOOD. I would call the atten-
tion of the committee to the fact that the bill
does not provide for an absolute construction of
these arsenals, but that it is left to the discretion
of the Secretary of War. The language is 14 as
to him shall seem most expedient."
Mr. BRIDGES. I understand that the word
" expedient" refers to the erection of an arsenal
in the Territory ot Washington, or in the Terri-
tory of Oregon. '
Mr. GltEENWOOD. And if the amendment
is adopted, the word " expedient " will apply to
it also.
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman from Ar-
kansas is mistaken in the construction which he
gives to the section. The only discretion designed
to be conferred by that section is, that it author-
izes the Secretary of War to locate one of these
arsenals eitherin Oregon or in Washington. The
original recommendation of the War Department
applied to Oregon when Oregon and Washington
constituted one Territory. The Territories have
since been separated, and, by some act of legisla-
tion here, the very land upon which it whs con-
-templaud to erect one of these arsenals m Oregon,
has been disposed of, and the Department will, in
all probability, be driven to the necessity of erect-
iag tl et arstnal in Washington.
The purpose of this bill is to require the Secre-
tary of War to locate one arsenal in Texas, and
one in New Mexico, and it leaves it optional with
him to locate another either in Oregon or Wash-
ington. ,
Now, sir, the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Henn]
says that I ought not to oppose a proposition of
this kind, which the Military Committee has not
had time, or has neglected, to consider. Sir, the
Committee on Military Affairs has never neglected
to consider any proposition which has been re-
ferred to it.
Mr. HENN. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
I did not say that the committee had neglected to
consider it. I said that the Delegates had not been
here long enough to have the subject referred to
the committee.
Mr. FAULKNER. Why, sir, we have been
in session every day for the last week or ten days,
and have been inviting all those gentlemen who had
business of a territorial character, to bring it to
our consideration. W e desired to act upon every
proposition they submitted. Many were submit-
ted and acted upon; but this was never, upon any
occasion, submitted to our consideration.
Mr. HENN. The Delegates from these Terri-
tories only came here toithin the last six weeks.
They are both new members, and they probably
could not arrange all their business so as to bring
it properly before the committees. Some allow-
ance should, therefore, be made for them.
Mr. FAULKNER. A just allowance should,
undoubtedly, be made for gentlemen situated as
the Delegates from Kansas and Nebraska are;
but 1 would not carry that indulgence so far as
to grant all their requests, no matter how unrea-
sonable. The amendment offered by the gentle-
man 1 regard of this character. For the last three
or four years the Executive Department of the
Government has been urging upon Congress the
necessity of establishing arsenals in Texas, New
Mexico, and on the Pacific coast. There is not,
at this time, m all Texas or New Mexico, one
suitable building, belonging to the Government,
for the safe-keeping of arms, powder, &c. The
Secretary of War has carefully considered the
points where they are wanting, and he has .pre-
sented strong and unanswerable arguments for
their prompt establishment. Why should such a
bill be encumbered with propositions to establish
arsenals in Kansas and Nebraska? From what
source do we acquire information that they are
needed ? W hat sort of arsenals do the gentlemen
from Kansas and Nebraska want there? Cer-
tainly not arsenals of construction; and as for
places for the safe-keeping and preservation of
arms, 1 presume the buildings about Forts Leaven-
worth, Kearny, and Laramie will, for the pres-
ent, at least, alford ample accommodation. What
they want in Kansas and Nebraska are not arse-
nals, hut military posts. And 1 am prepared to
unite with these gentlemen in increasing the reg-
ular Army of the United States, and in placing
an adequate supply of money m the hands of the
Secretary of War to establish military posts at
such points in these western Territories as may
be deemed necessary to control the movements
of hostile Indians throughout that frontier. 1
have been asked what are the views of the De-
partment of War as to the propriety gf increas-
ing the number of our military posts in the north-
west. I have no hesitation m saymg that, if you
will furnish the Secretary of War with means and
men, he will increase the force now at Fort Lar-
amie, which is wholly inadequate for the purposes
of protection and defense, and that he would estab-
lish at the trading stations of Fort Pierce, Fort
Union, Pembina river, and other points, a chain
of military posts that would furnish the most ample
protection to the emigrant settlers. Hut he is left
without adequate means to discharge his duty to
the country, and the responsibility is upon Con-
gress. I am, therefore, for every proper means of
protecting these Territories; but I am not advised
that the establishment of arsenals there is among
them.
Mr. HENN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Virginia one question: What kind of an
arsenal he proposes to establish in New Mexico?
Mr. FAULKNER. It may be an arsenal of
construction, or it may be an arsenal of depot, as
the War Department shall determine.
Mr. HENN. Isitiatended for an arsenal of
construction ?
_ Mr. FAULKNER. It'will be in the power of
the War Department to determine which the pub-
lic interest most requires. 1 presume it is designed
at present as a building for the safe-keeping ef
arms and munitions of war.
Mr. HENN. I ask the gentleman if it is neces-
sary to establish an arsenal of construction there?
Mr. FAULKNER. I think thatit is not at this
time necessary to have an arsenal of construction
in New Mexico.
Mr. HENN. Why not, then, provide for ah-
arsenal in Kansas ?
Mr. FAULKNER. There is no necessity for
any arsenal, either of depot or construction in
Kansas, so far as 1 am informed,
Mr. GREENWOOD. In my opinion, it should
be left discretionary with the Secretary of War.
whether arsenals should be located in the T erritories
of Oregon, Washington, Kansas, or Nebraska.
The. question was taken upon Mr. Whitfield's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. HAVEN, lnasmuchas it seems to beths
inclination of the committee to sustain the ori-
ginal bill, I would ask them to amend it by striking
out the word " instructed," in the third line, and
inserting in lieu thereof the words " authorized, in
case, in his opinion, the public interests require it,"
so that it will read:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
ized, in case, in his opinion, the public interests require it,
to contract for the purchase of a site and Ihe erection of au
arsenal in ihe State of Texas, &c.
Mr. FAULKNER. I do not object to that
amendment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Haven's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. I will ask the colnmittee to
adopt one more amendment; to add, at the end of
the bill, the following:
And llie authority herein conferred, may be exercised In
reference to either one or more of the pffinls herein named.
Mr. LANCASTER. I move to amend by
striking out the word "or," and inserting the
word " and," so that the bill will provide for the
erection of an arsenal in the Territories of Wash-
ington and Oregon.
I will say, m support of this amendment, that,
if there be a spot m all our dominions where an
arsenal is required for*the protection of its inhab-
itants, it is Washington Territory; and Puget's
Sound in that Territory, in my opinion, is the
proper place for the establishment of such an ar-
senal. We are separated from the Territory of
Oregon by our mountains and streams, and we
are surrounded by most warlike tribes of Indians.
Close upon us on the north, are the British pos-
sessions, and in close proximity to us, is one of
the most powerful tribes of Indians that exist upon
the North American continent, who have often
made descents upon our inhabitants, and driven
them into fortifications. The Territorial Legisla-
ture of Washington has memorialized Congress
for the establishment of an arsenal upon Puget's
Sound, and 1 hope that the amendment which I
have proposed may be adopted by. this com-
mittee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I merely wish to
say that, under the bill as it stands, the Secretary
of War has discretion to establish an arsenal, in
either one of these Territories. I shoul'd think
that it might be located somewhere equally near
upon the borders of these two Territories, where
it would sufficiently meet the wants of both.
Mr. LANE.of Oregon. The bill, in its present
shape, provides for the purchase of a site and the
erection of an arsenal in the Territory of Wash-
ington or Oregon. 1 have no doubt that the Sec-
retary of War will do what is right in the matter,
and if the arsenal ought not to be built in Oregon,
let it be established in Washington. Leave it
discretionary with the Secretary of War to say
where the arsenal shall be established. 1 will fur-
ther state that one arsenal is enough for both Ter-
ritories. If the Secretary of War, in his wisdom^
®ays_ that the arsenal should be m Washington
1 erritory, let it be so; if in Oregon, let it be so. -
Mr. FAULKNER. In this connection 1 will
remark, that we have already established an arse-
nal upon the Pacific coast at Benicia; and one for
Oregon and Washington Territories, 1 think, will
be sufficient.
Mr. LAiNCASTER. The intelligence will be
received by the inhabitants of Washington und
Oregon Territories with displeasure and disap-
