48$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
Eur act - above mentioned, as to secure to those who
ve made Settlements in good faith, and reside upon these
ids*, the right to enter, prior to the public sale, lands to
cover their improvements at the minimum price of. one
dollar and twenty-five cents per acre.
N. C. D. TAYLOR,
Speaker House of Representatives,
S. B. OLMSTEAD,
President of the Council.
Approved, February 2,1854.
W. A. GORMAN.
Secretary's Office, St. Padi,, dpril 4,1854.
I hereby certify the foregoing to be a correct copy of the
original memorial on file in this office.
J. TRAVIS ROSSER,
Secretary of Minnesota Territory.
Mr. DISNEY. Those members who have paid
any attention to the bill and the papers which
have just been read at the Clerk's desk, will see
that no argument is needed on my part. The
Commissioner of the General Land Office has given
the reasons for the passage of his bill. It provides
that the lands in this reserve shall be disposed of
as public lands are disposed of under the general
land law regulating their disposal and sale. There
is nothing else in it, save the solitary provision in
relation to the individual designated in the second
aection-of the bill, allowing him the preemption
right to the tract indicated in that section. I
repeat there is nothing in the bill but the subject-
ing the land in the military reserve, to the general
land law, now in force, providing for the sale and
disposal of the public lands.
Mr. EASTMAN. Other gentlemen may be
satisfied of the correctness of this bill, but I am
not. In reference to preemption rights allowed
by this Government, I think the whole system
of preemption allowed upon lands reserved by
the Government, as in the present case, is wrong.
There was a large reserve, which settlers gen-
erally could not settle upon, with any expecta-
tion of being allowed to retain it, as long as it re-
mained so. Large settlements were made in that
immediate vicinity before the reserve was taken
off by the Government. After the reserve was
set off, there were certain men, influential, per-
haps,—I do not know who,—who, by the strong
arm of money, went upon the land and made pre-
emption rights, either by themselves or by men
employed for that purpose. And the poor men,
those who had but little money, and but few
friends, were driven away, and prevented from
going there, and entering into a fair and equal
competition for those lands. It seems to me that
to extend the preemption law to such men as
those I first mentioned, is, to say the least, to set
a bad precedent.
The only fair way of disposing of public lands
of this character, is to put them up at public auc-
tion, and let those have them who will pay the
highest price in open and fair competition. How
came these improvements there, and how came
these men who claim preemption rights upon
them? The law did not authorize the improve-
ments to be made, or the men to settle upon the
lands. To use the ordinary term applied to them,
if they "squatted " upon the lands, they must be
content to take the consequences of that net.
It seems to me that the only fair course the
Government can pursue, is to offer those lands for
sale at publicauction, and thereby allow the whole
public to conjpete for them. Then, if the land is
worth ten dollars an acre, it will command that
sum, and if it is worth only $1 25 an acre, it will
only sell for that amount, if it is worth a hundred
or five hundred dollars an acrc, as some of it is, the
Government of the United States will be no poorer
in consequence of offering it at public auction.
A word in relation to this second section. I
know nothing about this Rev. E. G. Gear, except
that he was a chaplain to the Army, and that he
made his settlement upon a portion of this reser-
vation, while he was chaplain to the Army, and
as such receiving the pay and emoluments pertain-
ing to that position. Now this was a Govern-
ment reserve, and I ask what right had this man,
any more than any other poor man, to go and
make improvements upon it. All other men who
attempted to enter upon this reserve, at another
time, were driven off. But here was a man, in
the employment of the Government, receiving the
pay and emoluments of his office, who was per-
mitted to locate and make improvements upon a
part of this reserve, and now he asks you to pro-
tect him by allowing him to enter his improve-
ments at § 1 25 an acre.
This reserve is near Fort Snelling, and is very
valuable. If it should be offered for sale at pub-
lic auction it would command a large price. It
may be said, in answer, that, if you do not pass
this bill as it is, giving him that right, the poor
man will be deprived of his improvements. If he
went on to the land in violation of law, and had
no right to make the improvements, he must take
the consequences of his acts, as other people are
obliged to do, who are placed in similar circum-
stances. It seems to me this bill is all wrong, and
ought not to pass.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I know very
little about this bill now under consideration,
having never seen it until it was laid upon my
table this morning. It seems, however, to be a
bill unanimously reported by the Committee on
Public Lands, and appears reasonable and just in
its provisions. But I see that the second section
provides for reserving the preemption right of the
Rev. Mr. Gear, to which my friend from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eastman] objects.
Now, I wish to say a word to the committee in
regard to this second section, and the individual
mentioned in it. The Rev. Mr. Gear has been a
chaplain at Fort Snelling, " the time whereof the
memory of man runneth notto thecontrary." He
is a man eminent for his virtues and piety. He
went there at a very eaily day, and has been ever
since upon that frontier, discharging every duty
imposed upon him by theobligations of his sacred
office. By the consent, as 1 understand, of the
officers of the Government, and of the Govern-
ment itself, he was permitted to take up a little
patch of land, upon which he has long resided,
and has cultivated from that day to this. -All that
is asked on his behalf is, jhat he may have the
benefit of the preemption principle, recognized
from the earliest period of the Government.
Mr. WHEELER. How much land is there?
Mr. RICE. One hundred and sixty acres.
Mr. WASIIBURNE. It is only just we should
allow this man the right we allow to every other
man by our preemption laws—giving him the
benefit of his own labor and improvements. As
I understand the objection made by thegentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eastman,] it is that he had
no right upon that land. He had a right there,
because he went upon it by the consent of the Gov-
ernment, and remained there by the consent of the
Government from the time he entered upon it
down to this time. If he is not protected by this
bill—and he has had possession some twenty years,
as I learn—the colisequence will be that specu-
lators will be permitted to come in and receive the
benefits of this man's improvements. I trust the
committee will not sanction such a proceeding,
but will pass this second section just as it is, and
protect this excellent man, who is so worthy the
protection of Congress.
Mr. HENN. I would ask thegentleman from
Illinois whether Mr. Gear has not done more ser-
vice for the Government, in preventing Indian hos-
tilities than the land is worth ten times over ?
Mr. WASIIBURNE. Yes, sir. Everybody
who knows that gentleman will fully attest the
valuable service which he has rendered the Gov-
ernment upon the frontier. I mentioned this
morning, in debate, the fact that Minnesota had
not, like most of the other Territories, been devas-
tated by Indian wars, which had cost the Gov-
ernment hundreds and thousands of dollars. This
is owing, I think, in a great measure, to the char-
acter of the people of that Territory. The in-
fluence of men of the high character of Mr. Gear
has contributed to insure us peace among all those
roving Indian tribes, and saved the Government
vast sums of money.
Mr. RICE. Mr. Chairman, I have been greatly
surprised at the remarks of thegentleman—I mean
the member from Wisconsin, [Mr. Eastman.]
He, a western man, asks by what right the peo-
ple went upon this land > They went upon it with
the same right that settlers have gone upon all
other United States lands. All the lands in our
other Territories have been settled in precisely the
same manner.
This military reservation of Fort Snelling was
a very large one, and I shall now proceed to ex-
plain the reasons for its being so large. I went
there when there was not a white family within
three hundred miles of the fort, outside of it. Its
military reservation was large, because the garri-
son required a great deal of hay and fire-wood.
The line was run so as to embrace land from which
these essential articles could be supplied. A few
years ago the extent of the reservation was dimin-
ished, the wood and hay having been exhausted
on a portion of it. What was cut off from- the
reservation was settled on under the general pre-
emption law. In 1852, for a similar reason, the
reservation was further reduced. Notwithstand-
ing these reductions, the reservation now covers
an extent of nine miles in circumference. Settlers
are not allowed to go upon the present reservation.
By reference to the act of 1852, however, I am
of the opinion that a fair construction would be
that it ought to be subject to the preemption laws.'
That construction has been given to the act by
some of the highest officers of the Government,
and under that construction settlers have gone
upon it. They have cultivated the land upon
which they settled, and made improvements upon
it. In my hand 1 hold a list of the men, women
and children, upon this reservation, exclusive of
those upon town sites. There are five hundred of
them; and their names are put to a petition, which
gentlemen may be assured, by looking at it, is
not penned by the nimble hands of speculators.
Here, also, is an accurate list of the improvements
upon the reservation. I shall not call it a military ,
reservation, for it is not a military reservation.
The military reservation proper still stands; this
bill does not affect it. The improvements are
valued at $1,246,000.
Under these circumstances, Mr. Chairman, it
cannot be wondered at that I ara surprised any
western man would rise here, and ask this body
to allaw speculators to put in sealed bids against
these hardy pioneers—in fact to allow the settlers
to be turned out of house and home and deprived
of their improvements. This surely is not the
treatment which this Government should give
these men whom the goddess of liberty sent into
the great West to enlarge the area of freedom.
When gentlemen want to kill measures like this
they raise the cry of " Speculators!" "Specu-
lators!" Speculators is always the cry. This
cry, however, will not deter us from setting the
facts.of the case before the committee, relying on
it for the granting of what is justly due to all our
citizens. There is a very valuable point upon this
reservation. It is occupied by some fifteen hun-
dred men, and in the bill there is a clause to extend
so much of the act of 1844 as regulates the sale
of town sites. This does not look like taking the
land from the settlers. On the contrary, the pro-
vision is for the purpose of giving each settler his
own little piece of ground, whether it embraces
sixty feet, or one hundred and fifty feet. This,
then, refutes the argument about speculators.
There is another consideration: The people of
that far north—and I am proud to have it in my
power to say so—have erected the first bridge
across the Mississippi river. It is one of the most
magnificent wire suspension bridges in the coun-
try; and we give its owners, under this bill, the
one hundred feet wide of the reservation upon
which its western end rests. The bill also gives
the builders of churches, school-houses, and col-
leges upon the reservations their improvements
and the land upon which they are constructed.
One word before I take my seat in reference to
the Rev. Mr. Gear. I have known him long and
well, and I have only known him to respect and
admire his many virtues. He has been at Fort
Snelling for twenty years; is now aged andcrip-
pled, and has a large family depending upon him
for support. His salary was $800 the year. The
officer in command of the fort gave him permis-
sion to cultivate lands, which, at the time, the
member from Wisconsin would not have bought
at fifty cents the acre. It was given to him as a
farm and garden, and to it he has devoted his
extra time and means. When the squatters came,
when the settlement of the reservation commenced,
settlers—I do not like to use the word 
Mr. BENTON. Use it, sir! Use it.
Mr. RICE. Well, then—scoundrels—took his
improvements from him. Why did they do so?
Because, sir, they knew that his age and infirmi-
ties prevented him from making resistance. They
knew full well that his religion precluded him
from asserting his rights.
In conclusion, I may say, without fear of suc-
cessful contradiction, that there was never a more
j>Jst proposition presented for the consideration
of this body. Thess men do not ask for a grant
