THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J anu arJ %%
remark m reply to the gentleman from Ohio.
That gentleman knows that we have but a few
hours left for the disposal of territorial business.
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) No debate
is in order. The rule upon the subject is as fol-
lows :
<' In the Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the bills shall he. taken tip and disposed of in their order oh
thf Calendar, but when objection ia made to the considera-
tion of a bill, a majority of the committee sha<l decide,
without d- bate, whether; it shall be taken up and disposed of
or laid aside."
Objection being made to the consideration of
this bill, the question is, " Shall it be laid aside?"
Mr. RICHARDSON. I withdraw the objec-
tion, as weshall probably be left without a quorum
if a division takes place.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I renew the
objection.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the question must
be taken uoon laying the bill aside.
Mr. HENN. 1 call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and BbvcE were appointed.
The committee was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 63, noes 58.
So the bill was laid aside for the present.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The question was then taken; and the motion
was disagreed to.
BOUNTY LANDS IN OREGON.
House bill (No. 544) regulating the location of
bounty land warrants in Oregon Territory, was
next taken up.
The lull authorizes any person residing in the
Territory of Oregon, who is now, or may hereafter
become, the legal holder of a bounty land warrant,
to locate the same on any surveyed land in said
Territory, not in the possession of any other law-
ful claimant, on making notification of such loca-
tion in due form in the land ofiice established in
said Territory. The second section of the bill
authorises any legal holder of a bounty land war-
rant, residing in the Territory of Oregon, to locate
the same on any fraction of a section, or fractions
of sections in said Territory, not in the occupa-
tion of any other lawful claimant or claimants as
shall be equal, in the aggregate, to the number of
acres specified in the warrant.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee on Public
Lands have reported this bill with an amendment,
to strike out all after the enacting clause, and in-
sert the following:
That llloso p'.TMniH who may ill' entitled to a donation ill
tine Territory of Orisfjon, under existing law*, and who aro
nuthomeii to inako payment llierelor at $'1 2o per acre,
may, in lieu of such payment, locate specific portions of
llii' land tlilH donated with a military warrant or warrants,
each w.irraut to cuver a tract tin near tins denomination of
111'.1 warrant as practicable, payment lining made lor any
in ((tianmy in any one of said locations,
Sec- 12. Jhul he tl further cnadtd, That any resident of
the said Territory of Oregon who is Hie holder and owner
of a military bounty land watrant certificate, and who is
the (iranten of feiicii cprtil5"ate, and not the assignee, may
locate the same on any surveyed public land in said Tcr
ritory, not in posse.ssioii of, or claimed by, any other lawful
claimant j which locations shall h« made in the same manner
and ho governed by the same rules as is now, or may here-
after lie, prescribed in the location of warrants on other
public iunds ot'lhe United States.
The question was taken on the adoption of the
foregoing amendment; and it was adopted.
Mr. FULLER. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands whether
there has been any instance in which donations
of lands have been authorized to be made, where
they had not been surveyed previously. If there
is anything about our land system that I admire,
it is the system of surveys, which is so well cal-
culated to prevent litigation. I should like to hear
an explanation upon the subjpet before I vote for
a bill of this description.
Mr. HOWE. The bill may be exactly right
in every particular, but I would be glad to know,
from some of the friends of the measure, what
reason there is for adopting a different rule in
Oregon from that prevailing in other Territories.
If the bill is correct, I am prepared to vote for it.
Mr. HENN. I will state to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, that it is impossible for a person
residing in Oregon to use a land warrant at all,
although he may receive it himself for his services.
The object of this bill, in the first place, is to
enable him to locate land with his warrant, in-
stead of money, as he is now authorized to do,
the same as in the States. In the second place,
the bill authorizes a pers'on who served for a
warrant himself, to locate it upon any surveyed
public lands in the Territories. It is merely
extending privileges to the people of Oregon that
are possessed in other parts of the country.
Mr. WADE. I should like to ask the gentle-
man from Iowa whether this bill permits the loca-
tion of any lands which are not surveyed?
Mr. HENN. Not at all. .
Mr. LETCHER. The phraseology of this bill
seems to be a little curious: "Shall locate specific
portions of the land donated."
Mr. H EN N. I will state to the gentleman from
Virginia, that the bill was drawn up by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, and the
committee adopted the phraseology used by him.
Mr. LETCHER. Why locate upon donated
lands ?
Mr. HENN. At present, persons locating land
are required to pay money for it,and this provision
is made so that the land warrant may be used in
the place of money.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I wish to say that the
donation law donate# to actual settlers any unoc-
cupied surveyed lands that they may choose. A
subsequent law authorizes them to perfect their
title by paying $1 25 an acre instead of claiming
under a four years' residence.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do pass.
OTHER TERRITORIAL BILLS.
The following bills, coming up in their order,
were then considered, and laid aside to be reported
to the House with a recommendation that they do
pass:
A bill to establish an additional land district in
the Territory of Oregon;
A bill for the construction of certain military
roads in the Territory cf Kansas;
A bill making an appropriation for a territorial
road in the Territory of Nebraska; and
An act making appropriations for the construc-
tion of certain military roads in the Territories of
Nebraska and Washington;
HOUSE BILL NO. 698.
The next bill which came up for consideration,
in order, was House bill (No. G98) to amend the
act of Congress, approved May 23,1844, entitled
" An act (or the relief of the citizens of towns
upon lands of the United States, under certain
circumstances."
The bill having been reported,
Mr. LETCHER said: I rise to a question of
order. The bill which has just been reported does
not cottle up for consideration under the resolution
of the House, devoting Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday to territorial business. It does,not
relate to territorial business.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to make a statement
in regard to this bill, to which the gentleman from
Virginia objecls. The bill under consideration
grew out of the condition of the inhabitants of the
Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, and is in-
tended to meet their case. Various applications
have been made to Congress -in reference to the
provisions enacted by Congress in relation to town
sites in Kansas and Nebraska. There have been
some half dozen bills introduced and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and they disposed
of the whole of them by proposing an amendment
to the general law, which will cover their case.
Mr. LETCHER. I want to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio one question. Is there a surveyed
town in either of the Territories of Kansas and
Nebraska ?
Mr RICHARDSON. There is in Minnesota
and Washington.
Mr. DISNEY. There are surveyed lands in
the variousTerritories, including Kansas and Ne-
braska.
Mr. LETCHER. I mean towns. I ask if
there is a survey town in either of those Terri-
tories ?
Mr. DISNEY. Towns have been located and
are now occupied; and the parties interested have
made application to Congress for a special act for
their benefit, and out of those applications has
grown the bill now under consideration before the
committee.
Mr. LETCHER. I will give the reasons for
my course in regard to this bill. The Delegate
from Utah has been ruled out almost altogether
thus far, he having had but one bill, in which he
is more immediately interested, presented to-day.
If these bills, not relating to territorial business,
are to be permitted to come up for consideration
he is practically excluded altogether. Now, if
w.e are to attend to territorial business, let those
measures occupy the attention of this committee,-
and let every Delegate h&>re an equal right upon
this floor.
Mr. DISNEY. I did notconclude what I had
to say.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inquire
of the gentleman from Virginia if he objects to
the consideration of this bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I do.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman objects;
and the first question is, will the House lay aside
the bill? That question is not debatable.
Mr. HAMILTON. Has the Chair decided
the question of order ?
The CHAIRMAN. The other question is first
to be decided.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not withdraw, my
question of order, and 1 want the decision of the
Chair upon the general character of this bill.
Mr DISNEY. I wish to say, if the gentleman
from Virginia knew all the facts in this case, he
would be the very first member in this House to
insist upon the consideration of this bill. If he
knew the operation of it, and the abuses at which
it is leveled, he would be the last man to object.
Mr. LETCHER. I will say to the gentleman
I do not raise the question upon such grounds.
My objection is based upon consideration entirely-
independent of the abuses which the bill is designed
to remedy. I want all the Delegates to have an
equal chance in this committee, and if all bills of
this character—not relating to Territorial busi-
ness—are to be considered, there is one Delegate
who will have no chance.
The CHAIRMAN. The bill which has been
reported, and now under consideration,is general
in its provisions, and is applicable to States as
well as to Territories, and, therefore, is not entitled
to be considered under the resolution of the House
setting aside the three days for the consideration
of territorial business. The Chair holds the point
of order well taken, and rules the bill out of
order.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses, upon the amendment to the
bill of the Senate (No. 30) entitled " An act for
the relief Thomas Marston Taylor."
And that the Senate has passed a bill of the fol-
fowing title:
Senate bill, (No. 538,) An act for the relief of
Jacob Dodson.
SECRETARY OP MINNESOTA TERRITORY.
The next bill which came up in order for con-
sideration was Senate resolution (No. 29) for the
relief of the Secretary of the Territory of Minne-
sota. The bill was read in externa.
Mr. EDGERTON. I rise to a question of
order. It is, whether that bill is in order under
the resolution restricting us to the consideration
of territorial business?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
think that it is a private bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Chair, for a moment, to one point.
This bill relates to the salary of an officer of a
Territory.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to allow a letter I have, in'reference to this
subject, to be read, and 1 think he will not object
to the consideration of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The salary of the secre-
tary of the Territory of Minnesota is, like the
salary of any other officer under the Government,
provided for by law. It is, therefore, in the opin-
ion of the Chair, a private, and not a territorial
bill; no more so than a bill for the relief of any
other officer. The Chair holds the point of order
well taken, and rules the bill out of order.
SURVEYOR GENERAL OP UTAH.
House bill (No. 689) to establish the office of
surveyor general of Utah, and to grant land to
actual settlers therein, was again taken up and
reported to the committee.
