4m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. To keep the bills
before the House.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I object.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Weft, sir, as I seem to
be unable to make an agreement with anybody
but myself, I see no other course than to ask the
House to proceed with the business ill its regular
order.
[Cries of "That's right." " Go on."]
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask, then, for a vote
upon concurring with the committee in striking
out the enacting clause of the telegraph bill._
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish to inquire if
we could not take such of these bills as do not
give rise to objection, and put them upon their pas-
sage at once?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Illinois has asked the consent of the House
to adopt that course, but it has been objected to,
and cannot be agreed to except by unanimous con-
sent. The Chair will, however, put the question
to the House once more. If thereis no objection,
the Clerk will read the bills by their titles, and
such as ate objected to will be laid aside for
further action.
There being no objection, the Clerk proceeded
to read the title of the first bill, as follows:
A bill authorizing the construction of a subter-
ranean line of telegraph from the Mississippi or
the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean.
Mr. LETCHER objected; and the bill was
passed by.
OTHER TERRITORIAL BILLS.
House bill (No. 543) for the construction of a
military road in Oregon.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that,
the vote be taken upon all the bills together that
are not objected to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there be no
objection, the Clerk will read the bills by their
titles, and the vote will be taken upon such as are
not objected to at masse.
There being no objection, the Clerk proceeded
to read the titles of the bills, as follows:
Joint resolution authorizing the Legislative
Assembly of Utah to continue their sessions for a
term not exceeding sixty days, instead of forty
days, as heretofore provided. [Objected to by
Mr. Src.vRT, of Ohio.]
The following House bills, reported from the
Committee of the Whole without amendments,
were then ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, they were sever-
ally read the thild time, and passed:
A bill making appropriations for improving
certain military loads in the Territory of Minne-
sota;
A bill to establish an additional land district in
the Territory of Oregon;
A bill making an appropriation for a territorial
road in the Territory of Kansas;
A bill authorizing the Secretary of War to pur-
chase sites and contract for the erection of
arsenals in Texas and New Mexico, and in the
Territory of Oregon;
A bill making an appropriation for completing
the public buildings of Oregon Territory;
Senate bill (No. 435) making appropriations
for the construction of certain military roads in
the Territories of Nebraska and Washington,
reported without amendment, was ordered to a
third reading; and subsequently read the third
time, and passed.
The following bills, reported with amendments,
weiethen taken up, the amendments were con-
curred in, the bills were oidered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, they
wereaccordmgly read the third time, and severally
passed:
A bill making an appropriation for completing
the public buildings of Oregon Territory; and
A bill authorizing the Secretary of War to pur-
chase sites and contract for the erection of ar-
senals in Texas and New Mexico, and in the
Territory of Oregon.
The titles of the bills were severally amended,
BO as to make them conform to the amendments
adopted.
House bill (No. 591) to provide for the erection
of public buildings in the Territory of N«toaska 
reported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union with an amendment, was next
taken up, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. LETCHER. I "move further to amend
that bill by adding the same restriction in regal d
to the selection of a site for these public buiidmg3
as was inserted in the Kansas bill, on my motion,
while we were in Comftntteeof the Whole. It was
an unusual provision in the Kansas and Nebraska
bill to allow the Governors of those Territories to
select the sites, and I want the restriction to apply
to both of them.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from Virginia is wrong.
If these public buildings are to belong to anybody,
they ought to belong to the Territories, and here-
after to the States to be formed out of those Ter-
ritories. After the contest of last session about
military men regulating and controlmg public
works, the gentleman ought to be the last to pro-
pose to strike out the Governors of the Territories
and place this duty in the hands of military men.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to say a single word
in reply to the gentleman. I have not moved to
deprive the Governors of this right at all; so that
the gentleman was striking in the wrong direc-
tion, and in utter ignoranceof what he was hitting
at. [Laughter.]
Mr. G1DDINGS, of Nebraska. I ask the
gentleman from Illinois to withdraw the previous
question for a moment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will do so.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I. wish to say a word or
two in answer to the gentleman from Virginia, in
relation to the power of the Governors in locating
the seats of government in these Territories. No
such power is given them. They are given the
right to select the point at which the first Legisla-
ture shall be convened; but after that, it is left to
the Legislature to decide at what point the future
capitol shall be located. I hope the gentleman
will not attempt to place restrictions upon Kansas
and Nebraska that have never been placed upon
any other Territories under the Government of
the United States.
The question being on the adoption of Mr.
Letcher's amendment,
Mr. WHEELER demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Speaker, as I' see that
my amendment cannot pass here, I will withdraw
it, so as to avoid the probability of the House
finding itself without a quorum.
[Cries of "Good !" " That is right!"]
Mr. MORGAN. I renew it.
Mr. LETCHER. Renew what?
Mr. MORGAN. Renew the proposition with-
drawn by the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I do not understand
what that proposition is, and I wish it to be re-
ported. I hope, therefore, that the gentleman
from New York will send his amendment up to
the Clerk's desk, so that we may know what it is.
Mr. MORGAN. The Clerk has the amendment
before him.
Mr. LETCHER, (amid roars of laughter.) No,
he has not; it is an amendment only by a sort of
understanding between the Clerk and myself.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask tin: Chair what motion
have we been acting on here just now?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The proposition
of the gentleman from Virginia. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDGERTON. I rise to a question of
order. I do not know that the gentleman has a
right to ofk that question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the gentleman
from New York sends his amendment to the Chair
it will be reported.
Mr. BRIDGES. I ask the gentleman from New
York to reduce to writing his amendment, propo-
sition, or wha'ever it is.
Mr. MORGAN. It is very extraordinary, sir,
when we have been just acting upon a proposition,
that we do not know what it was about. [Laugh-
ter.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is just as ex-
traordinary for the gentleman from New York to
make a motion and not know what it was.
[Roais of laughter, and cries of " Question !"
" Question !"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is
on ordering the bill to .be engrossed and read a
third time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a thiid time; and being engrossed, it was accoid-
ingly read a third time and passed.
House bill (No. 605) to provide for the erection
of public buildings in the Territory of Kansas
came up next in order.
Mr. LETCHER. If I have the liber'y of doing
so, I withdraw the amendment which I offered to
this bill.
Mr. PHELPS. Or the House can vote it
down.
Mr. MORGAN. Have I aright to know what
that amendment is?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Yes, the first
amendment is as follows; at the endof the eighth
line add the following:
" Or of any poriion of tile money heretofore appropriated
for that purpose."
Mr. PHELPS". That amendment is right; let
it be adopted.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The gentleman
who offered it in the committee asks to withdraw
it, if he has the power.
Mr. RICHARDSON. No; that amendment
is right; it provides that the Government shall
not have the disposal of the money until the site
is fixed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then this is not
the amendment which the gentleman from Vir-
ginia proposed to withdraw ?
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Second amendment:
At the end of the bill add the following:
'* Or till the title of the site for said building be secured
to Ihc United States.5'
Mr. RICHARDSON. That is the amend-
ment which the gentleman from Virginia proposes
to withdraw.
Mr. LETCHER. Better let us vote upon it.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
House bill (No. G88) to amend the act ap-
proved 25th August, 1852, entitled "An act to
reduce and define the boundaries of the military
reserve at Saint Peter's river, in the Territory of
Minnesota," and for other purposes.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
The bill was laid aside.
House bill (No. 544) regulating the location of
bounty land warrants in Oregon Territory; which
was reported with an amendment by the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was concurred in.
The bill v/as ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read a third time, and passed.
House bill (No. 6R9) to establish the office of
surveyor general of Utah, and to grant land to
actual settlers therein.
Mr. DISNEY. The Delegate from Utah desires
a further opportunity to claim the consideration
of the House with respect to this bill—a course
which, I may add, is somewhat in conflict with
my own views. 1 have suggested to him that the
better way would be—as it is, in one respect, a
bill to which nobody has any objection—to save
as much of the bill as the>e is no objection to and
to have it passed; and that is the portion of it
providing for the creation of the office of surveyor
general. I suggested this in order that, if thfot
were done, the Government might go on and sur-
vey the lands. It was advisable, 1 thought, that
this course should be pursued in order that we
might avoid the heretofore vexed question in rela-
tion to Mormonism. Rutthe Delegate fiom Utah
prefers that the entire bill should be lo,-t, rnther
J] than be limited down to what I have mentioned.
II There is nothing in the bill except the provision
to establish the office of surveyor general and the
pro\i.,ion to extend dona'ions of land to actual
settlers, having no allusion whatever to 11 e prin-
ciples I have mentioned. It is according lo ihe
general principle of donations which lave leen
made in the organization of all our Ten nories.
It extends the principle of preemption m particu-
lar cases, where th® inhabitants, from tire necessity-
