498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 81,
the reception of this information, an order was immediately
issued to General John G. Shields, directing him to coil out
UWCity Guards, of Dubuque, and such other force as might
be necessary, not exceeding two companies, to remove tile
Indians ftom the State."
"If our Army should be increased to the largest
number proposed, it would have but a force of
fourteen thousand seven hundred and thirty-one
officers and men; but the Secretary of War, than
whom no one is more competent to judge, states,
ihat large allowances must always be made for
■absentees,,invalids, &c., and that the effective
force, under the proposed organization, would
•probably never exceed eleven thousand. Any one,
even slightly acquainted with the nature of an
army, will at onee perceive that the Secretary is
right in his estimate-as to what will be the actual
number of men ready for service. This diminu-
tiori.occursfrom the rapid succession of casualties,
from sickness, accidents, expirations of enlist-
ments, . desertions, and death. Looking to the
condition of our Army in times past, we find its
available force is always a fourth, frequently a
third, less than that authorized by law.
Our sea-board and foreign frontier, without
counting the doublings and indentations of the
coast, exceeds ten thousand miles. We have
double lines of Indian frontier and routes through
the Indian country, amounting to more than eight
thousand miles, upon which we not only owe it to
our own citizens to protect them, but are bound
by treaty obligations and the dictates of humanity,
to protect the weaker from the stronger tribes of
Inaians.
Our fortifications and military posts have been
greatly increased since the conclusion of the war
with Mexico, and they, of course, ret&ire more
force to occupy and defend them. 1, he Indian
population embraced within our present limits is
estimated, by the Secretary of War, to be four
hundred thousand—of which probably one half,
or forty thousand warriors, are believed to be
hostile, and quite ready to become our active en-
emies. The older sisters of the Union should not
forget that, by a policy, over which the West had
no control, almost the entire Indian population of
the United Statqs is concentrated on the weakest
portion of our frontier—the southwestern, the
western, and the northwestern States and Terri-
tories. They have not only been located there,
butmany of them are filled with revenge, for de-
feats and mistreatment which they suppose them-
selves to have received in States now relieved of
their presence. They are placed in ready com-
munication with the wild Indians of the West,
those powerful and warlike tribes in the direction
of Mexico, the Rocky mountains, and the north-
west. Tribes which have never crossed steel with
us, and who will aver be found ready to join in
any inroad upon our frontier.
Anxious as I am, Mr. President, for the pas-
sage of these measures, looking to the defense of
my constituents and neighbors, I should not have
consumed any of the precious time of the Senate
with these remarks, had it not been for the, to me,
extraordinary speech of the Senator from Texas,
who sits furthest from me, [Mr. Houston.] I
have seldom listened to a speech, from the views
and sentiments of which I more thoroughly dis-
sented than 1 do from those advanced by him,
and but for my personal knowledge of his iden-
tity, I could not have believed that I was listen-
ing to the pupil of Jackson, who bears upon his
person enduring and honorable memorials of those
bloody contests into which the Tennesseeans
were forced by the atrocities of the Creek and
other tribes of the southwest, during our late war
■with Great Britain. His speech, if I correctly
apprehended it, was little short of a direct attack
upon the people of the frontier, and the Army of
the United States; or rather, an indictment of
every man who wears the epaulettes of his country,
or marches under its flag. I was glad that the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Shields,] called upon
him to name the men who have been guilty of the
outrages which he charged. The Senator from
Illinois called on him to name them, because he
is anxious to preserve the honorofthe country,
and unwilling to screen Army officers, or any
other individuals in authority, from the merited
chastisement of public opinion, or the just sentence
of a court-martial. Sir, I think I may presume
to epeak for the Secretary of War, (whom ! know
■well, but have seen only once during this session,
and then only for a few minutes,) and for him
who wields, for the time being, the destinies of
this Republic, that if the Senator will name the
men who have committed the outrages of which
he complains, and make out his case, they will
be arraigned before a court-martial in double
quick time, and if found guilty, those epaulettes
and swords which they have disgraced, will be
stripped from their shoulders and taken from their
sides. That I guarantee, and again call upon the
Senator to name the officers who have been guilty
of this alleged misconduct.
Mr. President, how strangely does the remarks
of the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Houston,] to
which I am replying, contrast with the speeches
which were made by his able and efficient col-
league [Mr. Rusk] but a short time since, to in-
duce the Senate to ratify the late treaty with
Mexico. That treaty has been made public, and,
therefore, I have a right to speak of it, and of the
arguments which were used in favor of its ratifi-
cation. The principal one being to get rid of our
liability under the eleventh article of the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo, by which we were bound to
protect the Mexicans from Indian incursions and
depredations. Our inability to comply with this
treaty stipulation was forcibly shown by referring
to the fact that we v/ere unable to save from pil-
lage and massacre our own citizens. Sir, those
eloquent appeals of that Senator [Mr. Rusk] are
still ringing in ears. He described to us in
words of living truth, I am sure, the forays which
the Camanches were wont to make upon the
Mexican and Texaapeople. Day after day he de-
picted to us the norroiT, of Camanche cruelty and
barbarity. He described the dreadful system of
slavery and cruelty to which they subjected
their prisoners, and the large number of Mexican
women and children, who were in th^J. miserable
condition; one far more lamentable than any ever
ascribed to the'negroes of the South, even by the
most crazy and fanciful abolitionist who ever
spoke or wrote upon that subject. He told us of
the dreadful servitude and scourge to which these
unhappy people were subjected by the barbarous
Camanches; the recital ot which, in his nervous
and manly style caused the Senate to thrill with
pity.
1 do not now refer to this subject to animadvert
in the slightest degree upon the argumentsor con-
duct of that distinguished Senator upon the treaty
to which 1 refer. On the contrary, I award to him
praise for the unflagging devotion which he has
ever manifested to his State, and for his extraordi-
nary tact and skill in serving her upon two mem-
orable occasions which have fallen under my
observation. But whether in secret or open ses-
sion, the whole Senate will bear me witness to the
frequent references made by that Senator to the
utter inadequacy of the protection afforded by our
Government to his constituents, and of .the num-
ber of them which had fallen and were falling under
the merciless Indian hatchet, yet his colleague now
rises upon this floor and tells us that the Indians
never commit outrages—that they only act upon
the defensive and are forsooth a most harmless
and docile people. Sir, let me read a short ex-
tract from a letter by a recent Governor of Texas,
Governor Wood, to the late Secretary of War,
devoted to the subject of the defenses of his State.
He says:
" A consideiabic portion of (his force, being infantry and
artillery, is wholly unad.ipted to the peculiar service re-
quired .lijainst these tribes, who, by many successful forays,
have possessed themselves ot iai^e herds of horses, and
who move uniformly upon horseback, and u ith great celer-
ity. Companies are stationed from nay to one hundred
miles dittaiit irom each other, along a lino running, as I
have before said, through a sparsely settled region, ami in-
tersected at numberless points by a charactet of country
well calculated to shelter their approach and atfmd them an
undetected ingress into the settlements, where, in obedience
to their savage instincts, tlley plunder and murder, ar.d, be-
fore troops can be bad trom any sto'ion, they are beyond
the reach of pujsuit, and secure in their lastnesses."
* * * * * * *
" There have been atleast onehundred and fifty persons
hilled in the vicinity of Corpus Chrtsti within a year, an
incredible amount of property carried away and destroyed,
and tlie settlers, in many instances, entnely broken up, and
driven trom their homes.
" The utter futility of all mere treaty restraints with such
a people, without fixed habitations or pursuits, or of the
means oi offering adequate guarantees for their observance,
and mto whose social sjstem the right to steal and kill, is
incorporated as tally as thoir right to breathe the common
air, needs no demonstration. The history of the past is
piegnant with its confirmation. They can only be re-
strained by motives of fear, awakened by the presence of
a power ready and able to punish thum. The condition of
thiugs alluded to, must, and will continue, unless attested
by a military force adapted to, and adequate for, the pur-
pose."
When I read this statement of the Governor of
Texas, and recall to mind the cogent and power-
ful arguments of the Senator from Texas, [Mr.
Rusk,] in favor of an increase of the military
power of this Government, I must confess that J
am still more astonished, if not confounded, at
the remarks of the other Senator from Texas,
[Mr. Houston.] Sir, as before remarked, I was
gratified that the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Shields,] as an impartial man, equally so between
the North and South, as one who embraces within
his political affections every portion of our ex-
tended Confederacy, without regard to mere State
lines or geographical distinctions, gave the facta
and the figures in regard to the present disposition
of our military forces. It was such as fully to
rebut the statement of the Senator, [Mr. Houston,]
that Texas received no protection, and desired
none. The report read by the Senator from Illi-
nois showed a very large proportion of our pre-
sent small military force, to be in and upon the
frontiers of Texas, and in addition thereto the
employment and payment, by this Government,
of several companies of Texas volunteers. I would
not take from Texas any portion of that force. I
am desirous that she should be protected through-
out her length and breadth. Knowing the neces-
sity to exist for an efficient force in that quarter, I
am willing to grant it, and should be gratified to
see it led by a soldier of her own, whom I lately
saw in this Chamber—Ben McCulloch—who so
distinguished himself by his gallantry and officer-
like conduct in our late war with Mexico—a par-
tisan officer, who threw himself in the front ranks
wherever danger was to be met, and who aided,
amid the shower of bullets with which our Army-
was received ,to plant, in triumph, the star-spangled
banner upon the stony walls of Monterey—his
intrepidity having made him an object of scarcely
less curiosity to Ampudia and the Mexicans, than'
was General Taylor himself. I should be glad to
see him placed at the head of one of the proposed
new regiments. I am willing to intrust the peace
of the frontier to his prudence and discretion, as
well as to his valor, believing that he is a man
who has a head for some other purpose than to
wear a hat upon it, and that he has other and
higher attributes of character than mere physical or
brute courage. •
I understood the Senator from Texas to say that
in all the conflicts between the white and the red
men on the frontiers of this country, his own race
were in the wrong, and that their murderous and
thieving propensities were the causes of the con-
flicts which have taken place between the races.
If I am wrong, I wish to be corrected.
Mr, HOUSTON. If the gentleman calls on me,
I will explain to him with great pleasure.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Before yielding the
floor to the Senator, I wish to call attention to
another remark of his. I understood him to say—
I trust,on account ofthe chaplet of renown which
adorns his brow, that I misunderstood hirii—
he would take the side of the Indians against the
whites, on account of his conviction of the wrong
which they have endured and are still suffering
from the whites.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am very happy to state
that the gentleman labors under a misapprehen-
sion on both those points. What I stated was,
that I never in my life knew a case where a treaty
had been deliberately violated by any tribe of In-
dians. I admitted that individuals might have
committed depredations in violation of treaties, and
that the whites would seek redress immediately of
the tribes, and thus war might be brought on. I
said also, that these Sioux talked of embodying
themselves to resist the whites, and that if aggres-
sions were made upon thera for the purpose of
destroying them, and I was in their neighborhood
and identified with them, I would help them io
resist wrong, and outrage, and oppression. That
is what I said.
Mr. DODGE, oflowa. The declaration, upon
the part of that Senator, went to every Indian war
or disturbance which we have had in the north-
west, or in the southwest, as 1 understood it.
Mr. HOUSTON, I do not know the particu-
lars of the transactions to which the Senator
alludes.
Mr. DODGE,of Iowa. Within my own day,
we have had in my section of the country, two
