800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 81,
numerous gentlemen. The Senator from Arkan-
sas'[Mr. Johnson] is the author of a proposition
to ameliorate their condition. I ask the Senator
from Texas, who has manifested so much feeling
for them, why he has not brought forward a
series of measures for their benefit, for their pre-
servation, and for their protection ? Who is more
competent to do it? He has not done it during
the whole course of his legislative career. Why
has he not employed those talents with which
God has endowed him, as my friend from Arkan-
sas and others have, in pressing public measures
to benefit the condition of the Indians. But, in-
stead of doing this, his purpose seems to be to
condemn all that others have done or propose to
do. But let me continue the extract which I was
reading from my remarks on the Nebraska and
Kansas bill:
" I eay of this race, as.I have said of the African, it is
tile decreeof Almighty God that the Indian shall give way
to the Anglo-Saxon, and that that philanthrophy which
blubbers over it is sickly indeed. In our onward course
we are but pursuing the example set lis by the Pilgrim fath-
ers. These pious and most excellent old gentlemen re-
solved, if I have read aright some portion of their history,
that Massachusetts was God's country, that His country
was the inheritance of His children, and that they were
the Lord's children; and, acting upon that principle, our
nation has been peopled.
" Would you reinstate upon its surface the once powerful
tribes who inhabited the Atlantic slope of this Union ?
Would you bring back Tecumseh and Pontiac, with their
followers, to the banks of the Wabash or Detroit rivers ?
Would you recall Black Ilawk and Keokuk, with their
once powerful and confederated tribes, to Iowa? No, sir,
no; you would not do any of these things; and yet to stay
the car of progress there are those who would fain clog its
wheels with somber and imaginary histories ot Indian
wrongs and Indian sufferings.
" But, sir, I owe it to the Government of my country, to
declare my settled and honest conviction that it has been
governed by high principles of honor, humanity, and jus-
tice in all its intercourse with these people. Unlike every
other Government which preceded our.*, wo lmve recog-
nized their title to the lands over which they roam—have
treated with them as independent people—paid them valu-
able considerations for every foot of soil they claimed, and
have sought, by every means 111 our power, to ameliorate
their condition, notwithstanding the dreadful provocations
we have had to incite us to pursue an opposite eourso.
Treachery and cruelty, with a few creditable exceptions,
have been tlielr leading characteristics. The "Prophet"
threw bis arms around General Harrison's neck and kissed
him—while pointing to'the low grounds near the Tippe-
canoe for his encampment—-intending, at the time, to sur-
prise and murder the General and his men, if possible, white
sleeping in their tents ; which he and his warriors attempted
that very night, by rushing past the sentinels and attacking
the sleeping soldiers, tomahawk in hand. Black Hawk
and his followers invaded the sovereign State of Illinois in
hestile array, after having twice sold all their claim to lands
Willi the limits of that Stato."
Sir, while this debate was progressing yester-
day, I received some important information from
Major Gilpin, who accompanied Colonel Doni-
phan on his justly celebrated expedition, rivaling
those of antiquity, at the head of his gallant regi-
ment of Missouri volunteers, who marched over
(h« Mexican cannon at Sacramento, and entered
Chihuahua in triumph, forming a junction with
General Taylor. Theconductof those men during
that expedition showed, as Americans ever will
show, generous feelings, and a desire to protect
the- weak and the helpless. They found the
Camanches were superior, in point of strength,
to the Mexican inhabitants. When they passed
through some of the Mexican villages, they found
that they had been devastated by the Camanches,
and that the Mexican women had been carried
into captivity. Those brave men pursued, upon
their fleet horses, the Indians, overtook them, and
at the risk of the poisoned arrow, reclaimed Mex-
ican women, and returned them to their relatives,
with whom, as a nation, we were at war.
Major Gilpin, who resides at Independence, Mis-
souri, informed me that, during the past year, fif-
teen of his intimate friends have been killed in the
Indian country. He is remarkablyititelligent,and
is as well acquainted with our Indian relations as
any gentleman of my acquaintance; and he gives
it as his opinion that, during the fifteen years he
has resided on that frontier, there never was a
time when more danger to American citizens, in
traveling across the plains to Oregon and Califor-
nia, or to Santa Fe, was to be apprehended than
at the present. He fears that, unless something be
promptly done, more American citizens will fall
under the Indian hatchet than are proposed to be
raised by this measure. We well know that, at
the time when the British were resisting our set-
tlements on the Pacific frontier of the Union, the
Hudson's Bay Company placed British rides in
the hands of the Indians, and rewarded them for
scalps of Americans. It was estimated that more
than five hundred of our people fell in Oregon by
British rifles during the joint occupancy of that
Territory.
Mr. President, there was, in the latter part of
the remarks of the Senator from Texas, an intima-
tion which I heard with profound regret. It wag,
that these troops were not to be raised for his own
particular locality—that they were not for tile ben-
efit of Texas, but far the protection of the emi-
grant routes to Oregon and California.
Mr. HOUSTON. That was no complaint of
mine. What I said was in reference to the ap-
prehensions of my colleague, that I presumed he
had not "discovered that Texas was omitted in this
provision. I did not complain of it, for I do not
want your troops there.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Well, sir, compari-
sons are invidious, and sometimes odious. If I
could venture to address a word of advice to my
respected friend from Texas, who last addressed
the Senate, I would say that I think, if there is
any man on God's earth who can be trusted to
attend to the interests of Texas, all and singular, j
it is the Senator nearest to me, [Mr. Rusk,] with-
out saying aught against the other Senator.
Mr. HOUSTON. I concur with you fully.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Sir, I am not disposed
to complain that Texas employs too large a por-
tion of the Army of the United States; but, after
the facts which my friend from Illinois has pre-
ssnted, I think it is very evident that she has her
full share of our present Army. As the Senator
has made that point, I may be allowed to refer to
another in this connection. Congress, at its ses-
sion of 1845—'46, authorized a rifle regiment to be
raised, as soon as the vanguard of our pioneers
to the Pacific had scaled the Rocky mountains for
the purpose of settling in Oregon. This was done
to protect emigrants in their passage through the
desert over which these worse than Scythians or
Arabs roamed, ready to attack our people and
levy tribute on them, who would pounce upon
them from every tree and rock. That rifle regi-
ment was placed under the command of Persif'er
F. Smith, and an appropriation was made for the
purpose, in order to protect that frontier and those
emigrants. This was before the acquisition of
California. That regiment, however, was taken
off to bear a part in our glorious war with Mexico,
and a small portion of it has since been returned
to that frontier; but it is entirely inadequate for
the purposes of defense. I refer to the fact only
to snow the necessity which seemed to exist even
then for additional force; and certainly that neces-
sity is greater now. I believe the largest portion
of that regiment is now in Texas; but of this I do
not complain.
Mr. Pieaident, if it were not that I believe the.
Senator from Texas to be a patriotic and honest
man, devoted to his country and her interests,
and who would not use his high position upon
the floor of the Senate of the United States, or
•laewhsrs, to electioneer for the presidency or any
other office, I should be disposed to say that the
several speeches which he has made on this sub-
ject have been directed to that section of the
country in which he does not live, with a view to
ulterior purposes. I should believe this, if the
remarks which he has made hud come from any
one else. Let me tell him, or others who may
Keek to ride upon this hobby, that there are two
sides to this question. I freely admit, in respect
to my Whig friends, that I have not seen the
slightest manifestation of party feeling from them
on this occasion. By his victories he has aided
in extending the limits of the Republic, and in this
way additional savages have been brought within
our limits. If my people are to be scalped by
those savages; if they are to be dragged from their
homes to defend the country; and if ne interposes,
and denies that which the Btitish Government
extends to its subjects everywhere—protection to
individual men; if the people of the West be
denied that protection, without which Govern-
ment is worth nothing, we shall remember those
by whose agency it is done.
Mr. President, 1 have made these allusions in
no unfriendly spirit. That Senator knows, or, if
he does not, I do, that I entertain for him feelings of
great kindness. I will now take occasion further
to say that, if he should be the nominee of that po-
litical party in this country, with which I expect
always to act, in the next presidential canvass, I
can and will support him with great pleasure,
provided, always, that he shall come out boldly
and squarely against Know-Nothingism, and in
favor of religious freedom, and against the perse-
cution of any man on account of the place of his
birth. I do not mean to insinuate, or assert, that
such considerations as those to which I have re-
ferred have influenced the Senator from Taxes;
but we must recollect that now-a-days scarcely
any measure can be proposed that is not, in soma
mode or other, brought into the whirlpool of poli-
tics, and upon which men will not mount as a
hobby for the sake of obtaining popularity and
catering to prejudice.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I hardly
know what to say in reply to the honorable Senator
from Iowa, for I hardly know what to think of
his speech. [Laughter.] If I were to characterize
his remarks in any way, I should say that they
were, at least, very remarkable. In the first place,
let me say to that honorable Senator, and to the
honorable Senator from Florida, that they were"
talking about things of which I knew very little,
for I was not in the United States when the occur-
rences to which they alluded took place, and 1 waa
not, therefore, familiar with the history of those
wars. If I am not mistaken, however, it was an
outrage of a very delicate character which brought
on the Florida war.
Mr. MALLORY. That is a mistake, sir.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, sir, that was the re-
port which was brought to Texas. Whether it was
true or not, I do not know; but that was the in-
formation which I received from people from that
section of the country. As for the Black Hawk
war, I know little or nothing about it; for in
Texas, at that time, we had no mail communica-
tions with the United States, and we got but few
papers from the States, so that I remained unin-
formed in relation to those matters; but no doubt
they were very exciting. The Senator from Iowa
said the Black Hawk war was brought on by a
council of the nation; but I have heard that an
examination of the circumstances will show that
the first outrage was committed by an individual,
not by the concurrence of the nation, though they
afterwards became involved in the general war.
In that statement, I believe, I am sustained by the
history of the times. I have already stated that
occasions occur where outlaws among the Indians
commit acts of aggression on the whites, and
the whites immediately retaliate on the Indian
nations, and those nations, in self-defense, become
involved in war; but I never knew a case whera
a treaty, which was made and carried out in good
faith, was violated by the Indians. In Florida,
the Indians complained that they had been de-
ceived in the treaty, and that the boundaries as-
signed were not as they understood them; and
they killed their own chiefs. It was charged that
some of the agents were involved in speculations
to a great extent, dependent on the tj-Mty. I rec-
ollect it was so stated at the time.
I think, sir, the Senator's speech was of a re-
markable character in relation to politics and other
matters, which I am sorry that he has introduced.
He has undertaken to admonish me, and for this
admonition I am much obliged to him. His expe-
rience,his superioropportunities, may entitle him,
m the opinion of others, to the right of admonish-
ing mo; and I am perfectly willing, on that point,
to yield my own opinion to what may be the gen-
eral impression of the body. I did not provoke
his remarks by any allusion to any one, predicated
upon my own disposition to arraign the conduct
of others; nor have I asserted anything in regard
to the officers of the Army, but what are matters
of fact taken from the official documents. When
I made suggestions of a speculative character I
gave them as such.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Iowa has
said that he would not have been astonished if the
rankest Abolitionist had made such a speech, and
had avowed such sentiments as I did. He says
that, if a man in western New York had presented
such views he would not have been surprised.
iNow, 1 wisn to know what connection my re-
marks had with Abolition ? What connection had
they with any one in western New York ? In
what respect have I catered to any prejudice or
morbid sensibility ? I have stood here alone in
this body, against a powerful array of talent and
influence, contending for what I conceived to be
