mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501
a great principle, and which must obtain or the
Indian race be exterminated. In regard to that
principle, I have the concurrence of the Senator
from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] who was once
Secretary of War, and as such had control of the
Indian department, and who has, since that pe-
riod, been a prominent member of the Committee
on Indian Affairs of the Senate. I believe that
my opinions are also concurred in by the Senator
from Arkansas, [Mr. Sebastian,] who is the
head of the Committee on Indian Affairs. I can
inform the Senator from Iowa that I will sustain
him to the extent of my humble abilities in any
measure he may introduce in favor of the Indians,
and for the establishment of a policy which will
ultimately benefit them and reflect credit upon the
Government of the United States.
I have not been regardless of what I considered
the honor of the United States, and the interest
of the Indians, In no instance have I been remiss
in these particulars. I could not cater to any
passion or prejudice on this subject, because I
know of no societies in the North, or in the South,
or in any section of this Union, for the advance-
ment of the civilization of the Indians. If such
societies exist, I am not in correspondence with
them, nor am I aware of the existence of any
such associations. Then, for what ulterior pur-
poses could I advocate the rights of the Indians,
or invoke the justice of this Government towards
them? Could it be any expectation of political
benefits? None upon earth. I presume the Abo-
litionists are perfectly absorbed in the subject of
Abolition. For myself, I would rather see them
turn their attention to the amelioration of the con-
dition of the Indians on our western wilds, or to
the reclamation of those whom they hold in
slavery. Thsre are not less than two thousand
Erisoners in the hands of" the Camanches; four
undred in one band, in my own State. The pris-
oners can be reclaimed from those Indians, who
are coming down to settle upon their reservations.
They take no prisoners but women and boys.
The boys they treat with a degree of barbarity
unprecedented; and their cruelties towards the
females are nameless and atrocious. Our Gov-
ernment is silent in relation to them. lias hu-
manity no claims upon us in this respect? Has
justice no demand unanswered? Sir, we have
not seen the facta to which I have just alluded
impressed on a page of our official communica-
tions from the War Department. The officers
stationed near the places where those transactions
have taken place have not reported them. No
effort has been made to obtain appropriations for
the reclamation and redemption of those prisoners.
This is a subject which calls aloud for the humane
influence of tlic Senator. There is no sickly sen-
timentality m this, but a manly upheaving of soul,
that, in commiseration of suffering humanity,
demands that the Government shall rescue them
from the most cruel and unrelenting bondage.
I have been accused of catering to a morbid,
niekly sentimentality. Sir, I never yielded any-
thing of my own conscientious convictions to
consult the opinions of others. I never stooped
to solicit office; but I have received and accepted it
to my own disadvantage. 1 might have hated the
Indians, if I had a soul no bigger than a shell barlt.
[Laughter.]
In my boyish days, before manhood had har-
dened my thews and muscles, I received balls and
arrows in this body, in defenseofsuffering human-
ity, particularly women and children, against the
Indians; and I aided in reclaiming the brightest
spot of the South—Alabama. When I remember
that, in those early days, I assisted in rescuing
females and children from the relentless tomahawk
and scalping knife, it seems to me that the charge
that I have stooped to court favor by the expres-
sion of my sentiments on this question, is one
which falls harmless at my feet.
I hardly know what to think of the gentleman's
remarks as to cateringfor the presidency. I hardly
know what to say about the extraneous subjects
which he has introduced. I suppose the shortest
way of naming what he intended to allude to, is
by the term "Know-Nothing." Now, of the
Know-Nothings I know nothing, [laughter;] and
of them I care nothing. But if the principles
which I see charged to them in many instances
are the principles which they seek to carry out, I
can say to gentlemen that I concur in many of
them. If their object is to resist the encroach-
ments of one religion or sect upon another, 1 am
with them. I say, resist all such encroachments,
and leave all religion uncontarninated by the per-
version of power that might accidentally result in
proscription and the inquisition. " I'll none of
it;" I am opposed to and would prevent such a
result.
I admit that we are all descended from for-
eigners, because, originally, there were no natives
here who were white men. Many of those for-
eigners who originally came here were baptized
in the blood of the Revolution; but they were
not such men as are now coming to our shores,
and should not be named in connection with those
who are spewed loathingly from the prisons of
England, and from the pauper houses of Europe.
Such men are not to be compared to our ancestry,
or to the immigration which, until recently, has
come to our shores from foreign countries. If
the object of those to whom the Senator from
Iowa has referred, be to prevent men of infamous
character and paupers from coming here, 1 agree
with them. I would say, establish a law requiring
every person from abroad, before being received
here, to bring an indorsement from one of our
consuls abroad, and produce evidence of good
character from the place whence he emigrates, so
that, when he comes here, we may receive him
into full communion with all the rights guarantied
to him by the laws which may exist at the time
of his immigration. But, sir, to say that a felon,
who left his prison the day he sailed forthis coun-
try, or, perhaps, was brought in chains to the
vessel which bore him here, is, in five years, to
stand an equal with the proudest man who walks
on our soil, the man who has shed his blood to
consccrate liberty and his country, is not the
kind of arrangement that I go for.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the Senator from
Texas allow me to ask him one question?
Mr. HOUSTON. With pleasure.
Mr. MALLOIIY. As the subject of Know-
Nothingism, as .it is colled, has been brought
here 
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not introduced it,
and 1 am not going to comment on it.
Mr. MALLORY. Precisely so; the Senator
has not. introduced the subject, and perhaps he is
not responsible for its introduction; but he is un-
dertaking to say what he himself thinks upon it.
Now, as ho is speaking on the subject, I should
like to understand distinctly whether he approves
or does not approve of so much of the creed
attributed to the Know-Nothings as would make
those who profess the Roman Catholic religion
ineligible to office?
Mr. HOUSTON. I would vote for no such
law.
Mr. MALLORY. I asked the gentleman
whether he approved that or not—not whether he
would vote for it.
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; I could not approve
of such a law. But the proscription which is
charged on those to whom allusion has been made,
is no more than formerly existed between Whigs
and Democrats. When party discipline was kept
up, if a Whig voted for a Democratic candidate
he was ruled out of his party and branded as a
deserter; and if a Democrat voted for a Whig he
was disowned by his party. That species of po-
litical proscription will <"xist everywhere, accord-
ing to the notions of people. 1 do not set up my
opinion as the doctiine by which others are to be
governed. I am governed by my own principles,
and my own sentiments, and I have a right to
vindicate them, and I am responsible for them to
the world. When theSenator from Iowa supposes
that I would eater for the presidency of the United
States, he does me great injustice. I would not
cater for any ofliee beneath Ileaven. But, Sir, I
know one thing: if it were to be thrust upon me,
1 should make a great many changes in some
small matters. [Laughter.]
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr. President, I have
no desire to prolong this controversy with the
Senator from Texas. No man understands better
than 1 do, how much 1 must suffer in any intel-
lectual contest with one so skilled and renowned
in debate, almost as much so as he is in arms. I
know his ability to say as much on one side as on
the other, a manifestation of which we have had
in the conclusion of his remarks. [Laughter.]
Sir, I charged, and I repeat the charge, that the
speech of the Senator from Texas would have
done well if delivered by a Massachusetts Fede-
ralist, or for a man from western New York—that
region in which all the isms, from anti-masonry
down, have originated. I have read the speeches
of these eastern gentlemen, and I am aware of the
manner in which this Indian question has been
dragged into politics in times past; and I know
the purpose to which it is to be again prostituted
in the approaching presidential canvass; I sea
attempted in connection with the Kansas and Ne-
braska law, the appeal that is to be made to csupls
with that measure, this one, which is to provide
for the defense of the country. I repeat, so far as
I am concerned, that as long as I have a voice or
a vote, I will remember those who refuse to give
us protection.
We know that the best talent of the country in
each House of Congress, has been employed in
trying to devise some plan by which the Indians,
as they become civilized, should be incorporated
into the Union and represented in Congress. My
purpose, in addressing the argumentum ad homi-
nem to the Senator from Texas, was to know
what practical measure he proposed. In his
speech, yesterday, he made the modest declara-
tion that himself and the venerable Senator from
Michigan knew more upon this subject than all
the rest of the Senate. His words were, that he
would yield the palm touching Indian affairs to
that Senator alone. Being aware of his superior
knowledge, and recollecting his past associations
and acquaintanceship with these people, I asked,
as a matter of practical legislation, why he had
not furnished the country with some plan by
which this fast fading race was to be reclaimed
from its down-trodden condition ? He has com-
plained of officers of the Army and of Indian
agents, who are removed thousands of miles from
the place where they are attacked. I believe these
officers and agents, in the main, to be high-minded,
honorable men and patriots, desirous of serving
their country and discharging their duty faith-
fully; but why does he not bring forward his bills
of pains and penalties against those dishonest offi-
cers, who have catlsed, as he thinks, bloodshed
and violence? I pledge myself to sit here all
night, to vote for such measures as may be neces-
sary to correct the evils of which he complains.
The Senator from Texas has opposed every
measure for the increase of our military force. He
is even inimical to raising five hundred cavalry,
and yet he refers to the condition of those New
Mexicans who are now the prisoners and slaves
of the Camanches, and asks why they hare not
figured in the reports ? It seems as if there wer«
some men who can never perceive anything right
in the administration of their own Government.
There were those who charged that the Florida
war was caused by an attempt to interfere with
the relations of the Seminole Indians to the ne-
groes. Now, the allegation is, that the officers of
the Government have been derelict in their duty
towards the Mexican prisoners in the hands of
the Camanches.
Mr. HOUSTON. The honorable Senator says
it is charged that the Florida war began by an in-
terference with the connection between thelndians
and their negroes. I hope he does not intend to
say that I made any such charge?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Certainly not; but it
has been repeated by others. Column after col-
umn in the Congressional Globe is filled with such
asseverations by Abolitionists in the House of
Representatives, ever since that war commenced;
and their speeches have been rehashed all over
Massachusetts and western New York, and other
places. It was charged that that was a war for
slavery, for the perpetuation, the extension, and
the maintenance of slavery; and the allegation
was, that the war was brought on by attempting
to takeaway from theSeminoles runaway negroes
who had sought shelter amongst them. I never
believed that it had the least foundation in fact.
Suppose any one of the agents of the Govern-
ment had interfered, under the orders of the Ad-
ministration, or been conspicuous in the transac-
tions to which the Senator has referred, the very
persons who are now pouncing down on them for
discharging their duty as they have done, would
have been loud in condemnation of such course.
The extraordinary inconsistency of the Senator
from Texas is shown by his condemnation of
the Government officers for sot doing the very
things which they call upon him to give them
