502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
a mounted military force to do, but which he
refuses.
Sir, I had hoped that my friend from Texas
would have met that political question to which I
incidentally alluded, as I trust it will be, by his
political associates. It is a question which wiil
go to the polls, which will be brought before the
Democratic National convention, whether it shall
meet at Baltimore or Cincinnati, and which we
must face in every portion of this Republic. I
trust it will be met aa becomes the followers of
Jefferson and Jackson—the opponents of the alien
and sedition laws—the men who have had upon
them the responsibility of administering this Gov-
- ernment, almost from its commencement down to
the present day, and who have filled the statute
book with proper laws upon the various subjects
of congressional action. I had hoped that my
friend would have met this question as became a
man occupying his high position; by a bold, un-
qualified declaration, on his part, of hostility to
the purposes of those to whom I alluded. He
has not done so. It is a matter of profound regret
with me that he has not. But, sir, 1 will nut pro-
long this discursive debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I^am very
sorry that my young friend from Iowa, for whom
I entertain so much respect, nIiouH have acted as
he has done. He certainly hns gone beyond any-
thing that 1 had imagined. Pie supposes that my
object in addressing the Senate on this Indian sub-
ject was to connect it with theNebraskaand Kan-
sas bill. I have not thought of that bill except that
I alluded to the manner in which it was passed yes-
terday evening, when the Senate refused, rather
- discourteously, as i thought, to adjourn to enable
a Senator to speak; but i now take back what I
then said, for the Senate did afterwards adjourn.
1 alluded then to the manner in which the passage
of the Nebraska bill was cflccted, but I have not
thought of it in the speeches winch 1 have made
upon our Indian relations. 1 have sought to let it
go by and rest m peace. ! have not been anxious
to renew the controversy in icgard to it. if it
is for good, I hope good will result, from it; if
for evil, I hope the least possible evil will be the
result. 1 have nothing to do with that now, and
I shall not allude to it further.
The Senator from Iowa says that 1 have at-
tacked the Indian agents and the officers of the
Army. I have not reflected upon a single agent
of this Government. If I think honestly that a
measure recommended by the Administration is
impolitic, unwise, and unproductive of good to the
country, I have the undoubted right to oppose it
in argument, and to vote a.taimtf'it. That is a
privilege which pertains to me as a Senator from
one of the States of this Union. I have a right
to exercise that privilege. It arrogates nothing to
myself, and, therefore, I shall exercise it. it ih
not, however, to be supposed, because I vote
against this measure, that I am opposed to the
Administration, or find fault with its every act.
If the gentleman had reflected, he would have
come to the conclusion that the Administration
has done so many good acts that 1 cannot partic-
ularize them; and because I do not concur in this
measure, it is not condemnatory of the general
course of the Administration. All i have to do,
at present, is with this measure.
The Senator from Iowa misapprehended me in
another respect; and that was, in supposing that |
I was opposed to raising even five hundred men. j
I say, raise that number; raise men enough to go |
as convoys or guards to the emigrating pr.rties; j
and, besides that, send out commissioners who are i
wise and discreet men—such as were taken to ex- i
£Iore the promised land of Can«?m m olderi times, j
,et them go and bring reports of the feelings of !
the Indians, and see whether <;ood fruits wiii not |
result. Let them go thei e, and make treaties with j
the Indians. Let them take two hundred, or three !
hundred, or five hundred men with them. If I j
were going, I should not take more than three !
hundred. Indeed, I believe one hundred would be '
sufficientto meet the Camanches; for I think some |
sixteen or eighteen soldiers scared them so much !
that they wouid not encamp within seventy miles |
of them. [Laughter.] One hundred Americans, j
with Sharp's rifles, would subdue the whole of j
them, if they could get the Indians to come to }
them. There is the difficulty. You know there ,
is an old adyge aboutcatchmg birdd. Nurses tell j
children to put a little salt upon their tails, and you i
have them. [Laughter.] You cannot catch these
fellows in that way. Youcannotgetnear enough
to them; and there is the difficulty.
But, sir, in order to sustain what I said in rela-
tion to officers of the Army, I wish to read an |
extract from the last official report of the Com- s
mitisioner of Indian Afiaus and. the Secretary of j
the Interior: |
" As heif tofore reported to you, an association of per- j
sons has undertaken to appropriate to their own use a por- ;
tioii ot the land ceded by ih-i Delawares, fronting on the ;
Mi^oimnver, and homtiot Fort Leavenwoith •, have laid ]
out a city thmeon, and actually had a public sale of ibe lots j
of ihe.-ame on the 9th and 10'h of October last. The«e j
unlawful pioceeding-j have not only taken place under the ,
eyes ot the military ofheors stationed at the fort, hut two of ]
tlu'ia ;ire «-aul to be members ot' the association, and have |
be 'ii aeuve agent;* in tins discredit 'hie business. Encour- >
a;jed by these proceedings, and prompted by those engaged j
in them, other per.-on^ have cmiu on other portions* of the !
trad ceded i>y the Delawa^es xn trust to the United States,
ind pretend to have made, and ate now making, such
' claims.' as tiicy a>scrt will vc-t m them the lawful light to
enter the land ar the minimum price under the preemption
Jaw of July ;&J, 1654."
There is the authority from which I drew my
conclusions in relation to the conduct of those :
officers. I have not branded them with any op- 1
probnous terms. If they are innocent, what I j
said cannot injure them; if they are guilty, there \
is no condemnation too deep for them. j
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. 1 hepe the Senator from !
Texas will name the persons who have been guilty j
of the conduct to which he has alluded. j
Mr. HOUSTON". I have given the quotation ,
from the official documents. j
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The point I make is, |
that the Senator has introduced that matter which '
has no sort of connection with the subject befqre 1
us, with the design of defeating and embarrassing ;
a great Administration measure. Army officers, ,
like other persons, are liable to do wrong and to j
act impropeily. They may have done so m the '
Cii.se tu which he has alluded, and if so, the char- !
acter of the Secretary of War is a sufficientguar- ■
antes that they will be arraigned and tried. In
regard to that transaction L have before me a mem- |
orandum which has been handed to mc by Colonel
Roberts, one of the officers stationed at Foit Leav-
enworth. It is m the following terms:
"Fur sixty years the President has hnd the power to
make mihtaiy reservations on Indian lands. Cinder thn
, power ihe reservation of Leavenwoith was made, before
j the lands of the Shawnees and Delawares were surveyed,
i When their lands weie laid olf, they caine up to the mdi-
j tary iCMUvaiiun' at Fort Leavenwoith; the y did not and
1 eould not cmhtaee thai! Since their laiuU weie «urvej e-i
, the nnhtaiv reservation has been reduced, and the lands
I between the ncv militia i/ line wind the Indian lines became
| publf land ot the United State.-. They were ucvrr laud
1 "i ihe Indians. The deeiMonsof the Supreme Court of the
1 Hinted Mates have repeatedly been given to tins point.
I TIh-m- laiiili, the moment they became uetl.'s^ for military
1 pmposrs, wen; in ttiesinialnm of all other public lands,
liable to the preemption law* of Con-neas. iVJiiitary ofli-
cer-'. as o'her citizens, li.nl a cleai i mht to occupy them, to
; locate them, and t" uso tbem as other citizens ot the United
: States. Where, then, i  the criminality of the&e nnhiaiy
oUicersr"'
I Touching these Delaware lands, I have to say
i that i hope the treaty will be executed in good
i faith, judiciously, and properly. I aslc, however,
J what has the conduct of one or two individuals,
i quartermasters or others, who may be speculating
| persons, to do with a great measure connected .
j with the peace of the frontier and the defense of '
! our emigrant routes, from the Missouri river to
, the Pacific ocean? What I complained of was the ;
; introduction of such matters into the discussion
! of the measure before the Senate,
i Mr. UOUSIOlV. I wiil tell the Senator the
I reasons why 1 referred to that transaction. In the
| first place, it was to demonstrate the fact that
! aggressions are committed upon the Indians; and
is not this calculated to dtseolve the bands of
peace, and bring on war? In the next place, this
country is under the control of the military; and
why have they not restrained those people from
such an outrage ?
Mr. PSTTIT. Mr.President, Iliad proposed,
after the discussion of this subject had taken so
wide a range, to discuss the question at some
length myself, and had made some notes for that
purpose, taking a view entirely different from any
! which has been presented; but I am now prepared
j to say that I will forego that intention with pleas-
i ure to myself, if the Senate are ready to take the
! vote.
| Several Senators. We are ready for the vote,
i Mr. CASS. I had intended to make some re-
marks on this subject, and I can hardly do justice
to my own vote without making some explana-
tion of the reasons which govern it. I have not
courage, however, to detain the Senate this even-
ing, and if they desire to take a vote now I shall
forego any remarks which I might wish to make.
Mr. PETTIT. If the Senator from Michigan
desires to address the Senate to-morrow, I will
move an adjournment.
Mr. CASS. I have no desire of my own strong
enough to postpone any action the Senate wish to
takefbut gentlemen wiil perceive that many ques-
tions have arisen, m connection with this subject,
which are deeply interesting, perhaps the most
interesting that can be presented to the American
people, historically and politically. I do not think
the day has been lost.
Mr.'BUTLER. If the Senator will give way,
I will move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator from South
Carolina will withdraw his motion to adjourn,
I will move that the amendments be printed.
Mr. BUTLER. I withdraw the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. BROWN. I think the amendments should
be printed, before we are called upon to vote on
them. The amendment proposed by the Senator
from Virginia covers three or four pages of fools-
cap, closely wiitten. After examining it, I must
say, there are some things in it which I do not
understand. In looking over the manuscript I
perceive a palpable contradiction in some of the
provisions m that amendment, and I think it
ought to be printed, I move, therefore, that all
the amendments before us be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
RECONSIDERATION OF A VOTE.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to allow me now to submit a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the resolution
which I yesterday presented for the publication
of the report of Commander Ringgold was adopted.
I ask that the motion lie on the table for the
present.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection ,
the motion to reconsider will be entered on the
Journal. The Chair hears no objection.
JAPAN EXPEDITION.
Mr. STUART. I am informed that there if* a
communication on the table from the President of
the United States, which has some connection
with the report of Commodore Perry. I asu that
it be presented, and ordered to be printed.
There being no objection, the President pro
tempore laid before the Senate a message from the
President of the United States, communicating,,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
the 6th of December last, a report from the Secre-
tary of theNavy, with accompanying documents,
m relation to the naval expedition to Japan, and
the proceedings and negotiations resulting m a
treaty with the Government of that Empire.
Mr. MASON. I move that the message and
accompanying papers be referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations. The committee will
hereafter report, in due time, in favor of printing
them, if it be necessary. I wish to give the com-
mittee an opportunity of examining the papers.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. In moving an adjournment, I
distinctly wish to be understood, that I do not
make the motion for the purpose of having the
floor to-morrow. But for the intimations which
have been given by other Senators of a desire to
address the Senate, I should not make the motion.
I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 1, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayef
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, sub-
mitting the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury of the funds held in trust for the Chick-
asaw Indians. Referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
