1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
Also, a communication from the Post Office
Department, transmitting, in compliance with a
resolution of the House of Representatives of
the 2d January, 1855, a copy of the condition
contracts made by Postmaster General Hubbard
with Messrs. Ramsey and Carmick, on the 3d of
March, 1853, forthe extension of two of the trips
on the New Orleans and Vera Cruz line, from
Yera Cruz, Mexico, via Acapulco, to San Fran-
qisco, in California. Also, copies of all the corre-
spondence relative to the same, and to the change of
schedule proposed on the line from New Orleans
to Vera Cruz.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire here, Mr. Speaker, to
raise a question, which I think may be regarded
in the light of a privileged one.
During the last session of this Congress, the
Committee of Ways and Means, by its chairman,
[Mr. Houston,] reported a bill for the purpose of
regulating the tariff. The bill was reported under
a suspension of the rules of the House. That
suspension was made upon my motion, for the
purpose of enabling the chairman of the commit-
tee, of which I was a member, to report the bill.
I see that it is entered upon the Journal, and it
is also printed upon the face of the bill, that I re-
ported the bill. 1 speak of the majority bill.
I desire to do justice to the chairman of that
committee. He reported the bill, and not myself.
The motion I made was a motion to suspend the
rules to enable him to report. I think by some
confusion the Clerk entered mo as reporting the
bill. 1 desire to give the chairman of the commit-
tee [Mr. Houston] the entire credit of that bill,
and to restore to him its paternity,also. For the
purpose of making the matter appear right upon
the record, and to do justice to all parties, and
especially as members are constantly coming to
me from all parts of the House to inquire what
it means, I send to the Clerk's desk a resolution,
which I shall ask the House to adopt.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Ordered, That it be ontcied upon the Journal, that the
bill of ihe (louse (No. 41M) <k teducing the duties on im-
ports, and fui other pui tepoUed, on the IDlh of
June last, from the Committee of Wuvs ami Moans, was
reported by iMr. Houston', and not by Mi, IUvk.v, us it ap-
pears upon the Journal of that date.
Mr. HAVEN. I move the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order. I think the resolution is not
in order, it being, in effect, an attempt to alter the
Journal of the House of last session.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 hope the gen-
tleman will not object to it. There can be no good
objection.
Mr. HAVEN. It does not alter the Journal of
the last session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remark
that the proposition is not to change the Journal of
last session at all. It is simply to explain upon
this Journal ail error which crept into the Journal
of lastsession. In that view of the ease, the Chair
overrules the question of order, and decides the
resolution in order.
The question was then taken; and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
CHANGE OP REFERENCE.
On motion by Mr. /AMES C. ALLEN , it was
Qidcrcd, That the Committee on Revolutionaiy Chums
be discharged from the further consideration of the petition
and papers of the heirs of Nathan Tayloi, and that the same
be referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Also, on motion by Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN,
it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claim-?
be discharged from the further consideration of the petition
and papers oi the heirs ot Thomas Roil, and that the report
be iazd on the table.
TERRITORIAL BILLS.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call forthe regular order
of business.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There were several bills
yesterday reported from the Committee of the
Wholeonthe state of the Union, in relation to
Territories.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Will the gentleman from
Illinois yield to me a moment?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist upon the regular
order of business.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I would accommodate
the gentleman, hut the gentleman from North Car-
olina insists upon the regular order of business.
I desire to take up that unfinished business, and
have it acted upon and disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the occupant of the chair [Mr. Jones, of Tennes-
see] at the time those bills which were reported
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union came up, intimated that, if a motion
was made to commit the bills to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, the effect
would be to bring up the measures reported from
the committee, as the first business in order this
morning, and that, in that understanding, the
motion was submitted, and then the House ad-
journed. The Chair, under the circumstances,
holds that to be the first business in order.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
The bill which first came up for consideration
was Senate bill (No. GO) to authorize theconstruc-
tion of a subterranean line of telegraph from the
Mississippi or Missouri river to the Pacific ocean.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 desire to inquire of
the Chair if a demand for the previous question
will exhaust itself upon the action of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question would
apply only to the proposition to strike out the
enacting clause.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to say in refer-
ence to the bill, in order that members of the
House may act understanding/ upon the subject,
that if the report of the committee is rejected, that
is, if they refuse to strike out the enacting clause,
I shall oiler the amendment which I gave notice
of yesterday, which was to strike out all except
the right of way, two hundred feet wide. I
demand the previous question.
The previuua question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be now put.
The main question being upon concurring with
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union m sinking out the enacting clause,
Mr, LETCIIER said: I call forthe yean and
nnyn upon the question, and hope it will be made
a te«t question.
Mr. .JONES, of Tennessee. Will it he in order
to have the substitute which the gentleman pro-
poses to oiler read, in order that the House may
know what they will be called to vote upon, if the
report of the committee is disagreed to ?
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by
unanimous consent.
No objection being made, the substitute was
read.
The yeas and nays, demanded by Mr. Li:tciier,
were not ordered.
Mr. I^ARLEY, I call for tellers upon the
pending question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cungman
and WiiKKLr.rt were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes forty-six, noes not counted.
So the recommendation of the committee was
not agreed to.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I now move the follow-
ing substitute foi the bill, and upon its adoption
I call for the previous question:
lie it mactrd by the Senate and House of lliyrcsentaUrcs
of lltt United States oj Jlmcricu in a^cmb'cd,
That Hiram O. Alden and James Eddy,their succetJsois,
associate.", and assigns, are hereby authorized and empow-
eied to construct, atthpit own expense, a line of telegraph
Ironi such point on the Mississippi or Missouri river as they
may hereaftei select, tlnough the public lauds belonging to
the 1'niied States, over which lands the right of way, two
hundred feet m width, for that putpo^e is hereby planted,
to San Francisco, in California, in as direct almeas prac-
ticable.
5Seo. 2. Jiwl he it further cnacfcd, That all voluntary or
intentional injuries to s-aid line of t< lograph, or to any prop-
erty thereto belonging, shall be deemed, and are hereby de-
clared, to be willful and malicious trespasses, and shall be
punished as such; and all laws of the United States now
m force in any Territory thereof, or winch may hereafter
be enacted for the better security and protection of prop
erty, and applicable to such otl'en^es, bhall be, and ihey
hereby are, extended, for the protection of said line of tele-
giaph, into and over all the territoiy belonging to, and un-
der the jurisdiction of, the United States, through which the
same may be constructed ; and all legal process and pro-
ceeding*, forthe detection and punishment of the aforesaid
offenses, shall be within (he jurisdiction of the courts, and
shall be issued and executed by the proper law officers m
the States or organized Tenitories.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have an amend-
ment to suggest, which I ho^e the gentleman from
Illinois will accept as a modification of his substi-
tute. As I understand the terms of the substitute,
in the grant of the right of way through the public
lands, it creates these men a corporation in perpe-
tuity, without restriction or limitation. I believe
that this Government has no such power, and so
believing, cannot vote for the gentleman's substi-
tute as it now stands.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Any reasonable propo-
sition which gentlemen may make to perfect the
bill wiil he accepted.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Well, then, if the gentleman
will consent to strike out the word " successors,"
I shall be willing to give his substitute my vote.
| My impression is, that the word successors, does
make these gentlemen a corporation in perpetuity.
No power is reserved to Congress to alter or
amend the act of incorporation.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I accept the gentleman *s
amendments; and the word successors is stricken
out. I now call for the previous question on the
substitute.
Mr. IJENTON. The bill seemsto be now con-
sidered an innocent affair
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state for the
information of the gentleman and the House, that
the previous question has been demanded on the
substitute.
Mr. BENTON. But the member from Mis-
souri was recognized, and commenced addressing
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has misun-
derstood the Chair. The Chair states that the
previous ciuestion has been demanded, and that it
cuts oirall debate.
Mr. BJ2NTON. And covers up what is to be
done. [Looking at the members all around the
Hall.] Well, Mr. Speaker, I can look as though
I were opposed to the bill at any rate. [Great
laughter.]
Mr. HAVEN. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois to withdraw his call for the previous question
until I can move the insertion of one sentence, by
way of amendment.
Mr. RICHARDSON I withdraw the call for
the previous question for that purpose provided
the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. HAVEN. Very well. I simply desire
that the jurisdiction which is conferred over this
property to the United States courts, shall be con-
fined to the Territories; that it shall not extend to
the States.
Mr. RICHARDSON. In the States the laws
of the United States only apply to the public land3
within their limits.
Mr. IIAVEN. The bill now reads as follows;
and I would call the gentleman's attention to it:
u Sro. 2. Jiiid he it further en(ictcd} That all voluntary or
Titentional injuries to &aid line of telegraph, or to any pio«>-
erty thereto belonging, shall be. deemed, and are hereby
declared, to be willful and malicious trespasses, and shall
be punished as such," &c.
Now, aftertheword <c belonging," I suggestthe
words " within the Territories of the ^United
Slates" be inserted.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 think the bill does
now what the gentleman seeks to accomplish. I
do not want to extend the United States laws over
a State, except so far as the public lands are con-
cerned.
Mr. HAVEN. I have made the suggestion,
and think that it is essential to the bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I accept the gentleman's
amendment as a modification of the substitute.
Mr. HAVEN. And, as I promised, I now call
for the previous question.
The call for the previous question received a
second; and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
The question was taken on the substitute; and
it was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was read a third time.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I c^ll for the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The call for the previous question received a
second; and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
Mr. BENTON. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
