504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
The question was then taken; and the bill was
passed—yeas 110, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Appleton,
David J. Bailey, Ball, Banks, Belcher, Bennett, Benson,
Bliss, Boyee, Breckinridge, Bristovv, liugg, Campbell, Car-
penter, CaruUiers, Chandler, Chase, Chri.-man, Clinfjinnn,
Cook. Corwm, Crocker, Callom, Curtis, Thomas Davis, De
Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Disney, Dunbar, Eastman, Edger-
ton, Thomas D.Eliot, English, Ethendge, Evertiart, Farley,
Flagler, Franklin, Fuller, Giddmgs, Goodrich, Goodwin,
Greenwood, Grey, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan,
Haven, Henn, Hiester, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, John-
son, Itoland Jones, Knox, Lintlley, McDougall, Mace,
Matteson, Maxwell, Mayall, Meacham, Muldleswarth, Mor-
gan, Norton, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Pennington,
Phillips, Pratt, Preston, Pringle, ruryear, Bichardson,
David Ritchie, Robbins,Rowe, Russell, Sabm, Sapp, Sew-
ard, Seymour, Simmons, Skelton, Samuel A. Smith,
George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard II. Stan-
ton, Hestor L. Stevens, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Tay-
lor, Teller,Thurston, Tracy, Dpliam, Wade, Walley, War-
ren, Eliiliu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, WelU, Tap-
pan Wentworth, WeMbrook, Yates, and Zollicoffer—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashe, Thomas H. Bayly, Barkadale,
Benion, Bridges, Brooks, Caskie, Chaslain, Clark, Cobb,
Cox, Craige, John G. Davis, Dawson, Drum, Edmundson,
Ellison, Fentou, Florence, Gamble, Coodc, Hamilton,
Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Unsung, Hen-
dricks, Hibbard, Hiliyer, Houston, Daniel T.Jones, George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kerr, Kiltredge, Kuitz, Lamb,
Lane, Letcher, Lewis, Lmdsley', MuCuliocli, McMullin,
McQueen, Slay, Smith Miller, Millson, Murray, Nichols.
Noble, Andrew Oliver, Packer, Bishop Perkins. Phelps,'
Powell, lteady, Thomas Kitchcy, Rullin, Shannon, Shaiv,
Shower. Singleton, William It. Smith, Slranb, Andrew
Stuarl, Troui, Vansant, John Wentworth, Wheeler, Witte,
and Hendrick B. Wright—70.
So the bill was
Previous to the announcement of the above
vote,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, said: Mr. Speaker,
I was not within the fear when my name was
called, but had i been, I should have voted ap-amst
this bill.
Mr. BOCOCK. I was not within thdbar when
my name was called. If 1 had been, like my
colleague, I should have voted against the bill,
thus uniting the new and old line Democracy.
[Laughter.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill waa passed, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
^ Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 move to amend the
title by striking out the word "subterranean;"
eo that it will read: (t An act authorizing the con-
struction of a telegraph from some point on the
Mississippi or Missouri river to the Pacific ocean."
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
LEGISLATURE OF UTAH.
TheSPEAKER. TheCommitteeof the Whole
on the state of the Union have reported a joint
resolution of the following title, without amend-
ment:
A joint resolution authorizing the Legislative
Assembly of Utah to continue their session for a
term not exceeding sixty days, instead of forty
days, as heretofore provided.
Mr. RICHARDSON. This resolution only
puts the Legislature of Utah in the condition of
the Legislatures of the other Territories. There
can be no objection to it. 1 call for the previous
question.
The call for the previous question received a
second; and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
Was read a third time, and passed.
PORT SNEU.INfi MILITARY RESERVATION.
_ The SPEAKER. The question next in order
JS upon the amendment of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to House bill
(No. 688) to amend the act approved 2GUi Aunist
1859, entitled "An act to reduce and define the
boundaries of the military reserve at St. Peter's
river, in theTerritory of Minnesota, and for other
purposes." The amendment is as follows:
Insert, after ihe word " em'trmstancr^,-' the words
"proof and payment so as to make the clause read :
And where any of said lands come within ihe provisions
of the act of May 33, 1844, lor the relief of the cilizens of
towns upon Hie lands ol the United Stales, under certain
circumstances, proof and pajment fchall also be made
Wilhui three months after ihe passage of this act; and in
either case, if the entries are not made within that tune, the
claim shall lie forfeited.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. EASTMAN. Mr. Speaker, yesterday 1
objected to this bill; but since then I have had an
opportunity of investigating it, and of conversing
with some gentlemen from Minnesota who are
better acquainted with the subject than I am; and
I am now fully satisfied that it ought to pass. 1
hope it wtii pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was read a
third time, and passed.
Mr. WASIJBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and that that motion be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
i report that they
SURVEYOR GENERAL OF UTAH.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union have reported back
House bill (No, G89J to establish the office of
surveyor general of Utah, and to grant land to
actual settlers therein, with the recommendation
that the enacting clause bo strickcn out.
Mr. JONES, of! 'ennessee. I hope the House
will non-concur with the Committee of the W hole
on the state of the Union, and thus mete out the
same justice in regard to the survey of the public
lands that we have extended to the other Terri-
tories. 1 call for the previous question.
The question was put on seconding the call for
the previous question; and, on a division, there
were—ayes 73, noes 42.
Mr. McMULLIN. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Johnson and
Hibbard were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes eighty-six; a further count not being
demanded.
So the previous question received a second; and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
The question then recurred upon concurring
with the report of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of Union.
Mr. BENSON. Is it in order to move to
amend ?
The SPRAKRR, It is not, the main question
having been ordered.
Mr. LETCHKR. I demand tellers upon strik-
ing out the enacting clause of the bill.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hibbard,
and Warhihjrn of Maine were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers, owino-
to the confusion, were unable to repoit. °
1 he SPEAKER. The tellers report
cannot count. [Laughter.]
Mr. LAiYJfL I demand die yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ICEITT. 1 destretoask the Chair whether
the design of this bill m not to put the inhabitants
of Utah on the 3ame footing as the inhabitants of
the other Territories?
Mr. i>ERNHlSKL. Yes, yes.
Mr. SliWAKO. No, sii; it is not.
Mr. PkCKl-lAM. Is itdesigned to encourage
polygamy? °
[Cries of "No!" ^No!" and (tOrder!,:]
i he SPEAKER. The main question lias been
ordered to be put, and no debate is in order.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Would it be in order for
me to make an inquiry of the gentleman who
reported this bill, betore the vote is taken ?
The SPEAECER. It is not m otder except by
unanimous consent.
AIi. I HILLIPS. I desire to ask the chairman
of the committee  
[Cries of " Order !" " Order!"]
I he kjPLAKER. The Chair stated that it was
n°Lln oraer exceP^ by unanimous consent.
£?.r* J*®' * ^id not hear any objection.
The SPLAKLR. Is there objection?
Mr. WHELLLR. sir; { object.
M r. McMCJLLlN. Is it in order now to move '
to lay the bill upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. McMULLlN. Then I submit that mo-
tion.
The question was taken on Mr. McMbllin's
motion; and it was disagreed to.
table "le ^0USe re^usec' t0 lay the bill upon the
The question recurred on concurring; in the
report ot the Committeeof the Whole on the state
of the Union, to strike out the enacting clause of
the bill; and being taken, it was decided in the i
aft rmative—yeas 109, nays 74; as follows: !
Bayly, Hall. Banks, Barksdale, Belcher, Benson, Bh«s,
Boeoek. Bruises, Bnstow, Brooks, Campbell, Carpenter,
Caruthrrs, Chamberlain, Chase, Cha>tain, Chri-tnan,
Cla -k, Cobb, Corwm, Crocker, Thomas 0 ivi«, D Wj t,
Dick, Dickinson, Hddy, Thomas D. l-.liof, John M F/liott,
Ellison, J-'arlpy, Faulkner. Flagler, Florence. Fnihklin,
Gamble, Giddms^, Goode, Goodrich, Goodwill, Aaron Har-
lan. Sampson W. Harris, Hibbard, IJ</W«, Ilncbe^, J.
Glancy Jones, Kerr, Kitti eds?e, Knox, Letcher, Lmdley,
Lmdsley, McCulloch, MeMullm, Matteson, Mav, M.-tyall,
Meacham, Middleawarth, Millson, Morgan, Noble, Nor-
ton, Olds. Andrew Oliver, Moidecai Oliver, Orr, Peek-
ham, Pennington, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Pringle,
Puryear, Ready, Reese, David Ritchie, Thomas Ilnchey,
llowe, Itus^ell, Sabin, Sapp, Sewa d, Shaw, Shower, Sim-
mons, ykelton, Fiederick P. Stanton, Andrew Stuart,
John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel ft. Tavlor,
j Thurston, Tiacy, Upbatn, Wade, Walker, Wallfv, War-
i ten, Elhlm B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Tappan
1 Wentworth, John Wentworth, Wheeler, Wme, and Yates
' —IL9.
NAVS—Mo«srf. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, A«he,
Bennett, Benton, Bojee, Bieckmndge, Bung, Ca^kie,
('lineman, Cook, Curtis, John G Davis^ Dawson, Disney,
Dunbai, Dunham, Eastman, Edgeiton, Edmundson, Eng-
lish, Fuller, Green, Gieenwood, Grey, Hamilton, Andrew
J. Harlan, Wiley P. flams, Hastings', Haven, Hendricks,
Henn, Hiester, HUlycr, Hunt, Ingersoll, Daniel T. Jones,
George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kent, Kurt?:, Lamb,
Lane, Lewis, Lilly, Maedonald, McDouiall, >IeQ.ueen,
Mace, Maxwell, Smith Miller, Morrison, Murray, Nichols,
Packer, Parker, Peek, John Perkins, Preston,-'Tint,bin?,
Iiuflin, Seymour, Shannon, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Ilichard II.
Stanton, Heftor L. Stevens, Teller, Trout, Weils, West-
brook, and Hendrick J3. Wright—74.
So the report of the Committee of the "Whole
on the state of the Union waa concurred in.
Mr. HOUSTON obtained the floor.
i Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a privileged question.
| I move to reconsider the vote which has just now
; been taken. My object in submitting the motion
j is for the purpose of having provision made for
j the survey of the lands in the Territory of Utah,
j The question which has just been presented to the
i House was upon striking out the enacting clause
of the bill. 1 know that there are members here
who object to some of the provisions of the bill—
those provisions for grants of land to actual set-
tlers in the Territory of Utah. I voted in the
affirmative for the purpose of moving to recon-
sider. Ifthereconsiderationshould prevail, I d;sire
to have the bill so amended that it will provide for
establishing the office of surveyor general and for
the prosecution of surveys m the Territory of
Utah, without making donations of land, although
I am quite willing myself to donate lands there to
actual settlers.
Mr. HAMILTON. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment ?
Mr. PHELPS. I will hear the gentleman.
Mr. HAMILTON. The first, fiith, and sixth
sections of the bill I think would be acceptable to
the House. The first section provides for the es-
tablishment of the surveyor general's office. The
fifth and sixth sections provide for the school
donations, common to the other Territories of the
Union. If these sections only are retained, all
the objectionable features of the bill will disappear,
am. I think that it will then be satisfactory to a
majority of the House.
l i V gentleman from Mary-
land has anticipated some of the reasons which I
intended to present to the House. We all know
very well that the people inhabiting the Territory
or Utah are not looked upon with much favor by
the people outside of that Territory. Recently
nowever, the Executive has seen fit to appoint
another Governor in place of the Governor who
entertains the same religious sentiments as the
people of the Territory.
The people of Utah have a right to complain
if you do not make provision for the survey of
: their lands. If you will not give them their land,
, give them at least the privilege of paying the U111-
' l i uteS lt' so thateac!i man may know what
land he owns and that they may be able to re -
ulate their rights_ as to real estate. At present
i there is no land m the Territory of Utah which
can be owned by individuals. The title of all of
it is m the Government of the United States. But
it you .ail now to establish the office of surveyor
prieiai, and to provide for the survey of the land,
d^ne^ ee ^ears elapse before it can be
it has been customary, in the establishment
or all territorial governments, to provide that a
certain quantity of land shall be given to the Ter-
ntory for school purposes Formerly you gave
YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, David J. !i
