mm.
THE CONGRESSKMSAL GLOBE,
505
made provision by law that the sixteenth and
thirty-sixth sections in each township shall be
applied for school purposes. Now, 1 desire to
see that grant made to the Territory of Utah.
Mr. BENSON, i wish to ask the gentleman
a single question before he takes his seat. 1 de-
sire to know whether the friends of the bill approve
of the course which he now proposes? It was
announced yesterday by some gentleman, when
this subject was under discussion, that the Dele-
gate from Utah would rather that the whole bill
should be lost than that any of its provisions should
be stricken out. Now, 1 would ask the gentle-
man from Missouri whether the Delegate from
Utah has changed his opinion, and is willing to
take the bill if amended as he proposes? 1 am op-
posed to-the bill unless amended by striking out
that part which may, in any way, favor that
feature of Mormonism, which recognizes polyg-
amy. Will the Delegate favor the bill if so
amended ?
Mr. PHELPS. 1 have had no conference with
the Delegate from Utah respecting this bill. I act
upon it on my own responsibility, atnl I say now
that, if the motion to reconsider shall prevail, and
the House will vote down the recommendation of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to strike out the enacting clause, I will,
myself, if no other gentleman does it, move to
amend the bill in themanner which I h«Ve indicated.
Mr. BERNHiSEL, (Mr. Phelps yielding the
floor.) I hope that the motion of the gentleman
from Missouri will not prevail. [ would rather
that the whole bill should be lost, than that it
should be modified as he proposes. We only
to be placed upon an equal footing with the other
Territories.
Mr. DISNEY, (Mr. Phelps still yielding the
floor.) 1 desire to say a few wonlw in relation to
this matter. I announced to the House yesterday
that I had yielded my own purposes out of court-
esy to the gentleman from Utah. I have yielded
up to this point, but there are public considera-
tions in relation to the pending bill—considerations
which have been advened to by the gentleman
from Missouri, and which are paramount to the
considerations which influence the Delegate from
Utah. The General Government, and the people
of this Union, have an interest in extending its
land system ovei the Territory of Utah, as well
as over every other Tertirory of this Union, and
however much inclined I may have been, as 1
have been, to yield aubfndiary questions to the
■wishes anddesnesof tlio Delegate from Utah, yet,
when great, public considerations come up, I am
called upon, as i believe, impeiativeiy, as chair-
man of the committee to which is peculiarly
committed the consideration of questions in re-
lation to the public domain of the country, to
enforce upon the attention ol the Mouse wuch ac-
tion as, in my judgment, is proper, in order to
promote the general interests of the counUy.
Gentlemen must understand that the Teiritory
of Utah is not populated by the Mormons only.
There are many lesidents and settlers m that Ter-
ritory who are not believers in, or followers ol,
that faith. These people have some rights which
should he protected: and all we ask is, that the
Government shall extend its land system over the
Territory. If the motion submitted by the gen-
tleman from Missouri shall prevail, I shall move
to strike out all those sections of the bill relating
to donations, arid leave it simply a bill to provide
for the establish ment of the office of surveyor gen-
eral and correlative matters.
Mr..PHELPS, (resuming.) I have but one
word further to say. If my motion shall prevail,
and the House shall non-concur in the recom-
mendation of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, I will, if I can obtain the floor,
move to strike out the second, third, fourth, sev-
enth, and ninth sections of the bill
Mr. HAVEN". I desire to say a word about
this matter. I voted to non-concur in the recom-
mendation of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with a view of having the bill
amended in such a way that the House could
express its sentiments upon one or two questions
that are either directly or indirectly included in
the bill.
I believe, with the gentleman who has charge
of the bill in the Committee on Public Lands,
[Mr. Disney,] that this is a great public question,
so far as the lands are concerned. It is a ques-
tion which concerns the people of the United ,|
States as well as the people of the Territory of
Utah; and the policy of the Government of the :■
United States ought to be earned out there in re-
gard to the survey and putting in market of these ■>
lands, as well as in any other Territory of the ;
United Slates. ^ <
in addition to this, I take it that I am not mis- ]
taken when I suppose that this House refused to ;
acton the other features of the bill, because of1
some of the domestic institutions of the Territory \
of Utah. The subject of polygamy is, I think, a j
question which this House might as well meet now 1
as at any other time. I am ready to meet it now; ,
and if the House reconsider and amend this ;
bill, so that these lands can be surveyed, I, if no- i
body else will do it, propose to meet this question :
by the introduction of an additional section which !
will declare that all laws, or that any laws of the ,
Territory of Utah, which in any wise recognize j
the right of one man to have more than one wife |
at a time, are disapproved, and null and void. We j
may as well meet this question early as late, I ;
submit that it is not becoming in the American
Congress to be dodging back and forth in this way.
1 hope, therefore, that the vote will be reconsid-
ered, ami that the House will takeup thequestion
so as to let us express our opinions upon the sub-
ject-matter.
| Mr. McMULLTN. I voted, Mr. Speaker, to
strike out the enacting clause of this bill 
Mr IIOUS TON, (interrupting.) I rise to a
question of order. A few minutes ago, I was
recogrnzed, as I understand it, and was proceed-
ing to address the Chair, when the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Phelps] took the floor from me
by saying that he rose to a privileged question. I
supposed then that the matter could be settled,
ns he stated, without debate; but if this question
is to be rained, it will occupy, probably, one or
two days. I desire, therefore, permission to bring
up the subject of which I gave notice some few
days ago.
The SPEAKER. True; the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Houston:] was recognized by the
Chair when the gentleman from Missouri rose to
a question of privilege 
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not concluded
its remark. The gentleman from Missouri had a
right to submit his proposition to reconsider; and
if, after that proposition had been submitted, the
gentleman from Alabama had insisted on his right
to the floor, it would have been recognized. The
gentleman, however, having tacitly waived that
right, the Chair cannot now decide that he is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 surrendered the floor only
! on the a^suram'e that I should get it again,
j Mr. RIOII ARDSON. I rise to a privileged
| question There was referred to the Committee
; of the Whole on the state of the Union a resolu-
| tion to pay some secretary somewhere. The
i committee declined to act upon it. i want to
■ move to reconsider the vote by which the resolution
| was so i eferred, and to have that motion entered, so
that we can get the resolution back to the House,
and have it referred to the Committee on Private
Claims.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be entered
if the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
will signify the resolution he alludes to, and state
when the order was made.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It was a Senate bill in
reference to the Secretary of Minnesota, and was
refeired yesteidav morning.
The SPEAKER. Then the motion to recon-
sider will be entered.
Mr McMULLIN. I voted to strike out the
enacting clause of this Utah bill. I voted against
the previous question, with a view to afford my
colleague [Mr. Smith] an opportunity to offer
some amendments to that bill. It was not my
purpose then, nor is it my purpose now, to draw
anv invidious distinction between Territories be-
longing to this Union. But, sir, when the citi-
zens of the Territory of Utah have drawn an
invidious distinction—a distinction which ought
not to be tolerated in any portion of this commu-
nity, then the people of that Territory must par-
don me, through their representative, ifl by my
vote oppose the principle contained in this bill,
ifl am notnnstaken,sir,thepeopieof the adjacent
Territories pay for their lands. I am willing to
accord to the citizens of Uiah all the credit they
.are entitled to for their patriotism in going for-
ward to defend the liberties of the country; but.,1
am not willing to assist, by my vote, in setting
such an example as would be set by the passage
of this bill.
Sir, (in reply to a sotto voce remark of Mr.
Berniiisel,) the Delegate from Utah tells me that
-New Mexico has the law. But, sir, if they have,
they have a code of morals there such as is not ia
force in the Territory of-Utah. -Now, sir, has it
come to this, that the Delegate from Utah is to
come upon this floor and tell me that other Terri-
tories have the benefit of a law of the character of
this bill.? Sir, 1 tell that Delegate, withno unkind
feelings towards him, that, whenever the people
whom he represents on this floor, shall place
themselves on a social equality, by their morals
and otherwise, with the other Territories, then,
and not till then, shall they have my support and
vote.
I have been appealed to by gentlemen from both
sides of the House to call the previous question.
[Loud cries of " Oh, no!wj
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not like to doit. I
do not like to gag gentlemen, particularly after 1
have said a few words myself. But I desire to
say this to the friends of the bill: if they wish a
reconsideration of the question, and will afford
gentlemen an opportunity to submit a .proposition
For the purpose of directly testing the sense of the
House on the question alluded to and brought for-
ward by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
IJavbn,] then, sir, I am willing to go for it. I
am willing to meet this question now, or at any
other time, and I would prefer to do it now. If
gentlemen around me desire to discuss the ques-
tion, I will yield the floor for that purpose.
Mr. WARREN. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ORR. I move to lay the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. And on that I call
for the yeas and nays, so as to open the question
rightly.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for tellers on the
motion to lay the motion to reconsider -on the
table.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dawson and
Taylor were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 70, noes 76.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The previous question was then seconded; and
the main question ordered to be now put.
Mr. HAVEN. Will the previous question he
exhausted upon the vote of reconsideration ?
The SPEAKER. It will be exhauated.
The question was then taken upon reconsidering
the vote by which the House agreed to strike out
the enacting clause of the bill; and, upon division,
there were—ayes eighty-nine, noes not counted.
So the motion was reconsidered.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Speaker:
An act for the relief of Thomas Marston Tay-
lor; and
An act to incorporate St Joseph's Male Orphan
Asylum in the District of Columbia.
survf,yor-genjsral of utah again.
Mr*. ORR. I would ask if the previous ques-
tion has not been exhausted, and if the question
does not now recur upon agreeing to the report of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, recommending that the enacting clause of
the bill be stricken out?
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been exhausted upon the motion to reconsider.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand the previo.us ques-
tion upon agreeing to the recommendation of the
committee.
The previous question was seconded;and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. DISNEY demanded tellers; which wer#
