508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February lj
ordered; and Messrs. Walker and Chandler
were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes forty-seven, noes not counted.
So the House refused to agree to the recommend-
ation of the committee to strike out the enacting
clause of the bill.
Mr. DISNEY. I move to amend the bill by
striking out all after the enacting clause, and in-
serting the first, fifth, sixth,and eighth sections of
the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. Before the motion is put, I
desire to amend that part of the bill which the
gentleman from Ohio proposes to strike out.
The SPEAKER. The demand for the previous
question must be first disposed of before the mo-
tion is in order.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it not in order to amend
that part of the bill proposed to be stricken out?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would be in
order but for the intervention of the previous
question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the demand for
the previous question is voted down, will the mo-
tion then be in order?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order.
The Clerk then read the matter proposed to be
inserted by Mr. Disney, as follows:
That the President, by and with the advice and consent
of ihe Senate, «hall bo, and be is hereby, authorized to
appoint u surveyor general lor Utah, who-e annua! salary
shall be three thousand dollars, and whose power, author-
ity, and dunes, .'-hall be tiie same as those provided by law
for tlx; s.urve\or general ol Oregon, prior to the act ot July
17,1854 ; and he bhall locate his office, from tune to time,
at sueh places as may be directed by the President of the
United Slates.
Sec '2. And be it further enacted That when the lands
in said Trtritory fahall be surveyed, under the direction of
the Government of the United States, preparatory to bring-
ing the same into matket, sections numbered sixteen and
thirty si.\ in '-ach township in said Territory shall be, and
the "-aim; ar<' hereby, reserved for the purpose of being ap-
plied lo schools in" said Territory, and in the States and
iN rritories hereafter !o be created out of the Mine.
Sfo. 3. And he xt further enarted, That when the lands
in said Territory shall be surveyed as aforesaid, a quantity
ot laud equal to two townships shall be, and the same is
hereby, reserved for the establishment of a univeimtyin
said Territory, and m the State hereafter to be created out
of the same, to be selected under the direction of the Legis-
lature. m legal subdivisions of not less than one huli\sec-
tion, and to be disposed of as said Legislature may direct.
Sao. 4. And be it further enacted, That I till power and
authority arc hereby given to the Secretary ot the Interior
to issfiuo all needful rules and regulations lor fully carrying
into effect the several provisions of this act.
Mr. HAVEN. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to withdraw his demand for the previous question
until 1 can introduce an amendment of the kind I
suggested before, covering the other point. 1 think
that will be satisfactory to the House, and I trust,
if the request is not complied with, the House will
votedown the demand for the previous question.
Mr. DISNEY. In reply to the gentleman from
New York, I will only say that I fully appreciate
hi« commendable zeal in desiring to place upon the
record his opinion as to Mormonism, but I do not
think this the time, nor do [ think this the place;
and in order to exclude all extraneous matters, 1
must adhere to my demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BRIDGES. I hope, before the question is
put, the gentleman from Ohio will change his prop-
osition so far aa to exclude one of the sections
which he has offered, which appropriates lands for
the support of common schools. 1 think thatpro-
vison should be excluded.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 cannot do it.
Mr. KERR. 1 ask for tellers upon the demand
for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hubbard
and Walker were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes ninety, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I would inquire
whether it is competent, under the rules, for the
gentleman from Ohio to accept of an amendment
to his amendment?
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by unani-
mous consent, as the House has ordered the main
question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
The yeas and oays were not ordered.
The question was then t&'ken; and the motion
was not agreed to.
The question recurring upon the adoption of
the amendment proposed by Mr. Disney,
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 127, nays 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Apple-
ton, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Banks, Barkslale, Barry,
Belcher, Bennett, Bliss, Breckinndqe, Brooks, Campbell,
Carpenter, Caskie, Chastain, Clark, Chngman, Cook,
Culiom, Gumming, John G. Davi?, Thomas Davis, Disney,
Drum, Dunbar, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton, John M. Elliott,
English, Etheridge, Parley, Faulkner, Florence, Full«r,
Gamble, Goodwin, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Hamilton,
Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Hastings, Hendricks,
Ilenn, Ilibbard, Iliester, Hill, IltlJyer, Houston, IJovve,
flushes, Hunt, Johnson, Daniel T Jones. J. GlancyJones,
Roland Jones, Kent, Kidwel!, Kittredge, Kurtz, Lamb,
Lane, Lewis, Lilly, Lmdley, Lindsley, Maedonald, Mc*
Nair, McQueen, Maxwell, Middleswarth, Smith Miller,
Millson, Morrison.Murray, Nichols, Noble, Norton, Olds,
Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Parker,
Peck, Phelps, Puryear, Ready, Richardson,ThomasRitch-
eyr Robbms, Rowe, Russell, Sabin, Seward, Seymour,
Shaw, Shower, Simmons, Singleton, Skelton, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, George W. Smyth, Richard H.
Stanton, Hector L. Steven^, Stranb, David Stuart, John
J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Thurston, Trout, Upham, Van-
pant, "Walbrtdge, Warren, Kllihu B. Washburne, Wells,
John Wentworth, Westbrook, Ilendnck B. Wright, Yates,
and ZolhcofFer—127.
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Benson, Bocock, Boyce, Bridges,
Bnstow, Chamberlain, Chandler, Ch lse, Chusman, Cobb,
Corwin, Cox,Crocker, Dawson, De Witt, Dick, Dickinson,
Edtitundnon, Thomas D. Eliot, Ellison, Flagler, Franklin,
Goode, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Haven, Ingersoll,
George W. Jones, Kerr, Knox, Letcher, McCulloch, Mc-
Mulltn. Mattefson, May, Mayall, Meauham, Morgan, Pen-
nington, Bishop Perkins, Powell, Pntt, Preston, Pnngle,
David Ritchie, Rutfni, Sapp, Shannon, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller, Tracy, Walker, Walley,
Tappan Wentworth, and Wheeler—-52.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GREENWOOD. What is the next ques-
tion?
The SPEAKER. It is upon ordering the bill,
as amended, to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. GREENWOOD. So I supposed.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a thiid time.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 move the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the bill, and demand
tellers upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
were refused.
Mr. McMULLIN". I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. McMULLTN. I would inquire of the
Chair if the motion to recommit is m order?
The SPEAKER. A motion ofthatkind would
not be in order, the mam question having been
ordered to be put.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I call for the yeas
and nays upon my motion to lay the bill upon
the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. McMul-
lin's motion; and it was decided in the negative
—yeas G4, nays 115; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Thomas I!. Bayly, Ball, Benson, Bo-
cock, Bridges, Buirc, Caskie, Chambeiiam, Chandler,
Cha<*e, Chri-man, Cobb, Corwin, Crocker, Culiom, Thomas
Davi*, De Witt, Diek, Dickinson, Edmundson, Thomas
D. Eliot, Ellison, Flagler, Franklin, Goode, Goodwin,
Aaron Harlan, Haven. George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Kerr, Knox, Letcher,Lewis,Lindlev, McCulloch, McMul-
hn, Mace, Maiteson, May, Majall, Medeham, Mtddles-
warth, Millson, Morgan, Moirison, Pennington, Powell,
Preston, Pmyear, David Ritchie, ltulfin, Sapp, Shannon,
William Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Andrew Stuart,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Traccy, Wade, Walker, Walley,
Wheeler, and Vales—64.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Appleton,
David J. Bailey, Banks, Barksdule, Barry, Belcher, Ben-
ton, Boyce, Bristow, Brooks, Campbell, Carpenter, Ca-
ruthers, Chastain, Clark, Clmgman, Cook, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Disney, Drum, Dunbar, Eastman, Eddy, Edger-
ton, John M. Elliot, Etheridge, Faulkner, Fenton, Florence,
Gamble, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Hamilton, Sampson W.
Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Hastings, Hendricks, Henn, Ilib-
bard, Iliester, Hill, Iliilyer, Houston, Howe, Hughes, Hunt,
Ingersoll, Roland Jones, Kent, Kidwell, Kntiedgc, Kurtz,
Lamb, Lane, Lilly, Lindsley, Maedonald, McNair, Mc-
Queen, Maxwell, Smith Miller, Murray, Nichols, Noble,
Norton, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Packer, Parket, Peck, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips,
Ready, Reese, Richardson,Thomas Ritchey,
Robbms, Rowe, Russell, Sabm, Seward, Seymour, Shaw,
Shower, Simmons, Singleton, Skelton, Samuel A. Smith,
George W. Smyth, Richard H. Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens,
Straub, John J. Tavior, John L. Taylor, Teller, Thurston,
Trout, Yansant, Elhhu B Washburn*?, Israel Washburn,
Welle, John Wentworth, Westbrook, Hendrick B. Wright,
and ZolJieoffer—115.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. DISNEY. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill'was passed, and that that mo-
tion be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move to
amend the title by striking out the words " and
to grant lands to actual settlers therein."
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I move further to amend
the title by adding to it the words " and to donate
land for school and university purposes."
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman, that instead of the word
" donate," he use the word " grant."
Mr. LETCHER. I accept the gentleman's
modification of my amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The title, as amended, was then agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, in-
forming the House that the Senate had passed a
resolution and bill of the following titles:
flA resolution authorizing the Secretary of War
to sell portions of the site of the arsenal at Fayette-
ville, North Carolina, and to purchase other lands
with the proceeds of such sale; and
An act changing the appropriation for the erec-
tion of a building in the city of Milwaukie for a
custom-house, post office, and the United States
court.
In which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. DEWITT, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled a bill of the
following title; which thereupon received the
Speaker's signature:
An act making appropriations for the construc-
tion of certain military roads in the Territories of
Nebraska and Washington.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. APPLETON. Mr. Speaker, some days
ago the honorable gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Houston] gave notice that he would move to take
up for consideration by the House, at this time,
the bill in relation to the tariff. My object in
rising is respectfully to appeal to him that, instead
of pressing his motion to-day, he postpone it to
some future day. And for this reason: There are,
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, two bills, one for the reduction of the tariff
to a revenue standard, and the other a substitute
for that bill. Both have been matured with great
care. The bill laid upon our desks this morning,
and which was introduced by the gentleman from
Alabama, has not been sufficiently long in the
possession of members to enable them to look i nto
it, and carefully and properly compare its pro-
visions with those of the bills to which I have
referred. I appeal to the gentleman to postpone
the making of his motion to some other day, so
that the desired examination and comparison may-
be had. The course I suggest may possibly lead
to a favorable result.
Mr. HOUSTON. In reply to the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts I will say, that, so
far as his proposition is concerned, I shall have no
objection to a postponement of this question for
a reasonable length of time. The vote which I
gave notice I would ask the House to give in refer-
ence to the bill proposing to reduce the tariff I had
hoped would be taken at an earlier period of the
"ay* The present is an unfavorable time for its
consideration. All will acknowledge the import-
ance of the question; and it is one, too, which
must be adjusted to suit at least a majority of the
interests concerned. If there is a prospcct of the
House coming to such an agreement as to pass a
bill which would meet the demands of all sides,
without great consumption of time, I should be
glad of it.
