THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
'YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, David J. Bailey, Thomas IJ.
Bayly, Ball, Bennett, Benson, Benton, Brjstow, Buzg,
Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Uhatnberlam, Otiandler,
Clm e« Clark, Ciin^mnn, Cook, Corwm, Cullom, Thomas
Daws, Eciinundson, Thomas D. Eliot, Etheririge, Everhart,
Parley, Femon, Florence, Franklin, Gidduigs, Goodrich,
Gaodwm, flu-ner, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hum, Kerr, Knox,
McCulloch,, MeDougall, Matjeson, Mayail, Meaeham,
Middleswarth, Moigari, Noble, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Patker, £< ck, Peckham, Pennington, John Perkins, Phil-
Hps, Piatt, Preston, Cringle, Puryear, Reese, Richard-son,
Rovve, Sabm, Sapp, Shannon, Simmons, William Smith,
William-R. Smith, FtedericJc P. Stanton, Richard H. Stan-
ton, Hestor L. Steveps, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Teller, Tburstojn, CJpham, WalbrLdge, Walker,
Walley, Warren, Eilihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, Hen-
-driek B. Wright, and Yates—89.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Alien, Willis Allen, Barksdale,
Barry, Bocock, Bridges, Caskie, Cobb, Craige, Curtis, John
G. Davis,Dunham, Eddy,Edgerton, John M. Elliott,Ellison,
Fuller, Green, Hamilton, Auron Harlan, Sampson W. Har-
ris, Wiley P. Harris, Hastings, Haven, Hendricks, Ilenn,
Hibbard, Ilillyer, Houston, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
George W# Jones, Kid well, Kutredge, Kurtz, Lamb, Lewis,
LiHy, Lmd-ley, JVfeNair, McQueen, Smith Miller, JVbllson,
Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packcr,
Bishop Perkins, Phelps, Ready, Ruihn, Russell, Seward,
Shaw, Singleton, Skclton, George W. Smyth, Andrew
Stuart, John J. Taylor, Tracy, Vansant, Wuie, and Zollt-
cofter.—65.
So the vote by which the bill was rejected was
reconsidered.
The question recurred upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. HILLYER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. HUNT. I hope the gentleman will allow
the vote to be taken on the passage of the bill.
We have tested this matter three or four times.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. Tlws bill has been
before the House for a long time, and we had
much better dispose of it at once.
The SPEAKER. Debate on the motion to ad-
journ ib not in order.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I ask the gentleman
from Georgia to withdraw the motion to adjourn
for one moment-
Mr. HILLYER. I withdraw it, sir.
Mr. BAYLY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to enable me to olfer a resolution call-
ing for some papers that the Committee on Foreign
Affairs want. There can be no objection to the
resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution for information,
as follows;
Resolved, That the President of the United States ho re-
quested to cause to be communicated to this Ilouae, if not
incompatible with tho public interest, copies of any docu-
ments hi the Navy Department relating to the enso of Wal-
ter M. Gibson, which may not h<tve heretofore been com-
municated.
Mr. ORR. If that resolution can be amended,
I have no objection to its introduction.
The SPEAKER, ii will be open to amend-
ment if there is no objection to its introduction.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 have no objection to any
amendment.
Mr. KERR. I object to the resolution, until
the bill pending before the House is disposed of.
The SPEAKER. Theobjection comes in time.
Mr. BAYLY. Oh, I hope my friend from
North Carolina will withdraw the objection.
Mr. KERR. I would do so with great pleasure
to accommodate the gentleman, but I really think
we had better dispose of the bill.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman from Virginia
will withdraw his resolution now, I have no doubt
that he will obtain permission to offer it to-mor-
row,
Mr. BAYLY. Very well, sir; I withdraw it.
Mr. HILLYER. I renew the motion to ad-
journ,
Mr. SEWARD. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
Mr. S TANTON, of Tennessee. The objectof
the gentlemen who favor an adjournment now is,
as 1 understand, to get a vote upon this bill when
the House is full. Now, if they will allow the
previous question to be called on the bill, I, for
one, have no objection to a postponement of the
vote.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the gentleman de-
mands the previous question, I move to refer the
bill to a Committee of the Whole House.
The SPRAKER. That motion cannot be en-
tertained, for there is a motion pending that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope that motion will
be withdrawn.
Mr. HILLYER. It would be better for the
opponents of the bill that the House should ad-
journ, if we can do so. If my motion is voted
down, I will go very cheerfully for the motion of
the gentleman from Indiana; but I insist on the
motion to adjourn, and ask tor the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HILLYER I withdraw the motion.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to refer the bill to
a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. ORR. I desire to know whether anamend-
ment was adopted to this bill, striking out that
feature of it which provided for payment of the
duties on the tobacco, which has been the subject
of controversy here ?
Mr. HUNT. That amendment was agreed
to by the friends of the bill at the time it was
proposed, but I do not know whether the House
would allow theagreement to stand. At any rate,
the question conies very late now, and it is in
the shape ofargumentation.
Mr. ORR. Well, sir, the bill is debatable, I
believe, at this stage.
The SPEAKER. The word "illegal" was
inserted by unanimous consent. That is the only
change that the bill has undergone.
Mr. HUNT. I have no objection to accept the
amendment which the gentleman suggests, if that
will satisfy him, and to strike out the word " to-
bacco." I meet the gentleman fairly, if that
was his objection to the bill, it is removed. Strike
out the word " tobacco," and leave it " merchan-
dise," as he proposed in the first instance.
Mr. ORR. It would be better to make it read
" merchandise, except tobacco." That amend-
ment would exclude tobacco.
Mr. HUNT. Very well; anything that you
please which conveys your meaning.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the House
that the bill be amended as suggested by tha gen-
tleman fiom South Carolina?
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. HUNT. The tobacco is an inconsiderable
item, anyhow.
Mr. OilR. I hope the gentleman from Georgia
will withdraw his objection.
Mr. SEWARD. I will withdraw it for the
gratification of the gentleman.
No further objection being offered, the amend-
ment suggested by Mr. Oru was made to the bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand the
previous question.
The previous question received a second; and
the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. CRA1GE. As 1 desire that there shall be
a full House when the vote is taken on this bill, 1
move that the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken; and, on a division,
there were—ayes 81, noes 69.
So the motion was agreed to.
_And thereupon, at twenty minutes to four
o'clock, p. m., the House adjourned until to-mor-
row at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 1, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
FETITIONS, ETC.
The PRESIDENT pro tr.mjmrr. presented a let-
ter of the Governor of Pennsylvania, inclosing a
resolution of the Legislature of thatState, in favor
of an expedition to rescue Dr. XCane and the crew
of the Advance.
Mr. BRODHEAD said that the Senate had
already anticipated the wishes of the Governor and
Legislature of Pennsylvania, and carried out their
desires.
Ihe letter and resolution were therefore ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of Al-
fred G. Benson, praying indemnification for losses
sustained on account of the non-fulfillment, by the
Peruvian Government, of the agreement entered
into with the United States, relative to guano on
; the Lobos Islands; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Also, the petition of the Hon. Harvey Baldwin,
of Syracuse, New York, in favor of the abolition of
slavery, and proposing a pian, which, he says, is
consistent alike with the rights of the slaveholder
and duty to the slave; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Also, the petition of Edwin B. Marvin and
others, praying certain amendmeats to the bounty
land act; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. STUART presented the memorial of Ed-
ward Riddle, praying the reimbursement of ex-
penses incurred by him as agent of the American
contributors to the Industrial Exhibition in Lon-
don in the year 1851; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. GEYER presented the petition of William
M. P. Magraw, contractor for carrying the mail
from Independence, Missouri, to Salt Lake City,
in the Territory of Utah, praying an increase of
compensation in consideration of his losses and
expenses in consequence of Indian hostilities along
the route; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PISH presented the memorial of the heirs
of Edward Rogers, praying the reimbursement
of money advanced by their ancestor for the pub-
lic use during the revolutionary war; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives for the relief of Ferdi-
nand Clark, reported it back without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Christian F. Funch,
and Andrew J. Meineke, praying that a register
may be issued for the ship Aina, formerly of
Russia, and purchased by them, reported a bill
authorizing the issue of a register to the Russian-
built ship Aina; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petition of John Thomas, the pe-
tition of George Gerrish, and others, and the peti-
tion of C. L. Ingersoll, and others, boat-builders,
of New York, praying the action of Congress to
compel the use of Thomas's safety cars on pas-
senger vessels, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration, which was agreed to.
He also, from the Committee on thePostOffice
and Post Roads, to whom was referred a joint
resolution for the establishment of an express
mail weekly between St. Louis, Missouri, and
San Francisco, California, reported it back with
sundry amendments.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was recommitted a joint resolution rela-
tive to the administration of the pension laws,
reported it back with an amendment. He also
submitted a report on the subject; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted a bill for the relief of Parmelia
Slavin, late the wife of John Blue, deceased, re-
ported it back without amendment. He also sub-
mitted a report on the bill; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill from the House of Representatives to author-
ize the extension, construction, and use, of the
Metropolitan Railroad Company, into and within
the District of Columbia, reported it back without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of officers of volunteer
companies in the District of Columbia, respecting
the erection of an armory in the District of Co-
lumbia, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the memorial of the Metropolitan Mechan-
ics Institute ot Washington city, praying for an
aiCt0'iilncorPol"®tion! reported a bill " incorporating
the Metropolitan Mechanics' Institute for the
promotion of manufactures, commerce, and the
mechanic arts;" which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred a petition of citizens of the District of
Co umbia, praying Congress to incorporate the
Columbia Wood Gas Company, reported a b 11 to
effect that object; which was read and passed to a
second reading.
