1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m§
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on j
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill from the I
House of Representatives, for the relief of Lot;
Davis, repot tea it back without amendment. |
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revo- I
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred a bill for :
the relief of the heirs of Colonel William Gray- :
bod, reported it back with an amendment. He !
also submitted a report on the bill; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
..was referred the petition of the legal representa-
tives of Richard' IC. Meade deceased, praying to!
be allowed commutation pay, submitted a report !
accompanied" by a bill for their relief; which was ;
read, and passed to a second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Re-
trenchment, to whom was referred the petition of
William G. Ridgely, chief clerk to the Eureau of
Yards and Docks, praying to be allowed arrears
of salary, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs; whioh was agreed to..
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John I-Ieneage, pray-
ing to be allowed extra compensation, reported
adversely thereon, and asked to be discharged I
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a bill for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Colonel Edward R. S. Canby, reported it
back without amendment. He also submitted a
report on the bill; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom wns
referred the petition of H. R. Rooker, for herself
and other children of Jabez 13. Rooker, praying
compensation for the services of her father as
clerk to the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for the
relief of the heirs of Jabez B. Rooker, deceased;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRA1NERD, from tne Committee on
Claims, to whom was1 referred the petition of
James S. V. Thompson, praying indemnity for
losses sustained by him on a certain lot of flour
purchased at a Government sate, and on beef cat-
tle lost on their way for delivery at Bent's Fort,
under contract with the Government, submitted it
report, accompanied by a bill, for his relief; which
was read, and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee to whom
was referred the petition of Joseph Leranger, for
remuneration for property destroyed by the enemy
during the war of 1812, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for his relief; which was read,
and passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the select committee on
the subject, to whom was referred the petition of
Ithiel B. Richardson, upon the subject of mi
atmospheric telegraph, reported a bill to test the
practicability and usefulness of 1. S. Richardson's
atmospheric telegraph; which was read,and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print the
memorial of Aaron Haight Palmer, praying com-
pensation forservices in collecting valuable inform-
ation and statistics m relation to the geography,
productive resources, trade, commerce, &c., of the
independent Oriental nations, reported in favor of j
printing the same; which was agreed to. j
He, also, from the Committee on Public Lands, j
to whom was referred a bill for the relief of |
Thomas T. Russell, of Florida, submitted an |
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be ;
printed. . :
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public j
Lands, to whom, were referred sundry petitions of ,
registers of land office's and receivers of public I
moneys, in various parts of the Union, praying
to be allowed the same per centum on the sales of ]
the public lands as was allowed previous to the
act of August 4, 1354, asked to be discharged ;
from their further consideration, on the ground ,
that a general law had been passed for their relief, j
The committee were accordingly discharged. |
mrs. anna w. angus. ij
On motion by Mr. JONES,of Iowa, the bill of j;
the House for the relief of Mrs. Anna W. Angus,
widow of thelate Captain Angus, of the United
States Navy, was recommitted to the Committee
on Pensions.
GUNNERY PRACTICE.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to inquire imo the expediency of an appropria-
tion to be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of War, by a board of officers, in gunnery practice, and the
preparation and use of shot, shell, and other projectiles.
DRY DOCK AT PENSACOLA.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
ResolvcA, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested to
communicate to the Senate, the results of the recent test of
the dock, railway, and basin at the Pensacola navy-yard ;
ami also whether the dock, railway, and basin have been
accepted by the Government.
JOINT RESOLUTIONS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the Speaker had signed the fol-
lowing enrolled joint resolutions; which were
thereupon signed by the President pro tempore:
A joint resolution respecting the Arctic expedi-
tion commanded by Passed Assistant Surgeon E.
K. Kane; and
A joint resolution relative to the construction of
the laws for the allowance of additional compen-
sation to the clerks in the Census Bureau.
mess ace prom the house.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions; which were
read twice by their titles, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories:
A bill for the construction of a military road in
Oregon Territory;
A bill authorizing the Secretary of War to pur-
chase a site in Texas, and contract for the erection
of arsenals in Texas and New Mexico, and in the
Territory of y^oahington or Oregon;
A bill making an appropriation for completing
the public buildings of Oregon and Minnesota
Territories;
A bill making appropriations for improving cer-
tain military roads in tne Territory of Minnesota;
A bill to provide for the erection of public build-
ings in the Territory of Nebraska;
A bill to provide for the erection of public build-
ings in the Territory of Kansas;
A bill for the construction of certain military
roads in the Territory of Kansas;
A bill malting an appropriation for a territorial
road in the Territory of Nebraska; and
A joint resolution authorizing the Legislative
Assembly of Utah to continue their session for a
term not exceeding sixty days, instead of forty
days, as heretofore' provided.
Also, that the House had passed the bill of the
Senate authorizing the construction of a subter-
ranean line of telegraph, from the Mississippi o«
the Missouri river to the Pacific ocean, with
amendments; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Also, that it had passed the following bills,
which were read twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands:
A bill regulating the location of bounty land
warrants in Oregon Territory;
A bill to establish an additional land district in
the Territory of Oregon; and
A bill to amend an act approved August 26,
1852, entitled "an act to reduce and define the
boundaries of the military reserve at St. Peter's
river, in the Territory of Minnesota, and for other
purposes."
The message also announced that the House
had passed Senate bill making appropriations for
the construction of certain roads in the Territories
of Nebraska and Washington, without amend-
ment.
message from the president.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his secre-
tary, announcing that he had, on January 31st,
approved and signed the following bills*
An act'for the felieif of Frederick'Vincent, ad-
ministrator of James Le' Caze, survivor of Le
Caze and Mallet;, and
An act to authorize the issue of a" register to
the barque Colonist, by the name of Lily.
CHANGE OF NAME OP VESSELS.
Mr. SEWARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred tfie
bill from the House of Representatives," t6 change,
the' name of the'American-built vessels J. H.
Holmes and Franklin Pierce," to report it back
to the Senate without amendment, and recom-
mend its passage.
Mr. WADE. I ask that that bill may be Con-
sidered now. I presume there can be no objec-
tion to it.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to th£. consider-
ation of the bill.
Mr. CASS. I wish to suggest to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, whether it would not be a great
deal better to provide a general law on this sub-
ject. It seems to me to be more of the adminis-
trative duty than anything else; and I would,
therefore, suggest the' propriety of a general law
giving the proper department power to make these
changes.
Mr. SEWARD. I will reply to the honorable
Senator, that the Committee on Commerce have
such a bill, together with a general bill revising
the revenue laws, under consideration; but theSS
are special cases requiring immediate action.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
JAMES HODGES GAYLE.
Mr. FOOT. The Committee on Public Lands
have, according to order, had under consideration
the petition of James Hodges Gayle, of Mary-
land, and directed me to report a bill for his relief.
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. FOOT. I ask! for the consideration of the
bill at this time, and I will state the case. The
bill grants three hundred and twenty acres of land
to James Hodges Gayle, brother of William
Gayle, who served in the war of 1812, and was
entitled, by the act of December 10, 1814, to three
hundred and twenty acres of land, but died with-
out having received it. Leaving no widow or
children, his father inherited the right to that prop-
erty; but he, however, died without having per-
fected his claim', and made a will devising it to the
petitioner. The committee are unanimous in rec-
ommending the passage of the bill.
The bill was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. No amendment
being proposed, it was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be ehgrosSed for a
third reading, read a third time and passed. :
MILWAUKIE CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin. 1 ask the indul-
gence of the Senate to take up for consideration at
this-time, a bill which has been reported from the
Committee on Commerce, "changing the appro-
priation for the erection of a building, in the city
of Milwaukie, for a custom-house, post office, and
the United States courts." It is a small matter,
about which there can be no dispute, and which
can lead to no discussion. Its object is to make a
small appropriation for the completion of the cus-
tom-house at Milwaukie. There is, among the
papers, a letter from the Secretary Of the Treasury,
approving of the measure. I move that the Sen-
ate now take it up.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
rend a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes that, in lieu of the
provision in an act approved August 4, 1854, for
the erection of the building therein described, in
the city of Milwaukie, theSecretary of the Treas-
ury cause to be constructed at that city, for the
accommodafion of the custom-house, post office,
and United States courts, a building of stone or
brick, with fire-proof floors, witj^iron doors, and
iron roof 'and shutters, eighty-five by sixty feet.
The cost of the building is to be not more than
$88,000, which sum, with an addition of ten per
cent for the cost of the superintendence of erec-
tion and contingent expenses, the bill proposes to
appropriate.
The bilV was* reported to- the Senate without
