mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ceeds to address the Senate, I wish to remind the
body that my amendmentcontemplates the raising
of four regular regiments, and the amendment of
the honorable Senator from Virginia contemplates
raising a mixed force of two regiments of regulars
and five hundred volunteers. X learn that the
four regiments of regulars can be raised for nearly
the same amount of money that the force proposed
by the honorable Senator from Virginia, can be
raised for; and, in my opinion, his five hundred
volunteers would just be enough to provoke and
excite war, but not enough to carry it on.
Mr. MASON. I wish to ask the Senator a
question. ][ want to know whether this volunteer
force has nj>£ been recommended from the War
Department ss a forcc that can be more speedily
raised and used than a regular force ?
Mr. SHIELDS. The War Department rec-
ommended the raising of three thousand volun-
teers, to operate until four regiments of regulars
could be raised; but it seems that the Senate is
disposed to abandon the three thousand volunteers
and confine itself to raising four regiments; and,
if the four regiments be voted, I shall abandon the
proposition for raising the three thousand volun-
teers, because I have learned, in intercourse with
the Department, that this is a favorable time for
recruiting the regiments, and that we can raise
them nearly as rapidly as we can volunteers.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the gentleman is mis-
taken in supposing that the Department think they
can raise them as rapidly as-,fiolunteers. I cer-
tainly did not so understand them.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 did not say "as rapidly;"
but I "say two regiments of cavalry can be raised,
perhaps, nearly as speedily as volunteers.
Mr. HUNTER. My understanding was, that
it vould take the whole summer to raise regulars,
while the volunteers could be in the field in the
spring, when they were wanted.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I join in the regret
which has'already been expressed, that this im-
portant. measure is brought before us 111 one of
the annual appropriation bills. Such a mode of
introducing great measures to the notice of the
Senate ought not to be tolerated. It breaks down
one of the safest barriers we can interpose against
hasty and improper legislation, There are many
of us, probably all of us, in fact, prepared to vote
for the necessary appropriations warranted by
law; but who are compelled by this practice,
under many circumstances, either to vote against
the necessary appropriations to carry on the Gov-
ernment, or to support measures to which we are
opposed. Here, sir, is presented to us a most
impoitant measure, and one deeply interesting
to the American people, about which they have
alwayn been jealous—the increase of their Army,
adding one third to its force—and we find it, not in
its proper place, a bill for that purpose, but m an
annual appropriation bill. For myself, under
ordinary circumstances, that would be sufficient
to induce me to vote against the proposition. I
regret that the Senator from Virginia, the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, who has contended
ably and faithfully against this practice, but re-
cently known in our legislative history, has con-
Rented that this interpolation should take place;
but as he has dons so, I shall make no further
opposition, but content myself with this expres-
sion of my views.
Sir, I heard, with much pleasure, the avowal
made by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,]
and the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] of
their position with regard to this demand of the
Executive for an increased force. But while I
was gratified, 1 was not surprised; for theircouYse
is precisely what any man who knew them would
have anticipated—an honorable and patriotic one.
They are willing to vote for an increase of force,
when necessary, although that increase is de-
manded by an Administration to which they are
politically opposed. I must confess, however, that
1 cannot speak with the same gratification of the
views which those gentlemen presented in relation
to their political opponents upon this floor. I do
not understand party fealty as they seem to do—
a fealty to party that outweighs the fealty to the
Constitution. We are divided upon great points
of doctrine and policy, which have separated the
parties of this country since the organization of
the Government; and when these are brought into
question, a faithful partisan will come to the res-
cue. But certainly it is to convert the advan-
tages of party divisions into a great abuse by thus
carrying them into every subject involving the in-
tei;est.of the country. 1 believe I am a pretty good
parly man, but I will bind myself in no such iron
shackles. I choose to examine for myself all the
measures of an Administration, be it friend or foe,
and to support such as 1 approve, and no other.
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] well
observed, in reference to this point, that, if such
is our duty, as contended for, we are merely to
register the edicts of the President. He is right;
and 1 subscribe to no such doctrine. It is no part
of the doctrine of the Democratic creed, nor did I
ever understand it to be a portion of the creed of
the Whig party. The Senator from Tennessee,
and the Senator from Georgia, do not themselves
consider this to be a party measure. That is evi-
dent; for if they did, the very act of advocating it
would be to abandon their friends and join their
opponents. And if it be not a test for them, how
can it be for us, unless we are prepared for mere
slavish obedience ? Here is a serious proposition
made by the Administration for the increase of
the military force. I am prepared to look at it;
and, after looking at it, I shall be prepared to vote
all the force which 1 consider the exigency of the
country demands. No more can be justly re-
quired of me; and if more is asked, 1 shall not
yield to the demand.
Mr. President, the Senator from Alabama [Mr.
Fitzpatrick] renewed the question of the pro-
priety of employing an Indian force to aid our
troops. I do not intend to go over that subject
again; for I have already discussed it. I have
very great respect for that honorable Senator; but
let me ask him whether he supposes that, if we
embody five hundred Indians as guides and hunt-
ers—for to such employments does he wish to
confine them—to attend upon the operations of
our Army, any human power can keep them from
blood? No, sir; you can keep them within no
such peaceful limits. It is impossible. They
would scent the blood upon the gale, and would
redden their hands with it. Restrict them as you
may, the proposition is, in effect, and so the result
would prove, a proposition to them to fight our
battles; and, for myself,I desire no such auxilia-
ries, nor, as I believe, do the American people. I
do not dispute that this has been our practice, and,
unfortuuately, too often, and the Secretary of War
had lull justification in the former practice of the
Government for the demand he made; but, m my
opinion, the practice is a bad one, and the sooner
it is abandoned the better. It is opposed to the
spirit of the age and to the feelings of the Ameri-
can people, and I think this is a favorable time to
terminate it. 1 do not recollect precisely, but I
think that, within many years—twenty years, or
perhaps more—such a proposition has not been
submitted to the American Congress, nor been
stumped by its approbation.
Under any circumstances I do not believe in its
necessity. £ doubt not that Indians might be
found who would be useful as skillful guides and
as successful hunters. 1 haveseen andliave acted
with such. But after all, there is a class of active
and enterprising men upon our frontiers, the
pioneers of civilization, who are far better fitted
than any Indians to accompany our troops as
scouts, spies, guides,and hunters. They possess
more intelligence than the Indians, they are more
subject to control, physically more powerful, and
as well acquainted with all the circumstances of
prairie and of forest life as any red man who
makes his dwelling _there. Daniel Boone, and
Simon Kenton, and Kit Carson, present in real life
the types of this class, and Leather Stocking and
his associates, in the romance of Indian story, as
depicted by Cooper, are happy illustrations of the
intrepid men we need and can find. They are
our best pilots amid woods and plains. Their
courage is undoubted, and their fidelity unshaken.
Wayne,inhiasuccessful campaign,employed men
of this description, and with the happiest success.
I knew some of them personally, and especially
Captain Wells, who had been taken prisoner, in
early life, in Kentucky, and had escaped from the
Indians. He was the very beau ideal of a fearless
forest ranger, brave, indefatigable, skillful; in all
the knowledge of wood craft he was superior to
any one I have ever known, red or while. He
performed deeds of desperate daring, entering the
villages and lodges of the hostile Indians, seeking
for information, and mingling in their councils,
but so disguised as to appear the member of a
friendly tribe, which, in the pages of romance
even, would appear like the wild dreams of the
imagination. When Chicago waa threatened in
1812, he was sent to conduct the garrison to Fort
Wayne. He saw upon his arrival that thelndians
were determined upon war, and as the troops
marched out of the fort, he blackened his face with
a piece of coal—the Indian signal of a desperate
situation and a desperate resolution—and met hia
death after a powerful resistance.
Mr. President, a great deal has been said of the
conduct of the Indians towards the United States.
I shall hot go over that matter, for I do not think
it necessary. I agree with the Senator from Ten-
nessee and others who have spoken, that the In-
dians have committed great cruelties. There is no
doubt of the fact. It is marked in characters of
blood upon too many pages of our history, as it
has been marked by the most terrible devastations
on our frontiers. Such scenes can never be de-
scribed better than they were by Fisher Ames, in
the House of Representatives fifty years ago, in a
speech on the appropriation for the British treaty,
one of the most memorable bursts of eloquence to
be found in our congressional history. I am told
that it produced the most profound impression
upon his auditory, startling them as though they
had heard the Indian war-whoop and had seen the
midnightconflagration lighting up the hemisphere,
and consuming at once the frontier dwellings and
the mutilated bodies of the unhappy tenants, men,
women, and children. There is no doubt that out-
rages, which heart can hardly conceive or pen
describe, have been many times committed.
I agree with my friend from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge,]
in his allusion to these incidents, which have
marked the progress of our settlements. He has
depicted very truly the condition of the settlers,
and he has truly narrated some of the assaults
made upon them by the Indians. But, sir, S do
not go with him the full length to which he has
gone. We all know his warm and impassioned
feelings, and hia noble heart. He has seen the
injuries the Indians have done to the men around
him; he has seen the cruelties inflicted on his
constituents, and those with whom he has been
associated since early life. He has felt them
strongly, and described them strongly. But,.like
other conditions of human life, there are two sides
to the picture. The Indians are not always
wrong, nor the whites always right.
So far as regards the conduct of the American
Government towards this unfortunate race, I think
it is historically irreproachable. Look at the con-
duct of all the European Governments from the
moment their people landed on the shores of this
continent down to the present day. There is not
one of them which, in proper ana just care of the
Indians, has equalled the American Government.
Many years ago I had occasion to examine this
subject thoroughly, and the views which I pre-
sented to the public through the pages of the North
American Review, on that occasion, are in a book
before me, but I shall not trouble the Senate with
reading them. Let me mention one fundamental
difference. The other Governments which have
been placed in contact with the Indians, when they
wanted their land, took it; they adopted the politi-
cal ethics of Juvenal—Hoc volo, sicjuieo, sit pro
ratione voluntas. When they coveted a tract of
Indian territory they summoned the Indians and
said, "your Great Father over the water wants
this," and they took it. Perhaps they mightgive
them some wampum, and a little powder, or other
trifling presents, but they gave them nothing as a
matter of right, and made no provision for the
future. What have we done? We never took a
foot of land from them without paying for it, and
in some cases we have paid a pretty dear price.
We have granted them permanent annuities. We
have sent and maintained missionaries, school-
masters, and teachers of mechanical arts among
them. We have placed them upon reservations,
and endeavored to induce them to apply them-
selves to the cultivation of the soil. We have
done everything that could be suggested, to rescue
them from that impending destruction which seems
to await them. I repeat, from the first moment of
the intercourse of the Americans with the Indians
down to this day, I do not know of a single deed
on our part for which our Government can be
justly reproached as wanting in good faith. I
regret we cannot say as much for the conduct of
