51-2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1.
individuals. No mart in this assembly, no man
i*5 the Union, will deny that our citizens have com-
mitted grievous injuries upon the Indians, some-
times originating in feelings of retaliation, and
sometimes in far less justifiable motives., All this
Is well know'n to our country and to the world.
Mr. President, the'condition of thelndian tribes
is one of the most'extraordinary recorded in the
whole fcistory of the human race. When the
Europeans-landed upon this continent they found
its occupants divided into small bands, scattered
over'the country. In summer they were in their
villages," near a'.rich bottom, where the women
raised a little corn—very little, indeed—and in the
autumn they dispersed to their hunting grounds,
^vhere they followed the gameduring the winter.
Such was the round of their lives, broken only
by hostile excursions, and by the necessities of
defense. They were in a perpetual state of war
with each other. It is a mere dream to suppose
that'there ever was a golden age in the history of j
the American Indians when they were all at peace, ;
end that this primitive condition was destroyed by i
the advent of-the white man. There was no such J
happy state of things. There are barbarous prac- j
tices, laws indeed, in force among the Indians, j
which necessarily incite them to war and to blood-
shed.
There was nothing in the institutions of Greece
and Rome better calculated to secure the devotion
of the citizens to the expectations and requisitions
of their country thnn is presented to us in the or-
ganizations of our primitive people. Periodically,
perhaps two or three times a year, the whole tribe
assemble® at its village to hold the great war dance.
Men, wt men', and children equally attend, and
all are equally interested in the exciting ceremo-
nies. A post is erected, around which the assembly
convenes, and each Indian, coming forward in
turn. Strikes it, and recounts his warlike feats,
A« these are more desperate and successful the
plaudits of the auditory are louder and more
vehement. The narrative is always rigidly true,
for were u not so the speaker would be covered
with shame by the contradiction of thof>e to whom
the fact* must be known. No young man is held
in the slightest esteem by man or woman till he
has joined a war party and struck an enemy with
his tomahawk, for at! who are present at a suc-
cessful feat participate equally in its honor. This
exhibition is more powerful than laud-, or pay, or
bounty. It drives the whole male population to
make hostile incursions where they can free them-
selves from the suspicion of cowardice, I have
witnessed ihene ceremonies with profound interest,
displaying, us they do, some of the most powerful ]
motives, of human action. I
Mr. President, as a matter of justice we should i
survey thi« subject from the (mittm point of view. !,
I do not appear here as the apologist of the In- !
dians, but I appear here as u lover of truth, f jj
find no justification for their conduct; but in their !
position and ;n the condition of human nature, 1 j
find much excuse for what they have done. In ■
Cheirown language, we have driven them *f from
the rising to the setting sun." This fair inherit- !
ance which we now enjoy was once their own.
Our father* landed on the continent, and swept I
their fathers before them. They have been driven I
almost t  destruction, and, I feur, they are fared ,
yet to reach it. With all my wishes for their i
amelioration, both moral and physical, I am 1
among those 'wfcoue fears predominate over their i
hopes. We have extinguished their council fires,
and plewed up the bones of their ancestors. \
O .ce high-spirited and powerful, they are now j'
feeble in heart and numbers, and look to us as !
the authors of their fall. If, under these circum- 1
stances, the stern laws of nature have doomed 1
them to extinction, and if the decree for that pur- j
pose has gone forth, let us be no participators by 1
action or omission in the mefancnoly result. !
Now, Kir, as a Christian people, what is it our I
duty tu do? It is to aid and instruct them; to!
chastise them, if we must, but as little as may be, ;
and in all respects to treat them justly, humanely, j
liberally. We are the judges in our own cause; !
let us judge in mercy, as we hope to be judged in j
mercy at that great bar, where the red man and ;
the. white man will lose their inequality, and where ■
the distinctions of races will disappear in the great;
congregation of the living and the dead. Sir, this
is our duty—not merely a duty of humanity, but
of Christianity and justice. I heard this called
yesterday, or the day before, sickly sentimental-
ity. Mr. President, this is no sickly or puling
sentimentality. In doing this, we are but obeying
the dictates of the Gospel of the Prince of Peace.
i am happy to be able to say that I approve the
views of the President of the United States con-
tained in the message transmitted to us the other
day, in which he says:
" With an earnest desire to promote Ihe early settlement
of the ceded lands well as iliose held in trust, and to
be sold for the benefit of the Indians, I shall exercise atl
Ihe power intrusted to me to maintain strictly and in good
faith our treaty obligations."
In doing so, he will be supported by the peo-
ple of the United States, and by their representa-
tives. I hope he will sustain to the letter the rights
secured to the Indians by treaty stipulations.
Ever}7 question of expediency should yield to our
plighted faith. If we desire to change the treaties,
let us buy those changes honestly. This is our
duty, and I trust it will be performed.
We have been told, sir, by gentlemen on the
other side of the Chamber, that there are differ-
ences of opinion between the various departments
of the Government in relation to this matter.
This difference alluded to is not one which is
personal, nor one caused by the Departments, but
results from injudicious legislation. The difficulty
is that you have two independent Departments of
the Government operating on the same subject-
matter. The Indian office ought never to have
been separated from the War Department. I
thought so at the time, and every day confirms
that opinion. The military are necessarily called
into close connection with the Indians, and there
should be a close connection between thelndian
agents and the military authorities in the same
region of country. Both should be made respon-
sible to the same Department of the Government.
The result of the present condition of affairs is,
that you have two sets of officers, and too often
with antagonistic views, reporting to different De-
partments. These reports, when they come to us,
present an apparent want of union. That istthe
true state of the case. It does not result from the
conduct of the Departments here, but from the
condition in which you have placed your interests.
I will take this opportunity of saying that 1 think
the officer now at the head of the Department of
Indian Affairs, an able, intelligent, and honest
man, and I am glad to see such a man in that posi-
tion, and that he unites to these qualifications that
of great firmness, now more indispensable than
ever.
I have already stated that there are peculiar
characteristics connected with the manners and
customs of the Indians which drive them to war
almost in spite of themselves. This circumstance
of their condition, although no justification, yet, in
the eye of liberality and of reason, constitutes &
palliation, and outfit to teach us a proper degree
of forbearance. It has been said here, and very
truly, that a system of revenge prevaiksamong the
Indians; and it might have been added that they
are not alone in that characteristic, for the same
system prevailed among the Arabs in the earliest
times, and prevails to this day; for they are as
unchangeable as the deserts over which they roam.
According to the aboriginal customs, if one Indian
is killed, it becomes the duty of his surviving rela-
tives to take the life of the murderer, if he belongs
to the same tribe; but if he does not belong to
that tribe, it is their duty to take the life of the first
man of the tribe they meet. Such is the Indian
law, and bad enough it is. Out, I repeat, it is not
confined to them. It is the Arab law; and, strange
as it may seem, travelers state that its effect among
the Arabs has been to produce a very healthful
state of things m the East, compared with what
would have been the result witnout warning to
passion. There is no law, no superior authority
there. How, then, are you to prevent murders,
unless by an institution which puts the power of
retaliation into the possession of the injured party?
It is lamentable that such a remedy should be re-
quired; but, both in Arabia and in our forest, it has,
no doubt, prevented many a deed of blood, many
an extirpation, indeed, of families and of tribes.
I allude to these circumstances to show that, bar-
barous as such usages are, they are sometimes
founded in the laws of necessity, and that their
existence is not incompatible with laudable traits
of conduct and character.
But, sir, it is not the Indian alone who loves
war, nor he alone can justly be accused of seeking
it. It is a predisposition which seems to adhere
to man in the highest, as in the lowest, state of
development. It has been so since the first great
event recorded in history, leading to the establish-
ment of separate communities—the going forth of
the human family from the plains of Stnnar. It
has been so since the first battle of which we have
any authentic account, was fought—the battle
of the four Kings against the five Kings in the
vale of Siddim—down to this very moment,
when the sun which is now shining upon us is
witnessing that mighty contest of nations upon
the shores of the Euxine; the booming of whose
cannon is traveling around the earth, startling the
people of continent and of island by its terrible
reverberations.
Barbarous customs have existed everywhere,
and no people have the right to claim exemption
from the common charge of cruelty, nor to bo^st
of their own superior humanity. Scalps were
taken by Scythians, as the old Father of History,
Herodotus, tells us, and by the Garthagenians,as
we learn from Polybius. They were trophies of
victory, like captured standards. Herodotus says
that the Scythians drank the blood of the first
person they killed; and his description of the oper-
ation of scalping is as accurate and graphic as if
he had participated in a successful Indian expe-
dition. Every schoolboy has read, and can repeat,
the story of Hector and Achilles, and how the
Trojan hero was lagged around the city he had
so long defended by his barbarous conqueror. I
have seen and heard nothing more revolting than
this in the whole history of our Indian intercourse.
As to the Greek chieftain, he is surrounded
with no'prestigein my eyes. I have known a great
many Indians,goou and bad, but I never knew one
i who exhibited worse or more diabolical traits of
j character than this same Mr. Achilles, [laughter,]
j and yet the charms of Greek poesy have almost
j ennobled him in the opinion of mankind. But
i Sciipture comes to corroborate Profane History
in the record of human cruelties. In the Psalms
[ of David, the Jewish monarch thus recounts the
i mercies of Jehovah: "When the wicked, even
mine enemies and my foes, came upon me to eat
up my fiesh, they stumbled and fell." It is evi-
dent, sir, that the horrible practice of eating pris-
oners must have prevailed at that day, in portions
of the East, probably among the tribes in contact
with the Jews, and often at war with them.
Mr. BADGER. David t poke figuratively. Is
not that figurative language?
Mr. CASS. I think not-. Such language is
used by way of illustration, end derives its force
from a preexisting custom—a custom which we
know has prevailed in the world.
But, sir, to come to our own day. What have
we seen Man has done nothing in the New
World, or in the Old, more shocking than the deeds
which took place at the capture of San Sebastian
with the British army. As an awful chapter in
the history of our race, and to teach us that the
Indians do not alone deserve reprobation, I will
read a very few lines from Napier, the historian
of the campaigns of Wellington: "This morm,"
he says, " seemed to be the signal of hell for the
perpetration of villany which would have shamed
the most ferocious barbarians of antiquity."
He then gots on to recount some of the inci-
dents^but they are of such a nature that I do not
choose to read them in this assembly. We are
told that at this very day the Russians are in the
practice of killing their prisoners on the field of
battle!
During the reign of the magnificent Louis XIV.,
the Palatinate, one of the most beautiful regions of
Germany, was taken possession of by a French
army, and-—I quote from history—the country
was given up to « fire and sword, everythirg was
consumed, the villages and towns were burned, the
peasantry butchered without mercy," and all this
in the midst of a terrible winter.
Recollect what was said to be the pass-word at
the attack upon New Orleans—Beauty and Booty.
. you think that our Indian vocabulary fur-
nishes words better calculated than those to incite
to plunder or destruction, or to something far
worse than both ? They offer at once a stimulus
and a reward for those deeds of horror, for which
, language furnishes no sufficient terms for repro-
1 bation. I have remarked that it was said this
was the pass-word. It was so, and with strong
