516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
ment which proposed to raise the volunteers was
withdrawn. I originally offered mine as a substi-
tute for that.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair understood
the Senator from Illinois to withdraw the second
section of the amendment which he offered. Is the
Chair corfect it that ?
Mr. JONES, of Tenness^. That is all.
The PRESIDENT. The Secretary will read
what was withdrawn.
The Secretary read as follows:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That any number
Qf friendly Indiana, not exceeding iti all five hundred, who
may offer their services as mounted rangers, scouts, guides,
and hunters, may be accepted by the President, and shall
Be organized into companies of not less than eighty men,
including such chiefs, sub-chiefs, and officers, as they may
select, not to exceed, however, three chiefs or officers to
each command; the whole to be under the immediate
command of such officer as the President may direct4, to
serve, as well as the volunteers, for eighteen months after
they shall have arrived at the place of rendezvous, unless
sooner discharged by the President: Provided, however,
That in the event the commanding genera! shall find it
necessary or expedient to divide the Indian force herein
provided for into companies, or squadrons for detached ser-
vice, he may place such companies or squadrons under ihe
immediate command of such officers as he may select:
Jlnd provided further, That the &aid volunteers shall be
liable to serve on horse or foot, as the President may direct.
The PRESIDENT. That is the section which
was withdrawn, and the residue of the amend-
ment is yet before the Senate.
Mr. RUSK. What has become of the amend-
ment to raise three thousand volunteers? Is that
pending before the Senate ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. RUSK. Then the Senate has voted out
of order. If that is before the Senate, the motion
of the Senator from Virginia was an amendment
to it.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Vir-
ginia, as the Chair understood, offered his as a
substitute to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. RUSK. That was an amendment to the
amendment of the committee, and then here comes
in a third amendment, which is certainly out of
order.
Mr. SHIELDS. My understanding is this:
The committee reported two propositions, one for
the appointment of commissioners, the other for
raising three thousand volunteers. I withdrew
the proposition for the raising of commissioners.
The Senator from Virginia then offered his sub-
stitute for (he three thousand volunteers, and I pro-
posed to amend the substitute. My amendment
has been agreed to, and that becomes a substitute
for the amendment raising three thousand volun-
teers.
Mr. HUNTER. That cannot possibly be in
order. If the amendment of the committee was
pending, mine was an amendment to it ill the
naturepf a substitute, and no further amendment
could be offered to it.
Th« PRESIDENT. The Senator from Illinois
gtated.if the Chair is correct, that he withdrew,
temporarily, his amendment to enable the Senate
to act on the amendment of theSenator from Vir-
ginia. The amendment that has just been voted
upon is the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. BROWN. Then, Mr. President, I am to
understand that the amendment to raise three
thousand volunteers is to be reintroduced by the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SHIELDS. I want to see what action the
Senate will take upon these four regiments before
1 attempt it.
Mr. BROWN. It is not material about these
technicalities for ihe purpose I had in view.
1 wish, however, to understand them. What I
want to do is to follow out, as nearly as I can, the
recommendation of ihe President and theSecretary
of War upon this matter. A good deal has been
said here about registering the edicts of the Presi-
dent and of the Executive officers. I think, sir,
considering how long I have been here, I have
given about as many evidences that I am indis-
posed to register mere edicts as any other Senator.
But here is an instance in which we are bound to
presume that the Secretary of War understands
our relations with the Indian tribes better than we
can possibly understand them. Why ? Because
it is the business of his Department to understand
them. He has to post the Army, and so to govern
it as that it shall be most efficient in the defense of
our frontier.
I think, under such circumstances, that very
great deference is due to his views upon this
subject. If we fail, in a mere spirit of obstinacy,
or from any other cause, to vote the number of
men which, we are told by the President and head
of the War Department, is necessary to protect
our frontier, how shall we answer to the country
in case of disaster? When the Indian shall light
up his camp fires, draw his scalping-knife and
tomahawk, and commence a war of universal
murder upon our frontiers; when the wail of
women and children shall come up to the Senate,
appealing to us, what answer shall we make?
That, because we were careful of trusting the
Department to which the responsibility properly
belongs, we refused to vote the necessary force to
defend them. Sir, I shall, by my vote here, take
no such responsibility. When the ghosts of
murdered women and children stalk into this
Chamber, I mean to have it in my power to say:
"Thou canst not say, I did it: never shake
Thy gory locks at me."
If others are willing to take the responsibility of
denying the means of defense, then let the blood
of our murdered people be upon their skirts. But
we are told that if we send a volunteer force, a
war will be almost inevitable. Sir, I do not know
whether that is true or not. I do not profess to
be a military man. I do not know which is the
more efficient force. I do not know which could
be best controlled in the field; but I do know that
the President of the United States informed us, in
a message which he sent to us a few days ago,
that a volunteer force is the one which he wants.
I do know that the Secretary of War has called
upon us for three thousand volunteers, and that
he has stated to us that it is the only force which
can be called into the field in time to meet the
approaching emergency. He has told us that
these Indians are combining. He has stated the
effective Indian force, if my recollection serves me
correctly, to be forty thousand men, and that
hostilities, in all probability, will commence early
in the spring. What are you doing? Are you
voting him the force which he says is absolutely
necessary for the protection of your frontiers ? No,
sir; you are withholding that force, and saying to
him: " If you send out the volunteers, tlien we
shall inevitably have war." Thus, you are not
providing for the emergency which he tells you
la at your door.
I have not read the extracts from the message,
and other papers bearing upon this point; but I
have stated their contents correctly. Weareoffi-
cially notified that the regular Army, though it
were entirdy full, would not answer the present
purpose; whereas, the Secretary of War tells us
in his annual communication, it now numbers
only about eleven thousand men, including officers
and soldiers. Ifit were entirely full it would only
be a little over fourteen thousand, according to his
calculation, and about eleven thousand effective
force is all that you really have at any time. He
tells you in plain and distinct terms that this force
is insufficient to protect your eight thousand miles
of frontier. The work is more than they can per-
form; and he asks for a permanent defense of the
frontier, a permanent increase in the military force
of the country.
He tells you in plain terms, and the President has
indorsed that statement—that the volunteer force
is absolutely necessary to meet the present emer-
gencies. Now,letmeask theSenate again,if you
refuse to vote tins force, and if, in the early spring,
the Indians shall fall upon your frontier and mur-
der your women and children, pillage your towns,
and devastate, and lay waste the whole frontier,
how shall you answer to your constituents for the
manner in which you refused to carry out the rec-
ommendations of the Executive Government, and
the following out of which recommendation we are
told is absolutely necessary to keep peace there?
Mr. President, I think well of the proposition
to send out a commissioner. I think well of it,
because it strikes my judgment as being right,
and because it is backed by the experience of the
mover of the proposition, and the venerable sen-
ator from Michigan, whose familiarity with Indian
; affairs is greater than, I trust in God, mine will
| ever be. I would send such a commission. I
i; would send with it a sufficient military force to
1 protect it in its negotiations. I would, at the same
| time, authorize the President of the United States
I to prepare immediately a military force, or a vol-
unteer force, to meet the emergency if it should
arise. I am not, in my conscience, and according
to my honest convictions, permitted to receive
mere declarations of opinions, coming from Sen-
ators here, in opposition to the expressed opinion
of the Executive Government, and upon a ques-
tion of this kind. Iam bound to presume that the
Secretary of War understands his duties better
than any one else can understand them. This I say
without any sort of disparagement to the intelli-
gence and military learning of any gentleman here
or elsewhere. If it be the business of one man to
study one subject; if he lend to it the whole ener-
gies of his mind, am I saying too much when 1
declare that, if 1 had to follow the lead of any
one, I would rather follow the lead of such a man
than one of equal intelligence, whose attention is
divided among a hundred different subjects ?
Considering that the proposition for raising the
three thousand volunteers had been withdrawn, I
had prepared an amendment, and meant to move
it as an addition to that of the Senator from Illi-
nois, which has just been agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I beg leave to state to the hon-
orable Senator that the amendment which I have
the honor to offer, is not yet adopted.
Mr. BROWN. It is not adopted; but it has
taken the place of the amendment of the Senator
from Virginia.
Mr. SHIELDS. The question now, if I un-
derstand it, will be upon the amendment of the
Senator from Virginia, as amended.
Mr. BROWN. Exactly.
Mr. SHIELDS. When that question is put,
and the Senate acts upon it, then can come in the
amendment of the Senator.
Mr. BROWN. So I understand it; and under-
standing that the vote on the adoption of the Sen-
ator's amendment must be taken first, I simply
give notice that when that is done I shall offer the
following:
be it further enacted, That to meet any sudden
emergency growing out of our relations with the Indian
tribes, the President is authorized to accept the services of
any number, not exceeding three thousand, volunteers, to
be organized into companies, squadrons, and battalions,
and to serve for a period of eighteen months, unless sooner
discharged. The said volunteers to be armed and equipped,
and 10 serve the Government on horse or on foot, as the
Secretary of War, with the concurrence of the President,
may direct.
•And be it further enacted, That the said volunteers shall
receive the same pay and emoluments, in all respects, as
were paid to the same class of volunteers in the service of
the United States in the war with Mexico.
I do not offer it now, but! give notice that, if the
amendment offered by the Senator from Illinois,
which has already taken the place of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia, be adopted, I
will move that as an amendment to it, and shall
ask for the yeas and nays on it.
Mr. BADGER. If Congress had paid a rea-
sonable attention to the recommendations of the
Executive branch of the Government, we should
now have been relieved from the necessity of
investigating the question in relation to the em-
ployment of volunteers. Sir, in every annual
message of Mr. Fillmore while he was President,
he urged upon Congress, in the strongest manner,
the absolute necessity of adding a small force to
the military establishment of the country—two
mounted regiments, I think. To these supplica-
tions Congress regularly turned a deaf ear. It was
supposed that that might possibly be accounted
for by the fact that Mr. Fillmore was a Whig
President, and the Congress was a Democratic
Congress, and that, therefore, recommendations
coming from such an Executive source were
received not with a desire to comply with them,
but with disfavor and disapprobation; but Con-
gress has vindicated itself from any suspicion that
it was influenced by that consideration, for it
extended to the recommendation of the President
of the United States, at the last session, an entire
disregard, with an equal impartiality of indiffer-
ence and unconcern. The consequence of this is,
that the Government being without the possession
of any regular force to meet the emergencies of
the country, is now thrown upon the necessity of
asking from Congress, and asking now by a pro-
vision in an appropriation bill, for the raising of
some military force to enable it to discharge the
duties which properly devolve upon the Executive
of the country. If it were possible, sir, that we
could learn anything by experience, these circum-
stances ought to teach us a lesson for the future.
