1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
But here we are, in this position; and the ques-
tion is, what is to be done ? Sir, I voted for the
amendment proposed by my friend from Illinois.
I voted for it, because I thought it was right. I
do not exactly understand the system of argument
by which gentlemen, who have opposed that
amendment, have undertaken to defeat us. They
have told us, in advance, that the House of Rep-
^ resentatives will not agree to it; that it will fail in
that House; and that we must, in advance, shape
our course so as to meet the supposed, or conjec-
tured, opinions of that House. Now, sir, 1 do
not adopt any such rule to regulate my conduct
here. The Senate is an independent and coequal
branch of the legislative power, with precisely the
same right to propose such amendments, or to
pass bills with such a purpose as the other branch
of Congress; and, therefore, are we to be entirely
turned from the proper course which our own
judgment may direct, by telling us that we shall
be placed in the unhappy condition of being met
by a difference of opinion in the House of Repre-
sentatives? Well, sir, that is a great calamity ; it
is a thing to be avoided, if practicable. But I do
not think it is to be avoided by a surrender of our
own judgment to the supposed opinions of that
House. It is time enough for us to consider what
course we shall adopt when we find a collision
between the two Houses which is to be reconciled
by a committee of conference. But to announce,
beforehand, that we are trembling in the course we
take, for fear we may be met by the disapproval of
the other House, is, it seems to me, to communi-
cate to that House, in advance, that it is expected,
or that it is wished, that they should not agree
with the Senate; that they should refuse what we
think it right to propose for the benefit of the
country, ard to intimate to them that, if they will
refueo, the Senate stands ready to yield at once to
the superior wisdom which enlightens and directs
their course. Sir, 1, for one, understand no such
system of legislative conduct. I voted for the
measure whfch has been adopted upon my own
judgment, enlightened by such information as I
have been able to procure from the proper Execu-
tive officers of the Government, and from the
opinions of gentlemen of large experience and
-known wisdom, who occupy seats lipon this floor.
This amendment proposes to make—what? An
addition of four regiments to the military estab-
lishment of the United States. What is that
military establishment? A military establishment
of some eleven thousand troops—to guard what ?
A frontier of eight thousand miles in extent. To
do what besides? To occupy military posts, to
which you cannot assign from this force a ser-
geant's guard. And yet, gentlemen have seemed
to suppose that this is a large, immense, and un-
called for addition to be made to the military
power of the country. Sir, I do not think so; if
the gentlemen at the head of the Executive Gov-
ernment thought that the interests of the country
required it, I would be perfectly willing to vote to
double the amount of this military force. It is
vain to talk of regulating the affairs of such avast
empire as ours with a few hundred or a few thou-
sand men. It is idle to tremble at the notion of
any danger to bj met with in a country of twenty-
five millions of men, from a military force of ten,
fifteen, or twenty thousand men. What could
they do? If they were to be directed, for one
moment, against the supremacy of the civil power
of this country, if it were attempted to use them
against the liberties and independence of our
people, though they were directed by the military
genius and unscrupulous ambition of a Napoleon,
they would be annihilated in an hour.
Aut there are other considerations that press
upo#l me. Sir, if we will have a nation embrac-
ing half a continent; if we will have internal and
external frontiers to defend; if we will stretch from
ocean to ocean, and from sea to sea, we must
necessarily multiply our military means to meet
the emergency which we have thus voluntarily
assumed. Therefore, Mr. President, I voted for
the four regiments, because I believed it was right
to do so. I would have voted for five; I would
have voted for six, if they had been asked, because,
in my soul, I cannot conceive how, in any point
of view, it would be an extravagant addition to
the Army, when I consider the necessities of the
country, the various points which we have to
defend, and the many internal enemies against
which we have to be forever on our guard.
But, Mr. President, I differ from my friend
from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,) in regard to the
character of the troops, for reasons that have been
assigned here by gentlemen far better acquainted
with the subject than I am. I am utterly opposed
to calling into service any large body of volun-
teers. 1 believe, with the Senators who have
poken against it, that, if the maintenance of
peace with the Indians be the object for which
you add to your military establishment, that ob-
ject will be immediately frustrated by calling vol-
unteers into the service. I believe what has been
said here by gentlemen of experience, whose
words carry weight, that there are no troops bet-
ter for fighting purposes than volunteers; but of all
troops they are the worst, when the object is, by
a preventive police, to keep peace upon a disturbed
frontier; and though I would yield to the Execu-
tive Government of the country every reasonable
and prompt compliance—though I would givevery
great weight to the opinions and judgment of
that Government upon questions falling within
its direction—I will not surrender the exercise of
my own personal judgment, enlightened by such
considerations as are able to reach me from wise
and experienced sources as to the character of the
orce that ought to be provided.
When my friend from Michigan, [Mr. Ciss,]
the other day, spoke in such decided, yea, and
moving terms against the horrors of bringing
the Indians into our service, for the purpose either
of protection or of carrying on war against the
savages who might be opposed to them and to us,
my heart responded to every word that he spoke.
To do so would be to take a step backwards from
the advance we have made. It would be to roll
back the whole of our progress. It would be to
instruct those people ill war, instead of teaching
them to live at peace; for if, on any occasion, we
solicit them to take up arms for any purpose—to
maintain our cause or to oppose our enemies—in
what situation shall we stand afterwards when we
endeavor to enforce upon them what has been the
whole policy of the United States, that they should
live at peace among themselves. The whole influ-
ence and power of the Government has been di-
rected to induce, or,when necessary, to compel, the
Indian tribes to be at peace among themselves. If
we employed such a force, in our own way, the
argument would be irresistible against all wecould
say. " If," the savage man mightanswer, " it is
right that we should be embodied to fight your
battles, what extremity of folly it is to say that we
have not a right to embody ourselves to fight our
own battles." And, sir, as 1 think that would be
the most wretched, inhuman, detestable policy
which could be adopted, so I think that the em-
ployment of a force of volunteers would be unwise
and mischievous, unless in a case of emergency,
where it was impossible that we could secure the
objects of the Government without it. Therefore,
sir, I am against the employment of volunteers,
and, therefore, 1 was wholly and entirely against
enlisting any Indian allies in this war, if war there
must be. But, sir, in regard to the amount and
character of the force, 1 will go as far as any man
in this or the other Chamber, to put in possession
of the President full and ample power, first, to
maintain peace, to secure the emigrant and the
traveler from aggression, to prevent aconflict with
these unfortunate and misguided Indians; and sec-
ondly, if these ends cannot be accomplished, to
put down, with a prompt and effectual hand, any
hostilities which these people may be incited or
disposed to bring against us.
I have another reason which I will mention to
my friend from Illinois. The general bill of his
which has been reported for the purpose of adding
regiments to the Army, it has been said, is to be
taken up and passed. Sir, I prefer raising those
additional regiments by incorporating into this
appropriation bill a provision such as he has
offered, and such as the Senate has agreed to;
for the bill of my friend, who is at the head of
the Committee on Military Affairs, contains many
matters besides an addition to the Army; an
alteration of the military arrangements of the
country, and an alteration of the system hereto-
fore existing with regard to the staff and other
corps, in which alterations and arrangements I
am not able to agree; to which I am opposed; and,
therefore, I shall not be able, in the shape in which
it is presented, to give my support to that bill.
For all these reasons, Mr. President, I have
voted for the proposition for the four regiments;
I shall continue to vote for it, and I shall nbt
trouble myself, in advance, to ascertain whether
the House' of Representatives, either of their own
motion, or invited or induced by what has fallen
from Senators here, shall think prope  to with-
hold their concurrence.
Mr. BROWN. By the last vote taken, Mr.
President, the Senate struck out the amendment
offered by the Senator from Virginia, and substi-
tuted in its place the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Illinois, so that the pending proposi-
tion,as I understand it, is upon the adoption of the
amendment—that now being the proposition of
my friend from Illinois.
The PRESIDENT. It is on agreeing to the
amendment of the Senator from Virginia, a*
amended by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. And that was the proposition
presented by the Senator from Illinois. At this
stage of the proceeding I understand it is compe-
tent for me to offer my amendment, the one of
which I gave notice, as an amendment to that
proposition.
The PRESIDENT. The first question will be
on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator from
Virginia, as amended by the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. But before that vote ii taken,
I can move a further amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. It cannot be amended Ijy
striking out any portion of it.
Mr. BROWN. I do not want to strike any-
thing out of it.
Mr. HUNTER. It can be amended by adding
to it.
The PRESIDENT. You must first perfect the
amendment.
Mr. BROWN. Then it will be competent for
me to move an amendment to it by way of addi-
tion.
The PRESIDENT. After the Tote has been
taken on agreeing to it, it will be.
Mr. BROWN. That is what I Wanted to know.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on agree-
ing to the amendment as amended.
The question was taken, and it was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. Now, I desire to offer my
amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator
permit the amendment for the three commissioner)
to be acted upon first?
Mr. BROWN. It does not make much differ-
ence which vote is taken now. I have no objection
to that being done.
Mr. SHIELDS. Then, I ask for a vote on the
amendment which I have offered in regard to the
three commissioners.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that a separate section ?
The PRESIDENT. It was the first part of the
amendment originally offered by the Senator from
Illinois, recommended by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, but subsequently withdrawn. He
now re-offers it.
Mr. BROWN. Will that interfere with the
offering of the amendment of which I gave notice?
The PRESIDENT. It will not.
Mr. ATCHISON. I desire to hear the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Illinois read.
The PRESIDENT. The Secretary reports
that it is not on the table. Some Senator has
taken it away.
Mr. BROWN. Then, while the Secretary is
looking for it, I will propose my amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. It is a part of the original
amendment.
Mr. ATCHISON. I will waive the reading of
the amendment. I think I understand it, and I
have no objection to it, provided it is so modified
as to confine the appointment of the commissioners
so as to take them from the Indian department.
The President of the United States can appoint
now. He can use any officer in his department,
from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs or the
Secretary of the Interior, down to the humblest
agent of the department. Now it is proposed, if
I recollect the amendment rightly, to appoint
three commissioners, without confining them to
the Indian department, and to pay them at the
rate of eight dollars a day, ana the mileage of
members of Congress. Mr. President, this thing
has been tried and failed. The Committee on
Indian Affairs, a few years since, came to the con-
clusion that this power to appoint commissioners
was abused—abused under all Administration!.
