520
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
of the country; and shall I be told that now, with
&n overwhelming majority in favor of the Admin-
istration in both branches of Congress, we shall
refuse to vote those supplies? I think my friend
from Illinois has not looked into this thing_ with
that astuteness which he usually employs in the
investigation of questions.
Every argument, every suggestion, which ap-
proaches my mind, tends to the conviction that
Congress will, if the Administration stands up
and insists that it is right we should do so, vote
atl that is asked. Four regiments as a part of
the permanent establishment are asked for, and it
is eminently proper, in view of the eight thousand
miles of exposed frontier. You are told in plain
English that your present establishment, even if
full, which it is not, would be insufficient for the
defense of the frontier; and an additional force
is asked. How much ? Four regiments. My
friend from Illinois proposed the four, and the
Senate agreed to it. But, then, in addition to that,
you are told that we want volunteers to meet an
anticipated immediate emergency. The Govern-
ment is evidently looking to an outbreak early in
the spring. It says it has not a sufficient per-
manent force, and it cannot avail itself of the
proposed increase of four regiments in time to
meet the anticipated emergency. The amendment
does not require the President to call out three
thousand volunteers. It imposes no obligation
upon him to do it. It simply authorizes him to
do it, if it shall be necessary, and, of course, to
disband them as soon as they cease to be useful.
What does he ask?
" Should the proposed increase of the Army"—
says the Secretary of War—and, mark you, his
communication is indorsed by the President—
"be authorized during the present session, it is hoped that
the two additional regiments of cavalry may be organized,
mounted, and put m position"—
to do what, sir?
" to relieve the volunteers some time during the summer or
fall."
<There you are plainly told that the two regi-
ments of cavalry, provided for by the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois, are to relieve the vol-
unteers who are to be called out on a sudden emer-
gency. Very properly the Secretary of War has
concluded that he cannot avail himself of these
regular troops in time to meet the emergency
which he anticipates in the spring; and he asks for
volunteers to supply the service until he can get
the regular force into it. He tells you, in plain
English, that as soon as he can organize the regi-
ments, which you are now proposing to raise, he
will send them to take the place of the volunteers;
and my amendment proposes to authorize him to
dismiss those volunteers whenever he chooses to
do it. He cannot take them foi a longer period
than eighteen months; and he may discharge them
when he pleases.
Now, Bir, if I can get the attention of my friend
from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] a moment—he, in
common with other gentlemen, seems to anticipate
that if you send volunteers into the country, you
must necessarily have war. I do not anticipate
that the volunteers are to be sent there until you
do have war. There must be an actual, subsisting
state of war, before the emergency arises which
authorizes the calling out of the troops; but I re-
peat—fori take this to be a matter of vast impoit-
ance to the country, one which the Senate ought
well to consider—if the Secretary is right in his
anticipation that the Indians are going to com-
mence hostilities very early in the spring, and
that the only way of meeting them is to call out
volunteers, shall you not put that sort of force at
his disposition which he asks for, in order to
meet the emergency ? My friend from Texas tells
you that you cannot organize these regiments
until the fall. Suppose war breaks out in the
spring—then what? Are the Indians to go un-
checked through the whole summer, until you can
organize the regular regiments which are to con-
stitute a part of the military establishment of the
country? That is what the volunteers are asked
for. If no emergency arises, the President will
not call them out.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have already said that the
Secretary of War stoted that he could notorganize
and discipline the regiments until the fall; but 1
have also stated the mode by which he could ac-
complish the object without them, by taking the
troops already disciplined for an emergency* and
supplying their places with recruits, and disciplin-
ing those recruits at the same time. But, Mr.
President, 1 will state to the honorable Senator,
does he not know that if we go on debating the
proposition, we shall neither get volunteers nor
regulars this session ?
Mr. BROWN. Very well; if it is the sense of
the SenUte to take a vote, I have not another word
to say. I ask for the yeas and nays upon my
amendment without debating it a single inch
further.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. If the rule by which we are
to be guided is the Executive recommendation,
and the recommendation of the Secretary of War,
undoubtedly the Senator from Mississippi is right,
because he called for both regulars and volunteers;
and I understood the Senator from Illinois, when
he introduced his proposition for volunteers, to
say, that it was essential, because the regulars
could not be raised in time. Surely, that is the
purport of the letter of the Secretary of War; and
not only that, but I understand the Secretary of
War to say that the emergency could not be met
now by regulars alone, but that a certain volun-
teer force was necessary; and it was for that
reason that 1 agreed to incorporate five hundred
volunteers in the amendment which I proposed.
If it could have been met as well by regulars as by
volunteers, I preferred the regular force, and I
should not have proposed to raise volunteers; but
I distinctly understood that, in order to meet the
emergency, in the mean time, there was a neces-
sity for a certain volunteer force. 1 was willing to
give what my amendment proposed. I was not
willing to give three thousand volunteers, and
shall not vote for them; neither am I willing to
vote four regiments of regulars.
Mr. HOUSTON. I had hoped, sir, that I was
done with this subject. The honorable Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] alluded to a re-
mark that escaped from me m the course of the
debate about recording the edicts of the Executive
here. That remark was drawn from me by one
which was made by the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs. I did remark
that we are here for other purposes, and that I
should exercise the liberty of judging for myself,
and of deliberating upon the best information that
j was furnished me. It was insisted, that because
I the increase of the Army was recommended by
j the Secretary of War, and had been brought for-
i ward for three successive sessions and not adopted
by Congress, it, ought to be agreed to at this time.
! lie alleged, as an arrangement in support of the
. position of the Secretary of War, that it would
| have prevented the destruction and massacre of
i some of our troops. Now, sir, 1 deny that. If
j we had all the troops in the United States, the
improper conduct of the military would have ren-
dered them obnoxious to the same disaster that
befell these others; so that numbers would not
have averted that; and no massacre lias taken
place within that time from any omission to in-
crease the regular or volunteer forces of the coun-
try. If aggressions have been committed, they
were by the whites. The killing of a cow is not
making: war. We are are asked, what we are to
do? These troops must be there in the event of
a war. If there is authority to call out the vol-
unteers, they will be sure to be called out. There
must be a display made. When the step is taken,
it indicates a disposition of strong military force.
Whatever may be the necessity under any other
state of facts, it is not very clear in this. Let
three commissioners be sent forthwith, with the
intelligence preceding them that they are going
there for the purpose of an interview to make
peace, that they have presents for the Indians, and
that they will require them to make certain con-
cessions, such as the surrender of the violators of
law and friendly intercourse; and, my word for it,
you will need no troops there. The one hundredth
part of what it would take to sustain the war, or
military display, that is contemplated, will make
peace with all the Indians, and give security to our
frontiers, whereas the force that is contemplated
will only produce a general war.
There has been no disposition on the part of the
Indians, until provoked, to commit aggressionson
the whites, or to retaliate. AH their acts have
been acts of retaliation, not aggression, unless
you say that killing an animal is a declaration of
war, when the chiefs have subsequently come in,
and said, "Make peace, and we will surrender the
offenders." If commissioners are sent, you will
have no war; but if volunteers, or a military force
are sent, they must distinguish themselves. A
bloodless campaign for Americans on the frontier,
and without wreaking vengeance on the Indians,
is a thing unheard of. Then, sir, send the com-
missioners with only the force necessary to pro-
tect them, and they will make peace, and it will
be kept.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Under other circum-
stances I should have no objection to the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
but should vote, with great pleasure, for it; but
I shall do as I stated I would in the remarks
which I have had the honor to make on this sub-
ject. The amendment providing for four regi-
ments has been adopted by the Senate. As that
is probably all we can accomplish, I shall vote
against the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
sissippi. I desire to secure all we can.
Mr. BRO WN. Then I will ask my friend from
Alabama a question.
Several Senators. "Ohno; letus takea vote!"
Mr. BROWN. No, I will ask the question of
my friend from Alabama: Does he mean, by that,
to imply that there is a want of patriotism in the
other House of Congress, and that, if a thing is
necessary for the national defense, it will not b?
voted ?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. By no means. I would
not cast such an imputation upon either branch of
Congress; but I believe the deliberate judgment
of a majority of Congress is not disposed to go
further than the four regiments.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Brown's amendment,resulted—ayes 13,noes
35, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Brodhead, Brown, Dawson,
JDotfge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Geyer, Jones cf
Jowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Morton, Rusk, and
\Wllor—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bell, Benjamin, Brai-
nerd, Kught, Butler, Cass, Chape, Clay, Clayton, Evans,
Fcsspnden, Fish, Fitzpatnek, Foot, Gillette, Houston,
Hunter, James, Johnson, Mason, Pearce, Petut, Reid,
Rockwell, Seward, Shields, Slidell, Stuart, Sumner,ThoiB-
son of New Jersey, Toucey, Wade, and Wright—35.
So it was rejected.
Mr. SHIELDS. I offer the following amend-
ment, to carry into effect the provisions, which
has been agreed to:
Sue. —. Jind be it further enacted, That, to enable the
Prftrident of the United States to carry into effect the pro-
visions of so much of this act as relates to the employment
ot an additional military ioree, such sum of money as may
be necessary, be, and the same hereby iss, appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER. That is an unlimited appro-
priation. He may spend millions under it; he
may pay the troops & hnndred dollars a month
each man.
Mr. CLAYTON. I shall be very glad to vote
for the necessary appropriation; but I cannot vote
for an unlimited amount. There must be some
limit.
Mr. SHIELDS. Of course there must be some
money appropriated to carry out this' enactment.
The sum proposed for raising three thousand
volunteers was $5,000,000. No such sum will be
necessary to carry this out; and, besides, the law
deteimines the amount which is necessary in this
case, although I have not had time to calculate it.
Mr. CLAYTON. I trust to the Senator to
modify his amendment, so as to say that the
appropriation shall not exceed one or two millions.
There must be some limit.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will say, "not exceeding
$1 000,000." If Senators will agree to this, I will
so modify it.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator propose
to put four regiments into the field at one million
of dollars?
Mr. SHIELDS. For the present year.
Mr. CASS. I should like to hear the amend-
ment read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Sec. — Be it further enacted, That, to enable the Pres-
ident of the United States to carry into effect the provision
of so much of this act as relates to the employment of an
additional military force, such sum of money, not exceed-
ing  dollars, as may be necessary, be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated, out of any money in tiie Treasury rot
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will insert, $ 1,000,000.
Mr. WELLER, I move to fill the blank with
§3,000,000.
