522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
the amendment. I shall endeavor to accomplish
the object in a separate bill.
Mr. JOISES, of Iowa. I offer the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the appro-
priations contained in the bill:
To complete the road from Point Douglas, on the Mis-
sissippi river, to the mouth of the St. Louis river of Lake
Superior, in Wisconsin, $34,213 50.
To complete the road from Point Douglas to FortGauiro,
now Fort Ripley, $13,494 09.
To complete the road from Swan river to the Winnebago
agency, $£,535 39.
To complete the road from Wabashaw to Mendota,
$13,171 76.
The said roads to be completed under the direction of the
Secretary of War.
To complete the road from Mendeta to the Big Sioux
river, $27,475. %
I have offered this amendment, Mr. President,
by direction of the Committee on Territories. It
was also submitted to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and approved by them. I hold in
my hand the estimates made by the Secretary of
War and the Chief of the Engineer Corps, for this
purpose. The appropriations are to complete
roads which are half finished in the Territory of
Minnesota, for which half the necessary appro-
priation was mode at the last session.
Mr. WELLER. I wish to ask the Senator
from Iowa whether these appropriations arerecom-
mended by the Secretary of War?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Yes, sir; I hold his
recommendation in my hand.
Mr. WELLER. Is there a recommendation
as well as an estimate?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Both.
M r. CASS. Are these roads exclusively within
the Territory of Minnesota?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Yes, sir; they are mil-
itary roads, altogether within that Territory.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. If no further amendment
be proposed, the bill will be reported to the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. When the bill shall be re-
ported to the Senate, and the question taken on
concurring in the amendments made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, I wish to have a separate
vote taken on some amendments which have been
put on by the Committee on Military Affairs.
One is, in regard to the superintendent of the arse-
nal at Rome, New York, by which they propose
to give him twenty dollars a month for acting as
commissary to himself, because I understand there
is nobody there but himself. I wish also to have a
separate vote on the amendment which proposes
to allow a military commission to sit in California.
Mr. BELL. I wish to ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia, whether there is any provision
in this bill regulating the description of arms the
President is authorized to buy or have manufac-
tured, with the annual appropriation of $200,000
for that purpose }
Mr. HUNTER. There is nothing in this bill
regulating it.
Mr. DELL. Ought he not to have authority
to purchase the best and most approved descrip-
tion of arms?
Mr. HUNTER. He has that authority now.
Such things have been left t® his discretion under
the existing law.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Sanator from Ten-
nessee will recollect that the President has full
control to issue, through the proper officer, orders
on the subject.
Mr. SHIELDS. My honorable friend from
Connecticut [Mr. Toucey] was not present the
other day when I offered an amendmentto change
the direction of the appropriation, made at the
last session, for the purchase of breech-loading
rifles. I understand that the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, at the last session,—I was absent at
the time,—recomrnended that appropriation. The
amendment which I proposed was to change it.
I wish now to withdraw that amendment, as I do
not desire to undo what the committee has done.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment cannot
be withdrawn, as it has been already adopted; but
when the bill shall be reported to the Senate, the
Senator can ask that it be non-concurred in.
Mr. SHIELDS. That will answer my pur-
pose.
Mr. GWIN. An amendment has been adopted
giving additional compensation to officers and
soldiers who served at Fort Laramie at the close
of the Mexican war. I move to amend that
amendment by adding to it the following:
And the provisions of the first section of the act approved
March 3, 1853, granting additional compensation to the
officers, iton commissioned officers, and privates of the
marine corps, and to the officers and men of the revenue
service tervtng on the Pacific const, in California and
Oregon, during the war with Mexico, be also extended to
the oflicers, non commissioned officers, musicians, and
privates of the regular Army, who served in California and
Oregon during the same period; and that the amount which
may be found due to them under this act shall be paid out
of any money in Hie Treasury not otherwise appropriated:
Provided, That where persons entitled under the foregoing
provision may have died, such additional compensation
shall be paid to their legal lepresentatives.
I ask the attention of the Senate, for a few
moments, while I explain the amendment.
The PRESIDENT. Is it recommended by a
committee of this body ?
Mr. GWIN. It is an amendment to an amend-
ment reported by a committee. The amendment
of the committee was to grant increased compen-
sation to one portion of the Army; mine is to
grant it to another.
Mr. HUNTER. That came from a commit-
tee; thiscumes from no committee.
Mr. GWIN. It is not necessary that my
amendment should come from a committee.
Mr. HUNTER. It is not in order, unless it
comes from a committee, or is recommended by
the head of a Department.
Mr. GWIN. The amendment which I pro-
pose is an amendment to a proposition from the
Commitiee on Military Affairs, to give increased
compensation.
Mr. HUNTER. I raise the question of order.
Is this amendment in order?
The PRESIDENT. As it is not reported by
a committee of the Senate, the Chair thinks it is
not in order.
Mr. GWIN. What, sir! Is it not in orderto
add this amendment to the one which was offered
by the Committee on Military Affairs, in relation
to the troops at Fort Laramie ? Let that amend-
ment be read.
Mr. STUART. There can be no use in taking
up time on this question. When thatamendment
of the Committee on Military Affairs was under
consideration it would have been competent for
the Senator from California to offer his proposi-
tion; but if he presents it now, it is as a distinct
amendment, to which the rule applies.
Mr. GWIN. When that amendment of the
committee was under consideration, I stated that,
at the proper time, I should move this addition to
it. I have now presented it. I hope I shall not
be ruled out of order. Let the amendment of the
committee, which was adopted, be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec.'5. JlnJ be it further cnrtJct}, That the provision*! of
the first section of the act enuiled " An act maknuj appro-
priations for ihe support of tin: Army far the year ending
Itie 30ih of June, 1851,"  pproved September 2S,
granting extra pav to the oflicers and enlisted men of the
Army seiviny in Oregon and California, be extended to the
oflicers and men composing the trairi-oii of the post of Fort
Laramie, on the Or.gon route, for the same peuod of time
a« was allowed by the >ixlh section of the act of lb ft 3d of
March, 185.'?, lo the officer* and men of the co nptnies of
the reginieti' o? mounted nfieinen ihat gairisonr-d Fort Lar-
amie; and that the provi-ton* of the same section of the
same act be al>o extended to the oflicers and men compos-
ing the cacort to the Mexican boundary commission, while
they were serving as mieh escort.
Mr. GWIN. That is an amendment granting
additional compensation. I have moved to amend
it, so as to include others in that increase. That
is the simple proposition.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will submit
the question to the Senate whether the amendment
be in order or not.
Mr. WELLER. I understand that the propo-
sition of my colleague is simply to extend the
provisions of the amendment which has been read
to another class of soldiers, who served under the
same circumstances in a different place. Itseems
to me, therefore, that it is m order.
Mr. HUNTER. I think not. It is an amend-
ment which is offered. It matters not whether it
be an amendment to an amendment, or an amend-
ment to the biil—it is an amendment, and, to be
in order, it must either be reported by a commit-
tee, or be recommended by a Department.
Mr. GWIN. I stated at the time when the
original amendment was presented, that I should
offer this amendment to it at the proper time. I
trust the Senate will not rule it out of order.
The PRESIDENT put the question to the
Senate, whether the amendment was in order, and
it was decided in the negative. So the amendment
was not received.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDENT. The question ia on con-
curring in the amendments which have been made
by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. Let me suggeet that the best
course would be to take the sense of the Senate
on all the amendments except those which may be
reserved at the desire of Senators. I b^ve already
designated two on which I desire a separate vote.
The PRESIDENT. Senators will please state
what amendments they wish to have excepted.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to exceptthe amendment
in regard to the troops at Fort Laramie, which
was read a few minutes ago.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to have the amend-
ment adopted on the motion of the Senator from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] excepted.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 have designated two which
I desire should be reserved.
Mr. SHIELDS. I Wish that the amendment
in relation to the appropriation for the purchase
of breech-loading rifles may be excepted.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
concurring in all the amendments except those
which have been reserved at the request of the
Senators from Virginia, California, and Illinois.
The amendments, with these exceptions, were
concurred in.
The PRESIDENT. The question will now be
taken on the excepted amendments in their order.
The first of them is the following:
gEC. —. Jln/l be it further enacted, That the hoard of
officers appointed under the sixth section of the act " making
appropriations for the support of the Army for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1653,"approved August 31,185-', 13
hereby amhonzed and directed, in addition to the power#
and duties already conferred upon ir, to extend its exam
(nations to claims arising from the destrucnon of p'opfrty
by the troops serving under the command of Lieutenant
Colonel John C. Fremont, in California, in the years 1846
and 1847, by Ins orders, as well as for the destruction of prop-
erty by ihe enemy, caused by the occupation of the claim-
ant's premises by the said United States troops. That the
said board is empowered to summon and examine wit-
nesses under oath, and take testimony, if necessary, m
California and elsewhere. That fur the payment ot ihe
claims reported favorably upon by the board, in its report
to the Secretary of War, dated the 5th of December, 1854,
(Executive document 8, Thirty-Third Congress, second
session,) including that numbered 197, being ihe claim of
Santiago E. Argu^lio, and amounting to $U,584, and for
the compensation of the members of said board for and
during iheir period of service as such, at a rate not exceed-
ing $3,000 per annum each, deducting therefrom their Anuy
pay, the sum of $40,548 be,and the same is heieby,appio-
printed out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated. And the Secretary of the Trea^uty is hereby
authorized and directed to pay to the ireasurer of tasd
hoard, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropiiatrd; the sum of $10,000 lor the contingent ex-
penses- of the said board, including therein office rent and
clerk hire, stationery, fuel, the payment of witnesses' fees
doty summoned by the board, at a rate not exceeding those
paid by the United States district court in California, or
elsewhere, as rhe ca-se may be, Ihe traveling expenses of
s.ud tm.ird, not exceeding sixteen cents per mile to each
member, and other incidental expenses.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the De-
partment has objected to such employment of
military officers. Indeed it seems to me that it>
would be manifestly much better to employ civil-
ians. I also learn that this board probably require
some limitation of their jurisdiction. They con-
fine themselves to ascertaining damages, and there
are cases in which damages have been ascertained,
and perhaps allowed, in favor of Mexicans, when
they were at war with us, before the acquisition
of that country. It seems to me, under all the
circumstances, that we had better not extend this
commission, until some bill is brought forward,
with proper guards, designating the class of cases
over which they are to have jurisdiction, and
what they shall allow and what refuse. At anv
rate, objection has been raised to employing ofa-
cers of the Army in this service. °
Mr. WELLER. I believe that when this
board was originally organized, the Senators from
Laitforma on this floor protested against the em-
ployment of military officeis. They preferred the
employment of civilians; but it was understood
then that the Department of War insisted that it
should be a military commission. We acquiesced
m that. It is said that the War Department has
since changed its opinion—but of that I have
no other knowledge than the information which
has just been given us by the Senator from Vir-
ginia. In regard to the other point, we desire, as
a matter of course, that whatever limitation the
public interests demand, should be imposed, if
