1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
523
there have been any claims passed on by the board
for the destruction of property bejonging to the
public enemy, 1 have no knowledge of it. The
Committee on Military Affairs have taken the
trouble to look over the record kept by the board,
and, so far as they have passed upon the claims,
the committee think their awards are fully sus-
tained by the testimony.
This amendment proposes to allow the board of
commissioners to sit in California for the purpose
of taking testimony. I am perfectly satisfied that,
if'you desire- to protect the public Treasury, if
you desire to prevent the allowance of fraudulent
claims, the only way to do it, is to enable testi-
mony to be taken in the State of California. If I
looked only to the amount of money which claim-
ants in my State were to receive from the Treas-
ury, I should be disposed to continue the ses-
sions of the board here, and not allow them to go
to California; for I know that, if they do go to
that State, they will find respectable witnesses
who will prove that fraudulent claims have been
presented. If the commissioners are compelled to
pass upon those claims on the ex parte testimony
which has been sent here, in my judgment thou-
sands of dollars will be taken Irom the public
Treasury which do not justly belong to the claim-
ants.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have very little to add to
■what has been stated by the honorable Senator
from California. This commission wasappointed
by the War Department under a law requiring
that officers of the Army should be appointed.
They have proceeded with the investigation; they
have allowed certain claims, which have been paid;
they have disallowed others; and have suspended
others for want of testimony. That testimony
ihey cannot obtain in Washington. We wish to
give them power to go to California for that pur-
pose. As the Senator from California has stated,
the object is to protect the Treasury. There are
no men who could now continue the investigation
as welt as the officers who have begun it They
undertstand it, for they have been employed upon
it for two years. If they are permitted to go to
California, they can close the whole matter in a
few months.
Mr. WELLER. I only desireto state further,
that I do not know of a single one of these claim-
ants who has desired or requested me to use my
influence for the purpose of having the commis-
sion sent to California. 1 do not suppose they
desire any such thing, but, as the Senator f im
Illinois has said, it is necessary to protect the
public Treasury.
Mr. SHIELDS. As the honorable Senator
from California has stated, the provision does not
refer to claims of Mexicans, but to claims of our
own citizens.
Mr GW1N. The proposition of the Senator
from Virginia would destroy all hope of having
these claims closed, because no civil commissioners
can be appointed now. At this late period of the
session we can do nothing in a separate bill upon
the subject, ant), therefore, the proposition of the
Senator from Virginia would amount to a post-
ponement for more than a year of any further
examination of the claims.
I wish the Senate to bear in mind that more
than seven years ago the honorable Senator from
Michigan, (Mr. Ca>s%] when he was chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, reported a bill
for the payment of these claims; but there has
been such a conflict between the two Houses as
to lead to the failure of all such propositions, so
that to this day the claims have never been ex-
amined in California, which is the proper place for
their examination. Aside from that, these com-
missioners are limited in their powers. rhey
have to report their proceedings to Congress, and
not a dollar awarded by them can be paid until
we make an appropriation.
The object of this provision is to collect testi-
mony now which will enable the claims to be dis-
posed of at once. We well know that these claims
will not die. The Senator from Delaware [ Vlr
Clayton] has been urging us to consider a bill to
provide fir claims more than fifty years old. We
should bear such facts in mind. If these claims
be left unsettled, they will not die, nor will they
diminish ii amount with the lapse of years. The
question is, whether we shall settle them now.
They have been before Congress for seven years,
and are still unsettled. If we send the board to
California, I have no doubt the claims will all be
disposed of within twelve months.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment, on which a separate vote
was asked, was the following:
Sec Jlndbe it further enacted, That the military store-
keeper at Come arsenal, New York, be allowed, from the
1st day of October, 1842, the same compensation as is
authorized by ihe act ol ihe 23d of August, 181*2, to be paid
to the store keepers at the Washington, Putt-burg, and
Watervleit arsenals, anil thai there be paid lo military store-
keeper J. S. A. Beale, twenty dollars a month lor and
during the lime he has performed the duties of commissary
and assistant commissary of subsistence, and quartermas-
ter.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that this pro-
vision puts a comparatively unimportant post on
a level with others of great importance; and it
proposes to pay a man for acting as commissary
to himself, for I believe there is no one else at the
place.
Mr. SHIELDS. I really forget the circum-
stances of the case, but I believe the allowance
was recommended by the Department.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator is mistaken
about that, for I received my information from
the Department.
Mr. SHIELDS. Then I hope the amendment
will be rejected.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment, on which a separate vote
was asked, was to insert:
Sec Jlml he it further enacted, That the appropria-
tion ol" 490,0l)U made by ihe Army app.opriation hill of
IBM, lor Ule purchase ol breech-loadn.fi rifles, shall lie ap-
plied, if the Secruary of War shall deem any application
of the same neees-.arry to tile service, to Itie purchase or
manulaciure of rifles or inut>Kets ol the best and most ap-
proved quality.
Mr. WELLER. I suppose the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs will withdraw
that amendment, as it was not authorized by the
committee, and, therefore, was not properly in
order in the first instance. The Senator from
Illinois seemed to have misunderstood the com-
mittee or the comnutteee misunderstood him.
The committee certatnly did not intend to author-
ize this amendment to be offered.
Mr. SHIELDS. My object was to give the
Secretary of War an opportunity to avail himself i
of the experience which the war in the East is
now affording in relation to fire-arms. As the
amendment was presented under a misunderstand-
ing, I aslt leave to withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT. It is not in the power of
the Senator to withdraw it at this stage of the
proceedings. The Senate can refuse to concur
in it. j
Mr. CASS. I am sorry the honorable Senator \
does not propose to repeal the appropriation re-
ferred to in the amendment. We do not want
$90,000 worth of rifles. The Secretary of War
now hits full power to apply any portion of the
appropriation for ordnance tothe purchase of rifles.
Mr. SHIELDS. I understood the committee
were willing to agree to that; but as this appro-
priation was made at the last session, we felt some
difficulty as to the power to rcpcnl it now. The
honorable Senator, I think, is right in supposing
that it was not necessary in the first place, but it
was passed last year, and I have no wish, at this
time, so disturb it.
Mr. TOIJCEY. The appropriation referred to
is one which was passed at the last session by a
very large vote of both Houses. I understand
that the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs acquiesces in the rejection of the pending
amendment, the object of which is to interfere
with that appropriation, it having been presented
under a misapprehension. That appropriation
was made for the purpose of purchasing promptly
the best arm that is now in existence—Sharp's
rifle—an arm that will double or treble the effi-
ciency of anycorpspropertousett. Iunderstand
that military men generally are in favor of action
by the Department, for the purpose of adopting
that rifle. Suie am I, sir, that if that rifle were
adopted by the two regiments of cavalry and the
five hundred volunteers, authorized to be raised
by the proposition of the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Hunter,] they would be a much more
efficient force than the four regiments proposed to
be raised by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Shields.] I hope the amendment now pending
will be rejected, as it was presented under a mis-
apprehension.
Mr. CASS. I have gone over this subject so
often that I dislike to say anything more upon it.
But, sir, let me say to the honorable Senator from
Connecticut, that the Secretary of War, now has
full authority under the appropriations for the
ordnance department to purchase what species of
arms he pleases. There is no restriction what-
ever on his power. When A comes here from
one quarter of the Union and presses the adoption
of one arm, and B from another quarter presses
another one, and C presses something else, these
pressures should be resisted. The question is,
whether you want these arms. I have repeatedly
stated that you have an immense accumulation of
arms, such as no other Government on the face
of the earth has got; and, from day to day they
are ruining in your arsenals From time to time
the Government has a sale of useless arms, and an
immense quantity are sold for little or nothing.
Perhaps the chairman of the committee can say
how many we have sold for a dollar a piece within
a short time. So we go on making arms this
year, and selling them next year.
There is nothing in the condition of the country
requiring that we should have any additional arms
at present. A great experiment is going on in
Europe which will teach us much in regard to the
efficiency of different arms. The arm of to-day
may be proved worthless to-morrow. You should
not act on the statements of inventors. The.e
never was a man who proposed anything new,
from the first invention to the last, who did not
believe his to be the best invention in ihe world,
and just as practicable as anything else could be.
Those men come here and try to induce us to
moke such appropriations as these, but, 1 say
again, you had better keep the money in Ihe
Treasury, and when it is necessary to increase
your stock of arms, do so judiciously. As I have
said, on another occasion, there are now in the
arsenals of the United States more small arms
than Napoleon had when hecommenced his great
campaign ngainst. Moscow.
Mr. TOUCEY. I concur in much that the dis-
tinguished Senatorfrom Michigan has given utter-
ance to, but in one thing I do not concur. The arms
which are in our arsenah now, are those that are
behind the times in which we live. "IheGovern-
ment does not keep up with the improvements of
the age; and because you have arms that are now
nearly worthless, is that a reason why you should
not purchase those which are the best arms in
existence? I undertake to say, from the inform-
ation 1 have fiom military men, from men ac-
quainted with this arm, that it is the best weapon
in existence for mounted men. I think that is the
opinion of the Department. It has been before the
Department for a period of more than four years,
and what I desire is, that there may be a decision
upon it one way or the other. I hope the amend-
ment that was proposed by the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, which
was moved, as I understand, under a misappre-
hension of the manner in which the original ap-
propriation was introduced into the bill of last
year, will be rejeeipd by the Senate.
Mr. MALLORY Mr. President, when the
appropriation of $90,000 was made, during one of
the closing nights of the last session, it was the
understanding, I think, of those around me, that
that sum of money was to be expended for the
purchase of Sharp's rifle. I voted for the appro-
priation at that time with infinite pleasure, because
I had, for years, been using that rifle. I am ac-
customed to it, and 1 have watched its effects in
the hands of those who are the most competent
judges in the world—the men who are called upon
to use the weapon daily. I have been long satis-
fied that it at least doubled the efficiency of the
soldier, and rendered one man equal to two, with
any ordinary weapon. I was also satisfied that
many of the arms in our public arsenals were use-
less. A portion of those arms which were deliv-
ered to the State of Florida, and were in the hands
of a company under my own direction, proved so.
They were not only useless against the enemy,
but positively dangerous in the hands of the per-
! sons using them.
Sharp's rifle is no longer an experiment. It
was used by the late Governor of Oregon, in his
journey across the plains, when he had to depend
on the rifle not only as a defense against the
enemies whom he encountered, but for the daily
procurement of food. If I mistake not, he has
