526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
Calendar on thestateoftheUnion. In my opinion,
at that time, it was a private bill, and I so ruled.
I ask leave now to have the bill transferred from
the Calendar of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union to the Calendar of the Whole
House, to which it properly belongs.
It was so ordered.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. ENGLISH asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the papers
in the case of Martin Scott, for the purpose of
reference to the proper Department of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. CORWIN asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House papers in
the case of Mary E. Kennedy, widow of John
Kennedy, for the like purpose.
Mr. FLORENCE asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the papers
in the case of Mrs. Catharine Strubing, lor the
purpose of reference to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Also, the papers in the case of Charles F. Sib-
bald, for use in the Senate.
REMISSION OF DUTIES ON CERTAIN GOODS.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to make a motion in
reference to a private bill; and in order that the
House may have a proper understanding of the
question, I beg to state that, during the last ses-
sion of Congress, I reported, from the Committee
on Commerce, a bill which was referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and placed upon
the Private Calendar. It is known as t( a bill to
remit the duties upon certain goods destroyed by-
fire in the cities of New York and San Francisco."
The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Millson]
made a motion to reconsider, which is still pend-
ing, and I now move to lay that motion to recon*
eider on the table. I will state to the House that
I make this motion with the full knowledge and
concurrence of the gentleman from Virginia.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by the
unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. FENTON. Then I hope the House wilt
give its unanimous consent. It can be disposed of
in a momenta
Mr. HAMILTON. There can be no objection
to that.
The question was taken; and the motion to lay
on the table was agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON. I addressed the Chair before
the question was taken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs pardon.
The Chair was acting on the presumption that the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Fenton] had
had an understanding with the gentleman from
Virginia relative to this bill.
Mr. FENTON. I hope the House will allow
the gentleman from Virginia to make an expla-
nation.
The SPEAKER. If explanation or discussion
arises, the Chair will decide the whole subject
out of order.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not purpose to enter
on any discussion. I have no objection to the
motion of the gentleman from New York, but I
desire to say, on my own account, that I should,
as an act of jnstice to the gentleman from New
York, have called up the motion long before,
even at the last session of Congress, in order that
the bill might be properly put upon the Calendar,
but that the gentleman himself desired I should
not do so, and I yielded to his request. I have
now no objection whatever to the motion.
The SPEAKER. Then the motion to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table is carried.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
Mr. ENGLISEi, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous notice had been
given; which was read a first and second time by
its title, as follows, and referred to the Committee
of Claims:
A bill for the relief of Dr. William F. Sherry.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana, by unanimous con-
Bent, introduced a bill to extend the provisions of
the preemption act of the 4th of September, J84I;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
THE MILWAUKEE CUSTOM-HOUSE.
On motion by Mr. FULLER, the Committee
on Commerce was discharged from the further
consideration of certain papers relative to the Mil-
waukee custom-house; and the same were referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
Mr. HENDRICKS. A few days ago, when
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Tweed] left
his seat, he asked me to renort some bills from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions. I forgot to
do so the other day. I now ask leave to report
those bills, that they may be placed upon the Pri-
vate Calendar.
There being no objection, the bills were re-
spectively read a first and second time by their
titles, as follows; referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the reliefof Joel Collins;
A bill in favor of William Bullock; and
A bill for the relief of Salvador Acardi.
The following bill was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed:
A bill in favor of Abner Merrill.
Mr. HENDRICKS (for Mr. Tweed) also pre-
sented, from the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
adverse reports in the following cases ; which re-
ports were ordered to be laid on the table:
The petition of James Harrington; the petition
of Thomas Hendrickson; the petition of E. J.
Gilbert; the petition of John Henry; the petition
of Susan Nippers; the petition of Dr. Richard
W. Stockton; the petition of Jane M. Rudolph;
the petition of Martha Swain; the petition of
James B. Langdale;the petition of Mrs. K. Sim-
mons; the petition of Samuel Wall; and the peti-
tion of J. W. Knight, of Pennsylvania.
MILWAUKEE CUSTOM-HOUSE AGAIN.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. On the motion of the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Fuller] this morning, a petition in favor of
the change of the building for the custom-house
of Milwaukie, was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means. I desire to have that action
reconsidered. The Committee of Ways and
Means have no jurisdiction over subjecis of this
sort. This matter was properly befoie the Com-
mittee on Commerce. It is a proposition to effect
changes in the building for the custom-house in
Milwaukie; and it is just as if it were a proposi-
tion to erect a new building. Therefore, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have no jurisdiction
over it. It is the Committee on Commerce which
ought to take jurisdiction, and report whether the
dimensions and character of the present building
are suited to the requirements of the custom-house,
and if not, what changes are necessary to be made
in order to make it so suited. I therefore move to
reconsider the vote by which the Committee on
Commerce was discharged from the further con-
sideration of this subject, and it was referred to
he Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. FULLER. One word in reply to the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.] It is a
question of very considerable doubt, in the mind
of the Committee on Commerce, whether, having
heretofore reported a bill recommending the erec-
tion of a custom-house at Milwaukie, the propo-
sition to effect certain changes in the building does
not properly belong to the Committee of Ways
and Means. Just as in the case of light-houses
which the Committee on Commerce report in favor
of erecting at certain points. The ordinary mode,
I believe, is for the Committee of Ways and
Means to report, in the civil and diplomatic bill,
theamount necessary for their construction. And
I am quite certain that the practice has been,
where there has been a deficiency found in the
extent or character of a building, to have that de-
ficiency provided for by the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. HOUSTON. The first appropriations made
after a law is passed authorizing the erection of a
custom-house, light-house, or other public build-
ing, are usually made by the Committee of Ways
and Means m the appropriation bills. But in this
case there is no deficiency; but the proposition is
to change the character of the building entirely
from the plans and specifications under which the
appropriation was made.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to reconsider; and it was decided in the affirm-
ative.
The question then recurring upon discharging
the Committee on Commerce from the further con-
sideration of the papers, and referring them to the
Committee of Ways and Means, it was taken, and
decided in the negative.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. What disposition will now
be made of the papers?
Mr. HAVEN. I move to refer them back to
the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back Senate bill (No.
141) for the relief of Richard Fitzpatrick, without
amendment; which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. F., from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of Mrs. Isabella Crough, mother
of the late Lieutenant Michael P. Doyle of the
15th regiment of the United States infantry; which
was read the first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. FAULKNER, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of Mar-
garet and Elizabeth Clapsaddle, heirs of John
J. Iless, praying for eighty dollars and one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land for the service® of
said Hess in the war of the Revolution;
Also, from the petition of Whitemarsh P. Sea-
brook and others, members of the company of
Edisto militia in the war of 1812;
Also, from the petition of Jacob Rudolph.
Which were severally laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HILLYER, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Lewis Benedict; which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of John Erwin, deceased; which was read
a first and second time by its title, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
Also, a bill to confirm the title of Ruhania
Whittaker and Rebecca Whittaker, to certain
lands in the State of Louisiana; which was read
a first and second time by its title, referred to &
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
On motion by Mr. HILLYER, the Committee
on Private Land Claims was discharged from the
further consideration of petitions in the following
cases: C. G. Gunter; Edward Giddings; (iaston
Turner Raoul, and Nathaniel Ewing, assignee of
the interest of II Richard; which were laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENN. I demand the regular order of
business. I have been trying for half an hour to
make a report of a private bill, but have been
unable to do so; and I now call for the regular
order of business, and will not give way to "any-
body.
SAMUEL A. BELDEN AND COMPANY.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is upon the passage of the bill for the relief of
Samuel A. Belden & Co.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and naya
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remark ,in
reference to the motion made by the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Hamilton] yesterday, that
it is not in order to refer or commit the bill, it
having been engrossed at the time the gentleman
submitted his proposition.
The question was then taken; and it wag decided
in the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, Thomas II. Bayly, Ball, Bell.
Bennett, Benson. Buig, Campbell, Carpr-nier, Caruihcr*!
Chandler, <'ha°e. Cook, Corwin, Crocker,Cullom,Thomas
iJavis, Dick, Dunbar, Eastman, Thomas D. Elior, Ether-
iage, Lverhart, Farley, Fen ton, Franklin, Goodrich, Good -
win trrey, Andrew J. Harlan, Iliester, Hill, Howe,
iJuph^, Hunt, Johnson, Kerr, Knox, Kurtz, McDoui?all.
AleIV;ur, M-Hteson, Maxwell, MayaiJ, Meacham, Middle-
swarth, Morgan, Noble, Notion, Andrew Oliver, Mnidecil
Oliver, Parker, Pennington, John Perkins, Pratt, Prin«lf,
l ur>«>nr, Reese, Richardson, Thomas Kitchey, Itowe, 8a-
bnu Sa2f', Sapp, Shannon, Shower, Simmons, William
hnmh, V\ illiain H. Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
11. Stanton, Hesior L. Stevens, John L. Tavlor.'iV.ller
Ibumon, Upbam, Walker, Walley, Blhhu B. Washburae^
