1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
527
Israel Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth, Westbrook,
Hendifcfc B. Wright, and Yates—86.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, David J,
Bailey, Barksdalo, Bocock, Boyce, Bridges, Caskie, Chas-
lain, Chr^nrmrt, Clark. Cobb, Curtis, John G. Davis, Daw-
son, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmundson, Ellison, Gamble, Goodo,
Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Sampson W. Hariis, Wiley P.
Harris, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hillyer, Houston, Dan-
iel T. Jones, G< orge W. Jones, JT. Glancy Jones, Kitt-
redge, Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, McQueen, Milhon, Morrison,
Murray, Nichols, packer, Phelps, Powell, Ready, Ruflin,
Jtu*setl, Seward, Shaw, Singleton, Skelton, Samuel A.
Smith. George W. Smyth, John J.Tavlor,Tracy, Vansant,
Daniel B. Wright, and ZollicofFer—59.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BQYCE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back Senate bill (No. 224) for the relief
of Isaac Swain, without amendment; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
orderrd to be printed.
Mr. GIDDINGS, of Ohio. I am instructed by
the Committee of Claims to report a joint resolu-
tion for the relief of William Mortohan. It pro-
vides for the payment of $36 50, which was
awarded him about twenty years ago. 1 ask that
the resolution be now put upon its passage.
The resolution was then ordered to a third read-
ing; and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. ETHER! DGE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the [louse to subnnt a resolution, which
would have been offered some time ago, but for
the reason that the paper has been lost, and haa
just been found.
Mr. EDGERTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. ETIIERIDGE. It is a resolution in refer-
ence to Ilenry Dyer, and I hope the gentleman
will not object, as the papers upon winch the res-
olution is founded have been lost for two years.
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 insist upon th« regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. HARLAN, of Ohio, it was
Ordciedy Thut the Committee on Coinincrpc l«e din-
charged from the further considei.utfm ol' the petition of
Joint P. Norton, und that the same be hud on the table.
Mr, HENDRICKS, from the Committee on j
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill f> r the relief of 1
Charles Conner; which was read a first and npcoiuI ^
time by its title, referred to a Committee of the ;
"Whole House, made tiie order of the day for to- j
morrow, and ordered to be printed. j
On motion by Mr. PULLER, it was I
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce bo dii ;
chained Irom the further consideration o| ilie p.-ution of !
Ileniy Sinalley, of Troy, New York; of the petition of |
Thomas Cnrdivell; of sundry memorials, a^Uin^that an! ]
jnj y be fummbed lor the rescue of Dr. I-'. K Kane; of the !
memorials of the Board of Trade o| Philadelphia in favor
of appropriations for a liuht hou«e on Cape lUce, and the
completion of the works of the Delaware riv«-r nod bay;
of the petition of steamboat owners and others, tor a moll-
ification of the law relative lo the clearance of vessel* en-
gaged in the coastwise trade; of the memorial of merchants,
ship-owners, pilots, Sto., of Philadelphia, for a h«bf-hou'<e
on Tinienm Island; of the petition of William Hooper;
of the petition of Miles Castin; and of the petition ot citi-
zens of Galveston, Texas, iclauvc to tbe superintendence
of the pier lights in that harbor.
Ordered, That the said petitions and memorials be laid
on th« (able.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of Wil-
lis Penriefiel, of Indiana, made a report thereon,
accompanied by a bill (No. 725) for his relief;
which bill was read a first and second tune, com-
mitted to a Committee of the Whole House, made
the order of the day for to-morrow, and the bill
and report ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. HIESTER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Fuhlic Lands be dis j
charged from the further consideration of the following bill j
and petitions: j
S. 309. An act granting bounty land to Elizabeth Sum- I
mers, widow of Cornelius Summers, a soldier of the late !
war with Great Britain. j
* The petition of Sy'vanus L Henderson ; the petition of i
Eunice Fairbanks, widow ofEIisfta Howard ; the petition of i
John Barrett; and the petition of citizens of White county,
Arkansas, in behalf of Hugh Iteed; and that the same be
laid on the table.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, from the Com-
mittee on tbe Post Office and Post Roads, 10 which
was referred the petition of Joseph Kerr, of Iowa,
made a report thereon, accompanied hy a bill (H.
R. 726) for his relief; which bill was read a first
and second time, committed to a Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and the bill and report ordered to be
printed.
On motion by Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee,
it was
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary he dia-
charged from the further consideration of the following joint
resolution, resolutions, and petitions; and that the same be
laid on the table:
II. R. No. 2. A joint resolution proposing an amendment
to tbe Constitution of the United States in regaid to the
mode of election of President and Vue President of the
United States.
Resolution;* of inquiry in regard to the expediency of di-
viding the State of Iowa into two judicial districts; and in
regard to the expediency ofdividiny Texas into two judicial
districts; ihu petitions of (J B. Lamar, of New York ; of
Abelard Gnthne; of J. B. Woodfin ; of Joseph Mahan, and
of Enoch Honeywell; the opinion of the supreme court of
Rhode Island m the case otT. W.Porr ; the petitions of
eitt/,ensof thwego county, New Yoik.ano Fulton county,
Jlbnois, iri favor of the arbitration of national difficulties;
arid the memorial of the LegMaiure of the Siateol Wiscon-
sin, relaitv? to the jurisdiction ot the United States district
court of Wisconsin.
On motion by Mr. EDDY, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be dUehsnyed irom the further consideration of the petition
of Peter bartihart, and ih u ihu same be relorred to the
Committee on Revolutionaiy Pensions.
Mr. EDDY, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to which were referred the peti-
tions of Clement Sewall. and of the heirs of Cap-
tain Frederick Schoonmuker, madeadverse reports
thereon i which were laid on the table, und ordered
to be printed.
On motion by Mr. CROCKER, it was
Oidocdy Tlml the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be discharged liom thu further eon>ideratiun ot ihe peu-
i tionh ot ilu- heirs of William Curry, deceased; ofJohn T.
{ llargrave, -md of the otlnr linrs ot Alexander Rose, de-
i censed; ami of John W. Welden, administrator of p>ti phen
(•taiiam, dcccuscd; and that uie ^uuic be laid upon the
table.
Mr. HILLYER. 1 move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar.
Mr. OUR. I hope not now. There are other
reports to be made, ami 1 trust the gentleman
will extend the same courtesy to other memters
of the House which he lias enjoyed himself.
Mr. EDGKRfON. 1 would suggest to the
gentleman Irom Georgia thai, this being objection
day, we had better leceive reports of bills, bo that
we can net upon them.
Mr. HILLYER. I would inquire of the Chair
if the bills now reported will be placed upon the
Private Calendar, and be acted upon to-day ?
The SPEAKER, They can be acted upon
to-day.
Mr. HILLYER. If not printed s
Mr. KDGERtON. They can.
Mr. HILLY Ell. Then 1 withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. CORWIN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Clatm1?, to which was referred (he peti-
tion of Caroline Fierer, the sole te.-iduary legatee
ol Charles Fierer, deceased, made a report theieon,
accompanied by a bill (No. 727) for Ins relief;
which bill was read a first and second time, com-
mitted to a Committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and the
bdl and report oidereij tu be printed.
Mr. ORR, from tiie Committee on Indian Af-
faiis, to which was referred the bill of the Senate
(No. 4(>1) entitled " An net for the relief of the
Office of Indian Affairs," reported the same with
an amendment to the title, accompanied by a
report, tn writing, thereon.
Ordered^ That the slid bill be committed to the Committee
of the Whole llou^e, made the ordt-r of ihe day lor to-
morrow, and the bill and report be printed.
On motion by Mr. ORR, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be dis-
charged from the fuither consideration of the memorial of
the Lppisduiive Assembly ot Washing on Territory relative
to the   xton^ion of >bo Indian titles to land east ot the Cas-
cade mountains, and thai the *ame be laid upon the table.
Mr. GREENWOOD, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported back, with an amendment,
Senate bill (No. 315) for the relief of Isiael
Johnson; which was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. GREENWOOD, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal of the
petition and papers of Richard Cottnl, of Alabama, from
the files ot the House, and that they be referred to tiie
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MAXWELL, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported back Senate bill (No. 437)
for the relief of John Shaw; which was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. ETHER1DGE, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a joint resolution that
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
pay to Joel Henry Dyer, who was a private ill
Captain Alexander Baler's company of Tennessee
volunteers in the Seminole war, the sum of
$820 43, in full satisfaction for the services of said
Joel Henry Dyer as judge-advocate in the regi-
ment in said war commanded by Colonel Alex-
ander B. Bradford, less the amount which has been
paid said Dyer for his services as a private in said
company; which was read a first and second time
by its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported back Senate bill (No.
430) for the relief of Henry S. Sanford; which waa
referred toa Committeeof the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I beg the indul-
gence of the House to say that the Committee on
Foreign Affairs are of opinion it is best to sub-
mit no report at thia time upon the resolution
calling for information in regard to theOstend con-
ference, which was referred to them, inasmuch as
the matters supposed to have been before it are
still pending.
On motion by Mr. INGERSOLL, the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the petitionofG. W.Pen-
fi*id, the owner of the Stanton life-boat ami Nau-
tilus life preserver; and it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. ZOLLICOFFER, the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of James
McCormtck, assignee of Robert A. Parker; which
was laid upon the table.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. To my surprise,
Mr. Speaker, my friend from Louisiana, [Mr.
Pbukins,] my colleague on the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, thinks that I have mistaken the
view$ of that committee on the subject of the
Ostend conference. 1 shall again report on the
subject the next time the committee is called.
Mr. SHOWER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, r-ported adversely on the fol-
lowing petitions; which were laid upon the table:
Petition of Allen Mead, Walter Mear, and
Henry Ann Griffen, askingcompensatiorifor losses
sustained by John Mead during the war of the
Revolution; and petition of the heirs of William
W. Wilson.
Mr. MIDDLES WARTH, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions, reported back Senate
bill (Nn. 392) granting an increase of pension to
Mrs. Frances Smtth, of South Carolina; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions, reported hack
Senate bill (No. 131) for the relief of the heirs of
Judith Worthen, deceased; which was referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, made
adverse reports upon the following petitions;
which were laid upon the table:
Petition of Mathew Vandiver, for increase of
pension as a revolutionary soldier.
Petition of Aris Ennis, of Newport, Rhode
Island, for back pension.
Potition of John C. Fmckel, only surviving son
of Dr. Philip M. Fmckel, assistant surgeon, for
compensation for services in the war of the Revo-
lution.
Petition of the heirs of Peter Guise for compen-
sation for revolutionary services.
Mr. ROWE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported adversely on the fol-
lowing petitions; which were laid upon the table:
