528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2.
Petition of the heirs and legal representatives of
John Cotton, for five years' full pay for the ser-
vices of their ancestor.
Petition of Tabitha Lester, for a pension.
Mr. EDMUNDSON, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported adversely on the
petition of the heirs^of Samuel Tibbald, for com-
pensation for revolutionary services; which was
laid upon the table.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported adversely on the fol-
lowing petitions; which were laid upon the table,
and the report accompanying the latter one or-
dered to be printed.
Petition of James Simmons, of Green county,
Tennessee, praying to be allowed back pension.
Petition of P. A. Heisely, a soldier of the war
of 1812, for pension from 1814 to 1844.
Mr. EDMUNDSON, from the Committee on
Expenditures on Public Buildings, reported a bill
for the relief of Joseph C. G. Kennedy; which
was read a first and second time by its title; re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HUGHES, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a bill to confirm to
certain persons therein named their titles to cer-
tain lands in Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin; which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDGERTON. I now move that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Arethere notsome
bills upon the Speaker's table thatare not disposed
of?
The SPEAKER. There are some four or five
private.bills upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to these
bills being put upon their passage without having
been referred to standing committees.
The SPEAKER. They are the regular order
of business.
Mr. JONES. This is objection day, is it not ?
The SPEAKER. It is; but objections only
apply in committee, not in the Houce.
Mr. JONES. I have no objection to these bills
being taken up and referred; but i object to their
being put upon their passage.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS. .
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I ask the consent of
the House to withdraw from the files of the House
the petition and papers in the case of Robert Gra-
ham, for the purpose of having them presented in
the Senate.
Mr. EDGERTON. I would inquire whether
there is not a bill pending in the House in relation
to this case?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
a bill for the relief of Robert Graham is upon the
Calendar in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. EDGERTON. I hope, then, that leave
will not be granted.
The SPEAKER. They cannot be withdrawn,
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 object.
Mr. LANE. Is a simple objection sufficient to
prevent these papers from being withdrawn?
The SPEAKER. At this stage of the proceed-
ings it is not in order to make the motion, except
by unanimous consent; and a simple objection is
sufficient to prevent the withdrawal.
Mr. LANE. I think it a rather hard ease that
the objection of a single member should prevent
their being withdrawn.
The SPEAKER.- Under the circumstances, it
is, nevertheless, sufficient to prevent their being
withdrawn.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I insist upon taking
up the bills upon the Speaker's table. The Chair
has decided that to be the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER, That is the regular order of
business; but it is competent for the gentleman to
move to go into a Committee of the W hole House,
and that motion will take precedence.
Mr. SMITH. Well, sir, I hope the gentleman
will withdraw the motion.
Mr. EDGERTON. I have no objection to
these bills being taken up and referred, with the
understanding that no motion to reconsider shall
be entertained.
Mr. SMITH. There is only a single bill that
I am particularly anxious to dispose of.
Mr. H1LLYER. Does the gentleman propose
to put it upon its passage? If he does, I shall
object, and ipsist upon the motion to go into a
Committee of the Whole House. I have no objec-
tion to all these bills being taken up and referred.
Mr. SMITH. There is a single bill upon the
Speaker's table that I am desirous should be taken
up and referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, that it may take its place upon the Pri-
vate Calendar.
Mr. EDGERTON. Does the gentleman pro
pose that the bill shall be placed upon the Private
Calendar without having first been referred to a
standing committee?
Mr. SMITH. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDGERTON. Then I object, and insist
upon my motion to go into a Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. SMITH. Well, sir, if it will remove the
gentleman's objection, I will consent to have it
referred to a standing committee.
Mr. EDGERTON. With that understanding
I have no objection to all the bills being taken up
and referred.
REFERENCE OF SENATE BILLS.
There being no objection, the private bills from
the Senate, upon the Speaker's table, were sev-
erally taken up, read a first and second time by
their respective titles, and referred to the appro-
priate standing committees. The titles are as fol-
lows:
A bill for the relief of Ephraim Hunt. Referred
to the Committee of Claims.
A bill for the relief of Mary Phelps, widow of
the Rev. Chever Phelps, deceased. Referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill for the relief of Jacob Dodson. Referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill for the relief of James Hodges Gale. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Landa.
A bill for the relief of Samuel A. Belden & Co.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that that bill be
laid upon the table. We have just passed a bill
upon the same subject.
The motion was agreed to.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
go into a Committee of the Whole House, and be-
ing taken, the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly re-solved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House (Mr. Phf.lps in
the chair) and proceeded with the consideration
of the Private Calendar. This being " objection
day," the reading of the Calendar was resumed
where it was suspended on the last objection day,
and such bills as were objected to were passed
over informally.
House bill (No. 528) for the relief of Edmund
Berger.
The bill and report were read.
The bill direeis the Secretary of the Interior to
cause a land warrant for one hundred and sixty
acres of land to be issued to Edmund Berger, or
his personal representatives, as assignee of Louis
Felden, in lieu of one heretofore issued to said
Felden on the 12th of October, 1848; and upon
satisfactory proof being made to the said Secre-
tary that said Berger is equitably entitled to a land
warrant for one hundred and sixty acres, issued to
Frederick Watzinger (or VVulzmgei) as assignee
thereof, and that a patent has issued tnereon under
any false or forged assignment, that the said Sec-
retary of the Interior shall cause another land
warrant for the same quantity of land to be issued
to Edmund Berger.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I could not un-
derstand from that report whether this bill is
introduced with the knowledge, and at. the request,
of the original claimants of these warrants—
whether the warrants had ever been in their hands
or not.
Mr. SEYMOUR. The warrants were never in
the hands of the original patentees, but this bill is
introduced by their consent. The warrants never
reached the parties at all; they went into the dead
letter office in the Post Office Department.
Mr. JONES. Then this bill proposes to trans-
fer the warrants to Berger at the request of the
original owners.
Mr. SEYMOUR. It ia to give the original
parties a legal title to the warrants.
Mr. JONES. I should like to hear the bill read
again.
The Clerk again reported the bill.
Mr. EDGERTON. As I understand it, Mr.
Berger is the assignee of the parties originally
entitled to the warrants. He became assignee
previous to the issue of the warrants, and conse-
quently the transaction was illegal. No assign-
ment made by soldiers previous to the issue of the
warrants is valid. There is no legal claim what-
ever.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman object
to the bill ?
Mr. EDGERTON. I do.
House bill (No. 537) for the relief of the heirs
and legal representatives of Captain Presley
Thornton, deceased.
The-bill directs the payment to the children of
Presley Thornton, late a captain in the Conti-
nental line of the army of the United States in the
revolutionary war, of five years' full pay, that
being the commutation of half pay for life prom-
ised by the resolves of Congress to such as should
serve to the end of the war, with interest thereon
'from 29th January, 1836.
The report was read.
Mr. DUNHAM. I object to that bill.
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN. I hope my friend
from Indiana will withdraw that objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the per-
mission of the committee, I will state that I have
had occasion to examine different applications for
commutation, and I have yet to find the first one
in which there is any justice. In all that [ have
looked into, either the parties had been paid, or
were entitled to nothing. 1 therefore object to the
bill.
House bill (No. 541) for the relief of Esther
Lovejoy.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Esther Lovejoy, widow of
Samuel Lovejoy, on the list of revolutionary pen-
sioners, and pay her the sum of eight dollars per
month, commencing the first day of January,
1854, and to continue during her natural life.
The report was read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not wish to
object to that bill; but I wish to state that, if the
claimant had been able to prove that her husband
served six months, then, under the law, she would
have been entitled to twenty dollars a year. This
bill would give her ninety six dollars a year when
she failed to prove that her husband served six
months. It appears from the report that his ser-
vice lacked three days of that time. I am perfectly
willing to place her in the position she would have
occupied if her husband had served six months.
If the bill is made to conform to the general law
covering such cases, I have no objection to its
passage.
Mr. DUNHAM. I object to that bill. There
are a great many cases in which the parties only
lacked a few days of the six months'service, and
the same rule should be applied to them all.
M r. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is this debate
in order?
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I object to it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I appeal to my colleague
to withdraw his objection. This is certainly a
very righteous case. The service lacked only
three days of the six months. Those three days
prevent the claimant from getting relief at the
Pension Office.
Mr. DUNHAM. It makes no difference in the
principle whether it lacked three days or thirty.
There are a great many such cases.
Mr. BRIDGES. Is this debate in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. Itis not. TheChairun-
oerstands that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Dunham) insists on his objection.
Mr. DUNHAM. I do.
House bill (No. 380) for the relief of Betsy
Nash, returned from the Senate with an amend-
ment.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. I object to that bill.
