THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE. OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, Sd Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1855.
New Series—No'.-34£-
Mr. BENNETT. In reference to .that bill for
the relief of Betsy Nash, I wish to raise a point
of order. The House may recollect that this bill
was made a special order for the 12ih of January
last. Now, the point of order which I raise is,
whether, that time having passed, the special order
is still in force or not ?
The CHAIRMAN. The impression of the
Chair is,;that the time appropriated by the special
order for the discussion of this bill having passed,
the bill resumes its place on the Calendar.
Mr^ BENNETT.- Then I wish to move that
this bill be made the special order for to-morrow.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection has been made
to the bill, and it must therefore lie over.
Mr. BENNETT. Who objected to it ?
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. I'did.
Mr. BENNETT. Then I hope the gentleman
from Ohio will withdraw his objection.
Mr. STUART. I do so with pleasure; but it is
certain to be-renewed by some other gentleman.
Mr. McMULLlN. Is the objection withdrawn ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. McMULLlN. Then let the report be
read.
Mr. WHEELER. I object, if nobody else
does.
Mr. STUART. The bill evidently cannot be
discussed to-day.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 merely rise to ask that
the consent of the committee be given to this bill
being considered the special order for to-morrow.
Mr. EDGERTON. I object to any special
order.
Senate bill (No. 142) for the relief of Don B.
Juan Domercq.
The bill directs the Secretary of War to exam-
ine and investigate the claim of Don B. Juan
Domercq, a Spanish subject, for a quantity of
tobacco belonging to him, and taken and used for
purposes of defense, by order of Colonel Childs,
at the siege of Pueblo, in Mexico, in 18-17, and
to allow and pay said Domercq for so much of
said tobacco, not exceeding in quantity seven hun-
dred and twetuy-one bales, and at a price not ex-
ceeding twenty-four dollars the bale, as shall be
proved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of War
to have been destroyed or lost in consequence of
its being so taken and used. The Secretary of
War is also directed to allow and pay said
Domercq damages for the injury done to ei^lu hun-
dred and twenty-three bales of tobacco, returned
to him after being used in barricading the streets,
See,, of Pueblo, provided the damage shall be
proved to the satisfaction of the said Secretary,
and that the amount allowed shall not exceed one
dollar per bale.
The second section provides that such sum as
may be SO allowed and paid shall be in full satis-
faction of any claim upon the Government of the
United States.
The report of the Senate Committee of Claims
was read. It states that the claim has been here-
tofore twice examined by successive committees,
and favorable reports made thereon, and, in each
instance, the bill reported by the committees has
passed the Senate, but has failed to receive any
action in the other branch of Congress. The
committee refer to the report of the Committee of
Claims 28th of January, 1851, and concur therein.
This latter report recounts the following facts on
which the claim is founded:
General Worth, commanding the advance of
the Army under General Scott, entered Puebla,
in Mexico, in May, 1847, and finding a quantity
of tobacco stored in that city belonging to the
Mexican Government, caused it to be seized and
sold for the benefit of the United States. The
whole quantity, two thousand and eighty-one
bales, was accordingly sold at public auction by
Major Alien, of the quartermaster department, to
"Mr. L. S. Hargous, at ten dollars a bale, amount-
ing to §20,810. Mr. Hargmis paid Major Allen
$5,500 in cash, and the balance in supplies for the
Army, for which Major Allen has duly accounted.
On the sixth of June following, Mr. Hargous
34
sold the two thousand and eighty-one bales of to-
bacco to Don B. Juan Domercq, the claimant, for
twenty dollars a bale, amounting to $41,6*20. It
appears that thirteen hundred and twenty-five
bales of this tobacco were, at the times of the sales
aforesaid, deposited in the quartel (public barracks)
of San Josg, occupied by the American troops,
and tne remainder in other places in the city.
It appears, also, that two hundred and nineteen
bales of the tobacco deposited in other places than
the quartel were, some time in August following,
deposited by the claimant in house number six,
Second street, of San Jose, near the quarters of
Colonel Childs. The thirteen hundred and twenty-
five bales, and the two hundred and nineteen bales,
were locked up, and the claimant had the keys.
The claimant alleges—and there is no evidence
in the case contradicting his allegation—that the
whole quantity of tobacco deposited in each of said
places remained there till seized, by oider of Col-
onel Childs, at the time of the siege of Puebla by
the guerillas, in September following. At the time
of that siege, Colonel Childs, being informed that
the tobacco deposited at number six, Second street,
San Jose, was Mexican property, ordered it, as
well as that deposited in the quartel, which he
supposed to belong to the United States, to be
taken and used in constructing parapets on the
houses, in barricading the streets, and in fortify-
ing the quartel. Colunel Childs made a statement
verifying that of the claimant.
It further appears that soon after the siege, Col-
onel Childs directed Uuartermaster Webster to
advertise and sell the tobacco that remained; and
five hundred bales wereaecordirigly sold attweniy-
two dollars a bale, which were again sold by the
purchaser for twenty-four dollars a bale. Colonel
Childs being informed by Dr. Schadler and the
Spanish vice-consul of Mr. Domercq's claim to the
tobacco, e ordered the sale to be stopped, and that
all that remained on hand be delivered to the claim-
ant. Under this order, three hundred and twenty-
three bales were delivered to the claimant. Soon
afterwards, the five humhed bales which had been
sold as above stated, were recovered back, and de-
livered to him—making, in all, eight hundred and
twenty-three bales of the one thousand five hun-
dred and forty-four bales originally deposited in
the quartel and house number six, and leaving a
deficiency of seven hundred and twenty-one bales.
Evidence was taken before the committee to
show that, at that time, tobacco was selling in
Mexico at from six to seven dollars thearroba,or
twenty-five pounds. An arroba being a quarter
of a bale, the committee recommend that the
amount allowed do not exceed twenty-four dollars
per bale.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
House bill (No. GIG) for the relief of Richaid
Fuzpatrick. [Objected to by Mr. Edgerton.]
Senate bill (No. 277) for the relief of Theresa
Dardounc, widow of Abraham Dardeune, de-
ceased, and their children.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. EDGERTON. I would inquire of the
gentlemen who reported this bill, if these appli-
cants have not received, and had refunded to them
by the Land Office, the money which they paid
for the land ?
Mr. WARREN. They have not.
Mr. EDGERTON. Then, 1 will say, if they
will make application to the land office the money
will be refunded to them. The General Land
Office law requires that the money shall be re-
funded in such cases by that office.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, Will that
indemnify them ? They want indemnity.
Mr. EDGERTON. Indemnity is what this
Congress ought not to grant, and if this bill is to
indemnify them 1 object to it.
The bill, being objected to, was laid over under
the rule.
House bill (No. 609) for the relief of Henry
H. Marsh.
The bill and report having been read, the bill
was laid aRide to b- reported to the House with a
recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 244) for the relief of E. J, Mc-
Lane.
The bill requires the proper accounting officer
of the Treasury to pay to E. J. McLane, or his
legal representative, the sum of $1,692 45, being
compensation for his services and expenses as
inspector of the customs in the collection district
of Brazos de St. Jago, Texas, while seizing ami
detaining horses and mules, smuggled into the
United States from Mexico, provided he shall
produce, before the accounting officers, satisfactory
vouchers for the same, or to allow and pay such
part as shall be so vouched.
Prom the report which was read it appears that
the petitioner, E. J. McLane, being an officer of
the customs duly qualified, to wit: an inspector
pro tem., on the 16th of March, 1852, received the
following instructions from Robert B. Kingsbury,
deputy collector of Brownsville, Texas: "You
are hereby commanded to take into custody any
animals which you may have good reason to be-
| lieve have been imported from Mexico, in viola-
| tion of the revenue laws of the United States. If
| you should at any time take into possession any
1 animals for an alleged violation of the revenue
' laws, you will report the fact to me forthwith.
You will be careful, before detaining any animals,
to be in possession of such evidence as will show
good probable cause for such detention and seiz-
ure." On the 38.h of March, John S. Rhea, the
collector at Point Isabel, approved the employ-
ment of the petitioner, under the circumstances of
the case as st^ed by Kingsbury.
In pursuance of his employment and instruc-
tions, the petitioner engaged assistants, pursued
the animals, overtook and seized a part of the
same, and made report of his proceedings to the
said deputy collectoi, who, by the papers in the
case, compliments the petitioner for his energetic
and faithful conduct, and adds that the operations
of the petitioner were perceived in the increase of
duties on animals.
It also appears that said petitioner was engaged
in the office of inspector of customs from the 16th
of March to the 3d of June, 1852, and a detailed
report of his proceedings shows that he exerted
himself to discharge the duties of his office, and
the great opposition he encountered from certain
citizens of Texas through the State courts.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that the same do i
House bill (No. 618) for the relief of Richard
White and Samuel Sherwood. [Objected to by
Mr. Vansant.J
Senate bill (No. 471) for the relief of J. H. F.
Thornton, Lawrence Taliaferro, and Hay T. Tal-
iaferro, sureties of D. M. F. Thornton, latea pur-
ser in the Navy of the United States.
The bill and report were read in extenso.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, t object to the
principle of releasing sureties. Bonds are thus
made void and invalid; and 1 domot see why, if
we do it in one case, we should not do it in all.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What is proposed
by the bill has been done repeatedly during the
present session.
Mr. BRIDGES* It ought never to be done.*
Mr. JONES, I object to the bill.
House bill (No. 619) for the relief of Joseph
Ridgway.
The bill and report were read in extenso,
Mr. BRIDGES. Understanding this case em-
braces the principle involved in the bill just ob-
' jected to, I object to it.
I Joint resolution (No. 41) for the relief of John
I'Dugan.
| The resolution, which was read, provides that
i the Secretary of the Interior shall issue to John
| Dugan, late a private in company C, Mississippi •
| volunteers, m the Mexican war, a bounty land
I warrant for one hundred and sixty acres of land;
