mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February %
and also that the proper accounting officer of the
Treasury Department shall pay to the.said John
Dugan the arrears of pay and. extra pay that
would be due to him, as thoughjt had not been
marked opposite his name on the rolls of said
company, " absent without leave."
By the report, which" was read in extenso, it
appears that the petitioner was a volunteer in the
war with Mexico, and served as a private in
company C, Mississippi volunteers. He was
mustered into service on the 3d of June, 1846, at
Vicksburg, Mississippi, for twelve months, and
■was " absent without leave" from the 20th of May
following, thus reducing the period of his service
about twenty days. It is proved that the memo-
rialist was a good soldier, and acted well in the
Rattles of Monterey and_ Buena Vista. The me-
morialist states that he" was too unwell to leave
Monterey when the regiment was ordered to
Brazos Santiago, preparatory to embarking for
the United States. Captain Willis says this was
probably so; but if it were not so, " his staying
at Monterey cannot be regarded as desertion, as
the whole regiment was virtually disbanded" the
moment General Taylor ordered it home. The
Hiemorialist performed his duty well; and his
failure to return home with his regiment, in pref-
erence to remaining in a hostile country, should
not be regarded as at all equivalent to an act of
desertion, as his own safety, and not the interests
of the Government, was involved by his conduct.
His meritorious conduct in battle, and "the fact
that he did not separate himself from his regiment
until it had performed the duties for which it was
organized, and had been ordered home, are suffi-
cient to cause the committee to Recommend the
adoption of a resolution in compliance with the
prayer of the petitioner.
The joint resolution was laid aside to be reported
to the House, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
House bill (No. 620) for the relief of Roswell
Minard, the father ofTheodore Minard, deceased.
[Objected to by Mr. Edgerton.]
House bill (No. 621) for the relief of the legal
representatives of William A. Christian. The bill
and report were read. The bill directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to allow to
purser William A. Christian, in the settlement of
his accounts, the sum of $2,643 74, being the
amount disallowed him in fprmer settlements of
his accounts for payments made to the warrant
officers of the United States steamship Princeton.
From the report it appears that the memorialist,
on assuming his duties on board the United States
steamer Princeton, a regular transfer was to him
made, by Purser Upshur, of the accounts of the
officers and crew of that vessel. Among these were
the accounts of officers having acting appoint-
ments, namely: C. C. Bartling, acting sail-maker,
William Taylor, acting boatswain, and James H.
Conley, acting carpenter, to whom the memorial-
ist continued to pay their salaries, as it had been
done by his predecessors, Pursers McBlair and
Upshur, on whose books they had previously
been borne. The memorialist states that he knew
the appointments of these officers had been made
with the approbation of the honorable Secretary
of the Navy, and rio orders had been received
from the Navy Department, or from Captain
Stockton, for their discharge from the service
after the passage of the act of June 17, 1844, they
being still continued in the performance of their
respective duties.
Under the belief that they were properly in the
service, Purser Christian therefore paid them the
amount of compensation appertaining to officers
of their respective grades.
A proviso in the Navy appropriation act of
August 4, 1842, prohibited any increase of the
officers of the Navy beyond the number in the re-
spective grades that were in service on the 1st day
of January, 1842. As the warrant officers paid
by Purser Christian had been employed in viola-
tion of this restriction, the Fourth Auditor very
properly refused to allow a credit for the items of
disbursement covering their pay.
It is believed, from the testimony presented,
that Purser Christian made the payments under
an honest belief, founded upon reasonable grounds,
that he was bound to do so, and that the pay-
ments were legal. No other person than the
Secretary of the Navy was authorized to determine*
when the complement of officers in any particular
grade was full; and the fact of his authority to
Captain Stockton to make these appointments,
indicated to all the subordinates of the department
that the list of the grade mentioned was not full,
' and that the appointments were legal. Whatever
fault there was in tlje transaction, was on the part
of the acting Secretary of the Navy, who disre-
garded the existing law.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 622) for the relief of Sarah
Morriss, only heir of Robert Mitchell, deceased.
The bill was read in extenso. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to Sarah Morrjss,
wife of Robert Morriss, and only heir of the late
Robert Mitchell, who was one of the captors of
the Algerine vessels taken by the American squad-
ron under the command of Commodore Decatur,
the sum of $123 73.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
House bill (No. 623) for the relief of William
Brown.
The bill was read in extenso. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Interior to cause the name of Wil-
liam Brown, of the county of Green, and State of
Tennessee, to be placed upon the roll of invalid
pensioners of the United States, at the rate of six
dollars per month, from the 5th of July, 1854, for
and during his life.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
House bill (No. 624) for the relief of James
Mclntire.
The bill directs the Secretary of'the Interior to
place the name of James Mclntire, of the county
of Franklin, in the State of Virginia, on the roll
of invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, commencing on the 13th January, 1854,
and to continue during his natural life.
The report having been read, the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House.
House bill (No. 625) for the relief of Solomon
La Follett.
The bill provides that the claimant shall receive
sixteen dollars per month, instead of eight dollars
per month, which he is now receiving as an invalid
pensioner, the increase of pension to commence
March 31, 1854.
The report having been read, the bill was laid
aside to be reported to the House.
House bill (No. G26) for the relief of Elizabeth
Foreman.
The bill directs the.name of Elizabeth Foreman,
of the State of Maryland, to be placed on the roll
of pensioners at the rate of four dollars a month,
and to continue for ten years from the 3d of Au-
gust, 1854.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported_to the House.
House bill (No, 627) for the relief of Thomas
C. Ramsey and Ananias 0. Richardson.
The bill provides that instead of the pensions
now received by Thomas C. Ramsey and Ana-
nias 0. Richardson, of the State of Tennessee,
they shall each receive sixteen dollars per month,
the increase of pension to commence on December
19, 1854.
The report shows that the claimants served
gallantly in the Mexican war, and both lost their
right arms at the battle of Monterey.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend the bill so
as to make it embrace JamesMcLaughlan, of the
State of Virginia. It is precisely a similar oase.
He lost his right arm in one of the battles during
the war of 1812, under General Harrison. He
has been receiving only eight dollars a month.
His case has been before the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say to the commit-
tee that f have examined the case 
Mr. W1TTE. 1 object to the bill.
House bill (No. 628) to repeal an act entitled
"An act for the relief of George M. Bentley, of
the State of Indiana," approved August 5, 1854.
Mr. HENDRICKS offered a substitute for the
bill, providing that no pension should be paid to
the claimant under the act passed last August for
his relief, until he siioula have proved his rigEUp
a pension according to the rules of the Pension
Office. ' - ;
The substitute was adopted; and. the bill w'as
then laid aside to be reported, to the House.
House bill (No. 629) for the further relief of
Isaac Allen, of Turner^ in the State of Maine,'
  The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
cause to be paid to Isaac Allen, of Turner, in the
State of Maine, the sum of two dollars per month
during his natural life, to commence Januery 25,
1853; this sum to be in addition to the four dollars
per month granted him by the act approved March
3, 1845.
The report, which was read, states that Allen
was placed on the pension roll by special act of
Congress, approved March 3, 1845, at the rate of
four dollars per month, in consideration of disa-
bility contracted in the war of 1812, while serving
as a private in Captain Herrick's company, Col-
onel McCobb's regiment. His disability has since
increased to three fourths of a total disability.
Had Mr. Allen been placed on the pension roll
under the general law, his pension would have
been increased as soon as he should have produced
satisfactory evidence to the Commissioner of Pen-
sions of the increase of his disability; but as he
was pensioned by special enactment, the Commis-
sioner did not feel authorized to allowthe increase.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 630) for the relief of Wyatt
Griffith, of Washington county, in the State of
Tennessee.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place on the pension roll the name of Wyatt
Griffith, of Washington county,in the State of
Tennessee, and cause him to be paid eight dollars
per month during the term of his natural life, to
commence on the 20th of June, 1854.
The report states that Griffith enlisted as a pri-
vate soldier at Ashe court-house, North Carolina,
under Lieutenant Wily Gordon, on the 8th of Sep-
tember, 1814, and served in Captain Brannan's,
afterwards Captain Parker's company, Colonel
Hamilton's third rifle regiment of North Carolina
infantry, duringthe war with Great Britain. And
for this service bounty land warrant, No. 8291, for
one hundred and sixty acres was issued to Mm on
the21st of January, 1817. While marching from
North Carolina - towards the Canada frontier,
about the 1st of December, 1814, from fatigue and
exposure he took cold, which settled into rheuma-
tism, and disabled him from service most of the
time until his discharge, and which still affects
him. The disability consists of a collection and
hardening of humors in the right hip joint, which
has dislocated the joint, and totally disabled him
for life. The evidence, though satisfactory to the
committee, would not, under the rules of the Pen-
sion Office, entitle Griffith to a pension; and there-
fore his case appears to be one proper for special
legislation.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 192) for the relief of Amos
Knapp.
Mr. EDGERTON. I understand that the
Committee on Invalid Pensions has reported that
bill with a recommendation that it do not cass.
The CHAIRMAN. That is so.
Mr. EDGERTON. And is not that sufficient
objection ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would state to the Chair
and the committee, that this case has been exam-
ined by the Committee on Invalid Pensions. That
committee would not recommend its passage, but
leave it to the House, to dispose of it as it may
think proper.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to make an ex-
planation in reference to the bill.
Several Members. There has been no objection
to it, J
Mr. LETCHER. Why, I understand that the
Committee on Invalid Pensions has objected to it.
i'e ^^AIRMAN. Yes; but the Chair under-
stands that objection must be made here.
Mr. FLORENCE. The chairman of the com-
mittee says that it is a mistake in the record
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I object to it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, I understand
