1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
that objection has been made by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bridges] to bill 619, and
that he is willing to wfthdraw his objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will sus-
pend till Senate bill, No. 102, is disposed of. Is
this bill objected to?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir; I object to it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I understand
the gentleman who objected to House bill (No. 619)
for the relief of Joseph Ridgway, is willing to
withdraw his objection.
Mr. BRIDGES. 1 objected to the bill because
I am opposed to the general principle of releasing
sureties when they give their bonds. I under-
stand that the bill in this case gives the Secretary
of the Treasury the power to compromise the
case, because it' a suit were pressed with vigor
against the sureties, nothing could be obtained. 1
therefore withdraw my objection.
There being no further objection, the bill was
laid aside, to be reported to the House with a
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. W1TTE. I withdraw the objection [ made
to House bill (No. G27,) for the relief ofThomas
C. Ramsey and Ananias O. Richardson.
Mr. LETCHER. To avoid all difficulty about
it, I withdraw the amendment I offered.
There being no further objection, the bill was
laid aside to be reported to the llouse, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 rise to ascertain
who it was that objected to Senate bill (No. 252)
for the relief of the personal representatives of
William A. Slacum.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inform the
gentleman from Virginia that we have not been
considering that case to-day.
Mr: BAYLY. It was objected to on a former
day.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that it
is too late to go back to the business of a former
" day; and the Chair begs leave to say that it is
very desirable the business should be proceeded
with and finished in the regular order of the
Calendar.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Lf.tciier]
to a case which we have just passed—Senate bill
(No. 192) for the relief of Amos Knapp. The com-
mittee would not recommend the passage of the
bill, for the reason that it was a departure, to some
extent, from the principles of the general pension
laws.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish merely to explain
the matter, as no report accompanies the bill, 1
will briefly state the facts of the case, so that the
House may understand it.
In 1848, Mr. Knapp filed his petition in Con-
gress, asking for a special act to be passeirfor his
relief. The proof was completed, as he and his
friends supposed, and there never was any change
in the proof in support of his case, exocpt that
the member of Congress from" his district certified
to the credibility of one or two witnesses. The
case was the same in 1848 as it was in 1852, when
a bill passed the Senate for his relief, it has been
the policy, in granting pensions, to give relief
from the time the proof was completed in Con-
gress, and I think in this case the change of proof
was so slight  
Mr. FAULKNER. I object to debate.
The CHAIRMAN. The next business in
order is the consideration ot joint resolution (No.
42) for the relief of George VV. McCerren.
The resolution and report were read.
The resolution directs" the Secretary of War to
adjudicate and settle the claim of George W.
McCerren, for such bread, beans, and pork, or
bacon, in barrels, as were taken out of the pos-
session of McCerren, in 1847, by order of the
commanding officer of the United States army in
command at Brazos Santiago, and used in the
construction of Fort Harney; and provides that
the value of said articles or provisions, when
ascertained by the Secretary of War, with interest
thereon from the date of their seizure, shall be
paid to George W. McCerren, out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
From the report it appears that, in-the early
part of 1847, the petitioner was the owner of sev-
eral hundred barrels of hard bread, a lot of pork
in barrels, and a few barrels of beans; that these
articles had been previously purchased by the
petitioner at a public sale made by the proper
officers of the Government, the same being sold
as damaged. The petitioner seems to have been
engaged in the business of purchasing such pro-
visions as were considered unfit for the use of the
army, and transporting the same to New Orleans.
It appears that about this time a report reached
Brazos Santiago that the Mexicans, in great force,
were crossing the Rio Grande at Matamoras,
which caused the officerin command at the former
place to order the construction of foitifications for
the defense of the post. Under this order the
provisions above mentioned were used in the con-
struction of Fort Harney, and wholly lost to the
memorialist, without any fault of his own.
Mr. ETIIERIDGE. The resolution was re-
ported by the Committee on Military Affairs, of
which I am member. I move to strike out the
words," with interest thereon from the date of their
seizure."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. FAULKNER. I was understood, a short
time since, as objecting to the claim of Amos
Knapp. My objection was to the discussion, and
not to the claim.
Mr. H UNT. It has been passed.
The CHAIRMAN. It has been passed, and
it is not in order to go back upon the Calendar,
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. HUNT. I object.
Mr. FAULKNER. But the Chair misunder-
stood me in supposing I objected to the claim. I
I simply objected to the discussion being continued.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair did mis-
| understand the gentleman; and, if there be no
| objection, the committee will resume the considcr-
; ation of the IjiK1 for the relief of Amos Knapp, and,
if not further objected to, it will be laid aside to be
renorfed to the llouse.
"Mr. HOWE. I object.
House bill (No. (1)2) for the relief of Medford
Cuffey, of the Slate of Tennessee.
The lull directs the Sewetary of the Treasury
to pay to Medford Cafl'ey, of the State of Ten-
nessee, filOO, in full compensation for his horse
and equipage, lost in the Seminole campaign in
the year 1818.
From the report, which was read, it appears
th-it Medford CullVy was a private in the company
of Captain Hugh Kirk, of the first regiment of
j volunteer mounted gunmen from West Tennessee,
; in the expedition against the Seminole Indians, in
I 1HIH; " that he entered the service on the 31st of
| January, 1818, with a horse and equipage valued
I at $100; and that he lost his horse in the service
J on the 8th of May, 1818, by reason of forced
i marches and want of forage, not furnished by
; Government,and not by any neslectori his part."
Those facts appear from the otHcial certificate of
Captain Kir!:, which is certified by R. II. Dyer,
coloncl commandant of said regiment. They are
a No verified by the affidavit of Captain Kirk, on
file.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the llouse, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
House bill (No. (Jfi3) for the relief of Paul S.
Ridgway.
The bill requires tlie Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Paul S. Ridgway upon the
pension roll, and cause to be paid to him the sum
of eight dollars it month for and during the term
of his natural life, commencing June], 1834.
From the report, which was read, it appears
that Paul S. Ridgway was a volunteer in Ojptain
John Sharp's company of volunteers at the battle
of the Thames, in the last war with Great Britain,
ill which action he received a wound from a mus-
ket shot—the ball passing through the leg a short
space above the ankle; that Ridgway again entered
the service of the United States as a private in
Captain Gill's company, Colonel Miller's regi-
ment of infantry, August 16, 1814, and was hon-
orably discharged at Chillicothe, Ohio, in 1815,
after peace was established, for which service a
warrant for one hundred and sixty acres of bounty
land was issued to him; that at one time during
this service, when carrying a message across the
river Thames on the ice, he broke through, and
was wet from head to foot; but*that he proceeded
and delivered his message, and, in consequence,
had one of his feet frozen. At another time,
while firing at a target with a six-pounder, in con-
sequence of a premature discharge, the cannon
struck him in its recoil, producing a slight rup-
ture. He is now eighty years of age, and the
effect of these injuries has totally disabled him.
He forbore to ask a pension until the year 1850,
when poverty and inability to earn a livelihood
compelled him Jp make application to the Com-
missioner of Pensions for relief. He was then
unable, by reason of the death and removal of his
officers ami fellow-soldiers, to produce the testi-
mony required in the Pension Office to establish
his claim.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
House bill (No. GG9) granting a pension to
Joseph McCormick.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not like to object to
that bill, but it is supported by evidence which
would not be sufficient to support any case which
has passed Congress since I have been a member
of the Committee on Invalid Pensions. I object.
Joint resolution (No. 45) for the relief of James
Hughes.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary of
War to adjudicate and settle the claim of James
Hughes, of Madison county, Tennessee, for such
clothing as was furnished by him to the company
of volunteers engaged in the Seminole war, com-
manded by Captain Alexander D. Bradford, and
afterwards by Captain Jesse McMahon, and that
the value of said clothing, when ascertained by
the Secretary, shall be paid to said Hughes.
From the report, which was read, it appears
that about June, 1836, a company of volunteers
commanded by Captain Alexander B. Bradford,
wtis raised at Jackson, Tennessee, for the Semi-
nole war; that said company did serve during the
period of enlistment in the suppression of Indian
hostilities in Florida, and were discharged at the
expiration of that period. It appears that after
said company was organized, the memorialist, at
the request of the officers, furnished clothing for
said company, which clothing was worn by those
to whom it was furnished while in the service of
the Government in the Seminole war. It also ap-
pears that the memorialist lias not, been paid. The
above foots are very fully established by the tes-
timony of the officers of said company.
No objection being made, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
House bill (No. G32) for the relief of Frederia
Grilfing. [Objected to by Mr. Mace.]
Senate bill (No. 346) for the relief of the heirs-
at-Iaw of William Van Wart, deceased.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Interior be, and he is hereby,
directed to pay to the heirs-at-law of William Van
Wart, deceased, late a pensioner of the United
States, a sum equal to forty dollars per annum,
from the 4t.h of March, 1831, to the date of the
death of the deceased.
From the report, which was also read, it appears
that William Van Wart, deceased, father of peti-
tioners, enlisted and served during the entire war
of the Revolution; that among other important
services rendered by him was the giving auch in-
formation to Paulding, Williams, and Isaac Van
Wart, (his brother,) as led to the arrest of Major
Andre by them; that he was, for twelve months,
imprisoned in loathsome British prison ships, and
upon his release again joined the Army, and at
the close of the war was honorably discharged.
In 1834, William Van Wart, deceased, made
application to the proper department for a pen-
sion, claiming a service sufficient to entitle him to
ninety-six dollars per annum. Owing to some
deficiency in the proofs presented with the appli-
cation, the Commissioner of Pensions decided chat
he was entitled to but thirty dollars per annum,
and accordingly placed his name on the pension
roll at that rate, to date from the 3d of March,
1831. For some reason, not fully explained, the
deceased never received the bounty land, to which
he was also entitled.
The prayer of the petitioners, his heirs-at-law,
now is, that a special act of Congress may be
passed, giving to them the difference between
thirty dollars per annum, the amount received by
