5U
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February %
deceased, and ninety-six dollars per annum, the
amount to which they claim he was entitled; also
that they may be granted the bounty land to which
he was entitled, and for which they allege he ap-
plied, but did not receive.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
from the bill the words " heirs-at-law," and in
their place to insert the word " children."
We have never passed a bill gving to heirs-at-
law any pension due to revolutionary soldiers. If
the pensioner dies leaving arrears of pulsion due
him, none but his children can get it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do
Mr. MACE. I withdraw my objection to
House bill (No. 682) for the relief of Frederic
Griffing.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to going back.
House bill (No. 696) for the benefit of the heirs
of Philip R. Rice, deceased.
The bill provides that there be paid to the heirs
of Philip R. Rice, deceased, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of #3,450, in full payment for the loss of a vessel
in the service of the United States, during the war
of the Revolution.
From the report which was read, it appears
that Philip R. Rice, while a resident of King
William county, Virginia, in the year 1781, was
the owner of a small trading vessel, the cost of
whieh was $2,200; that shortly before Lord Corn-
waljis took possession of Yorktown, he, with two
of his servants, who composed the crew of the
vessel, was trading 'in the York, Potomac, and
James rivers, and that while thus engaged, he,
together with his two servants and vessel, was
pressed into the service of the United States by
the press-masters, Robert Radford and Micajah
Crews, for the purpose of transporting munitions
of war, military and quartermaster's stores, from
the town of Cumberland to Taylor's ferry, which
duty was performed under the direction of said
press-masters, they being with him, and superin-
tending the loading and unloading of the cargo;
that he was then directed by them to go to New-
castle, and load with flour from Colonel Simm's
mill, and with cannon and shells, and pork, and
transport the same to York; that in accordance
with their direction, he repaired to Newcastle and
loaded, and on his return, before he reached
Goodman's Island, he was attacked by the Brit-
ish, who, since he had left Taylor's lerry, had
taken possession of Yorktown; that the enemy's
force was so well provided with field artillery,
that, to effect his own escape, and that of his
crew, he was compelled to scuttle the vessel to
prevent the cargo from falling into the hands of
the enemy, and escape (himself and crew) in a
skiff; that the vessel went down shortly after
they left her, and was afterwards destroyed by
the British, but that they (the British) got no part
of the cargo, as he believes.
He further states, that the vessel was worth
§2,200; that the vessel, himself and hands, were
in the employ of the United States after the im-
pressment, and until she was thus taken by the
enemy, from three to four months; that he has
never, directly or indirectly, received any com-
pensation whatever for the loss of his vessel, or
the services of himself and crew; and that in his
old age and decrepitude he appeals to his Govern-
ment for a remuneration for his loss and his ser-
vices during the period above stated.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Senate bill (No. 356) for the relief of George
Dennett, of Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That bill is accom-
panied by the recommendation of the committee
to which it was referred, that it do not pass. I
move that it be laid aside to be reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do not
pass.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDGEUTON. I objected to House bill
(No. 620) for the relief of Roswell Minard, the
father of Theodore Minaid, deceased. I have
since become satisfied that the bill is right, and I
ask leave to withdraw my objection.
Mr. HILLYER. I must insist upon going
through with the Calendar first. I will not object
to any member withdrawing his objection to any
bill when the Calendar has been read through, but
until then, I must object to going back.
Senate bill (No. 254) for the relief of Catharine
B. Arnold.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Catharine Bryant Arnold,
widow of the late Major Ripley A. Arnold, upon
the list of pensioners, and to pay to her a pension
at the rate of one half the pay per month to which
her said husband was entitled at the time of his
death; said pension to commence on the 6th of
September, 1853, and continue during her natural
life or widowhood.
From the report it appears that on the breaking
out of the Mexican war, the second dragoons, in
which Brevet Captain Arnold then held the rank
of first lieutenant, was encamped opposite Mata-'
moras, and it formed part of the small force under
General Taylor that sustained so nobly the first
conflicts on the Rio Grande. On these occasions
Captain Arnold was again distinguished, and won
the brevet of major, to date from May 9,1846, for
his " gallant and meritorious conduct in the battles
of Palo Alto and Resaca de la Palma." He was
promoted a Captain in his regiment August 18,
1847, and continued with it till the termination of
the war, when he accompanied it to Texas, where
he was serving at the time of his death, Septem-
ber 6, 1853. He was killed in an encounter with
Assistant Surgeon J. M. Steiner, growing out of
an order given by Major Arnold for his arrest.
There is no existing law which gives to the widow
of an officer or private of th£ regular Army either
pension or half pay, unless the soldier died of
wounds received, or disease incurred, in the Mexi-
can or some previous war. The laws respecting
naval pensions, however, grant five years' half-
pay to the widows of all who4die ill the service of
wounds, injuries, or disease incurred, or casualties
happening while in the line of duty. The com-
mittee, under recommendation from the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, have reported a bill, placing
widows of the Army upon the same footing in
this respect, with widows of the Navy.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside
to be reported to the House, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee. A few minutes
ago, I asked the consent of the committee for the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hendricks] to
withdraw his objection to House bill (No. 682)
for the relief of Frederic Griffing. I understand
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Hillyeh,] who
then objected to going back, is now willing to with-
draw his objection, and I therefore ask the con-
sent of the committee that the bill may be laid
aside to be reported to the House.
There being no objection, the committee again
took up the bill for consideration.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the Navy
cause to be paid to Frederic Grilling the amount
j withheld from him of the purchase money for the
property at Brooklyn, sold by him to the United
States in pursuance of the act of August 3, 1848,
entitled " An act making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending June 30, 1849."
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. HILLYER. I understand that, on last
objection day, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] objected to bi'l No. 256, for the relief
of the West Feliciana Railroad and the Georgia
Railroad and Banking Companies, and that he is
now willing to withdraw his objection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I object to going back.
Senate bill (No. 464) for the relief of Israel
Ketch am.
The bill and report were read.
; Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This seems to be
I a very complicated case. If 1 understand it, the
j contractors for building this fort have been paid
j by the Government; and this bill is to pay a sub-
contractor. I object to it.
Mr. EDGERTON. That is not precisely the
condition of the case.
House bill (No. 697) for the relief of the widow
of W. Irving, deceased. [Objected to by Mr.
Letcher.]
House bill (No. 700) for the relief of Thomas
Moms.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury to pay to the heirs of Thomas Mor-
ris, who was a captain in the Georgia line on the
Continental establishmenjgjo the revolutionary
war, and who died in the ngervice of the United.
States during said war, the full amount ol the
half-pay of a captain of artillery for seven-years:
provided said heirs, before the payment thereof,
exhibit to the Secretary of the Treasury satisfac-
tory proof that they are the only heirs of the said
Thomas Morris. ■ " .
From the report it appears that the records of
the Third Auditor's office, as evidenced by the
letter of Peter Hagner, Esq., Auditor thereof,
show that Thomas Morris was captain of artillery
in the Georgia line, and, from the finai settlement
certificate issued in his favor, he ceased to be an
officer in 1781; but whether he died in service, or
resigned, is not learned from anything on file m
that office. . . ,
The depositions of John Christian and Holder
Heragin, whose characters for respectability and
truth are sufficiently attested, prove to the satis-
faction of the committee that Captain Thomas
Morris died of small-pox, in Mathew county, Vir-
ginia, in the year 1781, and while in service.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
out the word " heirs," in the bill, and insert in
lieu thereof the word "children."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House, with a recommendation that it do pass. -
flouse bill (No. 702) for the relief of William
Hagerty.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to William Hagerty, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of $364 80, in full payment of his claim for grading
the street around the Capitol inclosure. _ .
From the report it appears that this claim is for
additional work done on a contract for grading
the street around the Capitol inclosure.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the •
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 703) for the relief of Rebecca
Winn, widow and executrix of the last will and
testament of Timothy Winn, deceased, late a pur-
ser in the Navy of the United States.
The bill and report were read.
The bill directs the accounting officers of the
Treasury to adjust the accounts of the late Purser
Timothy Winn, so as to allow his legal represent-
ative the sum of $600 per annum for clerk hire
during his service as purser at the Washington
navy-yard, deducting therefrom whatever pay-
ments on account of clerk hire have already been
made either by allowance of the Department or
by judgment of the court of this District.
1'he bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
House bill (No. 240) for the relief Thomas S.
J. Johnson, of the Territory of New Mexico.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Thomas S. J. Johnson, out of any mo-
ney in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
the sum of $4,800, m full compensation for thirty-
two wagons, the property of Thomas S. J. John-
son, taken by the officers of the United States
Army, and appropriated to necessary public use.
From the report it appears that the petitioner
was in August, 1850, the owner of thirty-two large
road wagons, suitable for carrying heavy burdens.
Upon the request of the petitioner, Captain A.W.
Reynolds, acting assistant quartermaster of the
United States Army at Santa Fe, in New Mexico,
permitted him to store said wagons for safe-keep-
ing in the Government corral at that place, which
contained sufficient unoccupied room for that pur-
pose. In the month of June following, petitioner
applied to the United States wagon master in
charge of said corral for his wagons, when he first
learned that all of his wagons had, from time to
time, been taken by the officers and employees of
the quartermaster's department for the necessary
use of the United States Army in its operations
in that vicinity, and that they were so taken and
put in use in the month of Septembei following
their storage. Petitioner immediately made a de-
mand of his wagons from Captain Reynolds, the
assistant quartermaster, or payment of their value.
Captain Reynolds refused to deliver them, on the
ground that they were necessary for the service,
and could not be dispensed with, and referred pe-
titioner to Captain L. C. Easton, assistant quar-
termaster. Upon application to hira, he refused
