1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
585
A bill forthe relief of William Brown;
A bill for the relief of James Mclntire;
A bill for the relief of Solomon I,a Follett;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Foreman;
A bill for the relief of Thomas C. Ramsey and
Ananias O. Richardson;
A bill for the further relief of Isaac Allen, of
' Turner, in the State of Maine;
A bill for the relief of Wyatt Griffith,of Wash-
ington county, in the State of Tennessee;
A bill for the relief of Medford Caffey, of the
State of Tennessee;
A bill for the relief of Paul S. Ridgway;
A bill granting a pension to Joseph McPormick;
Joint resolution for the relief of James Hughes;
A bill for the relief of Frederick Griffirig;
A bill for the benefit of the heirs of Philip R.
Rice, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Catharine B. Arnold;
A bill for the relief of the widow of W. Irving,
deceased;
A bill for the relief of William Haggerty;
A bill for the relief of Rebecca Winn, widow
and executrix of the last will and testament of
Timothy Winn, deceased, late a purser in the
Navy of the United States;
A bill for the relief of Thomas S. J. Johnson;
A bill for the relief of the assignee of bounty
land warrant No. 27849, issued to William Phil-
lips and Sarah Connor;
A bill increasing the pension of Anthony W.
Bayard, of Bellefonte, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania;
A bill to increase the pension of Patrick C.
Miles;
A bill for the relief of George Bush, of Thurs-
ton county, Washington Territory;
A bill confirming a land claim to Elijah White,
of the Territory of Washington; and
A bill for the relief of John R. Bowes, agent in
charge of the property of the United States at
Michigan City, in the State of Indiana.
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to amend House
bill (No. 627) for the relief of Thomas C. Ramsey
and Ananias 0. Richardson, by inserting in the
bill the name of James McLaughlin, of Virginia.
I do not choose, at this period, to say more than
this, that he stands in exactly the same situation
as the other two persons named in the bill, having
had his right arm shot off by the shoulder; and
on that amendment I move the previous question.
Mr. HAVEN. I suppose these bills come up
regularly the next private bill day?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. These bills are
reported, and will, the Chair thinks, go to the
Speaker's table.
Mr. HAVEN. And will not to-morrow be
devoted to private business?
The SPEA KER pro tempore.' Yes. The Chair
thinks that, to-morrow being private bill day,
these bills will be properly in order the first thing
in the morning. At least that is the opinion of
the present occupant of the chair.
Mr. HAVEN. Then 1 move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr, HENN. Would it be in order, Mr.
Speaker, to ask the previous question on the pas-
sage of the bills reported by a Committee of the
Whole House?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would be in
order to ask the previous question on all the bills,
if there be no objection.
Mr. HENN. Then I make that motion.
Mr. LETCHER. Let me understand. I have
offered an amendment, and I am not aware that it
was objected to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There was no
objection.
Mr. HAVEN. These bills can be passed to-
morrow morning, and I move that the House
adjourn.
M r. FLORENCE. Let us sustain the demand
for the previous question first.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire a quorum of the House
present when these bills are passed.
Mr. LILLY. I object to the previous ques-
tion being ordered to-aay. "There is no quorum
here.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Committee
of the Whole House be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of Senate bill (No. 256) for
the relief of the West Feliciana railroad and the
Georgia railroad and Banking Companies.
Mr. EDGERTON. I object.
The question was then taken on Mr. Haven's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The House thereupon, at twenty minute's past
four o'clock, adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 2, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
i NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BADGER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to repeal so much of
the thirtieth section of " An act to establish the
judicial courts of the United States" as author-
izes the taking of depositions without notice.
ORDER OF BUSINESS,
Mr. M ALLORY. This being private bill day,
I presume that the proceeding to any other busi-
ness, but by unanimous consent, would be out of
order. If I were to ask an hour's time of the
Senate to make a personal explanation, I presume
it would be granted without hesitation. 1 have
never known such a request denied to a Senator.
But I do not, on this occasion, ask anything but
an hour's time for a great national matter. The
Committeeon Naval Affairs have reported a small
bill, containing but one provision—a provision in
which the committees of both Houses, with the
Secretary of the Navy, concur, and it is deemed
highly important that it should pass. I do not
desire to interfere with the conduct of private
business, but as this is a great national matter, I
ask unanimous consent for one hour's time in
which to dispose of that bill.
Mr. HUNTER. What is it about?
Mr. MALLORY. It is a bill to promote the
efficiency of the Navy. It contains but one' pro-
vision. The report of the committee has been on
the table of Senators for several days. I am
satisfied it will take but a short time to consider
the bill, because a similar provision already,
though involving expense, and this involves none,
has been passed by the Senate. It has been twice
passed by the Senate heretofore.
Mr. HUNTER. What is the nature of the
provision ?
Mr. MALLORY. 1 will explain it in a few
words, and 1 am satisfied the Senator from Vir-
ginia, the chairman of the Committeeon Finance,
will be the first to agree with me. Thelast report
from the Senate Committee on Naval Affairs
shows that there were forty-two captains waiting
orders, upon their salary of $2,500 a year. The
proposition is to take all those officers who are
inefficient to perform their duty, and let them re-
main on shore upon the reserved list, on the pay
they are now getting, not increasing or decreasing
it whatever; and taking the difference between
their shore pay and their sea pay, and giving it to
men who do the duty. It does not increase the
Navy one single man, or its expenses a dollar;
and, upon that subject, if the Senate will give me
an hour, I will ask that the letter of the Secretary
of the Navy to the committee be read. It will not
take fifteen minutes.
The PRESIDENT. This day being set apart
for the consideration of private bills, it will require
unanimous consent to take up that bill.' The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. FOOT. I do not rise to object; but I wish
to ask, in the first place, a few minutes for tRe
consideration of a private bill, which is merely to
correct an error in consequence of a wrong enroll-
ment of the name of an officer in the last war.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Florida withdraw his motion?
Mr. MALLORY. I appeal to the Senator from
Vermont to let us take up the bill to which I
allude. It will not take fifteen minutes to dispose*
of that great national measure.
Mr. FOOT. It will not take more than one
minute to dispose of this private bill.
Mr. MALLORY. There are a number of pri-
vate bills of equal importance, which gentlemen
all around me desire to call up. I have several
myself, but I waive them for the purpose of having
this national measure considered.
Mr. FOOT. I have been waiting a week for
an opportunity to call up this bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw my request for
the present.
SUSAN PALMER.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill granting bounty land to Susan Palmer.'
Its object is to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to issue unto Susan Palmer, widqw of
Lieutenant Innis B. Palmer, deceased, a land-
warrant certificate for one hundred and sixty acres
of land, in consideration of his services during the
war of 1812, in the same manner as if Palmer's
name had been enrolled as a lieutenant, and not
as a deputy wagon-master.
Innis B. Palmer entered the military service of
the United States-at Buffalo, New York, on or
about the 1st of September, 1812, as a lieutenant in
Colonel Philetus Swift's regiment of New York
volunteers, and continued in the service two years
six months and twenty days, and died at Roches-
ter, New York, on the 2d day of July, 1844. Subse-
quent to his death, his widow applied to the proper
Department for bounty land, but has never re-
ceived, nor can she obtain, it, by reason of the
fact that her deceased husband's name appears
enrolled as a deputy wagon-master, and not as an
officer.
A portion of the evidence in the case goes to
prove that Palmer was taken prisoner at the cap-
ture of Fort Schlosser, and, with others, takerrto
Quebec, where he was selected, on account of his
being an officer, as one of twenty-six hostages,
and detained by the enemy until the close of the
war; and, on examination of the files in the fifth
auditor's office, the register of prisoners of the
war of 1812 shows the name of Lieutenent Innis
B. Palmer in full, as one of the prisoners at due-
bee. The committee, in view of all the points
presented in evidence, are clearly of the opinion
that the enrollment of Palmer as deputy wagon
master, and not as a lieutenant, was erroneous,
and subjects his widow to great hardship, inas-
much as she is deprived of the bounty of the Gov-
ernment, to which her husband was of right
entitled.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time and passed.
JOSEPH GERARD.
Mr. PETTIT. There is a small bill on the Cal-
endar which is deeply interesting, Mr. President,
to two or three of our mutual constituents, the pas-
sage of which will take but a moment. It is a
House bill, which has been referred to the Senate
Committee on Claims, and reported back with a
recommendation that it pass. It is a bill for the
relief of the heirs of Joseph Gerard.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 have three or four such
bills.
Mr. BROWN. I do not object to this applica-
tion, but if another such one be made, 1 must
object to it, and insist on taking up the Calendar
in its regular order.
Mr. PETTIT. Then I object to anything but
private bills being taken up.
Mr. BROWN. I do notobjectto this case,jjut
I shall object to taking up others out of their reg-
ular order.
Mr. MALLORY. Allowmeto makean appeal
to my friend from Iiyliana. No private bill which
we may pass at this stage of the session can pos-
sibly be acted on by the House.
Mr. PETTIT. The'bill which I propose to
take up, is a House bill granting bounty land to
the heirs of a messenger of General Washington,
under his pledge that such lands should be given
for carrying dispatches from Cincinnati to hostile
Indians in the northwest. There can be no ob-
jection to its passage.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded , as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill. _
Its object is to permit Reese A. P. GerarS,
William Gerard, and Rachel Blue, (formerly
Rachel Gerard,) the only children and heirs of
Joseph Gerard, a messenger of the United States
to the Indians, who was killed in 1792, to enter,
each one of them severally, or his or their heirs,
one section of the public lands, without the pay-
ment of any consideration for the three sections,
that being in full pay'ment for the patriotic services
of Gerard, and in accordance with the spirit of the
inducements authorized by President Washington
to be held out to such persons as would consent
to carry a message from Fort Washington (now
