m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February ST,
Cincinnati) in 1792, to the hostile Indians of the
then Northwest Territory.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
* RETIRED LIST FOR THE NAVY.
Mr. MALLORY. I now ask the Senate to
take up the bill " ip promote the efficiency of the
Navy."
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in'Committee of
the Whole.
By the bill, the President is directed, as soon as
practicable after its passage, to cause a board of
naval officers to be assembled, to consist of five
captains, five commanders, and five lieutenants.
This board, under such regulations as the Secre-
tary of the Navy may prescribe, is to make a
careful examination into the efficiency of the offi-
cers of the grades of captairis, commanders, lieu-
tenants, passed midshipmen, and master, and report
to the Secretary of the Navy the names and rank
of all officers of these grades who, in the judgment
of the board, shall be incapable of performing
promptly and efficiently all their duly ashore and
afloat. No officer upon the board Is to examine
into, or report upon, the efficiency of officers of a
grade above him. All officers who may be found
by the board incapable of performing the duties of
their respective offices, ranks, or grades, if the find-
ing be approved by the President, are to be placed,
in the order of their rank and seniority at the
time, upon a list in the navy register, to be enti-
tled ' the reserved list;" and they are to receive
the leave of absence pay or the furlough pay to
which they may be entitled when so placed, and
are to be ineligible to further promotion, but sub-
ject to the orders of the Navy Department at all
times for duty. And vacancies created in the
active service list by placing officers on the re-
served list are to be filled by regular promotion in
the order of rank or seniority. And officers who
may be promoted to fill the vacancies created by
the reserved list are, while unemployed, to receive
Only the " leave of absence" " or waiting orders"
pay to which they would have been entitled if
such promotion had not been made; but when
employed at sea, or on other duty, they are to
receive, in addition to such "leave of absence"
or " waiting orders" pay, the difference between
the " waiting orders" or " leave of absence" pay
and the " sea, or other duty," pay of the grade
to which they may be so promoted. This act is
not to be construed to authorize any increase of
the aggregate pay of the grades, or of the naval
service, as now allowed by law, nor to restrict,
apply to, or impair the regular promotion of offi-
cers in the service list of the Navy who may beat
any time entitled to promotion—consequent upon
deaths, dismissals, or resignations—nor m any
manner to abridge or impair the right of the Secre-
tary of the Navy to place officers upon furlough.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and
REGISTER OF A VESSEL.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to take up now a bill, whfch has been reported
from the Committee on Commerce, " authorizing
the issue of a register to the Russian-built ship,
tile Aina."
The bill was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. This vessel
was seized and libelled by the United States mar-
shal, and sold to Christian P. Punch and Andrew
F. Meineke, of New York, who ask for the issue
of a register under the name of St. Andrew.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
OLIVER LEE.
Mr. BRODHEAD. At this late period of the
eession, it is hardly worth while to pass any con-
tested Senate private bills, but I think it would be
better to go on this morning with the House pri-
vate bills which we have on the Calendar. With
this view, I ask the consent of the Senate to take
up, out of its order, House bill for the relief of
the administrators of Oliver Lee, deceased.
Mr. WELLER. 1 must object to this course
being pursued, and ask for the regular order of
business. The bills which have passed the House
of Representatives can be taken up and acted upon
at any time, but the Senate bills should be sent to
the House as soon as practicable for action at this
session.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not think-they can
be taken up there, if we send thefn.
Mr. WELLER. I must insist upon the reg-
ular order of business.
The PRESIDENT. It is in order for any Sen-
ator to move to take up any private bill out of its
order. The Chair, therefore, will put the question
on the motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BRODHEAD. As this is a small bill
which has passed the House of Representatives,
I hope there will be no objection to its considera-
tion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of theTreas-
ury to pay to Charles H. Lee, administrator, and
Eliza Lee, administratrix, of the estate of Oliver
Lee, late of the city of Buffalo, deceased,thesum
of $580 32, being for the amount of a judgment
recovered by Oliver Lee against Pierre A. Barker,
formerly collector of the port of Buffalo Creek, in
the circuit court of the United States for the north-
ern district of New York, in the second circuit,
which was docketed on the 30th of August, 1844.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to hear the basis
on which the case stands,
Mr. BRODHEAD. Let the report be read;
it explains fully the circumstances.
The report was read, from which it appears that
Oliver Lee was the owner of the schooner Savan-
nah. In January, 1838, she was, on suspicion
of being employed in aiding theCanadian patriots
contrary to law, seized by P. A. Barker, collector
of the port of Buffalo, by the direction or advice
of General WinfieM Scott, who was then in mil-
itary command on the Niagara frontier. Lee sued
the collector before the supreme court of New
York. In March, 1839, the^United States district
attorney for the northern district of New York
was directed to defend the suit, by the Secretary
of the Treasury, on behalf of the United States.
He procured the removal of the cause to the cir-
cuit court of the United States, under the act of
Congress; a trial was had before the circuit court
of the northern district of New York, in June,
1844, the district attorney appearing and defending
the suit,and judgment was recovered, amounting,
with the costs, to $580 32. The collector acted m
good faith, and the committee think the United
States are clearly liable; but, as the estate of Mr.
Barker is insolvent, it is proposed that the United
Statesshall remunerate Mr. Lee's representatives.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
CONTINUANCE OF HALF-PAY.
Mr. CLAY. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill which has been reported from the Committee
on Pensions, " to continue half-pay to certain wid-
ows and orphans." It is not what may be strictly
called a private bill; but yet 1 believe it would be
an economy of time on the part of the Senate, as
well as just to the individuals for whom" it pro-
vides, to take up the bill and consider it now. It
will dispense with the consideration of between
fifty and one hundred petitions of individuals
whose cases will be embraced by the bill.
• Mr. JOHNSON. I should be very glad to ac-
cede to the suggestion of the Senator from Ala-
bama, but there are a number of private bills, for
the consideration of which this day has been set
apart, and we should proceed with them. The
bill which he proposes to take up, is a matter of
general legislation, which unquestionably will give
rise to discussion.
The PRESIDENT. If the Senator from Ar-
kansas objects, the bill cannot be taken up, as it is
not a private bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir, I object.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senate now to
take up a small pension bill which has passed the
House of Representatives, and has been favorably
reported on here—House bill 479.
Mr. STUART. I object to anything but the
regular order of business on the Calendar, agreea-
bly to the resolution which we have adopted.
The PRESIDENT. It is in the power of a
majority of the Senate to take up any private bill
they choose. The Chair, therefore, will pat the
question on the motion of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. STUART. The resolution says that Fri-
day shall be devoted to the consideration of the
Private Calendar. I am aware that the Senate
may change the regular course by a vote, but I v
hope they will proceed to the consideration of the
Private Calendar in its order. If need be, I shall
ask for the yeas and nays on this motion.
The PRESIDENT. It is the duty of the Chair,
when a Senator moves to take up a private bill
out of its order, to put the question on that motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should not have made
my motion if the Senate had not already departed
from the regular order of business. The bill
which I propose to take up is a small matter
which has passed the House of Representatives,
and will occupy but a moment. ■"
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the motion *of the
Senator from Maine will b.e agreed to. I do not
know what the bill which he-proposes to call up
is; but I take it for granted, from his statement,
that it can be disposed of immediately. But, sir,
if we goon now with the regular order of business,
we shall find that much discussion will arise
upon the first private bills on the Calendar, and
thus weshall not get clear of thesecases which re-
quire no discussion, and which therefore, ought
to be first disposed of.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Maine, to take up
House bill for the relief of William Cole.
Mr. STUART. Let me suggest to the Senate
another mode of proceeding. Let us go through
with the Calendar, and take up and pass such bills
as are not objected to.
Mr. JOHN SON and other Senators. We have
no objection to that.
Mr. STUART. And after we shall have got
through with those bills to which there may be no
objection, we can come back and go through with
the other bills on the Calendar m their regular
order.
The PRESIDENT. That has been tfie prac-
tice heretofore, in considering private claims.
Mr. S I'UART. If the Senator from Maine-will
withdraw his motion, I think we shall have no
difficulty in reaching his bill by the course which
I suggest.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not wish to interpose,
if such is the sentiment of the Senate. I withdraw
my motion, to enable that course to be pursued.
The PRESIDENT. As there appears to be no
objection, the course suggested by the Senator from
Michigan will be pursued. The first business in
order is the motion of the Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Benjamin,] to reconsider the vote by which
the Senate ordered„the bill for the relief of the
claimants of the private armed brig General Arm-
strong to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr-. JOHNSON. I think that will lead to dis-
cussion.
The PRESIDENT. Then the bill will be
passed over. The next private bill on the Calen-
dar is one for the relief of Benedict J. Heard.
, . ,^r- BAYARD. I shall have to object to that
bill, and to £ive my reasons for opposing it.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be passed
over. r
Mr. WELLER. I desire to know what has
become of the motion to reconsider the vote on
the General Armstrong bill?
The PRESIDENT. It has been passed by,as
Senators suggested that they intended to debate it.
Mr. WELLER. When was an order made
giving any Senator the right to object to the con-
sideration of a bill ?
since6 **• 0n'y a few moments
Mr. WELLER. I studiously avoided incor-
porating any such provision into the original order
which 1 presented, setting apart Fridays for the
consideration of private bills. I was not aware
that any vote of the Senate had been taken which,
oluticm 1 my object in Offering that res-
^-ESIDENT. There was no vote taken,
but there was a genera! understanding of the Sen-
ate a few moments since.
un"!4LER- 1 must object 10 a"ysuch
Mr. JOHNSON. I am satisfied that the Sen-
