1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
537
ator from California does not see the effect of the
eourse which we are taking, or he would not 9b-
ject. The plan which we are pursuing has been
agreed to on the motion of the Senator from
Michigan, to first go through with those cases on
the Private Calendar which require no discussion,
and to which,consequently, there can be noobjec-
tion, on account of the consumption of time; and
as soon as these bills igoay be disposed of, which
cannot take long, to again go through the Calen-
dar in regular order, and consider those bills which
have been objected to.
Mr. WELLER. I have no doubt that it will
take all day to pass on these bills to which there
is no objection. In drawing the order the other
day, I did not design to incorporate the provision
of the old rule, which put it in the power of a
single Senator to postpone a bill for a whole week,
by objecting to its consideration. I think the bills
on the Calendar should be taken up in their regjlar
order, and if they lead to discussion, let discussion
go on. I have, however, no disposition to stand
alone and interpose my single objection to what
may be the wishes of the Senate in this particular.
I can readily conceive that it will consume the
whole day if we take up those bills to which no
objection will be made. When a bill is taken up
some Senator will call for the reading of the
report, and that may consume half an hour; find
after it is read, nobody will object to the bill,
and it will be passed. In this way the whole day
will be consumed in the discussion of the bills
which may not be qbjected to.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution which was
adopted during the last month, is in these words:
" Reiolvetl, That from and after the 20th instant, Friday
Of each week, during tlie present session, shall ho devoted
to the consideration of the Private Calendar, in preference
to any other business."
It is clearly the duty of the Chair to take up
private business in the order in which it stands
on the Calendar; but it is in the power of the
Senate to change that order of business, and pro-
ceed with any other private bill. If the Senator
from California objects to the course which has
been pursued, as a matter of course the Chair will
return to the unfinished business of last Friday.
Mr. ATCHISON. I understood that, by the
unanimous consent of the Senate, not two minutes
since, it was agreed to proceed to the consideration
of such private bills on the Calendar as did not
involve debate.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair so understood,
but the Senator from California objects.
Mr. ATCHISON. It is too late for the Senator
to object, after the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate has been given.
Mr. WELLER. I think not. I objected at
the earliest moment at which I knew of the move-
ment. I was willing, however, to withdraw my
objection, if no other Senator concurred with me;
but, as my right to make the objection has been
excepted to, I choose to avail myself of it; and if
I have a right to object, I do so.
Mr. ATCHISON. I am very sorry then that
I interposed; but, as I have done so, 1 insist now
on the decision of the Chair on the point which is
raised. The unanimous consent of the Senate
was given to the course proposed by the Senator
from Michigan, and now it is too late for the Sen-
ator from California to make objection to it. The
unanimous consent of the Senate has been given,
and we have acted upon the order in two cases.
The PRESIDENT. Did the Senator from
California assent to it ?
Mr. WELLER. . I never assented, and did not
intend to do so.
The PRESIDENT. I so understood the Sen-
ator.
BRIG GENERAL ARMSTRONG.
The Senate proceeded to consider the motion of
Mr. Benjamin to reconsider the vote by which
the bill for the relief of the claimants of the pri-
vate-armed brig General Armstrong was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. BADGER. 1 move that it be ordered to
lie on the table; perhaps we can get on with busi-
ness in that way.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
■—yeas 23, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Atchison, Badger,Brain-
erd, Brndliead, Clay, Dawson, Evans, Pessenden, Pish,
Fitzpatnck, Foot,-Gillette, Hunter, Johnson, Jones ofTen-
nessee, Pearce, Stuart, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky,
Toucev, and Wade—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Bright, Brown,
Cass, Clayton, Dodgeof Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Geyer,
Gwin, Houston, Jones of Iowa, Mason, Pettit, Pratt, Reid,
Rockwell, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Slidelj, Thompson of
New Jersey, Weller,^md Wright—25.
Mr. PRATT, when his name was called, said:
I am opposed to the bill, but I do not think it right
to kill it by indirection; I therefore vote "nay."
The motion to lay on the table was not agreed
to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I voted against laying the
bill and the moti® for reconsideration upon the
table, for the same reason which actuated my
friend from Maryland, [Mr. Pratt.] I am en-
tirely opposed to the passage of this bill as it
stands. I view its passage with alarm, with sin-
cere and unaffected alarm, as setting a most dan-
gerous precedent in the legislation of the country;
and nothing but a sentiment of public duty could
have prevailed upon me to make the motion
which I have made in bringing this vexed ques-
tion again to the attention of the Senate. Before,
however, making the very few remarks which I
design to make—a pure recapitulation of the rea-
sons which actuate me in voting against the bill
as it now stands—I desire the Secretary to read
it for the information of the Senate. 1 am satis-
fied the Senate does not understand the true effect
the bill in the shape in which it has been
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Be it enacted, ^c., That the Secretary of State be, and
he is hereby, authorized (Hid directed to examine and adjust
the claim of Captain Samuel O. Ileid, owners, officers,
and crew of the private armed ling Genera] Armstrotie, be-
longing to the port of New Vork, destroyed by a British
force 111 the neutral port of Fayal,iri September, IBM ; -md
to seltle the same upon principles of jinnee and equilv;
and that he lie, and is hereby.liirtheraulhorized anddiieet-
ed to pav llie amount wllieh may lie fouid due, to the said
Captain Samuel C. Reid. the owners, ofiicers, and crew, or
llieir legally authorized lepreserualives, out of any moneys
in ihe Treasury not otherwise appropriated, whieh amount
shall not exceed .^131,600, being ihe sum demanded by ihe
Government of the United Slates from the Government of
Portugal Jor the losses and damages sustained by the de
struction of the said brig.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, if the ques-
tion were merely the payment of this sum of
money to the parties for whose benefit this bill
purports to be passed, I should not deem it neces-
sary to say one word upon the subject; but the
principle involved m it is, to my mind, so very ob-
jectionable, that 1 cannot refrain from stating, in
a few words, my view of that principle.
Now, sir, for the purpose of conceding to the
friends of the bill everything which was claimed
by them the other day m its discussion, I am will-
ing to take the case in the strongest possible aspect
in which it has been put by its friends. 1 am w ill-
mg O concede, for the purpose of explaining the
views which actuate my mind, in the first place,
that the Government of Portugal was undeniably
responsible for the total amount claimed by our
Government against it for the captain, owners, and
crew of the Armstrong. X am willing to concede
that the judgment or decree of the French Emperor
upon the submission of that question to hisarbitra-
tion was erroneous. I am willing to concede 1 hat
there was no shadow of foundation for the judg-
ment which he gave against the claim. I am willing
to concede that the claiman t d id not know, although
the proof is to the contrary, that his claim was to
be arbitrated. I am willing to concede that he did
actually and energetically protest against the sub-
mission to arbitration. And yet, sir, in thfe face
of all these concessions, in my view of public law,
and of policy, there is not a shadow of a claim
for the demand now made against the Government
of the United States.
Mr. President, I would that Senators, in think-
ing of this subject, would divest their minds, for
one moment, of that bias which naturally operates
upon them in consideration of the gallant services
of Captain Reid, and of the crew of the private
armed brig General Armstrong, and look at the
case without reference at all to its personal merits,
purely as a question of principle. So far as my
examination has extended, there is not a single
case in the history of the Government to give the
slightest countenance for such rplief as is now
asked. It amounts to this, and nothing more: that
the Government of the United States, when prose-
cuting the private claim of a citizen against a
foreign Government, is bound, whenever that
claim is just, to obtain it at all hazards, is bound
to the same extent, and under the same principles
as bind the conduct of the attorney towards his
client, as it was pb rased by the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] and that the Govern-
ment and people of the United States are to pay.
the amount of the claim, if not prosecuted with
due diligence. _ ■
If this case were to stop here, I might be satis-
fied with the mere enunciation of that principle,
and call upon Senators, regardless of the personal
merits of the claimants, to give a vote upon that
proposition. But, Mr. President, this case is not
to stop here; it is not to stop here, to the knowledge
of us all. To my- personal knowledge, eases are
now being made up against the Government upon
the principle of this bill. To my personal knowl-
edge, individuals who hold claims against the Brit-
ish Government, which have been recently determ-
ined adversely to them by the commission held
at London under the treaty between Great Britain
and this country, are now getting up their cases
and presenting them to this Government, asking
the payment by the United States of the sums
which they previously claimed against Great Brit-
am upon the ground that their cases were not
properly presented before the commission which
sat in London, that the agent of the United States
there neglected their cases, or did not argue them
well. This is very much the ground on which the
honorable and. distinguished Senator from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Bayard,] the other day, placed hie
vote, when he declared that he could vote for this
bill for the reason that the Secretary of State had
refused to forward a written brief submitted by
the claimant to be forwarded. That was the only
ground which that distinguished Senator could
find on which to base his support of this bill.
He admitted—what a man of his ability could
not fail to admit, what it was impossible for a man
of his candor to deny—that the Government of the
United States, when acting upon the claim of S pri-
vate citizen, as made against a foreign country,
acts upon its own discretion, and its own sense
of what is due to public justice and to the great
interests of the country. He admitted that it
was a matter of no consequence, as I have said
this morning, whether the private claimant was
or was not willing to submit his claim to aibitra-
tion; that it was not in his power to direct the
negotiations pending between the State Depart-
ment of this country and any foreign country;
that the true principle of public law was, that it
was a political duty in all Governments to protect
the rights of their citizens, whether at home or
abroad; but that it was a question of policy as well
as of duty; that it was the bounden duty of all Gov-
ernments to protect, not only a single individual,
but the interests of the masses; and that if, in the
exercise of a sound, discreet public policy, theduly
authorized agents of the Government came to the
conclusion that the interests of the masses would
be sacrificed by pushing too far the claim of an
individual; the Government would be reckless to
its trust, would fail in the discharge of a solemn
duty, if it plunged the nation into a war to assert
the individual claim at the cost of the entire mass
of the people. Sir, that principle is undeniable.
I read no authorities. 1 speak of principles so
familiar that they recur readily to the minds of all
Senators present.
Mr. CLAYTON. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLAYTON. The honorable Senator has
not stated (undoubtedly because he misappre-
hended it) the principle which was assumed on the
partof the claimants. It was not assumed on our
part that this Government was bound to prosecute
the claim, or go to war to enforce the payment of
it. Nothing of the kind was said by us. It was
not insisted upon or urged at all by us, that this
Government was bound in all events to insure a
claim that was presented to it, even when it con-
sidered it just. But this was the position taken
by us, and I ask the honorable Senator to refute
it if he can: When the Government undertakes
to prosecute a claim for a private individual against
a foreign Government, it is at liberty to drop the
claim and cease to prosecute it whenever, in its
judgment, it is not the poliey of the Government
to prosecute it; but it has no right, if it insists on
prosecuting it, as the Government did in this case,
to refer it to arbitration without the consent or
knowledge of the claimant. Sir, 1 aay in this
