538
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2^
case that the Government was not bound to pros-
ecute the claim. They might have dropped it
when they pleased; and the issue was never pre-
sented , of war or arbitration. I beg the honora-
ble gentlemen on the other side to remember the
principle which is maintained on the part of the
claimants, to meet that directly, and we shall at-
tempt to answer them.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the honorable Senator
from Delaware had waited for a moment, I should
have reached the very point which he now makes,
in the course of a few further sentences. I will,
however, state, in reply to the honorable Senator,
tnat the advocatesof the passageof this bill do not
all assume what to me is the very extraordinary
proposition which he has just announced to the
Senate. On the contrary, his distinguished col-
league [Mr. Bayard] stated, in express and posi-
tive terms to the Senate, during the course of the
debate, that, whilst advocating the bill, he deemed
it beyond doubt and question that the Govern-
ment had the entire control overthe mode and man-
ner of asserting the claim; that the Government
had the right to submit it to arbitration; and that
the Government' had the right so to submit it
against the direct protest of the claimant. I did not
suppose that any gentleman of the distinguished
reputation as a publicist which is possessed by
the honorable Senator from Delaware, who has
just spoken, [Mr. Clayton,] would controvert
that proposition.
Why, Mr. President, the honorable Senator
himself has told us, in the debate, that, in his own
correspondence with the Government of Portugal,
he threatened them with war, if this claim was
not paid. The honorable Senator has told us that
the public armed vessels of the United States were
sent to make a demonstration, by the order of the
Executive, against a nation with which we were
Bt peace, in the prosecution of this very claim.
At a time when this Government had advanced
to that extent in the assertion of the rights of a
private citizen against a foreign Government, and
when it had but. the choice, in its efforts to assert
this private claim, between the three alternatives
of war, arbitration, or, as he now suggests, the
dishonorable abandonment of its pretensions, upon
what ground of public law, or upon what principle
of policy, does the gentleman contend that the
choice was confined to the two alternatives of
war or dishonorable abandonment?. Take the
writings of any publicist that you choose to refer
to, and you will find that the submission of a
question to arbitration is not only one of the well-
asserted, well-defined, distinctly pointed out rem-
edies to which Governments are to have recourse
in cases of this kind; but that the united voice of
all those authors, who were once very properly
characterized as " beneficent spirits, who held up
the torch of science to guide a benighted world,"
is joined in a persuasive appeal to the common
sense and common humanity of mankind against
the arbitrament of v&ir, and in favor of the arbit-
rament of umpires. If it be once accorded, as
the Senator seems now to contend, thaC the Gov-
ernment of the United States had the right only
to take its choice between war and the abandon-
ment of this claim, I ask him upon what principle
this third mode of settling national disputes, laid
down in all the authors upon public law, was
excluded from the fair discretion of the agents of
the Government?
Mr. President, I said before that it was not the
simple matter of the amount of this claim, but the
establishment of the principle as a precedent to
which I objected. I said before that 1 was not
aware, in the history of this country of a sin-
gle case in which the Government of the United
States had paid out of its own Treasury, to a
claimant against a foreign Government, the amount
of such claim. It has been suggested, sir, that the
French spoliation bill is identical in principle with
that now before the Senate; but I cannot think
gentlemen will so consider it if, for a moment,
they revert to the basis upon which that bill is
founded. The French spoliation bill is based upon
the principle, not that theGovernment of the United
States failed or neglected its duty in the prosecu-
tion of the claims, not that the Government of the
United States, in its action with foreign Govern-
iftents, is the lawyer of the client, but upon the
ground that the Governmentot the United States,
in view of the interest of the masses of the nation,
expropriated the private claims without indemnity.
It is on the ground that the claims of the citizens
of the United States, after being admitted by a
foreign Government, were paid over or given up
to that foreign Government without consideration
to the private claimants. The principle of that
bill is the principle familiar to us all, that if the
public interests require that a man's ground, his
gun, his horse, or any of his property, should
be taken from him for the public service, he him-
self is not to be injured by the sacrifice of his
property, but that he must have an adequate in-
demnity for the property so taken for the public
interest. Upon that ground# and upon that
alone, could I ever have voted for the bill. Upon
that ground, and that alone, in my opinion, is
that bill at all maintainable. But in the case now
before the Senate, there was, to be sure, a faint
attempt made the other day—I beg the gentle-
man who made it [Mr. Brown] to excuse me
for speaking of it in these terms; I do it without
the slightest disrespect; 1 merely treat the argu-
ment as it presented itself to my mind at the time,
as one utterly without foundation, to show that
the Government of the United States received a
consideration for this submission to arbitration.
Now, sir, what was the true state of the case? A
large number of claims were presented by this
Government against the Government of Portugal.
Some the Government of Portugal admitted to ^e
just, after a long negotiation; and others it tena-
ciously resisted as unfounded against it. A prop-
osition was made by the Government of Portugal
to theGovernment of the United States: "We will
pay to you now, after this negotiation, the claims
of A, B, C,and D,and you shall give us a receipt
in full for them; the claim of E we will not pay;
but if you are willing, we will submit that to the
arbitration of a friendly Power." The Govern-
ment of the United States accepted this proposi-
tion. I should like to understand by what process
of logic the conclusion is deduced that an arrange-
ment of that kind was the abandonment of the
Armstrong claim, in order to get the rest of them
paid ? There is nothing on the face of the treaty
that says so; there is nothing.in the correspond-
ence that says so. I have been unable, after the
most careful consideration of the correspondence,
to come to any such conclusion; and I think that
the mere putting forward of such a pretext as this
—for I can consider it as nothing else—shows the
little foundation there is for the claimant to insist
on the true merits of his case.
Now, Mr. President, a private claimant who
puts his claim in the hands of theGovernment for
assertion against a foreign country, puts it in the
hands of an agent, who is as well his own agent
as the agent of all the other citizens of the United
States. It is perfectly well known, according to
all theery of Government, that an individual
having a claim against a foreign country is remed-
iless as an individual, and if his appeals to the
sense of justice and equity of the foreign nation
are not answered; if he cannot procure, by reason
and argument, the allowance of the claim he
makes, however just and proper that claim may
be, he is without remedy as an individual. But
still he has this one resource to fall back upon:
tiiat his Government is bound, in all cases where
a great principle is concerned, to go even to the
very verge of war—aye, even to wage hostilities, if
it be necessary—in the assertion of his claim; or
if, upon a view of the entire policy of the Gov-
ernment, it shall come to the conclusion that it
is better for the masses to go to war upon that
claim with a view of establishing a precedent than
tamely to sjibmit to injustice. But, sir, when
that Government undertakes the claim under these
circumstances, the whole control and discretion
over the claim is of necessity abandoned to the
Government. Can it for a moment be supposed;
can the gentleman from Delaware, for one instant,
intend to argue to the Senate, that in every case
in which an individual has a claim against a
foreign Government, he has a right to give his in-
dividual views to the State Department, and to
control its action with the foreign Government in
relation to his claim ?—because if he has the right
to refuse its submission to arbitration, he has the
right to refuse that it be tamely and dishonorably
dropped. According to the statement of the prin-
ciple, as enunciated by the Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Clayton, ] the Government of the United
States had the right dishonorably to drop this
claim; and yet, while asserting in the Government
this greater power, he denies to it the lesser one
of submitting it to arbitration. A claim is pre-
sented by a citizen to the foreign department of
the Government, and it is the subject of corre-
spondence. The Government of the United States
takes up the case of the claimant as it is put be-
fore it by him. It has not heard the other side.
Its action upon the ease at that moment is one-
sided, ex parte. This Government strenuously
urges the justice of the claim on that of the for-
eign country. Then comes, on the other side, th«
answer of the foreign Government, setting up its
view of the case, urging its own considerations in
defense of its own action, bringing forward its own
evidence. Will any man tell me that under such
circumstances in the negotiation between two
Governments, it is not perfectly competent for the
one which first made the claim, to say that upon
due consideration it was satisfied it had erred
in making it and now abandoned it—abandoned -
it without dishonor—abandoned it upon the high
principles of justice and national faith; and to ad-
mit the claim to be unfounded, thus assuming to
judge the merits of the claim. The honorable
Senator from Delaware seems to concede that
power; and yet, as I said before, whilst admitting
the power to give it up, either by tame submission
rather than go to war, by dropping it as he terms
it, or else acquiescing in the justice of the defense
made by the foreign nation, he denies the power
of the Government, against the will of the claim-
ant, to submit it to the decision of an umpire.
Observe, Mr. President, that the decision in
this case of the Government to submit the case to
an umpire was not the decision of the Secretary
of Stale, or of the President of the United States
alone. The question was submitted to the action
of the Senate of the United States. We were
called upon, as partof the treaty-making power, to
examine this question, and determine whether it
was right and proper for this Government to go to
war, to give up the claim, or submit it to arbitra-
tion. It was by the highest law known to our
own land—by the sanction of a treaty, made with
a foreign Government, published by the President
of the United States after ratification—that the
Secretary of State took up this claim and sent it
abroad for decision. The decision is against us,
and the demand is that we shall pay it. Why,
sir, if we agree to this course, there never will ba
another case arbitrated; certainly no Secretary of
State will ever again agree to submit a case to
arbitration under circumstances like these, with
the knowledge that, of two things, one must hap-
pen; that the claimant is either to get his claim by
the decision of the arbitrator, or if he fail3 in that,
the Government of the United States is to pay
him.
Nor is it enough for the claimant to show that
by the correspondence between the two Govern-
ments, his own Government urged the justice and
equity of the claim, because the Government of
the United States, under these circumstances, acts
as the agent of the claimant, and if their is a doubt,
it is bound to resolve that doubt to his benefit.
Therefore it is not only natural and proper, but it
is the bounden duty of the agents of the Govern-
ment in their correspondence with foreign diplo-
matic agents, to assert the claims of our citizens
in the strongest terms, and with the most cogent
arguments their ability can suggest. But does
that bind the Government of the United States?
Does it make this Government unequivocally ad-
mit the demand of the claimant even against the
foreign Government? Is there anything in the
theory of our Government that binds the Congress
of the United States, that binds every branch of
the Government to the assertions of a diplomatic
agent when contesting a disputed claim with a
foreign Government? Clearly not.
But, sir, as I said at the outset, I concede to
the advocates of this bill all that they claim in
point of fact. I concede that the submission to
arbitration was against the protest of the party;
I concede that the decision was wrong; I concede
to the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] that
it was very wrong in Mr. Webster to refuse to
the party the right of sending a brief of his case to
the foreign arbitrator; what then ? According to
the argument of the Senator there is no founda-
tion whatever upon which he can rest his vote,
except this refusal. Now that Senator must eee
very clearly—his powers of analysis and dis-
crimination are too great not to compel him to
