1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
539
perceive—that he is upon one of these two horns
ofa dilemma. Either Mr. Webster, in the refusal,
was right, or wrong. If Mr. Webster was right
under the terms of the treaty, and iftheSenate and
the President of the United States had the right to
make that treaty, there is an end of his case. If
Mr. Webster was wrong, then he puts the case
on the ground, that a mistake of the Secretary of
State, in his action upon a private claim, with a
foreign Government, binds the United States
to the payment of the claim out of its own Trea-
sury.
If the Senate of the United States is prepared to
adopt that proposition, let us vote this money at
once* If the Senate of the United States is pre-
pared to adopt the principles that, in all public
offices, any mistake of any public agent upon a
private interest, binds this Government for the
whole amount of the privateinterestatstake, then
let us pass this bill. But, sir, if the proposition
itself, upon the simple statement, is too monstrous
to be supported by anybody; if the inevitable
tendency of a doctrine like this would be to ex-
haust the public Treasury, and not leave a dollar
for any public purpose whatever, let us retrace
our steps, and reject this bill as it stands before us.
How stands the bill as it was agreed to? By
this bill, if it be passed in its present form, you
will not only have asserted the principle, that the
claimants in this case are to be paid by the Gov-
ernment of the United States for a claim which it
has in good faith prosecuted almost to the verge
of war, against a foreign Government; you will
not only have asserted the principle that this Gov-
ernment has to pay that claim, notwithstanding
its most strenuous elforts made in the best of faith,
after a long series of years, almost to the verge of
war, for the purpose of collecting it; but you will
have actually adopted a bill sanctioning, so far as
the sanction of the Senate can be given to it, the
payment of §50,000, in addition to the value of
the vessel and all its equipments, as damages to
the officers and crew. Thafis for what? INotfor
any fright, for they fought aa gallantly as any-
body ever fought on earth; not for the families of
the dead, bccause the descendants of those who
died in that desperate conflict are to receive noth-
ing under the bill; but as a testimonial of grati-
tude for gallantry, if you please. When you have
gone thus tar, and you have given $42,000 for the
value of the vessel and its equipments, and the
additional sum of $50,000 as a testimonial to the
officers and crew, there i3 the further sum of
^40,000 for the prospective profits of the privateer-
ing: cruise.
Mr. BADGER. Is that so ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir, that is the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to make a single statement on that point?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. I think the Senator is in error
in regard to that matter. The bill contains a lim-
itation that the amount to be paid shall not exceed
the sum of $Ktt,(J<)0; hut it provides that the
claim shall be adjusted at the Depaitment " on the
Erinciples of equity and justice." Now, if the
onoroblc Senator will take the trouble to inquire
at the Departments; if he will take the trouble to
read the opinions of the Attorney General, he will
find that they always exclude prospective profits
under words authorizing a settlement according to
the principles of equityt and justice. t That is a
settled rule of action. . \
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I was going
on to make the explanation, as I said to the hon-
orable gentleman's colleague just now, if he had
given me a moment; I was going to state to the
Senate that there was not an express provision in
this bill for the payment of this sum. I do not
mean to represent the case under an aspect more
unfavorable than it really deserves. I wiil ask
the Secretary once more to read the last clause of
the bill in relation to the sum to be paid.
The Secretary read the following:
" And that he be, and is hereby, further authorized and
directed to pay the amount which may be found due to the
eatd Captain Samuel C. Keid, the owners, officers, and
crew, or their legally autnorized representatives, out of
any moneys m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated ;
which amount shall not exceed $13' .600, being the sum de-
manded by the Government of the United States from the
Government of Portugal, for the losses and damages sus-
tained by the destrucUon of the eaid brig."
Mr. BENJAMIN. As I before stated, that
amount of $131,600 is made up of the entire value
of the vessel and all its equipments as established
by the claimants themselves. It is made up of a
further sum of $40,000 or $30,000 by way of
damages or compensation to the officers and crew,
and of an additional sum of $-10,000 or $50>000
for prospective profits of the privateering cruise,
it is true, the bill does not state that the Secretary
of the Treasury is to pay this sum of $13i}G00;
but we all know how such a provision, especially
when worded as the bill is worded as amended
on the motion of the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Weller,] is construed. Senators
will perceive that, by the bill as it stands, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is to settle the claim on
piinciples of justice and equity. "Why not stop
there? Or it you choose to affix a sum, fix a
million, half a million, or one hundred thousand
dollars, as you please. But look at the provis-
ion once more. The amount is not to exceed
$131,000, " being thejsum demanded by the Gov-
ernment of the United State from the Government
of Portugal, for the losses and damages sus-
tained by the destruction of the said brig." Is not
that an indication to the Executive officers of the
Government, that, in the opinion of the Senate,
there may be justice and equity to the entire
amount of the claim? If it be, as the honorable
Senator from Delaware says, that it is the invari-
able practice of the Departments never to allow
prospective profits or prospective damage?, will
that honorable Senator tell me what was the mo-
tive of the friends of the claim for putting that
amount in the bill? Why was it not confined
to fp0,000? Observe, upon the face of the bill as
it stands, the amount has been calculated from
the papers in the case, and those papers specify
the details of which that sum is made up, and that
the exact amount thus ascertained has been in-
serted as the extent of the measure of relief.
Ilere, then, is the declaration by the Senate,
sanctioning,?!© far as its opinion can go, the allow-
ance of these prospective profits, by declaring that
the Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to go
to the extent of paying them, if, m his opinion,
justice and equity shall justify him in so doing.
He it? not to be guided by the precedents of the
Government, nor the opinions of the Attorney
General; but the exact sum claimed, aa well for
the prospective profits of the cruise as for the en-
tire valuation of the property at Make, and for all
the damages done to persons, the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized 10 pay out, with an indi-
cation of the judgment of the Senate upon the
subject, that it may be just and equitable to pay
the whole—not that it may be liberal, may be gen-
erous, proper, as a gift or acknowledgment of
splendid military or naval services, but that it may
be, m our opinion, just and equitable to pay the
whole. That is the irresistible inference from the
language of the amendment.
Now, Mr. President, I have said five times as
much as I intended when I began speaking. I
merely wished to state the reasons which induced
me to make any active opposition to this bill. I
must be permitted to say a few words more, and
I shall have done, and leave this eubjcct to the
better judgment of the Senate.
Mr. President, appeals have been made to us
upon this floor, and, 1 hesitate not to say it, out-
side of these walls, based upon the kindest and
most generous emotions of the heart, appeals
based on those noble and higher feelings which
honor a man in all circumstances, and in ail the rela-
tions of life. They have found an ceho upon the
iloor of the Senate. The honorable Senator from
Mississippi has depicted to us in glowing terms,
and made a eulogium as beautiful as, I have no
doubt, it was merited—of the entire life of the
gallant" officer who commanded this vessel. He
has said to us that he could understand the objec-
tions made to this biil, on such technical grounds,
if they were opposed m a court of law to the claim
of one private individual against another, by a
lawyer arguing the defendant's cause; but thathe
could not undeistand the assertion of principles
like these against a claim such as this when ad-
dressed to the liberality of the Senate.
If this claim had been addressed to theUberality
or publicgratitude of the country, my voice would
have remained silent, except to give my vote in
affirmance of the claim. If the claim had been
addressed to the liberality of Congress, as a testi-
monial of gratitude to men who had shed splendor
upon the public name by that deed, of which no .
one has a higher estimate than I have, I would
cheerfully have voted any sum that any-commit-
tee of the Senate could have been induced to pro-
pose. But, sir, when I see upon the very face of
the bill; when 1 see upon the face of the claim;
when I see upon the face of the report of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, that this is an ap-
peal, not to the liberality, but to the justice of
Congress; when I see, as the papers stand before
us, a claim, not for indemnity for injury to the
persons of those officers and crew, not a testimo-
nial for their gallantry as displayed in that action,
"but a demand upon the principles of public law,
that the Government should indemnify the claim-
ants, I cannot give it my vote; and I cannot con-
sent, by my silence, to give a tacit acquiescence in
its passage.
1 say to the friends of the bill, that if they have
a majority of the Senate, now that it is tuD, in
favor of the passage of the bill, and they shall
pass it again, I shall have at least the satisfaction
of feeling that I have done my duty on the sub-
ject. If, however the reconsideration of this bill,
as asked for, shall be accorded, and the friends of
the bill will permit all after the enacting clause to
be stricken out, and will agree to appropriate tins
or any other sum that any committee may think
proper or just, as an acknowledgment by Congress
of the splendid services of these men, and as a
testimonial of the giatitudc of the countiy for their
services, I will cheerfully vote with them. 1 ob-
ject, not to the amount, but I olject to the very
erroneous principles upon which the bill is ba^ed.
I ol ject to those principles because they establish
a precedent as dangerous, as 1 am confident it will
prove fatal to the public interests. I have stated
before a class of claims that aie now being pre-
pared against this Government. They are not
the only claims. There are a number of other
claimants who will throng these Halls, who will
besiege Congress at every session, so soon as it
shall be ascertained that the Government of the
United States undertakes to pay for the mistake
of the agents of the foreign department of its
affaiis, whenever they shall fail in obtaining jus-
tice abroad. Permit me to say that you have it
here admitted in the negotiations of that depart-
ment, that the citizens of this country own mil-
lions upon millions of claims against numerous
foreign Governments, which have not only been
sanctioned by the Executive department, but have
leceived the approval of Congress, and I wish to
know upon what principle you will refuse to pay
those claims after you have paid this ?
Mr. CLAYTON obtained the iloor.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator permit me,
by unanimous consent to submit a motion?
%dr. CLAYTON. Certainly.
JAPAN EXPEDITION.
Mr. MASON. A day or two since, at my in-
stance, a message from the President, communi-
cating to the Senate, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the body, the coriespondence relative to
the naval expedition to Japan, was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations. It is desirable
to have it printed; end I understand, if the order
is made to-day, it will be ready on Monday or
Tuesday at the furthest. I move that it be printed
The motion was agreed to.
DEATH OF THE MINISTER FROM GUAT® •
MALA.
Mr. MASON. I avail myself of the occasion,
with the permission of the Senate, to say that I
have received a note from the legation of Guate-
mala, addressed to me as chairman of one of the
committees of this body—the Committee on For-
eign Relations—informing me that Seiior Don
Felipe Molino, Minister Plenipotentiary of the
Republics of Costa Rica, Guatemala, and San
Salvador, departed this life on the first day of the
present month, and also announcing that hia
funeral will take place, from his late residence,
to-morrow at eleven o'clock. The communication
appears to be semi-official; and, as was done on
the occasion of the death of the late Minister from
Russia, to enable Senators to attend the funeral,
as a mark of respect to the memory of the de-
ceased, who is certainly highly entitled to it, but
without making it, on the Journal, the basis of
the motion, I will move, if the Senate allow me,
