542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
cumstances was to occur again, with it must occur
the other circumstance, that such a claim being
referred to a foreign arbitrator, who neither speaks
our language, nor is acquainted with our condi-
tion, nor ourcircumstances,is adjudicated without
giving the party for whom the prosecution is
conducted, the privilege of a hearing before the
tribunal, or of presenting, in any way, the case
which he makes up. If all these circumstances
shall occur again, 1 think this precedent will be
one of the most valuable in our history. But as it
has been long since the foundation of this action
was laid, and since the circumstances have entirely
passed away, we have no reason to apprehend
that this will be extended int© a precedent for any
future claims of this kind. On the other hand,
the precedents which, of all others, I least like to
see on our statute-books, are the precedents of
refusing a just indemnity to citizens of the Uni-
ted States whose property has been lost, and
whose lives have been periled in the defense of
the liberties and independence of the country.
Mr. BAYARD It is with reluctance that I
engage again in this debate. It occupied consid-
erable of the time of the Senate last Fitday; and,
were it not that 1 differ from someof the positions
taken by the honorable Senator from Louisiana in
the very able, clear, and logical argument which
he has made in the case, as he always does in the
discussions of this body, I should not trespass
again upon the time of the Senate. But, sir, there
are one or two questions which it is necessary to
touch upon before taking up the ground on which
I suppose the parties are entitled to relief. I shall
be as brief as I can.
The first is that the honorable Senator, in the
course of his remarks, towards the close, utters
what I think is calculated to create an objection to
the claim grounded on the form of the bill, which
it would hove been perfectly competent for him to
move to amend, when the bill was before the Sen-
ate previous to its third reading. I think, there-
fore, he might well have waived the objection to
the particular language of the bill, unless it is to
have the legal (fleet which he supposes. He
called for the reading of the bill in the concluding
part of his remark*, and he told us that it would
indicate the judgment of the Senate, and that the
officers would be influenced and biased by that
judgment, to allow the sum of $131,600. It is
not, Mr. President, a fair presumption that the
accounting officers will disregard the settled con-
struction winch is given m the Treasury Depart-
ment to the words which are contained m the bill,
namely, that they shall settle the claim according
to principles of equity and justice, from the im-
plication that individual Senators might be of the
opinion that the claim ought to be run up to
$131.GOO. It is very clear that the sum of $131,600
is pi tccd as a limitation, and not ys a direction.
The direction is to require the accounting offteeis
to settle the claim upon principles of equity s*.nd
justice. Beyond all question, if the honorable
Senator will ascertain the practice of the Depart-
ment—the settled practice—he will find that it has
been decided over and over again that they never
admit prospective profits in a case like that; so
that, it seems to me, there can be no difficulty
arising from the language of the bill; though I
should have been perfectly willing, when it was
before us, to have put it in such a shape as to have
excluded aU idea of allowing prospective profits,
no as not to leave room for a doubt. I should not
hesitate myself, under the bill as it stands, nor do
1 believe the accounting officers would hesitate, in
adjusting the account upon principles of equity
and jus'ice, not to allow the whole amount of
$131',600, if that includes the prospective profit.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I noticed the objectionable
feature m tne bill, as arnendsd by the Senator from
California, when it was under discussion; but I
did not offer an amendment, because 1 had not the
remotest idea that the bill would be ordered to a
third reading, when it received but twelve votes
when it was last before the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I did not mean to imply any
censure upon the honorable Senator; but 1 meant
to say, that when a bill is open to amendment,
and honorable Senators do not choose to move
amendments, but suffer the bill to be engrossed
and read a third tune, unless it is exceedingly
objectionable in form, and imperatively requires
amendment, I think it is somewhat too late to
make that an objection to the bill.
But, sir, the honorable Senator tells us that out-
side appeals have been made. If that were a rea-
son for the rejection of this bill, I apprehend no
bill would pass Congress. It has become the
fashion of the day. I admit it is an objectionable
one, and I hope it will be remedied by the bill,
which has passed the Senate foracourtof claims,
becoming a law. I desire to see it entirely put an
end to; but it forms no argument against this bill,
even if such appeals were made. I have, in a
variety of cases, had appeals made to me; and
my rule is to hear whatever they have to say, but
not to give my opinion, but to make it up on the
facts and principles of law applicable to those facts
which may come before us in the Senate. I am
always willing to hear the parties. I have heard
in that way certainly a great many appeals which
had no effect upon me, for I have endeavored, in
reference to^cases of this kind, to look to the
decisions of my head, and not to suffer my feel-
ings to enter into them, if it could possibly be
avoided; and E have done this for the reason that
I think the instincts of the heart may be well
trusted in our individual affairs, because there self-
love and humanity would check any man making
a decision improper m regard to his own affairs;
but when you act under delegated powers, if you
suffer the feeling*, as they are called, to enter into
the decision, the danger is, that political bias, per-
sonal bias, and personal appeals, and a thousand
other considerations of that kind, will warp your
decision, and the result will be anything but the
decision of the judgment—a decision of passion
and prejudice. I cannot, therefore, and do not
attempt, in any case, to exercise that portion of
,the power that belongs to me as a representative
from the State of Delaware, as a delegated trust
on any other ground than the best judgment which
I can form—^uffenng my mind to act in a judicial
manner. With this explanation I come to the
difference between the honorable Senator from
Louisiana ard myself.
1 have stated xu the former debate, Mr. Presi-
dent, that it is nothing; uncommon, nay, it is
inevitable, for different human minds to arrive at
the same conclusion, reasoning by different pro-
cesses, and superinduced by differenthnes of argu-
ment. i agree, m general, with the remarks of
the honorable Senator from Louisiana. He has
stated the principles of public law, and the evils
which would flow from a counter construction, in
general, as I think they ought to be stated, with
more clearness than 1 could do; but I consider
this an exceptional case, and the evil which he
supposes would result in making a precedent of
the case, does not exist in point of fact, and can
have no application to future cases.
The honorab'e Senator, m his remarks, forgot
that in the former argument I placed it, in regard
to the question of light, on two giounds—the
grounds of gross negligence on the part of the
United Stages, which actually prejudiced the claim;
and further, supposing the Government to have
urged the claim, and to have failed to obtain it,
that on thegtound of a gratuity, we mi^ht per-
fectly well ailow this claim in the same mode as
during the war we paid money to other officers,
and 1 instanced the case of officers of the Wasp
in capturing the Frolic, although she was recap-
tured twenty-four hours afterwards by a superior
forcc. 1 placed the right to sustain the biil upon
both grounds; and I may be allowed to remark
that on either ground, if just, the bill may be sup-
ported.
The bill does not purport, on its fsce, to review
the decision of the Emperor of Fiance. It simply
states that it is to pt«y the claim. The reasons for
the payment are not staged on the face of the bill;
therefore, whether they are indicated in the report
of the committee, or given by one Senator or
another, is no reason why I should not support
the bill, if T think it ought to be put on-either
ground. If the bill indicated on its face, and by
its language, that it was put solely on one ground,
that might be another matter; but it simply pro-
vides for the paj'ment of a just claim against a
foreign Government, by citizens of the United
States out of the Treasury of the United States.
Whether it is a gratui'y or a right founded upon
the negligence of the United States, it is equally
sustainable, and there can be no reason for altering
tho form of the bill, in my judgment, founded
upon that. But I come now to the question of
right.
The honorable Senator has presented to me,
according to his statement, a dilemma, and the
second horn of the dilemma is, that I must hold,
according to the principles of public law, where
there has been a m-i-stake made by the agent of the
Government who is charged with the prosecution
of a claim, the Government is responsible, or that
I cannot vote for this case. Mr. Piesident, I do
not think that follows. The honorable Senator is
too well skilled in the principles of Jaw not to
know the difference between gross mistakes and
mistakes. An exception was made in a case
which was passed by both Houses of Congress at
the last session, arising under the Mexican treaty.
Under the Mexican treaty we had before us claims
which were presented, based upon the allegation
that the commissioners had fraudulently neglected
their duties as regarded the claimants, who pro-
tested. There the proof did not ?how any mal-
versation on the part of the commissioners against
the claimant; avd, therefore, that ground failed;
but the committee took the further ground, that if,
on the face of the decision of the commissioner, it
appeared that he had made a plain mistake in law,
we had the right to correct that; and we reported
a bill in the case of Jarrero, and it passseu both
Mouses of Congress.
That is the distinction which was made in that
case. I say, here, according to the terms of the
treaty as negotiated, there was no exclusion of
the right to be heard. It provides that the claims
shall be submitted. It provides that each Govern-
ment shall furnish all the papers in its possession;
but it does not exclude the right of the American
Government to make a representation or statement
of facts before the arbiter. I say that is a right
that grows inevitably from the agreement to sub-
mit to arbitration, unless it is expressly prohibited
by the language of the treaty. In regard to the
right of hearing, I differ very essentially from the
honorable Senator from Louisiana in the import-
ance attached to it. He puts it on the ground that
my exception is simply that the written argument
was not offered to the arbitrator. Sir, that is not
the ground alone. That is the illustration of the
ground; but the ground is that the Secretary of
State gave the construction to that treaty, and as-
signed as a reason for refusing to receive the written
argument, that the party had no right to be heard
before the Prince President. I took the language
of the treaty arid looked at it. It contains no in-
hibition against that. I studied it to see if there
was any principle of law which could possibly
prohibit the right to be heard, and I could find no
such principle, unless it was founded in injustice.
I presumed that Mr. Webster, in the hurryof bus-
iness, had fallen into an error, and I considered
that, distinguished as he was, he had made a plain
mistake; and, according to the testimony in this
case, the result of that mistake has been a loss to
the party—that loss arising from that mi&take
alone, and from nothing: else.
Here is the dilemma I put to the honorable Sen-
ator: Mr. Webster, on the ground that the treaty
did not expressly provide for the hearing, rejected
the right of the party to have his case stated, either
through our Minister at Paris, or by his own
written argument. The case was decided by the
arbitration without a hearing. No steps were
taken to have a hearing on the part of the claim-
ants before the President of France, or before the
individual selected by him to investigate this ques-
tion. It was decided without a hearing by th®
umpire, and merely on the previous diplomatic
correspondence of the two Governments. Now,
sir, 1 should be unwilling to impute to the Empe-
ror of France, or to the individual selected by him
to investigate this question, that, acting under any
improper influence, he arrived at a "decision so
clearly erroneous as he did arrive at in this case.
I should be unwilljnjr to impute that; but when I
find, on the face of his decision, that the ground
of error evidently has been the want of a proper
presentation of the case, I have a right to presume
that it was a gross neglect on the part of the offi-
cer, which prevented the case being fairly presented
for the claimant.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "Will the Senator,allow
me to ask him whether he has seen the evidence
that was presented to the arbitrator on the part of
the Portuguese Government, so that he can clearly
assert anything m regard to it?
Mr. BAYARD. 1 will give the ground of my
argument to the honorable Senator, and the Senate
