1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
can judge. I do not say that I know it all; I
certainly have not seen it; but this case of the
General Armstrong,* as far as the material facts
are connected with the decision of the Prince Pres-
ident, is not a mere matter of testimony given
before him a%jn a court of la.w. It is a matter of
history—undeniable history—and it is on this
ground that I mean to show that there must have
been some defect in the arrangement of the testi-
mony produced before the Prince President, or in
the mode of presenting the argument, or else he
could not have arrived at the decision which he
gave.
I have stated that, in my judgment, there was
a palpable misconstruction of the treaty by Mr.
Webster, when he refused to allow the claimants
to be heard. The treaty contains no provision
prohibiting them from being heard; and I know
of no principle of natural justice, of no principle
of the law of nations, of no principle of muni-
cipal lav/ which would deny the right of hearing
where there was an arbitration, and the umpire
was to decide as a judge, unless there was an ex-
press stipulation that there should be no hearing.
Sir, T hold that the only security against impropei,
arbitrary, or hasty decisions is publicity, and
allowing both sides the right of presenting their
case. They may not choose to exercise the right;
they may submit their case without it; but the
right itself is essential, as a great principle of jus-
tice, for the proper decision, by any tribunal, on
any subject-matter, whatever. It is the abandon-
ment of this right in this case, which m my opin-
ion constitutes the gross neglect of our own Secre-
tary of State. I wish to show, in connection with
this, that it was the abandonment of that right
which produced the decision against the claimant
in the case. It is not probable that all the minute
details of the transaction would be gone into so
fully in the diplomatic correspondence of the two
Governments as they would be if the parties had
a ri^ht to be heard before the umpire when he
was to render a judicial decision.
The case of the General Armstrong occurred
during the war of 1812. The Government of the
United States, as soon as peace was restored,
claimed indemnity from Portugal for the conse-
quences arising from the non-protection of this
American vessel within her waters, which, as a
neutral, sb* was bound to protect, even by force,
if neccssar^.' The Prince President of France, in
his decision, admits the principle of law which [
stated the otherday, on this point, lie admits the
right to protection, the duty to protect, and the
responsibility of the neutral power m case of non-
protection. The honorableSenntorfrom Louisiana
concedes this. It iy an undeniable ri«*ht, and the
•weakness of the neutral nation affords her no
excuse, and does not release her from her respon-
sibility arising from her national character.
As I have said, the claim was made by the
Government of the United States on the Govern-
ment of Portugal. I am speaking now historically;
I cannot go into all the facts of the ease, fori have
not examined all the documents and testimony
laid before the arbitrator. If, however, hon-
orable Senator will show me that Portugal ever
pretended to take the ground in regard to the facts
of the case, upon which the decision of Louis
Napoleon is based, I shall be almost disposed to
give up the claim, so far as concerns the point
that a mistake was committed by the Secretary of
State in not allowing the parties to be heard. But,
sir, is it not a known fact in the history of this
transaction, that there was a boat expedition de-
tached from the British squadron to cut out the
General Armstrong, and that it failed? The next
day they ranged a frigate along side of her when
she was still in a neutral port, and she was then
abandoned and burnt by her own officers and
crew. Are not these facts of history ? Has Por-
tugal ever preten4ed to deny them ? Has Great
Britain ever, pretended to deny that the boat
expedition was sent from the squadron for the
purpose of cutting out the General Armstrong?
What is the frivolous ground on which the
decision is made? That the General Armstrong
was the aggressor, because there was no-evidence
before the arbitrator that those boats had any
arms on board at the time they approached the
Armstrong. They were the boats of an enemy's
squadron approaching in hostile array, but be-
cause there was no testimony to show that they
had any arms on board, though they engaged in
conflict, though they were defeated, though his-
tory, from that day to this, has shown the fact
that this was nothing more nor less than an attempt
to cut out an American privateer—the Prince
President decides that there was no proof of a
hostile intent on the part of the British.
Sir, it seems to me that looking at that decision
as it stands, you can, by possibility, draw but one
of two inferences from it: either that the decision
was corrupt, or that there was not a fair presenta-
tion of the facts of the case and the principles on
which the claim was founded. If trouble had
been taken, the facts in regard to the only point
on which the decision is based, it would have been
very easy to ascertain the official reports of the
commanderof that squadron, Commodore Lloyd,
to the British Government. An examination of
his report of the occurrence can leave no doubt
that the boat expedition was intended to cut out
the American brig. Did anyone ever think, until
the decision was made, of any such ground as that
upon which it is based ? It took every one by sur-
prise. The undeniablefactsofhistoryareagainst
it. If the General Armstrong, without cause,
commenced the aggression by firing on the British
boats in a neutral poit, why was no demand ever
made by Portugal on the United States for in-
demnity for this violation of her neutrality ? Such
a thing was never dreamed of. It was conceded
throughout the correspondence that the aggression
had been committed in violation of the laws of na-
tions by Great Britain on the American privateer,
while lying in the neutral port. The decision is
based on the assumption that the aggression com-
menced on the part of the General Annstrung,
and, therefore, that there was no liability resting
on Portugal. Look at it:
c{ Considering that if it be clear that on the night of the
2Gih of September, some long boat.", commanded
' by Lieutenant Robert Knu-^ctt, ot liie I?nti?h Navy, ap-
pioaohed the American blip, 4 the General Ann^liony,'U
, ihtioteeitain that the men who manned the boaN aiorewnd
were provided with aims ami ammunition."
Tina is the ground on which the case was de-
cided; but subsequently, in another part of his
decision, he admits the principle of liability for
which I have contended. He says:
"Cnnsidoiin<r, in thi-t *inte of things that Captain Reid,
not having applied iiom ibe he nimut£ '°i the intervention
<tl the neutral hoveieii'n, and having had recourse to arms
' in order to repel an unjust tignres^mn ot which he pretended
i to be the object, has tints huh d to re-peet the neutrality of
; the teintoiy o! the foreign soveici .i, and rel< a-ed that
! sovereign of (he obligation, in whieii he was to artord him
( protection by any othc r meant* than that ol a pacihc inter-
! venuon.,J
| lie did not deny that outside of the act, accord-
i ing to the law of nations, the obligation of pro-
j tection existed; and he therefore admitted the
; liability of Portugal, but took the ground that the
j aggression commenced on the part of Captain
| Ileul, in firing upon those boats which were not
i known to be armed, and that this destroyed all
| right of relief. Does any Senator in this body
doubt that this is a mere quibble upon the evi-
dence? The truth of history, irom 1815 to this
day, is against it. Portugal never made any such
pretense. If there could have been the least pre-
tense for presuming the existence of such a state
of things Portugal would have claimed remunera-
tion from the United States for a violation of her
neutrality, instead of claiming it from Great Brit-
ain, and Great Britain would at once have asserted
the fact, and wouid have interfered in the affair to
the fullest extent, upon the ground that she had a
| claim on Portugal for the destruction of the men
in those boats in consequence of the aggressions
of the American privateer General Armstrong.
In the face of all these facts, on the frivolous
ground that it is not clear that the men in the
boats were armed, though two hundred were
slaughtered in persisting in the attack on the ves-
sel, the Prince President of France decided against
the claim. Surely the facts could not have been
brought before him. There was no statement pre-
sented to him of the grounds upon which the
claim rested under the pi indoles of the law of
nations. The argument of the party would have
contained that; the representation of the American
Minister, if he had been allowed to be heard,
would have contained that. I am unwilling to
presume that so atrocious a decision would have
been made if the great principle of justice had
been preserved, of allowing the party to be heard
in a case in which his interests alone were con-
cerned.
Further, sir, this case has its peculiarity in the
fact that, upon the construction given to the treaty
by the Secretary of State, it stands isolated from
all others. It was a case in which the right of a
single claimant alone was made the subjectof arbi-
tration. In no other instance, in our history, has
the pretense ever been set up, when the rights of
individuals were referred to arbitration by the
Government, that the Government would deny
not only to them but to itself the right to be heard
in support of those claims. There is the injus-
tice. The mismanagement of the case is nothing,
but the gross neglect, as I have called it, is founded
in the denial of the right to be heard.
There is no parallel between this and the cases
with which the honorable Senator from Louisiana
endeavored to frighten us, of claims which may
be made under the present treaty with GreatBrit-
ain. There the parties had the right to be heard;
there was a commissioner appointed on the part
of the United States to take charge of their claims
and submitjarguments in their support; and there
can be no case of gross negligence, even though
that officer may have committed errors of judg-
ment in the course of the arguments which he
may have advanced. I draw the distinction then.
1 admit, as fully as the honorable Senator from
Louisiana, that when the nation prosecutes the
claim of a private citizen against a foreign Gov-
ernment, it is in herdiscretion to say whether she
will arbitrate it or not. She has it in her discre-
tion to say to what extent she will pursue it. She
has a very wide discretion in the management of
the claim. But still, if acting in good faith, one
of her officers commits a gross mistake in the
prosecution of that claim, which releases and de-
j stroys the rights of the claimant, I should be
willing, in that excepted case, to vote remunera-
tion. As an illustration of this, let me refer to
a bill which you passed this morning, and to one
which you passed at the first session of the Senate
that I was a member of the body. I will state
those cases, and then let the honorable Senator
distinguish, if he can, between the principle of
this claim and those two cases. He did not op-
pose, this morning, the bill to which I referred. I
allude to a case where the collector of the port of
j Buffalo, in New York, was sued for dnmages,
arising out of a mistaken act on his part, in good
faith, m the execution of his duty. The Govern-
ment of the United States was not legally liable,
but being satisfied that he acted in good faith, as
he was not able to respond in damages, you
passed a bill this morning, paying the amount
from the Treasury. Is there anything particular
: m the duties of a collector which, in such a case
as that, would render you liable to the individual
when he failed to collect the claim from the col-
lector, any more than you ought to be responsible
for the gross mistakes of a Secretary of State?
Does your liability extend only to subordinate
officers? I admit that it is a matter of discretion;
it is not a general rule; each case must be brought
before you; and each makes its own precedent,
and goes no further.
The other case to which I have alluded is
that of Colonel Mitchell. He was an officer of
the Army, who gave certain.orders which, in my
judgment, he had the right to give; but the case
was tried in the State of New York, and a verdict
was rendered against him. His property was
under execution, and an appeal was made to Con-
gress. The Government was not responsible;
but believing that he had acted in good fsi:h in
giving those orders, even though he was personally
liable, Congress passed a bill to indemnify him
for the consequences of his act.
Is there any distinction between the cases ? In
one instance, you have chosen to make yourselves
liable for a mistake made in good faith by an offi-
cer in your employment, when his specific acts
were before you. Why may you not extend the
same principle to this case if you think the claim-
ant is justified in coming before you? That is the
principle of all these cases. They afford no pre-
cedent for others; each stands on its own ground.
The principle I understand to be that, though
the Government is not liable for the consequences
of those mistakes as a general rule, yet there are
individual cases where the rights of a party have
been prejudiced by the misapprehension or mis-
take of an officer of the Government, be he civil
or military, be he Secretary of State or collector,
where Congress will interpose in its discretion,
