THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 1855.
New Series No. 35.
should be glad to comment upon, if time would
allow, but I know that I have trespassed too much
on the patience of the Senate in regard to this
claim, and 1 will now leave it to their decision.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President,! do not intend
to enter into any discussion on the subject of this
claim. I wish merely to say that 1 concur en-
tirely in what was so well said this morning by
my friend from Louisiana. Having said that, I
wish also to add a remark which, I think, is due
to the occasion; that 1 think my friend from Del-
aware, in the manner in which he has spoken of
the President of France, has not maintained that
high courtesy which usually marks his course.
The chief of the then Governmentof France was
not an intruder into this business. He was asked
to act the part of umpire and decide this question.
He decided it. He had no interest in it. He
may have erred, as any other man might; but i
do not think it is exactly fair for us to use terms
in respect to him which imply that he is either
stupid or corrupt. 1 fear that, if we should ever
again have occasion to call for the umpirage of a
question between us and another Power, such
remarks having been made here might have some
influence in preventing any representaiive of a
foreign Government from consenting to act on
such an occasion.
But, Mr. President, what I principally rose for
was to say, that ihe Senate is now thin, the hour
is late, and that, I think, we had better adjourn.
I submit that motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 31 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER laid before the Iloufo a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting reports from the Commissioner of
Indian A (Fairs and the General Land Office, in
answer to the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 10th ultimo, requiring him to in-
form the House what steps had been taken to carry
out the stipulations of the treaty with the Dela-
ware Indians, made in 1854, as far as relates to
the land ceded in trust to the United States, and
the unlawful occupation of a portion of that ces-
sion, or the cession of any other Indians; and also
requiring him to communicate what information
he may have in regard to alleged trespasses upon
the same, and whether any officers of the civil,
military, and Indian service have been engaged in
speculating m Indian lands, <&c.; which, on mo-
tion by Mr. Faulknf-r, was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILr, SIGNED.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the act to
change the names of the American-built vessels J.
H. Holmes and Fiankhn Pierce; and it received
the signature of the Speaker.
INTRODUCTION OF A RESOLUTION.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to permit me to offer a resolu-
tion calling upon the War Department for some
papers throwing light upon an engagement which
took place on thfe 19th of August, 185-1, with the
Sioux Indians.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Soeretaryof War be to
communicate to tbN Hoine all the dispatches and aii tin- in-
formation received bylmn and on file in hi- office, relating
to the engagement which took place near Fort Laramie,o 
the-19Ui of August, I£.14, between a detachment of the Uni-
ted States troops and the riioux Indians
The question was taken; and the resolution was
agreed to.
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL.
Mr. PULLER, by the unanimous consent of
the House, introduced a bill " authorizing the
35
construction of a marine hospital at Chelsea, Mas-
sachusetts;" which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
CONSIDERATION OP PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. EDGERTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. UPHAM. Will thegentleman from Ohio
allow me to make a motion, which will occupy but
a moment? I am directed by the select commit-
tee of the House on the Smithsonian Institution,
to ask authority from the House to employ a
clerk.
Mr. EDGERTON. I insist upon the regular
order of business.
Mr. UPHAM. Do I understand that the mem-
ber from Ohio still insists upon the regular order?
The SPEAKER. The member from Ohio [Mr.
Edgerton] and the member from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] both insist upon the regular order.
Mr. UPHAM. The business of the select
committee requires a clerk to be appointed forth-
with. We need him bat for a short period.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio withdraw las objection to the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts ?
Mr. EDGERTON. I do not.
The SPEAKER. The business first m order
13 the consideration of private bills reported by
a Committee of the Whole House yesteiday
evening.
The following Senate bills were reported, with-
out amendment:
An act for the relief of E. J. MeLane;
An act fur the relief of Catharine B. Arnold;
and
An act to increase the pension of Patrick C.
Miles.
The bills were then severally ordered to be read
a third time; and having been read, they were sub-
sequently passed.
The following House bills and resolutions,
reported from the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, without amendment, yes-
terday, were next taken up, and severally ordered
to be engrossed and rend a third time; and having
been engrossed, were read a third time, and passed:
A bill for the relief of Henry II. Marsh;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Ridgway;
A joint resolution for the relief of John Dugan;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of William A. Christian;
A bill for the relief of Sarah Morris, only heir
of Robert Mitchell, deceased;
A bill for the relief of William Brown;
A bill for the relief of James Mclntire;
A bill for the relief of Solomon La Follett;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Foreman;
A hill for the further relief of Isaac Allen, of
Turner, in the State of Maine;
A hill for the relief of Wyatt Griffith, of Wash-
ington county, in the State of Tennessee;
A bill for the relief of Medford Caffey, of the
State of Tennessee;
A bill for the relief of Paul S. Ridgway;
A joint resolution for the relief of James Hughes;
A bill granting a pension to Joseph McCormick;
A bill for the benefit of the heirs of Philip R.
Rice, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the widow of W. Irving,
deceased;
A bill for the relief of William Haggerty;
A bill for the relief of Rebecca Winn, widow
and executrix of the last will and testament of
Timothy Winn, cu ceased, late a purser in the
Navy of the United S'ttfes;
A bill for the relief of Thomas S.J.Johnson;
A bill increasing the pension of Anthony W.
Bayard, of BelleSonte, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania;
A bill for the relief of George Bush, of Thurs-
ton county, Washington Territory;
A bill for the leltef of James P. Roan; and
A bill confirming a land claim to Elijah White,
of the Territory of Washington.
House bill No. 682, reported yesterday from a
Committee of the Whole House without amend-
ment, for the relief of Frederick Griffing, was
next takrn up.
Mr STANTON, of Tennessee. The bill pro-
vides for the payment, to Frederick Griffing, of
a certain amount of purchase money due him from
the Government, but, by an error, the words,
"out of the Treasury" were omitted from the
bill. I move that those words be inserted in the
third line.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
subsequently read a third time, and passed.
Mr. HENN. House bill (No. 705) for the
relief of the assignee of bounty land warrant,
No. 27849, issued to William Phillips and Sarah
Connor, was reported yesterday from a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
The object of that bill is provided for by gen-
eral law, and it is unnecessary to encumber the
statute-book with it. It ought not to pass.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am satisfied that such
is the case, and I am willing that the bill be laid
upon the table. I make that motion.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
House bill (No. 570) for the relief of John R.
Bowes, agent in charge of the property of the
United States at Michigan City, in the State of
Indiana, was next reported to the House.
Mr. HAVEN. This bill, which was reported
yesterday from a Committee of the Whole House,
is a bill to provide for the payment of a small
claim of $800 to an agent having charge of some
public property in Indiana. It should pass of
course.
There is a claim of $452 32, which the proper
Department declares to be due to a man by the
name of Isaac S. Smith, of Buffalo, for like ser-
vices thpre. The Committee of Ways and Means
are in favor of it, and I wish to put the two claims
together, and pass them both at once.
I offer the following as an amendment:
Sue. 9. Anil be it further enacted, That Ihe Secretary of
the Treasury he, and he hereby is, authorized and directed
to pay, out of any monoy in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propi uited, to fsaac S. Smith $452 32, in full of his account
for care of public property in the city of Buffalo up to the
30th of Apul, 1853, under the direction of the Topographical
Bureau.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was subsequently read a third time,
and passed.
Mr. HAVEN. I move to amend the title by
adding the words "and Isaac S. Smith, of the
city of Buffalo."
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The bill of the House (No.
6127) for the relief of Thomas C. Ramsey and An-
anias O. Richardson, was reported from a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, without amendment;
but upon being repoited, an amendment was
offered by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher,] and adopted. The Clerk will report
the amendment.
The amendment was to insert in the fourth line,
after the word " Tennessee" the words "and
James McLaughlin," so as to include him within
the provisions of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time;and being engrossed, it was sub-
sequently read a third time, and passed.
Mr, LETCHER. I move to amend the title of
the bill, by inserting, after the others, the name of
James McLaughlin.
Mr. ROWE. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman had better
state his reasons for his objection.
Mr. ROWE. The gentleman calls for the rea-
sons of my objection. Well, in the first place, I
think that the bill is an improper one. In the next
