546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
place, 1 think that the gentleman has squeezed
his amendment in without the knowledge of the
House. Yesterday 1 objected to his amendment.
I supposed, of course, that my objection was en-
tered; but it seems that it does notappear upon the
Journal.
The SPEAKER. The amendment was made
in the House, and was regularly in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from New York says that the bill is an improper
one. I will state, in a few words, its original pro-
vision. It is for an increase of pension allowed,
under the laws of the country, to Thomas C.
Ramsey and Ananias 0. Richardson, from eight
to sixteen dollars the month, each of them having
lost a right arm at the battle of Monterey. These
two men live in the State of Tennessee, but are'not
constituents of mine. The Legislature of that
State unanimously petitioned Congress to grant
this increase of pension. When the Tennessee
and the Mississippi regiments were making a
charge upon the fort at Monterey, the first ball
which struck the American troops took off the
right arms of Ramsey and Richardson, and the
left leg of another member of their company, who
now lives in my county. The same ball which
deprived these men of their right arms and another
of his left leg, killed four other members of the
company. The mishap was witnessed by my
friend, the Delegate from Kansas, [Mr. Whit-
field.]
Mr. ROWE. This amendment was not before
the committee yesterday. It strikes me as im-
proper, because its subject-matter has not been
Mufficiently explained to the House.
In answer to the gentleman from Tennessee, I
will inquire of him whether James McLaughlin,
who is now introduced by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] was one of the persons
of whom he speaks?
Mr. JONES. I understood the gentleman from
Virginia to have stated yesterday, m explanation
of his amendment, that Mr. McLaughlin lost his
right arm in some battle of the war 1812.
"Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir, and while he was
under the command of General Harrison. The
facts have been fully set before the House.
Mr. ROWE. I have seen no statement of the
facts. The House do not know the facts.
The SPEAKER. Discussion is taking a wide
range on the motion for amendment of the title of
the bill. .
The gentleman from New York, as the Chair
undeistands, raises the question of order that the
Journal has not been properly made up; that the
amendment is improperly before the House, he
having objected to it at a time when amendments
were not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. When th  chair-
man of the Committee of the Whole House made
his report, yesterday, I was temporarily occupy-
ingthe chair. The gentleman from VirginiaJMr.
Letcher] moved to amend House bill (No. G27)
for the relief of Thomas C. Ramsey and Ananias
0. Richardson, by inserting the name of James
McLaughlin, of Virginia. The Chair stated that,
if there was no objection, the amendment would
be entertained.
Mr ROWE. I made objection at that time.
Mr. JONES. If the gentleman did, the Chair
did not hear it. I believe that the gentleman did
object in committee.
Mr. ROWE. And I objected to the amend-
ment in the House, after the chairman made his
report from a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. LETCHER. There was no objection
heard by any man in the House. I appeal to
members to say whether there was.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desired an expla-
nation only for the satisfaction of gentlemen. If
the amendment was made m the House, as the
Chair understands it was, it was in order, and
there could be no question of order upon it. The
only question now is upon the amendment to the
title of the bill, the bill having passed.
Mr. ROWE. Could not objection be made
when the amendment \vas proposed here?
The SPEAKER. If the bill was up for con-
sideration in the House, the amendment was in
order.
Mr. ROWE. I then made objection.
The SPEAKER. The amendment was most
certainly in order this morning, when the bill was
up.
Mr. HAVEN. I call for the previous question
on the amendment to the title.
Mr. JONES. As 1 was m the chair when the
Chairman oi' a Committee of the Whole House
made his report, 1 hope 1 may be permitted to say
that I did not understand a gentleman could object
to an amendment being proposed, he might ob-
ject to the consideration of the bill.
The call for the previous question received a
second, and the mam question was ordered to be
now put.
The amendment to the title was agreed to; and
he title, as amended, was adopted.
The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
the following amendment ol a Committee of the
Whole House to Senate bill (No. 142) for the
relief of Don Juan B. Domercq:
Add at the end ol'Uie bill ihe words :
Winch shall be 111 lull ^atislaetiou for any claim upon
the Government ot the United States.
The anundment was agreed to.
The*bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and being read a third tune, it was passed.
The SPEAKER, The Committee of the Whole
House have lepoited a substitute for House bill
(No. 628) to repeal an act entitled " An act for the
relief of George M. Eentley, of the State of Indi-
ana,'' approved August 5,1854, in these words:
"That no payments>liall be made to George M. Bentley
aftei the 4ill ol March, lfcoo, under an act entitled ' an act
fur the rphet of George M. Bentley, of the Stale of Indi-
ana,'5 approved August 5, 1814, until the claim and a
right to a pension ot "the said lientley fehall have been pre-
sented to die Comrmsfciouer ot Pension*, appioved :md
allowed under the rules and restitution* governing the
examination and allowance ot invalid pension claims tor
disabilities contracted in the Mexican war."
The substitute was adopted.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was read a
third time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. HENDRICKS, the title was
amended by striking out the word "repeal," and
inserting in its stead the word "amend;" so that
it would read, an act to amend an act entitled
" An act for the relief of George M. Bentley, of the
State of Indiana," approved August 5,1854.
Senate joint resolution (No. 42) for the relief
of George W. McCfrren, reported from a Com-
mittee ot the Whole House, with an amendment
to strike out the words " with interest thereon
from tile date of then seizure," came up next in
order.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was then ordered to
a third reading; and was accordingly read a third
time, and passed.
Senate bill (No. 34C>) for the relief of the heirs-
at-law of William Van Wart, deceasid, reported
from a Committee of the Whole lloube, with an
amendment to strike out the words " heirs-at-
law," and insert "children," came up next for
consideiation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read a third time,
and passed.
House bill (No. 700) for the relief of the heirs
of Thomas Morris, reported from a Committee
of the Whole House, with an amendment to
strikeout, m the fourth line, the word "heirs,"
and insert in lieu thereof the word " children,"
came up nest m order. !
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. I move to further
amend, by inserting, after the word "children,"
the words " and grandchildren."
The amendment v/as agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. 1 move still further to amend,
by striking out, in the twelfth line, the word
"heirs," and inserting in lieu thereof the words
" children and grandchildren."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, was accordingly read a third time and
i passed.
Mr. MILLER. I move to amend the title so
as to make it conform to the bill, by striking out
the word "heirs" and inserting in lieu thereof
the words " children and grandchildren," so that
the title would read:
" A bill for the relief of the children and grand-
children of Thomas Morris."
The amendment was agreed to; and the title, aa.
amended, agreed to.
House bill (No. 611) for the relief of William
G. Preston, late a captain in the war of the United
States with Mexico.
The Committee of the Whole House reported
the following substitute for the bill:
That the sum of $375 25 be, and the fame is hereby, ap-
propriated, out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, and that the same be paid to William <*•
Preston, late a captain in the war with Mexico, to reim-
burse linn for subsisting his command, and foraging the
horses of Ins company, from Ozaik 10 Washington, m
Hempstead county, in the State ot Arkansas.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time;and being engrossed,
was accordingly read a third time, and passed.
The title of the bill was then made to conform
to the amendment.
House bill (No. 708) for the relief of James P.
Roan, reported from a Committee of the Whole
House, with an amendmentto strikeoutthe word
" relation" and insert the word " location," came
up next in order.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, was accordingly read a third time, and
passed.
Senate bill (No. 356) for the relief of George
Dennett, of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, re-
ported from a Committee of the Whole House,
with a recommendation that it do not pass, came
up next in order.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the bill be
laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HILLYER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House, that the Committee of the Whole
House may be discharged from the further con-
sideration of Senate bill (No. 256) for the relief
of the West Feliciana Railroad and the Georgia
Railroad and Banking Company. All objection
to this bill, so far as 1 know, in Committee of the
Whole House has been withdrawn.
[Cries of "Read the bill."]
The bill was read in externa. It directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to refund to the West Fe-
liciana Railroad Company, the amount paid by
them on judgments obtained against said company
by suits instituted on duty bonds given by said
company for the importation of certain bars of
railroad iron imported at New Orleans, in July,
1836; and at New York in the same month of the
same year.
The second section makes a similar provision
in reference to the Georgia Railroad and Banking
Company.
The report was also read, from which it appears
that, under the provisions of the act of Congress
of 1832, many companies were invited by Congress
to enter upon the construction, of railroads in all
parts of the United States, as said act authorized
the Secretary of the Treasury to return the duties
upon all rails when duly certified that they had
been laid down for rise. Among other companies,
under this act of 1832, were the West Feliciana
and Georgia Railroad and Banking Companies,
who embarked upon the construction of their
roads. In the progress of their undertaking the
money market was greatly embarrassed, still these
companies struggled on with their roads.
In 1S43, Congress enacted a law directing that,
after a certain day m that year, all rails imported
should pay duties, if not laid down before a defi-
nite day therein mentioned. This enactment,
however, did not and could not equitably spply to
companies that had commenced their roads under
and upon the faith of the provisions of the act of
1832, promising a return of duties when the rails
should be laid down. And what proves this
clearly to be the ease is the fact that, on the very
day that the act of 1843 was to go into operation,
the two Houses of Congress passed an act giving
a year within which the parties might certify that
the rails were laid down.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Does the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia require unani-
mous consent?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. JONES. Then I object.
Mr. REESE. I hope the gentleman from Petm-
I sylvania will withdraw his objection to this bilh
