552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February ^
Mr. PRATT. But the gentleman does not
answer my question. I ask him, if Colonel Colt
was in the condition he describes before that com-
mittee, whether he places any confidence in that
testimony f
Mr. LETCHER. Well,l will answer the gen-
tleman frankly. I have no confidence in his state-
ments, because I believe it is utterly impossible
that any man, who has himself amassed a million
of dollars, would be very likely to give unlimited
discretion to another to draw his funds, and apply
them to such purposes and objects as he chose.
It is impossible that any man would thus surren-
der the control of his own means.
Now, sir, Mr. Colt has a book-keeper, by the
name of Joslyn. Here is his testimony:
" Question by Mr. Thurston. Are you Colonel Colt's
book-keeper ; if so, how lung have you been in Colonel
Colt's employ as his book-keeper ?
" Answer. I am. 1 have been employed in that capa-
city nearly five years.
" Question by Mr. Thurston. Have you a separate ac-
count open in your books to which may be chargeable the
expenses incurred in procuring the extension of Colt's
patent of 1836 ; if so, what amount has been charged, anil
through whose agency ?
>' Jlnswer. I have no such account.
<' Question by Mr. Wheeler. What amount of money,
if any, has Mr. Dickerson drawn from Colonel Colt for the
purpose of securing the extension of his patent?
" Jlnswer, I do not know that be has drawn any for
such purpose. There is a balance against him of more
than $9,U00 and less than @10,000. The whole of the debit
side of his account is $15,000; the credit side between
$5,000 and §6,000."
Now, sir, that is a significant fact. Here is a
book-keeper, charged with keeping the books of
the establishment, and with the entry of the items
on both sides of the account, and that book-keeper,
according to his own testimony, keeps the items
which make up one side of the account only, so
far as Mr. Dickerson's account is concerned.
Again:
" Question by Mr. Eliot. Can you not tell the character
of any one, or its amount?
<( Jlnswer. X cannot.
« Question by Mr. Eliot. When, as nearly as you recol-
lect, did you last see the account; have you now sole charge
of the books ?
" Jlnswer. I see all the accounts at the end of caeh
month, when trial balances are made. I don't keep the
books at present with my own hand, having had a young
roan to do that work Tor ihe last two or three weeks. His
name is Smith s he lives in Ilartford. I don't know his
given name. Heis only there on trial. I retain the entire
control of the books, and no entry is made without my sanc-
tion. I examine every entry every day, and know it is
correct."
Now,if all this were a fair business transaction,
if these funds were placed in the hands of Mr.
Dickerson for legitimate purposes alone, why is
it that even the book-keeper of this concern of
Mr. Colt is not allowed to see the items of ex-
penditure which make up the account between
Colonel Colt and his agent, Dickerson ? Why is
it that, upon one side of the account, Mr. Dicker-
son is charged with advances to the amount of
$15,000, and upon the other side not one solitary
item of credit is specified of any sort or descrip-
tion whatsoever? 1 ask the committee to look at
the question, and see whether they can reconcile
it with the principles of a fair and legitimate busi-
ness transaction, where the parties themselves are
doing nothing which they are unwilling shall see
the light?
Mr° WALSH. Will the gentleman give way
until I can make a brief statement in reference to
a matter of my own State?
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly, sir.
Mr. WALSH. During the last election m
New York, Mr. Chairman, there were three can-
didates run for Governor, and three for Lieutenant
Governor. I see two of them now present. The
one who run on the rum ticket for Lieutenant
Governor is inside of the bar of the House; while
the one who run on the Know-Nothing ticket, is
seated, with becoming modesty, in the gallery. I
ask that Brigadier-General Gustavus Adolphus
Scroeres be s-llowcd to ts.kc & ss&t within the bar}
alongside his opponent. [Great laughter.]
[A pause ensued.] u
Mr LETCHER. Is it respectful that I should
•wait until the committee bring the gentleman re-
ferred to inside the bar. [Laughter.] _
[Cries of " There is no objection to bringing
himin,"&c.] .
The CHAIRMAN. The House is now m
committee, and has no power to extend invita-
tions.
Mr. LETCHER. When interrupted, I was
at the point of these entries, which, according to
the testimony of Mr. Colt's treasurer, ought to
have been in these books, and the extraordinary
character of the testimony which leave these
entries blank, except as to the fixed sum of five
or six thousand dollars.
I believe, Mr. Chairman, that I havesaid pretty
nearly all that I intended to say, except to call
attention to the point which was suggested by my
colleague a while ago, in regard to the London
establishment for the manufacture of Colt's pistols.
It will be found upon the second page of the report
which accompanies this bill, presented on the 23d
of December, 1853, that this language is used in
regard to that establishment:
" In order to protect himself from the destructive cffects
which would follow the introduction of these spurious arms
into use in England, where ho has no patent, and in Eu-
rope generally, Mr. Colt has established an armoiy in Lon-
don, to which he has carried American machinery, and
winch is operated entirely by American mechanics, and
where he is now engaged in the attemptto demonstrate the
superiouty of his arms over all imperfect inniattons of them
in the hope that the Euiopean consumers of them will dis-
courage the manufacture of any except such as are per-
fect."
Then the fact is, as my colleague suggested,
that this armory has been established in London,
and is carried on without the benefit of a patent.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. With the
gentleman's permission, I will make a single re-
mark here, as to why Colonel Colt has not pro-
cured a patent in England. The English Govern-
ment, as well as the other Governments upon the
continent of Europe, require all arms manufac-
tured in their dominions to be inspected by officers
of the Government. They are then stamped, and
before they are stamped they cannot be sold.
Mr. LETCHER. The point is just exactly
this: If Colonel Colt can get along without a patent
in London, why cannot he get along without a
patent here?
Mr. STANTON. The same law as the one I
have referred to has never been enacted by the
American Congress. .
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman will explain
what that law is.
Mr. STANTON. Government inspectors are
not allowed to stamp an imperfect arm.
Mr. LETCHER. Suppose they do require
arms to be inspected. Is there an armory in the
United States which does not require the inspec-
tion of all arms manufactured in it' So I do not
see that there is anything in that point. The
question is exactly this: if Cononel Colt can get
along in London, and put up a costly and exten-
sive "establishment, without the benefit of a patent,
why cannot he get along in the United States,
where he has had the benefit of a patent, and
where that patent has two years to run?
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. It is apparent that
we cannot get through this case to-day, and,
understanding that it comesup again next Friday,
I move, with the permission of the gentleman from
Virginia, that the committee do now rise.
[Criesof" Agreed!" and " Go on ?"]
Mr. LETCHER. I do not yield for the motion.
I prefer to finish what 1 have to say to-day. I
have been interrupted a great deal, Mr. Chairman,
and I am speaking without notes, so that I have
been compelled to make a speech more than
usually disconnected. I hope that 1 shall be
allowed to conclude what I have to say without
further interruption.
There is one point in this matter to which 1
desire to call attention. It goes to show the enor-
mous profits which have been made out of this in-
vention within the last few years. The committee
will see in the commencement of this report—
" That Samuel Colt made his invention before the year
1833, but from the great difficulties which lie expeneliced
m reducine; it to successful practice, and from Ins poverty,
lie was unable to procure a patent until 1&36; tbathe. m the
same year, assianed his patent to the " Patent Arms Manu-
laemring Company," a corporation in New Jersey, 01
which he became the manager; that Mr. Colt devoted live
years, after the date of Ins patent, to ihe object of establish-
in" his repealing arms, but lliat the eompauv and lie bout
failed—losing about §200,000, and many yeais of time and
labor."
Here we see that this privilege was disposed of
to this manufacturing company. After five years
of experiment, that company, according to the
statement of this report, sunk $200,000. Mr.
Colt then became the purchaser of his right,
1 which, as I understand, had, up to that time,
belonged to this manufacturing company, by ar-
rangement between them. He commences to
manufacture on his own account. He was then
poor; without^means. He had nothing but his
exertions and his friends to rely on for help. I
ask the gentleman from Connecticut to state what
Colonel Colt's property in Hartford is now
worth, and how long he has been amassing that
property by this invention ?
Mr. PRATT. In reply to the gentleman from
Virginia, I will state that I have no definite knowl-
edge as to Colonel Colt's pecuniary circumstances.
I am advised, however, by those who would be apt
to know as much about his wealth as anybody
except himself—gentleman upon whose statements
I can rely with confidence—that his means are not
sufficient to complete the work he has already
commenced. I refer to thebuilding of an armory.
Mr. LETCHER. I have heard estimates in ref-
erence to this matter. Colonel Colt had a very ex-
tensive establishment for the manufacture of these
arms in Hartford, Connecticut; but that, within
the lasttwo years, he has commenced the enlarge-
mentof his works upon a more costly and magnifi-
cent scale. But, sir, if I am correctly informed,
his establishment in Hartford, including the ma-
chinery, stock, and all the appurtenances, is worth
not less than $750,000. Now, Iappeal to my friend
from Connecticut, to say, if his establishment,
including machinery, and everything employed in
his business in Hartford, is not worth that amount?
Mr. PRATT. Does the gentleman desire to
say whether Colonel Colt's property in Hartford
is, or is not, worth $750,000?
Mr. LETCIiER. Yes, sir, including his ma-
chinery, stock, and everything required to carry
on tlie business.
Mr. PRATT. I am unable to reply in direct
terms. I desire, however, to state to the committee,
that until recently Colonel Colt has never owned
a manufactory, or rather a building, in which^ to
carry oil his business; until within a short period
he has hired a building. The machinery was his
own, but that it, together with everything con-
nected with the prosecution of his business, could
properly be estimated at $750,000, or anything
like the amount, I do not believe.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, what is it worth?
Mr. PRATT. Why, to be frank with the gen-
tleman, I cannot say how much it is worth. I
have no definite knowledge upon the subject.
Mr. LETCHER. Weil, it is perfectly certain
that he is not a " Poor Richard" by any manner
of means. That he is pretty well provided for in
this world's goods is very evident. As one evi-
dence of the success which has attended him, I
call the attention of the committee to the fact that
he has realized all he is worth within the ten or
twelve years past. It is clear that ten or twelve
years ago, when he was in New Jersey, he was
worth nothing, according to his own statement.
Now, sir, 1 want to call the attention of the
committee to one other fact. In the report which
cur committee lias presented to the House, it is
stated that Mr. Chase refused to appear on the
requisition of the Speakerof the House,and testify
before our committee. It is impossible for the
committee to proceed with their investigations
without the action of the House in regard to the
matter. If they had furnished us with the means
of compelling the attendance of witnesses, and
when they are before us, of requiring them to
answer, we should have reported in full before
this time.
But, sir, we have not been content with a sinsle
case. Since making our report, we have tried
another witness, and he too has declined to respond
to the summons to appear before the committee.
All these facts we have presented to the House.
We have presented the evidence we have taken,
and have,in everything.discharged our obligations
in connection with the duties of that committee as
fully as it was possible for us to discharge them.
Now, sir, it is for the House to determine
whether the investigation shall go on. But if it
is not to go on, and this committee are prepared to
act upon the case in the absence of the evidence
which the agent of the person most interested in
the matter has refused to furniish—I say, if the
committee is prepared to act upon the case under
these circumstances, we might as well dispense
with investigating committees in future, and such
committees lutd as well not be organized.
Sir, is not this most remarkable legislation.
