1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB EL
5SB
under the existing state of facts? Here is his own
agent refusing to testify in regard to the matter in
relation 10 which Colonel Colt is asking the House
to legislate, and yet, in this state of facts, while
acting in defiance of the authority of the House,
this committee propose to act upon and to pass
his bill. Sir, I repeat that, if this is to be the
course of the committee, we might as well aban-
don the idea of having investigating committees
in future, and our committee might as well be dis-
banded at once, is it not a mere mockery to un-
dertake to prosecute investigations under such
circumstances ?
Mr. EDGERTON obtained the floor.
Mr. PRATT. Will the gentleman allow me
a moment for explanation ?
Mr. EDGERTON. I prefer to go on -with
what I have to say without interruption.
Mr. PRATT. It appears that a question of
veracity has been raised between the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] and myself. I
desire to explain in relation to it. 1 will be very
brief.
Mr. LETCHER. If it is a question of veracity
of course I yield.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
from Virginia was not in his seat when I made
the remarks w'hich preceded his. I desire to state
that I certainly did not desire to misrepresent the
gentleman, nor to state anything not strictly in
accordance with the facts as they occurred.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentleman does
not understand me as charging him with stating
anything that was not true ?
Mr. PRATT. Not at all; but, sir, I wish to
state that, some few days since, I came into the
Hail ten or fifteen minutes before twelve o'clock,
when 1 found the gentlemen from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher and Mr. I>avi.y,] and another gentle-
man, with whom I am not acquainted, though I
have seen htm frequently in the city, standing
near the seat of the gentleman from Virginia.
They were talking about this matter of Colonel I
Colt. I did not mingle in the conversation, but j
after they separated, I took occasion to say to j
Mr. Letcher, that I should be glad to have the
House act upon the question; that it had remain-
ed an open question quite long enough; that Col-
onel Colt had nothing to do with Mr. Chase,
&c. I then understood Mr. Letcheii distinctly
to state, that so far as Colonel Colt himself was
personally concerned, he had discovered nothing
discreditable to him, and that, he hud no objection
to havingthecommittee discharged from the lurtlier
consideration of the subject, and was entirely will-
ing that the House should vote upon the bill. If
my ears served me correctly, he did vo state. I
told him I was very desirous the matter should be
disposed of in some way, and expressed my con-
fidence that neither Colonel Colt nor his attorney
had employed any improper means to procure the
passage of the bill in question. I then understood
him to say that he had no objection to the House
acting upon the question at once—none whatever.
1 think I quote his remarks with great accuracy,
because they were impressed upon my memory
strongly, from the fact that I was pleased to iind
him t-o decidedly disposed.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, sir, I have no objec-
tion, and have not had. If the House choose to
pass the bill under the state of circumstances that
now exist, let ihem pass it.
Mr. PRATT. I certainly understood the gen-
tleman to say what I have stated. I had no desire
to misrepresent him. I3ut, from what he said, I
did not expect any objection from him to-day to the
bill. 1 do not desire that any question shall be
sprung suddenly upon the House; hut, sir, this
case has been before us for a long time, and every
gentleman, I imagine, is as well prepared to act
it nnw as he will be at anv future time. I
upon it now as he will be at any future
have certainly made use of no improper means to
procure the passage of this bill I have endeavored
to conduct the matter fairly and honorably.
The gentleman from Virginia alludes to Mr._
Dickerson as having had an ind< finite amount of
funds from Colonel Colt. Sir, Mr. Dickerson is
the attorney of Colonel Colt, to defend his patent, j
Mr. EDGERTON. I did not yield the floor j
for & spccch. j
Mr. PRATT. I am only making an explana- j
tion. Mr. Dickerson is Colonel Colt's agent, arid j
he has funds in his hands to pay his expenses. .
There is no doubt about that. I do not see,
therefore, that the testimony of the book-keeper
goes to show that Colonel Colt has used any
money himself, or has authorized his attorney to
use any money improperly. I cannot see it.
And now a word in relation to Mr. Chase. I
stated, when I was on the floor before, that Colonel
Colt did not know Mr. Chase. He does not know
him. He told me that he should riot know Mr.
Chase were he to meet him on the avenue—that
he was not aware he had ever been introduced to
him, and that he had nothing to do with him, either
directly or indirectly.
One word further. I beg the House to pardon
me, but I must say, and I say in all sincerity,
that I think the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letciier] has done an act that is not strictly in
keeping with the character of a gentleman. He
rises in his place, and calls a man a drunkard, and
says that a man came before thecommitteedrunk,
who came here from a sick bed. Why, sir, Col-
onel Colt had not, J am sure, drank a drop for
two or three months. His friends were fearful
that every day would be his last. He told me, m
my room, that he feared he never should live to
get out of the city. That is known to have been
the condition of Colonel Colt, and 1 am sorry that
the gentleman from Virginia should have said
what he did say. It is what 1 would not say of
any man who had any character as a citizen. I
claim that Colonel Colt is entitled to theclmracter
of a gentleman. He is so considered wherever
he is known, ill this country or abroad. I was
surpiised at the remarks of the gentleman—utterly
surprised.
Mr. LETCHER took the floor.
Mr. EDGERTON. I cannot yield the floor any
longer.
[Loud and general cries of "Oh, yes!" and
" 1 fear Li.icheb "J
Mr. EDGERTON. Well, I will yield to the
gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 shall, of course,not make
any personal retort upon the member from Con-
necticut. The disparity between our ages would
not admit it, even were I so inclined.
Mr. PRATT. I ask no forbearance on the
score of age, either here or elsewhere.
[Loud cries of "Order!" "Order!"J
Mr. LETCHER. The member says that Col-
onel Colt was not drunk when he appeared before
the committee. 1 appeal to my colleagues on the
committee to rise in their places and state to the
House whether he was so or not. I hope they
will do it.
Mr. EDDY. 1 am a member of thecommittee,
ami was present when Colonel Colt was examined,
and 1 say in my place here that 1 regarded Colo-
nel Colt as intoxicated. It was talked about, and
I do not know that any other member of thecom-
mittee came to a different conclusion, or expressed
a different opinion as to Colonel Colt's condition
on that occasion.
Mr. RUFt'lN. Asa memberof thecommittee,
and one who was piesent at the time, I indorse
fully what the gentleman from Indiana has just
said.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER rose.
Mr. EDGERTON claimed the floor.
Mr. LETCHER. Oh, let the gentleman from
Tennessee make his statement, so that we may
see who is ri^ht and who is wrong.
Mr. EDGERTON. Very well, sir.
Mr. '/.OLLICOFFER. I feel it my duty, being
called upon in this way, to state to the House the
impression upon my mmd in reference to this
matter. While I believed that Colonel Colt was
somewhat intoxicated, I was also impressed with
the belief that he was a gentleman, and that he
was in the hands of men who might be sharpers,
and might ruin him. Certainly, the impression
made upon my mmd was, that he was somewhat
intoxicated at the time he came before the com-
mittee. I felt that he was a confiding and honest
man, and was in danger of suffering from over-
confidence in those he trusted as friends.
Mr. WHEELER took the floor.
Mr. EDGERTON. Go on; let us hear it all.
Mr. WHEELER. Being a member of that
special committee, 1 will say, that Colonel Colt
was summoned to appear in the morning, but
other witnesses were before the committee, and
his examination was consequently deferred. At
his express request, I believe—if I am wrong the
chairman of the committee will correct me—the
committee reassembled after the adjournment of
the House, and after dinner-hour, and, gentleman
as I consider Colonel Colt to be, I must say that
he appeared somewhat excited.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I do not know
that I should have felt called upon to say any-
thing at this time, after the responses which have
been made to the call of the chairman of the com-
mittee, if it had not been, as the record will show
that the examination of Colonel Colt was, in the
main, conducted by myself.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I feel bound to say what
I am about to say here, and yet 1 cannot fully
corroborate the statement of the gentleman from
Virginia. I would not have examined a man wh 
was drunk. I should be extremely loth to ex-
amine a man whom I believed to be, in the tech-
nical sense, intoxicated, and yet it cannot be
denied that the witness who was then before the
committee, was not in a full and proper state of
mind. [Much laughter.]
Mr. Chairman, it is rightthat I should say this
much, that after the examination of that man had
been completed, I felt constrained to believe that
he was a man of honor. He said nothing to shake
my confidence in his integrity. I believed him to
be in unfortunate hands, and that he might well
say, " Save me from my friends." It was in the
afternoon that the examination was conducted. I
have said all that I can say on one side or the
other.
Mr. THURSTON. Mr. Chairman, I was
present at the examination of Colonel Colt. It
was after dinner. He seemed to be somewhat
excited, but whether it was from disease or from
liquor I do not know. [Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. A single word more, and I
have done. S should not have made any reference
to Colonel Colt's condition, but for the remarks
which I understood had been made, during my
absence from the Hall, by the member from Con-
necticut.
Mr. EDGERTON. We want no excuses on
that subject.
Mr. LETCHER. I am not going to make any
personal remarks in regard to the member from
Connecticut at all.
Mr. EDGERTON. Well, go on.
Mr. LETCHER. All that I mean to say is,
that, but for his remarks this morning, I should
not have referred to Colonel Colt's condition when
before the committee. His appearance on that
occasion was the subject of conversation between
the member from Tennessee, [Mr. Zolljcopfer,!
the member from North Carolina, [Mr. RtTFFiN,]
and perhaps other members of the committee, and
myself, both at that time and afterwards.
Mr. EDGERTON. I did not intend, Mr. Chair-
man, in speaking on this bill, to make any ref-
erence whatever to the action of this committee
of investigation. It was an inquisitorial tribunal,
holding its meetings in secret, seeking to stab in
the dark the character of honorable members of
this House, when no man dare stand forth and pro-
claim himself the accuser of any one; and 1 regret
exceedingly that the chairman, and other gentle-
men composingthatcommittee,when they enjoined
secrecy on their witnesses and on themselves,
should have seen fit here to violate what I think
to be the propriety of the occasion, and make asy
reference to the personal appearance or conduct
of any person who was called before them
Whether or not Colonel Colt was drunk, in the
language of the honorable chairman, is not a ma-
terial question in this issue. If he was so drunk
as to be unfit to testify, the committee disgraced
itself, in the eyes of all honorable men, by taking
his testimony; and if he were so sober as to un-
derstand fully the nature and importance of his
testimony, which must have been the case, or it
would not have been taken and published,;then
the honorable chairman will hardly be justified in
making any allusion to Colonel Colt's condition.
To read from a man's testimony, taken before a
secret committee, to sustain or strengthen an argu-
ment, and in the same breath to charge that the
witness was drunk when it was taken, and se
drunk as to justify an attempt to publicly disgrace
him, is a mode of argument in direct conflict with
my ideas of a proper course, and indicates that the
gentleman must be a little charged with personal
hostility.
1 doubt not, Mr. Chairman, that many mem-
bers ef that committee have themselves sometimes
