1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
555
against Indians, as to small parties passing through the In-
dian country.**
The Committee on Military Affairs in Congress
made a report, a part of which I will read, bearing
upon this question relative to the benefit resulting
to the Gover/iment from the use of this fire-arm:
ti The positive evidence which has been submitted to the
committee, is of a character which needs no recommenda-
tion. ft is only necessary to say, that Major General Tay-
lor, General Twiggs, Major General John A. Quitman,
Brigadier General Shields, Brigadier General Pierce, Colo-
nel Ciogan, Inspector General Colonel Harney, Colonel
Jefferson Davis, Major McCulloch, Captain Samuel II.
Walker, Captain B. S. Roberts, Lieutenant B. F. Mc-
Donald, G. W. Kendall, Colonel W. T. Haskell, Colonel
W. II. Russell, Major J. P. Gaines, Doctor C. B. Zabiskie,
and J. L. Freaner, all now, or recently, m active service m
the Mexican war, have expressed themselves, in decided
term?, in lavor of these arms ; and that the array of facts
furnished by some of these officers, cannot fail to enforge
the opinions which they have expressed upon this subject.
Under all these circumstances, your committee agree in
opinion with the officers above named, when they state,
that one hundred cavalry, armed with the repeating pistol,
would be at least as efficient as three hundred armed in the
ordinary way. They believe, moreover, that economy, as
well as the efficiency which would be given to our force,
particularly for all the service that maybe expected from
our Army for years to come, render it advis-able that all the
mounted men belonging to the military establishment, be
supplied with these pistols, and that a sufficient number of
them be kept on hand to meet any unexpected emergency."
It is entirely unnecessary for me to refer to the
numerous reports that have been made, to show
the value of this fire-arm. There are gentlemen in
this House who use this pistol, and who have been
placed in positions where they could fully test its
efficacy. The honorable gentleman from Oregon
[Mr. Lane] if he were asked the question, would
Bay, I have no doubt, that it was the most perfect
arm that was ever manufactured.
Mr LANE, of Oregon. I feel called upon to
state what f knowabout the value of this fire-arm.
I regard Colonel Colt's six-shooter as the most
formidable fire-arm that can be placed in the
hands of men engaged in close quarters, and if war
is justifiable at all, it is right and proper to place
in the hands of men engaged in service an efficient
weapon. To give an illustration of the efficacy
of this fire-arm, allow me to relate a single incident
that occurred in the war with Mexico. Upon
one occasion, General Scott directed me, with a
mounted command, to seek Padra Jarouta, who
was an outlaw and a robber, and to bring him to
battle, and show him no quarter, he being at the
head of a formidable banditti, or band of land
pirates, who attacked his countrymen, as well as
his country's enemies, and showed noquarters to
Americans who fell in his hands. We did seek
him, and after many nights' march, succeeded in
pouncing upon him at Sequaltipan, and although
he had a force superior to our own, between day-
light and sunrise, armed with Colt's revolver and
the saber, in less than one hour earned three
strong quarters, occupied by the enemy's troops,
and came very near carrying outthe order to show
no quarters, for, with the exception of fifty per-
sons taken contrary to that order, and made pris-
oners, they all fell under those six-shooters. And
1 will say that I regarded the order, under the cir-
cumstances, right, and will also say, in justice to
that great commander, that J regard him as one
of the ablest men who ever commanded an army.
It is the greatest arm of service ever placed in
the hands of man, and it should be kept as perfect
as possible.
This weapon inspires troops with confidence
and courage, and strikes terror into the ranks of
the opposing forces. I have witnessed the effi-
ciency of this arm in many battles previous to that
above referred to.
Mr. EDGERTON, (resuming.) My object
was to show that the profit of the inventor should
be in some proportion to the benefit of the same to
the public; and I make these references and refer
to these reports, and call upon the gentleman from
Oregon to show that the arm had been of immense
service to the Government of the United States,
and had saved hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Now, what has been the reward of Colonel
Colt?
Mr. KEITT. Will the gentleman give way to
a motion that the committee rise?
Mr. EDGERTON. If it be the wish of the
committee that I should do so, 1 will yield.
[Cries of " Yes !*' "Yes!"]
Mr. KEITT. X move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker pro tempore [Mr. Jones, of Tennessee]
taking the chair, the Chairman of the committee
reported that a Committee of the Whole House
had had the Private Calendar under consideration,
and particularly House bill No 59, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
Then, on motion by Mr. ROWE, at three
o'clock and forty-five minutes, the House ad-
journed until Monday, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 5, 1855.
Prayer by Iter. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills:
A bill for the relief of Thomas Marston Taylor;
A bill to incorporate the St. Joseph's Male
Orphan Asylum in the District of Columbia; and
A bill making appropriations for the construc-
tion of certain military roads in the Territories of
Nebraska and Washington.
SLAVERY IN THE TERRITORIES.
Mr. STUART. I present resolutions of in-
struction from the Legislature of the State of
Michigan. I ask that they may be read.
The Secretary read the resolutions.
Joint resolution respecting slavery in the Territories of the
TInitPil Stales.
Whereas, slavery regarded by the people of this State
as a great moral, social, and political evil, at war with the
principles ot the Declaration ol Independence and the
great object contemplated by our forefather in establishing
tUi* Constitution of the United States, an impediment to the
prosperity of our common country, and an element of
domestic weakness and discord : and wheieas, the people
of Michigan owo it to the early and prudent everutse of the
power ot (Jongi ess over the Ten nones ot the United States,
ni applying the anti-slavery restriction contained in the
ordinance ot 1787, that she us not now aslavchokhng State :
and wheruas, the people have heretofore, through their
Legislature, lepeatedly and earnestly remonstrated against
the tin ther extension ot slavery in the national Territories:
and wherea-., our pipfont Senators and two of otir Repre-
sentatives in Congress, did, at the session thereof now last
past, vote tor tin; tepeal of the Missouri compromise, so
called, and lor the passive of an au organizing (lie Tern-
tories of Kansas and Nebraska, thereby permitting slavery
to be introduced intoaiegion e<)tul m extent to the thirteen
original States, hom winch tenitory, by the solemn legis-
lative compact ot it was forever exchubd: and
wheieas, such repeal has been ell'eeted without petition,
without discission by the people, and in defiance of the
well Known wishes rtml opinions of a large majority of the
people of this State and ot the United States - and whereas,
the violation, by Congress, ot the compact of 1820, has
released the people ot this State irom all obligation to re-
spect cotigrc.-5-ioiial eompioimr.es tor the extension or per-
petuation of slavery: Therefore—
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the Mate of Michigan, That we hold the saul repeal, and
the permission granted by said territorial act to introduce
slavery into saul Tenitories, to be a violation of a mutual
covenant between the free States and the slaveholdmg
Suites of the Union, jiMih«:d by no necessity, present or
prospective, injurious to the rights of the former, tending to
niteiuipt the internal harmony of the country, and to frus-
trate the w< 11 known put pose of the trainers of (he Consti-
tution, who, by gradual legislation, designed, ultimately, to
put an end to slavery.
Revolted, That we are opposed to the further extension
of slavery, or the n cognition or pei mission theieof in any
territory now owned, or which may hereafter be acquired
by the United States.
Retired, That we hold it to be within the constitutional
power of CongicsH to abolish t-iav. ry and tbesdave trade in
alt the Territories of the United States, including the Dis-
trict of Columbia ; and that it is their duty, in view of the
gie.it and permanent interests of the nation, to pass laws
tor its immediate suppression and extinction in all such
Territories ami in said District.
Resolved, That our Senator* in Congress be, and they
are hereby, instructed, and our llepiesentatives requested,
to vote for, and to use their best exertions to procure, the
passage of an act of Congress that shall prohibit the intro-
duction or existence of slavery in anv of the Territories of
the United States, and especially m Kansas and Nebraska,
and to introduce without delay a bill for this latter pur-
pose.
Resolved, That the act of Congress of 1830, known as the
fugitive slave law, was, in the opinion of the people of this
State, an unnecessary measure ; that it contains piovisions
of doubtful constitutionality; that the mode of proceeding
under it is harsh, unjust, and repugnant to the moral sense
of the people ot the free States, cruel and despotic towards
the person claimed asafugitive; and that we are m favor of
its immediate repeal: Therefoie—
Resolved, That our Senators m Congress be, and the.y are
hereby, instructed, and our Representatives requested, to
use their best exertions to procure the immediate repeal of
the act of 1850, known a* the fugitive slave law.
Resolved That the Governor be requested to forward
copies of the foregoing preamble and resolutions to our Sen-
ators and Represemauves in Congress.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, it is now some years
since the Legislature of Michigan instructed the
delegation of that State in Congress to vote for the
measure historically known as the Wilmot pro-
viso—ihe interdiction of slavery in the Territories
of the United States. I took the earliest opportu-
nity in my power, in some remarks I made here in
connection with the general subject of congres-
sional jurisdiction over those political communities,
to announce the course I intended to pursue. As
my convictions of constitutional duty prohibited
me from obeying the instructions, I avowed the
determination to resign my seat in this body when-
ever I should be called upon, by its proceedings,
to take my part in the decision of the question.
"While professing my adherence to the general
doctrine, I said:
" I ain a believer in the right of instruction, when fairly
exercised, and under proper circumstances. There are lim-
itations upon this exercise, but I need not seek to ascertain
their extent nor application, for they do not concern my
present position. I acknowledge the obligation of the in-
structions I have received," &.c.
Any further action, however, on my part he-
came unnecessary by the repeal of the resolutions;
a measure which was adopted with much una-
nimity by the Legislature, and approved by a vast
majority of the people of the State. A nd tnus has
the subject rested undisturbed till within a few
days; the delegation of Michigan in Congress
having been left to follow the dictates of their con-
science and judgment in relation to this whole
matter, duite recently, however, a change has
taken place. The Democratic party in the State
has lost its ascendency, and a new party, with
different views, and, 1 may add, in many respect3
discordant ones, having obtained possession of
the legislative power, the resolutions which have
just been read are the result of its action, and call
upon me, as well as upon the other members of
the delegation, to vote for depriving American
citizens in the Territories of the power to regu-
late one of the most important of their domestic
concerns, that of the relation between master and
servant, and for the repeal of the existing fugitive
slave act, passed to give effect to a solemn guar-
antee of the Constitution. As I peremptorily de-
cline to do either, and intend to retain my place,
it is necessary, in my own vindication before the
people of the State, whom I desire respectfully to
address from the seat which I here occupy by
their favor and kindness, that I should now do
what I was not required to do on the former oc-
casion, to "ascertain the limitations" upon the
rights of instruction; or, to speak, perhaps, with
more precision, " the extent" of the duty of obe-
dience, so far as concerns my present position.
And I have to say, sir, that the circumstances
in which the power to pass these resolutions
originated, constitute one of the very cases which
occurred to me at the time those words of caution
were spoken, as restricting the obedience of the
representative. The practical question, briefly
stated, is this: Has a political party wherever it
accedes to power, by whatever combinations, the
right to pass resolutions which its opponents, in
legislative trusts, are bound to obey, or if pre-
vented from obeyingby their conscience and con-
sistency, to resign their positions? The conse-
quences of such a rule of action are too obvious
to need detailed examination, and too serious to
be incurred without pressing necessity. Into this
body^ it would introduce changes radically affect-
ing its organization, and incompatible with the
; objects of its institution, as the representative
I branch of the sovereignty of the States. It would
j lose every characteristic of permanence, its mem-
I bers going out year by year, as political fluctua-
j tions might transfer power from one party to
! another. For, at all times, would it be easy to
I select questions for this process of removal, which
| no honest man of an opposite party could support.
] Some of these are constitutional, and others
I scarcely inferior to them in importance, involving
j points of policy, forming the very landmarks of
the debatable ground, where our struggles have
always, heretofore, taken place. That this power
would be used, abused, indeed, for this purpose,
no man will deny. The excitement of the past
warn us as to what the future would bring with it.
i And that the disadvantage would be the share of
j the Democracy is certain, for it is well under-
j stood that, in the creed of our opponents, instruc-
i tions carry with them neither the duty to obey,
i nor the obligation to resign. The two Whig
