1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of A.
Livingston and others, of the parish of More-
house, Louisiana, praying to be allowed a pre-
emption right to lands settled and cultivated by
them withm the limits of the Bastrop grant;
which was referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims:
Also, the petition of the register of the public
land office and the receiverof the public moneys
at Monroe, Louisiana, praying to be allowed the
same per centum on the sales of the public lands,
as was allowed them previous to the act of August
4, 1854; which was ordered to be laid on the table.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of Mariano
G. Vallejc, asking payment for rent of quarters
used and occupied by the United States forces at
Sonora, California, the premises so occupied being
his private property, which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BRAINERD presented a petition of legal
voters of Montpelier, Vermont, praying an inser-
tion in all treaties of a clause referring to an
umpire all international disputes which cannot be
otherwise satisfactorily and amicably adjusted;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. JOHNSON presented resolutions of the
G-eneral Assembly of the State of Arkansas, in-
structing their Representatives in Congres.5 to
obtain laws for the creation of mail routes from
and to the following places; which were referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads:
Huntsville, Arkansas, to Washburn Prairie, in
Missouri;
Rockport to Montroy, in Arkansas;
Napoleon to Florence, in Desha county, Ar-
kansas;
Osceola, Mississippi county, to Jacksonport,
Jackson county, Arkansas;
Fort Smith, Arkansas, to Washita, in the Choc-
taw nation,
REGULATION OF SEAMEN.
Mr. TOUCEV submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That Ihe Committee on tlic Judiciary he in-
structed lo inquire into tile expediency of repealing tile net
passed June ii:!, 184S, entitled " An net lo amend the net
entitled an act for tiie regulation of seamen on board (lie
public and private vessels of tlie United riUU'H, passed tile
3d of March, 1813."
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. PEARCE, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to provide for the accommodation of the courts of
the United States for the district of Maryland,
and for a post office at Baltimore city, Maryland;
which was read twice by its title, and refened to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. SEBASTIAN gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for the
building of a jail at the town of Van Buren, in the
State of Arkansas.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, announc-
ing that the House had passed the following bills
of the Senate, with an amendment:
A bill for the relief of the heirs-at-law of Wil-
liam Van Wart, deceased; and
A bill for the relief of Don B. Juan Domercq,
a Spanish subject.
Also, the following bills of the Senate, without
amendment:
A bill for the relief of E. J. McLane;
A bill for the relief of Catharine B Arnold;
A bill to increase the pension of Patrick C.
Miles; and
A bill for the relief of the "West Feliciana Rail-
road and the Georgia Railroad and Banking Com-
panies.
Also, that the House had passed the following
bills and joint resolutions:
A bill to repeal an act entitled " An act for the
relief of George M. Bentley, of the State of Indi-
ana," approved August 5, 1854;
Joint resolution for the relief of George W.
McCerren;
A bill for the relief of William G. Preston;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Thomas
Morris, deceased;
A bill for the relief of James P. Roan;
A bill to refund to the officers of the customs
and others, of the district of Passamaquoddy, cer-
tain moneys;
A bill for the relief of Henry H. Marsh;
A bill for the relief of Joseph Ridgway;
Joint resolution for the relief of John Dugan;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of William A. Christian;
A bill for the relief of Sarah Morriss, only heir
of Robert Mitchell, deceased;
A bill for the relief of William Brown;
A bill for the relief of James Mclntire;
A bill for the relief of Solomon Lafollet;
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Foreman;
A bill for the relief of Thomas C. Ramsey and
Ananias O. Richardson, and James McLaughlin;
A bill for the further relief of Isaac Allen, of
Turner, in the State of Maine;
A bill for the relief of Wyatt Griffith, of Wash-
ington county, m the State of Tennessee;
A bill for the relief of Medford Caffey, of the
State of Tennessee;
A bill for the relief of PaulS. Ridgway, of Ohio;
A bill granting a pension to Joseph McCormick;
Joint resolution for the relief of James Hughes;
A bill for the relief of Frederick Gnffing;
A bill for the benefit of the heirs of Philip R.
Rice, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the widow of W. Irving,
deceased;
A bill for the relief of William Hajjerty;
A bill for the relief of Rebecca Winn, widow
and executrix of the last will and testament of
Timothy Winn, deceased, late a purser in the
Navy of the United States;
A bill for the relief of Thomas S. J. Johnson,
of the Territory of New Mexico;
A bill increasing the pension of Anthony Wal-
ter Buyard, of Bellefom, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania;
A bill for the relief of George Bush, of Thrus-
ton county, Washington Territory;
A bill confirming a land claim to Elijah White,
of the Territory oi Washington; and
A bill for the relief of John R Bowes, agent in
charge of the property of the United States at
Micnigan City, in the State of Indiana.
CHAMPAGNOLE LAND DISTRICT.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, by unanimous consent,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
change the boundary of the Chanipagnole land
district, in the State of Arkansas; which was read
a first time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. This bill merely proposes
a slight alteration til the boundaries of two land
districts in the State of Arkansas, and is in con-
formity witti the expressed wish of the Legisla-
ture of the State. 1 hope, therefore, that wittiout
reference, it will now be considered. 1 ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate for that purpose.
Mr. STUART. 1 have no objection to the bill
if the Senator can state that it is agreeable to the
wishes of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office. It is customary to send these bills to the
Commissioner.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I thought that unneces-
sary, as the bill proposes merely a slight altera-
tion for convenience.
Mr. STUART. I have no objection.
By unanimous consent the bill was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as m Committee of the
Whole, k proposes to delach a small portion of
country from the Little Rock district, and attach
it to the Champagnole district.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not wish at all to in-
terfere with the bill of the Senator from Arkansas,
but 1 should like to be informed by him if it has
been submitted to the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Oilice, or if that officer is aware of the
proposed change?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I said before, but proba-
bly the Senator from Louisiana did not hear me,
that 1 had not submitted it to the Commissioner,
because I thought that unnecessary, as the bill
only makes a very slight alteration mthebounda-
ries of two land districts. Its only effect is to
take a small tract of country, four townships in
length, by two in breadth, from the Little Rock
district, and attach it to the district of lands sub-
ject to sale at Champagnole. It is in conformity
with the expressed wish of the Legislature of the
State.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is merely to save the
people of thatsection of the State from some unne-
cessary travel.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have no objection to th*
bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a thirtf
reading, read a third time, and passed.
LAND OFFICERS AT VINCENNES.
Mr. PETTIT, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained lfeave to introduce a bill to continue
temporarily the offices of register and receiver at
Vincennes, Indiana; which was read a first time,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PETTIT. I beg the indulgence •of the
Senate for a moment, while I state the reasons for
this bill, and ask for its immediate consideration
and passage. An act of Congress, passed in 1840,
provides that when the lands in any district shall
be reduced below one hundred thousand acres, the
land district shall be suspended, and the books and
archives, and all the papers of the land office re-
moved to the seat of government of the State. The
quantity of lands in the Vincennes land district
has been reduced below that amount, and an
order has been issued for the removal of the books
and papers of the office to Indianapolis in our State.
Last year we passed a law, which was approved on
the 27th of July, providing forthe investigation and
confirmation of certain private land claims under
grants of the Government as far back as 1792,
and created the register and receiver of that land
office commissoners for the hearing of those claims,
and allowed until the first of June, I believe, for
making and filing the claims, and after that they
are to be adjudicated by these two officers, having
all the records, this being, as you know, sir, the
oldest land office in our State, where there were
French claims and French disputations. It now
becomes absolutely necessary, in order to carry
out that law, that these officers should remain there
for a short length of time. This bill has been pre-
pared by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and I have a letter from him recommending
its passage, but I presume it is not necessary to
read it. Under the circumstances which I have
stated, I ask that the bill may now be considered.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to continue theoffices of
register and receiver at Vincennes, until after a final
report shall have been made by the commission-
ers, pursuant to the act of Congress of July 27,
1854; and that the act of June 12, 1840, for the
discontinuanceofland officesundercertain circum-
stances, shall not apply to the office at Vincennes
until the services required by the act of July 27,
1854, shall have been performed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
SWAMP AND OVERFLOWED LANDS.
Mr. STUART. I have a report to make from
the Committee on Public Lands on a subject
which I think should receive the immediate action
of the Senate. That committee have instructed
me to report back the House bill for the relief of
purchasers and locators of swamp and overflowed
lands, with an amendment. Two bills of this
character have already passed the Senate during
the present Congress, and gone to the House of
Representatives; but the House have passed ano-
ther bill of their own and sent it here. In order
to secure action upon the subject, which is one of
very great importance to individuals as well as to
the States, I hope ihe Senate will indulge me by
agreeing to the request, which the Committee
desired me to make, for present action on the sub-
ject.
Mr. GWIN. It can come up in the morning
hour to-morrow or next day. 1 must object to
its consideration now, because I wish to make
a motion of importance in regard to the Pacific
railroad bill. 1 hope the Senator will allow the
bill which has been reported to lie over until to-
morrow morning, by which time it can be printed.
Mr. STUART. Of course the bill m-ust go
over if objection be made.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GWIN. 1 now move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Pacific railroad
bill, which waa reported at the last session, and'
