1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
wi!l remember very well that the bill which was
defeated in the House of Representatives was
defeated by only one vote. Now, I have every
assurance that, if a bill can pass this body at an
early day, it will receive the favorable consider-
ation of the House of Representatives. All that
we desire is, that it shall be taken up, and if it
csnnot command a majority of this body,let it be
defeated, if they are not satisfied that this is a
great national work, which ought to enlist the
sympathies and votes of every portion of the
Union, let it be defeated. At all events, let us
now have a vote upon the question of taking itup.
The question being taken by yeas and nays;
resulted—year, 17, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Meiers. Adams, Bell, Bramerd, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Douglas, Foot, Geyer, Gvvin, Houston, Johnson,
Jones of Iowa, Kusk, Seward, Thomson of New Jersey,
Touccy, Wade and Weller,—17.
< NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Cadger, Bayard, Benjamin,
Brodhcad, Btovvn, Cass, Chase, Clay, Clayton, Dawson,
Dodge of Iowa, Evans, Fessenden, Fitzpatnek, GitlelU',
Hamlin, Humor, Jones of Tennessee, Moliory, Morton,
Pearce, Pratt, Reid, Shields, Slidell, Stuait, Sumner, Wells
and Wright.—b0
So the Senate refused to proceed to the consid-
eration of the Pacific railroad bill.
EXTENSION OF BOUNTY LAND LAWS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the bill " in
addition to certain acts granting bounty land to
certain officers and soldiers who have been en-
gaged in the military service of the United States."
I need not repeat that I think we are prepared j
to vote upon it. It has been a long time before
the Senate, and I think it can be disposed of in
<ifteen minutes. I
Mr. BENJ &MIN. This is about the fifth time
that this bill has been in a condition to be dis- j
posed of in fifteen minutes, and on every such oc-
casion it has taken the entire day. 1 trust that ]
those gentlemen whose sections of the country are
interested m the internal improvement bills, will
give us a chance to vote on them. Most ot those
bills are comprised in three lines. They relate j
to measures which received the action of both j
branches of Congress at the last session. 1 trust |
we shall now be permitted to take them up and j
pass them. I
Mr. EVANS. While other gentlemen are ]
putting in their claims for the consideration of
measures in which they feel an interest, as the
Pacific railroad bill has been laid aside, at least for
to-day, I wish to call attention to the lad thaUhe
next bill on the special orders is a bill for the linal
settlement of the claims of the soldiers of the rev-
olutionary army. 1 hope we shall take up the
bills in the order in which they stand. The one
to which I have alluded is next in order, and I ask
that it may be taken up.
The PRESIDENT. The first question is on
the motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr SLIDELL. Does it not require the pass-
ing over of the regular order of business to reach
the bill to which the Senator from Pennsylvania
now calls the attention of the Senate?
Mr. BRODHEAD. No, sir.
Mr. EVANS. I think it does.
Mr. CASS. Let me suggest to the benator
from Louisiana that, if there be a prospect of
taking the vote on the bill of the Senatoi fiorn ,
Pennsylvania without further discussion, he migVit i
as well eive way. . .
Mr. SLIDELL. If there is to be no discussion
on that bill, I am willing to yield.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania thinks there will be no discussion.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope we shall not
proceed to the consideration of the bounty land
bill. I think it has had quite its fair proportion
of the time of the Senate, and a good deal more.
I trust the Senate will vote down the proposition
of theSenator from Pennsylvania, and then accede
to the suggestion of the Senator from Louisiana,
and proceed to the consideration of the bills to
which he has referred. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS-Messrs. Allen, Bell, Bramerd. Brodhcad, Brown,
Chase Clayton, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, DougI..s,
Foot, GGillette, Gw.'n, Hunter, James,
nessee, Ma-on. Morton, Pettit, patr, Reid,
Stuait, Thompson of Kentucky, loucey, Weller, and
Wells—29
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Benjamin, Clay, Dodge
of Iowa, Evans, Fitzpatriek, .lone* of Iowa, Pearce, Se-
bastian, Slidell, Sumner, Thomson of New Jersey, Wade,
and Wnght—15.
So the motion was agreed to, and the Senate
accordingly resumed the consideration of the bill.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Shields.]
Mr. BADGER. I think the first question is
upon a motion to reconsider an amendment which
I offered, and which the Senate placed in the bill.
The PRESIDENT. The Secretary reports
another amendment to be pending.
Mr. WELLER. Thifirstquestion, I suppose,
is on the motion made by myself to reconsider the
amendment of the Senator from North Carolina.
The PRESIDENT. The Secretary reports
that the amendment pending, when the bill was
last under consideration, is one offered by the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] to and the
following:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provisions of this act
, shall apply to the rangers who served on the frontiers
j against the Indians.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope it will be voted
down.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BELL. I now desire to renew the amend-
ment which I offered to the original bill.
Mr. WELLER. The motion to reconsider
now takes precedence of any other amendment.
Mr. BELL. Very well. 1 have no objection
to considering it now.
Mr. WELLER. It takes precedence of any
other motion. 1 ask the Secretary to read the
amendment which I moved to reconsider.
Mr. BADGER. In taking down the memo-
randum of what was done, the motion of the
Senator from California may have escaped the
notice of the Secretary. I know that the Senator
moved to reconsider the vote by which an amend-
ment offered by myself had been made to the bill.
I moved an amendment to strike out of the first
section the words " and whose services have been
paid by the United States," which amendment
was agreed to upon the call of the yeas and nays. >
The honorable Senator having voted with the
<( yeas" in favor of the amendment  
The PRESIDENT. Now moves to reconsider
that vote.
Mr. BADGER. He, subsequently to thevote,
moved to reconsider it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not understand that
the amendment mentioned by the Senator from
North Carolina was the one which was moved to
be reconsidered.
Mr WELLER. The amendment was different
from that. It was reduced to writing afterwards
by the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr BADGER. The Senator is right.
Mr. WELLER. Let the Secretary read it.
The amendment was to add, at the end of the
first section, the following:
■and provided also, That where any each officers, sol-
diers, or volunteers, may have been called out and em-
bodied by authority of any State, to resist a public enemy, r
they shall be entitled to the benefits ot_this-ection, although ;
they may not have been paid by the United States. |
Mr. BADGER. I do not mean to discuss the j
question; but before voting upon the motion to
reconsider, it is due to myself to say that, when
the amendment was under discussion m the Sen-
ate, I mentioned a case as having occurred m my
State in which troops were called out and paid
by the State. It has been suggested to me by a
friend that the money so paid was afterwards re-
funded by the United States. It may be so I
have no knowledge or recollection of it. I had
supposed it had not been paid, because the State
which I have the honor in part to represent, is
ever negligent in making claims against the Gen-
eml Government. 1 merely make that statement
in justice to myself. I shall vote against the
reconsideration, because I think tne amendment
1IgMr WELLER. I regard this as decisive of
I the fate of the bill; and, therefore, ask for the
1 veas and nays upon it. ^ .
The yeas ana nays were ordered, ana being
taken, were—yeas 29, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adam*. Allen, Hell, Bright, Brodhead,
Brown, C^> Da^on, DodSe of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa! fccyer, Gwui, Hunter, Johnson, Jones of
Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Maliory, Mason, Pettit, Reid,
Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, Thompson of New Jersey, Tou-
cey. Weller, Wells, and Wright —29.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Benjamin, Brainerd, Clay,
Clayton, Evans, Fessenden, Fitzpatriek, Foot, Gillette,
Hamlin, Morton, Pearee, Pratt, Rusk, Seward, Samper,
and Wade—18.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to;,and
the question recurred upon the amendment.
Mr. BADGER. There seems to be a very
remarkable change in the opinion of the Senate,
in regard to the value and excellence of that amend-
ment, in the course of a few days. The motion
to reconsider is agreed to, on the yeas and nays,
by a considerable majority, while the amendment
itself was agreed to by a very large majority. I
should be glad if the Senate would indulge me
with the yeas and nays upon the adoption of the
amendment, so that the various changes in opinion
may appear on the record. .
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
: taken, were—yeas 23, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Badger, Benjamin, Brainerd, Clay,
Clayton, Dixon, Douglas. Evans, Fessenden, FitzpatricK,
Foot, Gillette, Hamlin, Morton, Pearce, Petm, Pratt, Rusk,
Seward, ShdcU, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, and
WNAy3"—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Bright, Brodhead, Brown,
Cas*, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa,
Geyer, Gvvin, Houston, Hunter, Johnson, Jones of Iowa,
Jones of Tennessee, Mason, R  id, Sebastian, Shields,
Smart, Thompwnof New Jersey, Toueey, Weller, Wells,
and Wright—26.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. DODGE. 1 offer the following amend-
ment:
Jlnd he it further enacted, That no lands entered and
naid lor by w;u rants issued under the provisions ot tins act,
m the name of any assignee or aKpigneea ol ssnch warrants,
shall be sold in a quantity exceeding three hundred and
twenty acres In u contiguous tract; nor shall any one per-
son entcrine: and paying lor lands with such assigned war-
rants be entitled to thus enter and pay for more than six
hundred and forty acres of land within any one township.
I will state, for the information of the Senate,
that the amendment is the one which was offered
bv the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] to
the original bill, and which was agreed to by the
Senate, with an amendment proposed by myself,
reducing the number of acres as they stand in the
amendment as I have now offered it. It received
the vote of a large majority of the Senate on a call
of the yeas and nays. I hope there will be no
ohiection to it now. It has been left out ot the
substitute by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is not necessary.
Mr. CLAYTON. 1 shall move to amend the
amendment by doubling the number of acres in
each case. That will make it stand as 1 originally
proposed it; and 1 do not think that is too large
for a farm in the W^est. If the restriction is made
so narrow as my friend from Iowa proposes, it will
have the effect of greatly depreciating the value of
the warrants in the market.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the object is to prevent a
whole section of country of good lands being taken
up on the location of these warrants, the amend-
mentof the Senator from Iowa will not accomplish
that object, nor will that proposed by the Senator
from Delaware. The provision is, that not more
than three hundred and twenty acres shall be
located together by any one person, and not more
than six hundred and twenty acres in the same
township. Well, sir, you may take a man who
has warrants for one hundred thousand acres. He
will allow one man to make a location, and an-
other, another, and thus take a whole township
under that very amendment, and be the owner of
it. You must make the provision that there shall
not be, under this bill, more than three hundred
and twenty acres located together, and, under this
bill, there shall not be more than six hundred ana
forty acres located in the same township, whether
it be in the name of one person or a thousand
persons. Then you will accomplish your object.
But if you make it that they shall not be located
bv any one person, a man will make his first loca-
tion, and have his agents for others, and you make
no limitation at all. I would suggest, therefore,
to my friend from Iowa to modify his amendment,
so as to say that, under the provisions of this >  .
there shall not be located more than threc
and twenty acres in a body, nor more than six
hundred and forty acres in any one township,
whether it be by one or more persons.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I accept that modifica-
! h°Mr. CLAYTON. Such a provision as that
I would render the warrants almost worthless. 1
