THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5.
■withdraw my amendment; and ask for the yeas
and nays on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, as modified.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment of the
Seriator from Delaware is withdrawn; and the
question is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, which has been modified to read as follows:
Ji-nd be it further enacted, That no lands entered and
paid tor by warrants issued under the provisions of this act,
in the name of any assignee, orassignees, of such warrants,
sliall be sold in a quantity exceeding three hundred and
twenty acres in a contiguous tract, nor shall any person, or
persons, entering and paying for lands with such assigned
warrants, be entitled to thus enter and pay for more tlian
six hundred and forty acres of land within any one town-
ship under the provisions of this act which, m the aggre-
gate, shall exceed the amount above stated.
Mr. HAMLIN. I should like to have the Sen-
ator from Iowa, or the Senator from Illinois, state
how many acres this bill will'require. I think, if
you permit only six hundred and forty acres to
be located in any one township, you will hardly
find enough townships in which to locate the war-
rants.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will leave my friend from
Iowa, and my friend from Delaware, to answer
that objection. I have not offered such a propo-
sition as this, nor am I prepared to show that all
the lands provided for in the bill ever could be en-
tered under such an amendment; but I do say, that
the provision that they were proposing—that it
should not be done by any one person—seemed to
put a limitation in the bill when it was really no
limitation; and would encourage men to do indi-
rectly what they were forbidden to do directly. It
was calculated to mislead, without accomplishing
the objects professed to be had in view. I am not
prepared to say that, under the amendment, there
would be townships enough having public lands
in them to exhaust ail the lands provided for in
the bill, and hence should not have offered the
amendment myself, as an original amendment.
The question was taken by yeas and nays; and
resulted—yeas 23, nay3 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Beniamin, Cass, Chase,
Clay, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of [owa, Fitzpatrick,
Gillette, Gwin, Houston, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory,
Sebastian, Shields, Shdell, Stuart, Sumner, Thomson of
New Jersey, Wade, and Wellei—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Brainerd, Hrodhead,
Brown, Butler, Clayton, Dawson, Dixon, Douglas, Evans,
Fessenden, l'oot, Geyer, Hamlin, Hunter, James, Jones of
Tennessee, Mason, Morton, Pearee, Pettit, Pratt, Ucid,
Rusk, Sewatd, Thompson of Kentucky, Toucey, Wells,
and Wright—00.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BELL. 1 now offer the amendment which
I-offered to the original bill—to insert in the first
section, after the words " service of the United
States,"and again after "therein,"amongthe list
of those to be entitled to the benefits of the bill,
the following:
And each of the surviving officers and privates who, in
any of the wars m which this country has been engaged,
performed military service against the public enemy, though
not called and regularly mustered into the service of the '
United States.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I rise to a question of
order. The honorable Senator from Tennessee
moves to amend the substitute which has been
adopted. I do not understand that that is in order.
All the other amendments have been separate and
independent sections. They were offered to amend
my substitute, which has been adopted, by adding
to it; but I take it, that the phraseology of the sub-
stitute cannot be varied.
Mr. BELL. I can get over that by adding it
as an additional section.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment is in
order. The question is on agreeing to it.
Mr. BELL. I will merely remark that it is
intended to cover a class of cases where the most
efficientand brilliautservice was performed against
the public enemy; and yet the volunteer riflemen
„f the mountain, who performed it, were never
called nor mustered into the service of the United
States. They performed the service, of which I
speak, within a period, I believe, of thirty days.
They left their homes, captured Ferguson, and
slew, or made prisoners, one thousand one hun-
dred'and fifty of the public enemies, and returned,
all within thirty days; yet they never got a pen-
sion, because their service was too shoit. iney
never had bounty land given them, for the same
reason I suppose. I merely avail myseh of the
opportunity presented by this bill, to see if uiey
Can be recognized, when the bill, upon its face,
provides bounty lands for all who were called into
the service in the late war with Great Britain, and
1 think the Indian wars from 1790, whether they
performed any service or not against the public
enemy—whether they ever heard a hostile gun
fired or not; and thousands of them never did. I
will say no more.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will not debate the
amendment. I merely rise to ask whether this is
not the same in substance, although not going
quite as far as the amendment offered by yourself,
(Mr. Babgee in the chair,) and voted down.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, it is not the
same amendment. Does the Senator raise a point
of order?
Mr. BRODHEAD. No, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. I am very glad that the Sen-
ator from Tennessee has offered the amendment,
it embraces a class of cases which have arisen in
my own State, where two companies were organ-
ized immediately upon the outbreak of the Indians
in 1849. They were not mustered into service,
but they did good service to the State, and, of
course, to the United States. They cannot re-
ceive bounty land under the present organization,
but this amendment will give itto them. The State
itself assumed to pay those men, and issued scrip
accordingly.
Mr. CASS. There is no Senator who is dis-
posed to go further than I am; but as surely as
you adopt such a provision as that, without any
check upon it, so surely will it be most extrava-
gant. Allow me to mention a little incident that
occurred in my presence the other day. When
the officers and soldiers of the war of 1812 were
assembled in convention in the church in this city,
one of them came, took me by the hand, and said:
" I am very glad to see you " After some con-
versation, I asked him wli re he had seen me? lie
said: " I saw you at the battle of Tippecanoe. I
recollect you as well as any eventthat has happened
in my life." He spoke honestly; thought he had
seen me somewhere, beyond a doubt; but, of
course, he did not see me tlure, for I was not
there. Now, Mr. President, if you go back, in
this way, beyond the war of 1812—if you go back
to 1775, anil onwards, it will be the loosest ar-
rangement the Government ever made.
Let me tell you another fact which I learned
from the Commissioner of Pensions, to show how
loosely these things are done. He told me he had
in his office certificates from a justice of the peace
that the person who took the deposition preceding
it was a man so and so. It was all right, under
the seal of the court, and the seal of a great State
annexed that that man was a justice of the peace,
and full credit was due to him; and yet there was
no justice of th > peace, no certificate in it at all.
It twas not anything It was all forged. In fact
it was all given in blank to be filled up. Tlie
Commissioner told me the fact that one of those
certificates, under the executive seal of the State,
was dated after the expiration of the term of office
of the Governor himself. Ail this calls upon us
for very great caution.
Mr. BELL. Now, Mr. President, we have
precisely a specimen of the reasoning, and mode
of opposition, which has always defeated any
recognition of the claim to the notice of the Gov-
ernment of those gallant riflemen of the mount-
ains who performed those achievements which
Jefferson pronounced were the turning point of
the Revolution. The term of service was too,
short, is one objection. That has been the objec-
tion for twenty-odd years, to my knowledge, since
I have been a member of Congress. You cannot
get a pension for them because the term was too
short. They were only out some twenty or thirty
days. Now, again, there is no muste,--roll, and
we shall be liable to an indefinite number of frauds
under it. Will the honorable Senator tell me if
he does not know that thousands of frauds have
already been committed under your pension laws,
and that there will be frauds again, and that it is
one of the abuses incident to this enormous sys-
tem of pensioning which we have got into? I
heard the objection thrown out the other day:
Why, there is no muster-roll, and it will give rise
to a great many frauds! What is the act of 1832 ?
Is there any muster roll in any of the States which
authorized State troops, except one which I re-
member, or, perhaps, two—Virginia and New
Hampshire? The Department had to provide
regulations in the best manner they could, the
wise3t manner their judgment indicated, to prevent
frauds. Yet, sir, 'numerous frauds hare been
committed under the act of 1832, which provided
for ail who had served in the Revolution, whether
mustered into the service of the United States, or
regarded as Continental troops, or State troops,
and without regard to the muster-roll. We know,
in fact, that there were no muster-rolls except in
two States.
Mr. CASS intimated his dissent.
Mr. BELL. I beg the honorable Senator to
show it. 1 appeal to honorable Senators who are
acquainted witli the subject to say whether every
thing has not rested upon parol, the recollection
of witnesses. The rules and regulations adopted
by the Department, in order to prevent fraud,
upon reputation and recollection, are very uncer-
tain after a great lapse of time; yet, sir, thousands
have received pensions upon testimony with no
greater certainty or validity than that.
Here, then, is the renewal of the objection. It
is not that the term of service was too short; but
it is too uncertain, and indefinite, and will lead to
a great many frauds. There were not a great
many engaged in that battle. There were hardly
enough of them to guard the prisoners that they
captured when the battle was over—one of the
most brilliant exploits of the Revolution. What
has occurred under ^our system of 1832? Why,
sir, ask your Commissioner of Pensions, and the
various committees of pensions who have served
in the House or Senate, from time to time, since
1832, and they will tell you it is their candid be-
lief that not only every man who performed mil-
tary service in the United States against the public
enemy has come in under it, but in hundreds of
instances, every tory who lived to a great age, and
acquired a character among his neighbors, when
it came to be getting indefinite and uncertain tradi-
tion in regard to them, and when they had con-
nected themselves extensively and respectably and
become valuable citizens of the neighborhood.
And yet, because the term of service of the gal-
lant heroes of King's Mountain was too short, and
frauds may be committed, we will not give a pen-
sion ora recognition by an award of bounty land.
As I said the other day, there are but few of that
gallant body of men, if there be any, now living.
Some of them have left children, and if they get
no bounty land, it would be something to them if
some recognition were to be found upon the pub-
lic records that their ancestors were engaged in
that brilliant affair. Give them a brass medal, or
a copper medal, if you please. But, now, as I
stated upon a former occasion, from the fact of
the battle of King's Mountain never having been
noticed in any public act of Congress recognizing
the claims of revolutionary officers and soldiers,
no pensions having been awarded to them, and the
five thousand agents collecting testimony, histor-
ical and traditionary, in regard to every other
battle in the thirteen colonies, not naming the bat-
tle of King's Mountain, it has almost gone out of
recollection. Tradition has almost failed, in every
section but one, to carry down to posterity the
memory of that battle. I stated on a former oc-
casion that I saw, even in so respectable a paper
as the Intelligencer, and copied into every leading
journal I believe—all that I saw—in the United
States, a statement of the most brilliant affair®
during the Revolution, in which the battle oj
King's Mountain was omitted.
There were gallant South Carolinians, too, in
that battle. The gallant and noble Williams fell
there. They joined the mountain men from east
Tennessee and western Virginia. A portion of
North Carolina gallantly came to theiraid. They
all concentrated withm a few days and assisted
in that brilliant affair.
Now, sir, for some cause or other, for some
reason or other—their term of service too short,
danger of frauds, its uncertainty, want of muster-
rolls, they have been excluded from pensions;
and now, when we are about to give bounty land
to every man who was mustered into the service
during the war of 1812—though they never saw a
public enemy; tens of thousands were called out
on the sea-board, fearing an attack which never
did take place, and though they never marched a
foot, or, at least, if they were only fourteen days in
service—it will not do to go any further and over-
burden the bill. You will kill it to a certainty,
we are told, if we connect with it a small class
that has never been included in any of the beneS-
