562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
our second independence, I have no heart to
refuse them, when they shall ask it, in the form
of pensions, or a little home in the wilderness,
from the millions of acres of the public lands,
which the Government does not require, and is
unable to sell.
But, Mr. President, according to the views pre-
sented by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
the amendment of the Senator from Tennessee
ought not to be agreed to, because others may come
in and obtain that to which they are not justly
entitled. Is it not a strange argument; is it not a
most extraordinary one, that, because some may
take advantage of the law, and avail themselves
of those benefits to which they are not entitled,
therefore those who are really entitled are to be
excluded from all its beneficent provisions ? You
are to cut off those who are meritorious for fear
that those who are not should be benefited ! It is
an argument that may be addressed to the head,
but it can find no place in the heart. For one, I
repudiate it, and will leave the Government to
take care of its interests. I will do justice, what-
ever may be the consequence. It is to the citizen
that the Government owes its existence; and the
Government that is false and unjust to its citizens
is unjust to itself. Yes, sir, it is unjust to itself,
because it sets an example which,of all examples,
is best calculated to alienate the affections of the
people from the Government. For, it is only upon
the affection of the citizen that a Government like
ours can be sustained. We love the Government.
It is because we love it that we will fight for it,
and shed our blood and sacrifice our lives to sus-
tain it. But when the Government becomes our
oppressor; when it ceases to do justice; when it
wars upon our interests; when it refuses to extend
to us its protection, or withholds from us that to
which we are justly entitled, it is then that we
cease to look to it with an eye of affection, but
turn our faces from it, and look out for some
change that will best secure to us the rights whicb
it was our object to have protected in its establish-
ment.
We have, sir, an overflowing Treasury. It is
a question as to what we are to do with our sur-
plus revenue. We have too much money. Some
are in favor of reducing the tariff, with a view to
get clear of it; some for a distribution of it among
the several States; some for one proposition and
some for another; but all concur in the fact that
we have more money than we have any use for.
Yet we cannot do justice to the citizens for fear
that it may cost too much ! It is a cold-hearted
policy, and should find a home nowhere but in the
bosom of the miser.
Then, sir, we have millions of acres of the
public lands which we have no manner of use
for; and it is proposed to give it—even to those
who come from abroad, and who have no claim
whatever upon the Government—to the foreigner,
to the pauper, to the renegade from justice, to the
man who has been turned out of the jails, and
the dungeons of Europe, and sent over to our
country to prey upon us and eat up our substance.
We are to give it to all of those miserable wretches,
the descend ents of the worst enemies of our coun-
try, whilst our own soldiers, and their descend-
ants, are to be turned away, with a cold and
chilling denial, on the suspicion that somebody
may creep in under the wing of the law, and,
through fraud, misrepresentation, or falsehood,
obtain the benefit of its provisions. It matters
not how much land is squandered upon the vaga-
bond population who are pouring in upon us like
the Goths and Vandals upon the Roman Empire
in her last days, and it may be to curse us as they
did her. It matters not how many of the inmates
of the dungeons and pest-houses of Europe are
pouring in upon us, we extend to them a warm
and cordial welcome, and give them a bounty in
lands for coming, while the old soldier, who tells
you of many a hard fought battle in defense of
his country, and strips up his sleeves, and shows
his gears, and says: I was with Washington at
Trenton; I received these wounds in fightingside
by side with the immortal Greene; I Was cut down
at Eutaw; I survived; I lost all but my honor; I
trusted to my country; I expected she would
stand by and sustain me; but she casts a cold and
chilling look of suspicion upon my petition for
compensation for all my sacrifices, and says to
pne, there may be fraud practiced by others if I
do justice to you—I cannot, Mr. President, sub-
scribe to injustice like this. It is at war with
every generous impulse of my heart. As an
American citizen, I love my country; as an Amer-
ican citizen, I am grateful to those who achieved
her independence; and, as a man, and in private,
I would not do wrong to others, so in my public
character, I will do justice to those who come
before us and ask compensation for noble services
performed in the achievement of our independence.
But, Mr. President, why should you not give
the benefits of this act to the heroes of King's
Mountain? Does any man pretend to say that
Shelby did not most bravely serve his country in
that bloody conflict? Does any man say that
McDowell and Campbell, or that any of those
who shed such luster upon their country on that
memorable occasion, are not entitled to the grati-
tude of the country ? Why do you say they shall
receive no compensation ? Because some others,
who are not entitled, may receive it! I know the
Senator from Michigan—I know his heart is right,
but, in this, surely, he must be mistaken. Al-
though I have the greatest confidence in his judg-
ment, I must say that I think, in this particular,
he has gone too far in the exercise of what he may
consider a sound discretion. There is no law that
you can make that somebody may not take advant-
age of and practice fraud under it upon you; but
will you tell me that because some men may avail
themselves of some nice technicality, or some want
of honesty in themselves, and thereby avail them-
selves of the provisions of the law when they are
not entitled to them, therefore it is wrong to
pass it?
I shall vote with the greatest pleasure for the
amendment offered by the Senator from Tennes-
see. It is right in itself; and it reflects honor upon
his head, as it dc<es upon his heart.
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. WELLER. This amendment, I believe,
is substantially the same as the one offered by the
Senator from North Carolina, upon which the Sen-
ate has already voted. If it simply proposed to
include that class of soldiers alluded to by the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, I might'be disposed to vote
for it; but it allows bounty land to all persons who
performed any military service, no matter how
little or how trifling in its character, from the be-
ginning of the Revolution down to the present day.
Now, it is well known that in all the States lying
along the sea coast, troops were very frequently
called out during the war of 1812, in anticipation
of attacks on different points. They marched
from the interior to the sea-board. They performed
military service to that extent. Under the opera-
tion of this amendment, every one of them would
be entitled to a share of bounty land. I think
there is no sort of justice in that. While I am as
willing as any Senator to reward the soldier who
has really performed service to the country, I am
unwilling to take in all proposed by the amendment
of the Senator from Tennessee; and how many
it will embrace no man can tell. That Senator
cannot tell me how many were called out in the
State of New York during the war of 1812, who
marched, perhaps, to the sea-board in anticipation
of an attack. If the enemy had been there, I doubt
not they would have fought most gallantly; but
there was nobody there to fight; it was a false
alarm; and now they will come in, and under the
denomination of " old soldiers," get one hundred
and sixty acres of land.
Mr. BELL, Will the honorable Senator tell
me how many in the State of New York and Vir-
ginia were called into the service for the purpose
of defending the sea-board, and, because their
names were upon a roll, and they were received
into the service, will be entitled, under the bill as
it stands, to this bounty; but those who, at a
former period, performed the most distinguished
services, but did not wait to have a roll made out,
and to be received into the service, cannot receive
the bounty? Now, I do not know there were any
in New York who were not regularly mustered
into theservice; for, generally, I think, there,and
in other places, they are pretty careful, when
they move to the frontier to perform military ser-
vice, to do it under such circumstances that they
can show a muster-roll, and prove that they were
received into the service. That was the case in
Vermont; it was the case, I imagine, in Massa-
chusetts, in Virginia, and elsewhere. Tens of
thousands may get the benefit of this bill as it now
stands, for merely having their names on a mus-
ter-roll; but it is a very dangerous thing, it is said,
to admit those who performed even the most emi-
nent and distinguished services, if they had n ot
the honor to have their names on a muster-roll.
How does the honorable Senator from California
account for this distinction which he is ready to
make ?
Why, sir, under the act of 1832, State troops,
though there was no muster-roll left on the records
of the State or General Government, were ad-
mitted to the benefits of the pension system which
was enacted in that year. The honorable Sena-
tor from Michigan thought I was mistaken when
I said that, according to my information, there
was no muster-roll of any of the States to be
found except Virginia and New Hampshire. I
do not think I was mistaken in that; but, at any
rate, you will find regulations of the Department
dispensing with the muster-rolls in all other cases,
and allowing parol proof—tradition, reputation,
and statements of respectable persons—to be re-
ceived.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Not under this bill.
Mr. BELL. What is the difference between
that bill and this in this respect? Is the honorable
Senator ready now to vote for a bill granting pen-
sions to the descendants of those heroes to whom
I have alluded? I imagine, from what I have
heard on this floor, that he and others would not
consent to that. He considers the service too
short to justify him in that. In 1818 and 1832 it
was objected that they had not served long enough.
In 1855 it is too late, we are told, and too many
frauds may be perpetrated. That is the ground
of opposition to this amendment.
If this amendment be identical with that offered
by the Senator from North Carolina, it can be
easily varied; but I do not think it is identical with
it. This provision applies to soldiers " in any of
the wars in which this country has been engaged."
The object of that is, to take it beyond the period
of 1790. The amendment offered by the honor-
able Senator from North Carolina applied only to
such as were called out and embodied by the
States subsequent to 1790. There is a substan-
tial difference between the two in that respect, and
it is a sufficient difference, I take it, to authorize
the Chair to decide that the two are not alike.
Then again: if it is thought to be important,
though I do not think it is, to restrict it so as to
provide only for those who performed military ser-
vice by coming in contact with a public enemy,
embodied in hostile array, that can be easily in-
serted.
Mr. SHIELDS. Does the honorable Senator
propose that restriction ?
Mr. BELL. Others object to it; and therefore
I will allow the amendment to remain as it is.
Mr. WELLER. It will be noticed that it is
not necessary, under this amendment, that those
for whom it provides should have been even called
out by the State authorities. Any military officer
apprehending that the enemy were about to land
at a certain point, could call out five hundred men
and march them down to that place, and all of
them, under the provisions of the amendment, will
be entitled to bounty land. Is there any justice
in that? The speech of the honorable Senator is
one thing, and his amendment is another. He
speaks of King's Mountain and the gallant men
of the Revolution; but the amendment proposes
to give bounty land to an entirely different class.
While rewarding the old soldier, who really per-
formed service, you are giving this bounty to men
who were called out by no State authority who
marched down to a point where the enemy were
anticipated, but not finding them there, put their
Ti/rS mt0 tlle'r P°c'tets an(l went home.
Mr. BELL. I, of course, did not intend to in-
clude any such.
WELLER. The amendment includes the
whole of them.
Mr. SHIELDS. I desire to vote for the hon-
orable Senator s amendment, but if I understand
its import, the objection of the honorable Senator
from California is well taken. It will include all
men called out, who marched and carried a musket
on their shoulders, whether they performed anv
real service or not. If the honorable Senator will
restrict it to those who were engaged in battle or
met t'ie enemy> I will support it. '
Mr. BELL. I stated already I had no objec-
tion to doing bo, but other Senators adri ed me
