1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
565
Mr. SCJMNER. Long years have passed since
the controversy occurred which has been revived in
this debate. Meanwhilealltheactorsinitaredead;
and even the political heats which it provoked,
and which seemed less mortal than the actors, are
dead too. 1 would not undertake to disparage the
constitutional question involved; nor do I care to
express any opinion upon it. If the Common-
wealth of Massachusetts at one time denied the
power of the President over her militia, she at an-
other time admitted it. In the vicissitudes of pub-
lic sentiment, her authority is on both sides. But
whatever may be the difficulties of the question, or
its magnitude—even if it be as important as is im-
agined by the distinguished Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Cass]—still, on the present occasion, I
cannot regard it as of a practical character. It
does not properly belong to the discussion of this
bounty bill. It is a mere abstraction. Itisaghost
which has no place here.
It is true that the Governor of Massachusetts,
at an early date after the declaration of war with
Great Britain, in 1812, refused to place the mi-
litia of the State under the command of an officer
of the United States; but it is none the less true
that, in the course of the war, faithful and efficient
services were rendered by this militia in the pro-
tection of the State, when threatened along its
whole coast, from Nantucket to Eastport. These
services have been already recognized, and, to a
large extent, paid by this Government. They
have been the subject of ample discussion in both
Houses of Congress, of numerous reports from
committees, and of messages from the President.
After all, then, it is too late to attempt to unsettle
them.
As the Senator from Michigan, on a former
occasion, referred to documents in order to exhibit
the controversy between "Massachusetts and the
General Government, I hope to be pardoned if I,
for a moment, refer to documents which show
how the controversy has been settled.
As early as 1817—shortly after the close of the
war—a claim was made on the General Govern-
ment by Massachusetts, on account of the cer-
vices of her militia. This was pressed by her
united delegation in Congress in 18*22. At hist, in
1824 its payment was recommended in a special
message by President Monroe, from which I read
the concluding paragraph:
"I have been led to conclude, on great consideration,
that the principles of justice, as vveil a& a due regard for
the great interests of our Union, require that this claim, in
the extent proposed, should be acceded to. Essential ser-
vice was rendered, in the late war, hy the militia ot Massa-
chusetts, and with the most patuotic motived. It seems
just, therefore, that they should be compensated for such
services', in like manner with the militia of the other States.
The constitutional difficulty aid not originate with them,
and has now been removed. It comports with our system
to look to the service rendered, and to the intention with
which it was rendered, and to award the compensation
accordingly, especially as it may now be done without the
sacrifice of principle. The motive, iu this instance, is the
stronger, because well satisfied I am, that, by so doing, we
shall give the most effectual support to our republican insti-
tutions. No latent cause of discontent will be left behind.
Tlie great body of the people will be gratified; aDd even
those'who now survive, who were then in error, cannot
fail to see, with interest and satisfaction, this distressing
occurrence thus happily terminated. I therefore consider
it my duty to recommend it to Congress to make provision
for the settlement of the claim of Massachusetts, for ser-
vices rendered in the late war by the miltua of the State, in
conformity with the rules which have governed in the set-
tlement ot the claims for services rendered by the militia of
the other States."
Mr. Monroe was the most prominent member
of the Cabinet during the war, filling, part of the
time the office of Secretary of State, and part of
the time that of Secretary of War. He was fa-
miliar with this controversy, and, by his official
and party relations, inclined to view the course of
Massachusetts with sternness. And yet we have
his formal recommendation of these claims.
In conformity with the message of President
Monroe, was a report from the Committee on
Military Affairs in the House of Representatives,
which was made by Mr. Hamilton, of South Caro-
lina, and sustained by him in debate in 1826.
The discussion ended in the adoption of a resolu-
tion referring the claim to the Secretary of War,
by whom it was committed, for examination, to
the Third Auditor. At this time, according to
the strict rules of evidence applied to the different
items, the sum of $430,748 26 was found to be
due to Massachusetts; but nothing was done at
this time towards it payment.
In 1830 a bill to authorize the payment of the
claim of the State of Massachusetts for militia
services during the late war, was introduced into
the Senate by Mr. Silsbee,at the time a respected
Senator from my State, and was finally reported
from the Military Committee by Mr. Benton,
who urged its passage in a speech, from which I
quote the concluding words:
"References to the opinions of a committee may not be
strictly regular; but in tiiis case it may be allowable, and I
can say that our opinion was unanimous in reporting tins
bill. Prejudices have prevailed against these claims. I
have felt thpse prejudices. I have seen the time when I
never expected tu vote for their payment. These preju-
dices continued until it became my duty to examine them;
and that examination has resulted with me, as with all
others who made it, in the conviction that a large part of
them ought to be paid."—Cong. Debates, 1830, Vol. Q,pait
p. 338.
The bill passed the Senate without a division;
and passed the House of Representatives, on the
last night of the session, by a vote of 83 to 21, on
the yeas and nays.
But a considerable sum still remained outstand-
ing, so that the subject was not banished from
Congress. By a resolution of t?he House of Rep-
resentatives, adopted 24th February, 1832, the
Secretary of War was again instructed to examine
the claim; and, by a joint resolution of both
Houses of Congress, approved 14ih May, 1836,
the Secretary of War was authorized " to receive
additional evidence in support of the claims ot
Massachusetts, and other States of the United
States, for disbursements, services, &c., during
the late war."
Thus for a long series of years, these services
have been solemnly recognized by the Govern-
ment in all its departments; in messages from the
President, reports of committees, debates of Con-
gress, and in money actually paid for them at the
Treasury of the United States. Surely I am
right when I say that it is now too kite to draw
them in question.
To Senators who object to them on the ground
assumed by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Cass,] I would say—without dwelling on the
hardship of holding soldiers responsible, as is
now proposed, for the constitutional opinions of
their superior officers—that the opinions which he
so earnestly condemns were, at a subsequent day,
formally abandoned by the government of Mas-
sachusetts. It is to this circumstance that Presi-
dent Monroe refers in his message, when he says:
  All that can be claimed by our fellow-citizcns of Mas-
sachusetts is, that the constitutional objection be waived,
and that they be placed on the same looting with their
brethren in the other States." * * * The consti-
tutional difficulty did not originate with them, and has now
been removed."
How it was removed appears from a letter of
William Eustis, once a member of the Cabinet of
Mr. Madison, and, at the time he wrote the docu-
ment to which I ask your attention, Governor of
Massachusetts. Here is the document, which
was addressed to the agents of Massachusetts here
in Washington, engaged in the prosecution of her
claim upon the General Government for these
services:
Boston, December 19,1823.
Gentlemen : Should objections on the part of the Fed-
eral Government to a part of the claim be urged on account
of the refusal of a former Governor to order out the mihua
on the requisition of the President, in addition to the rep-
resentations you were instructed to make, and to the neces-
sary mierences flowing from the facts and circumstances
therein stated, you may, with great truth and ju&uce, add
the mo t positive assurance that the people of this State
have, bv their suffrages, (the infallible test of public senti-
ment,) and by the public declaration of their immediate
repiesentatives, as will appear by reference to the authen-
ticated copies of their proceedings in all branches of the
Legislature, positively and specifically disavowed and dis-
approved the conduct of the former Governor on this occa-
sion, as well as the opinion delivered by the judges of the
supreme court, to the Governor and all others, who advised
to the course which was pursued. Respectfully,
W. EUSTIS.
George Sullivan, Esq.,
Joseph Peirce, Esq.
It is confidently believed that, if it were practicable to
take the opinion of the people, m their primary assemblies,
at this moment, nineteen twentieths of them, at least,
would confirm the statement herein given.
Now, sir, I allude to these things simply by-
way of explanation, and to remove the objection
which has been raised in this debate. For my-
self I entertain no feelings on the question, and
ask nothing but justice, according to well-estab-
lished principles.
The bill on your table proposes a largess of
laads, under ths name of bounty, to soldiers who
served in the war of 1812. I ask that you siull
not make an odious discrimination, which shall
exclude the patriotic services of the soldiers of
Massachusetts in that war. The services have
been already recognized, and, in large measure,
paid. The bounty should naturally follow as ths
incident to this recognition and payment.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I wish to inquire of
the Senator from Massachusetts if the Legisla-
ture of that State did not resolve in those times
that it was unbecoming a moral and religious
people, such as they were, to sustain the Gov-
ernment of the United States in the war which it
was then waging?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Iowa re-
fers to a resolution which passed one body of the
Legislature of Massachusetts, but did not pass th®
other. I believe, however, he has not stated its
terms precisely.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Then will the Senator
please state it ?
Mr. SUMNER. I cannot. I am not fresh
upon the subject. It was certainly before my
day. I will say to the Senator, however, that
whatever may have been the character of that
resolution, it does not seem to have anything to do
with the present question. If objectionable to the
extent imagined by the Senator, it was certainly
liquidated at a subsequent day, by the resolutions
passed by the Legislature, to which Governor
Eustis refers in the letter which 1 have read.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Then the Senator's
idea is, that the whole of the sins of the Federal-
ists of that day, were wiped out by a political rev-
olution, by the Democrats coming into power, and
rescinding certain resolutions which had been put
upon the record. But, sir, the point which I make
is this: I hold that a public state of things existed
there of which the country had cognizance, and
of which posterity should now have cognizance,
akin to that feeling which denied to the son of
Lincoln, who fell under the stripes of his country
in a more recent war, the rites of sepulture, when
brought back to Massachusetts; the feeling which
caused the burning of blue lights along that entire
coast during the last war with Great Britain.
If the provision can be restricted so as to give
bounty to the men who fought, or were willing
to fight in the war; if you can marshal off the
heirs of the Democrats and the Federalists, and
give it to those, those who succeeded in effecting th«
political revolution to which the Senator refers, and
were willing to march at the call of their eountry,'
and do battle in any portion of it; then I shall
gladly go for such an amendment.
The Senator has referred to the money claim of
Massachusetts as a precedent for this. I can
readily conceive why high considerations of State
policy should dictate, on the part of President
Monroe, a recognition and payment of that
claim; but we are not now paying any claim; we
are now passing a bounty land bill, by which land
scrip is to be issued to an indefinite amount, to
cover up and absorb the public lands for the next
fifty or sixty years. The only argument on
which it is based is, that you are to so treat your
soldiers and volunteers in the difficulties in which
they acted a glorious part, as in the future to en-
courage them, when the country is menaced with
danger, to rally to its standard. That is the on ly
principle which lies at the bottom of this bill, and
which 1 am sure causes men to support it. Now,
it is just as broken down as was brevet rank in
the war with Mexico; you have carried it to such
an extent that it is not even honorable or respe#t-
able; you give it as well to those who acted the
part of traitors, as to those who acted the part of
patriots.
Mr. CASS. I did not intend to say a word
more on this subject, nor should I do so if I had
not been especially appealed to, as I think, by the
Senator from North Carolina. I had once a great
deal of feeling on this subject. .1 have none now.
It is gone by. I am willing to look at it aS a his-
torical matter, in the process of legislation; and it
ought to be so looked at, with a view, to see its
effects for the future. What-were the facts ?
The war was declared in June, 1812. For two
or three years previous, and especially for some
months before, our coasts had been ranged from
one extent to the other by British cruisers. They
came into the Chesapeake; they came every where,
marauding, attacking the frigate^ Chesapeake, im-
pressing men out of her, committing acts which,
under any other circumstances, would have driven
