570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
Feliciana Railroad Company the amount paid by
them on judgments obtained against said company
by suits instituted on duty bonds given by said I
company for tne importation of certain bars of
railroad iron imported at New Orleans in July,
1836> and at New York, in the same month of the
same year.
The second section makes a similar provision in
reference to the Georgia Railroad and Banking
Company.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time,
and it was read a third time.
Mr. HILLYER. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. LAMB. I demand the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The call for the previous question received a
second, and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is the motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union not in order ?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order, for
the reason that the main question has been ordered
upon the passage of the bill called up by the gen-
tleman from Georgia.
The question was taken upon the passage of the
bill; and decided in the affirmative—yeas 109,
nays 55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Appleton, Ashe, Thomas II.
Bayly, Barksdale, Barry, Benton, Bocock, Boycc, Bridges,
Bnstow, Btigg, Campbell, Caruthers, Caskie, Chastam,
Cliugiiian,Oook, Corvvin, Craige, Cullom, John G. Davis,
Thomas Davis, Dunbar, Eastman, Edgerton, Edmunds,
Thomas I). Eliot, John M. Eliott, Etheridge, Everhart, Far-
ley, Franklin, Green,Greenwood, Grey, Andrew J Harlan,
Wiley P. Harris, Haven, Iliester, Hillyer, Howe, Hunt, In-
gerwill,George VV. Jones, Knil!, Kerr, Kidwell, Knox, La-
tham, T.etnher, Iiindley, McDousall. McMullin, McUueen,
Malteson, Majall, Noble, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Parkt r,
lYekham, Pennington, John Perkins, Phelps, 1'ringle, Pur-
year, lleady, Reese, David Ritchie,Thomas Ritchey, Rob-
bing, Rogers, Rowe, Rutin], Russell, Sabin, Sage, Seward,
Seymom, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Simmons, Singleton,
Samuel A. Smith,George W. Smyth, Hollers, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard It. Stanton. Hestor h. Stevens, Andrew
Smart, John L. Taylor, Teller, Thurston, Tracy, Tweed,
Uphairi,- Vansant, Wade, Walley, Warren, I'.llihu B.
Wa^hburne, Wells, John Went worth, Weslbrook, Daniel
B. Wright, and Yates—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Banks, Belcher, Bennett,
Benson, Carpenter, Chase, Ulark, Cobb, Cox, Curtis,
Dawson, Disney, Ellison, Fenton, Flagler, Fuller, Gamble,
Goodwin. Grow, Hamilton, Aaron Hailan, Hastings, Hen-
dricks, Henn, Hibbard, Houston, DanielT. Jones, J. Gljyi-
cv Jones, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, Lilly, Lmdsley, Lyon,
McCulloch, Maedonald, MeNair, Middleswarth, Millson,
Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Sapp,
Skelton, Straub, John J. Tavlor, Trout, Walker, Walsh,
Wheeler, VVitte, and Ilendnck B. Wright-—55.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HILLYER moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered, and that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS OF ARKANSAS.
Mr. WARREN. I have received five resolu-
tions from the Legislature of Arkansas, for the
establishment of various mail routes, and in regard
to the mail service in that State, which I move be
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. WARREN. I have received another reso-
lution of the Legislature of Arkansas, to secure
the continuance of the navy-yard at Memphis,
which I ask may be read, referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
The resolution states that, whereas Congress,
at its last session, donated to the city of Memphis j
the navy-yard which had been built up and estab- |
lished there at a cost to the Government of j
$1,000,000; and the city had resolved to reconvey !
the same to the United States, conditioned that it I
should be made a naval depot for the construction j
and repair of vessels of war: and whereas, the |
Secretary of the Navy had postponed the sale of
the equipments and movable property at the yard,
it was resolved by the General Assembly of
Arkansas that they commend the patriotism and
liberality of the citizens of Memphis in thus divest-
ing themselves of such a munificent gift; that the
establishment of a naval depot on the Missis-
sippi river, for the construction and repair of ves-
sels of war is, as has been shown by Lieutenant
Maury, and other distinguished officers of the
Navy, of vast importance to our national defense;
and that each of their Senators be instructed, and
each of their Representatives requested, to use all
proper exertions to procure the acceptance of the
yard by the Government.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WARREN. I have also received two
resolutions from the same Legislature in regard
to grants of the public land for railroad purposes,
which 1 ask may be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
The resolutions commend the policy of granting
lands for railroad purposes as a wise one, ana
instruct the Senators, and request the Represent-
atives in Congress, to ask for a donation of the
public lands, to aid in the construction of railroads
from the southwestern part of Missouri, through
the counties of Benton, Washington, and Craw-
ford, in Arkansas; thence along the western bor-
der of said State, to the Texas boundary; and from
the Missouri line, through the counties of Green,
Poinsett, Saint Francis, and Phillips, to Helena,
on the Mississippi river.
The question was taken; and the resolutions
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Mr. Speaker, the pre-
sentation and reference of the above resolutions
from the Legislature of Arkansas by my colleague,
renders it unnecessary for me to present and have
referred the copies which 1 have received.
LIMIT OF DEBATE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution.
Mr. WHEELER. I call for the regular order
of business, whatever it is, and object to every-
thing out of order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Why, this kind of business
is the regular order, is it not?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Tiewlvpil, That during the remainder nf the present ses-
sion all drbate in the Committee of the Whole on the ptate
of the Union shall he confined tarieily to the discussion of
the proposition under consideration, unless during sueh
evening sessions an a majority of said committee order lor
the purpose of general debate.
Messrs. Wheeler, Pringle, Washbuhn, of
Maine, and others, objected.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move to suspend the rules
to enable me to submit the resolution.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. I demand tellers
upon the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clingman,
and Smith, of Tennessee, were appointed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. This is a resolution to
change the rules of the House. Is not one day's
notice necessary ?
The SPEAXCER. The motion is to suspend
the rules, which it is competent for the House to
do.
The question was put; and the tellers reported—
sixty-nine in the affirmative.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the yeasandnays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. mcMULLXN. Is the proposition debat-
able ?
The SPEAKER. It is a motion to suspend
the rules, which is not a debatable motion.
The question was taken; and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 103, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Jameq C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Appleton, Thoma* II. Bayly, Barry, Belcher, Dennett, Ben-
ton, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges, Bristow, Chn^man,
Clark, Cobb, Corvvin, Cox, Craige, John G. Davis, Daw-
son, J)i«ney, Dunbar, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton,
Edmaiids,Tlios. I). Eliot, John M. Elliott, English, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Franklin, Fuller, Gamble, Grren, Green-
wood, Grey, IL-imilton, Andrew J. Harlan, Hastings, Ha-
ven, Hendueks, Ilenn, Hibbard, Houston, lng«'rsoll, John-
son .George W, Jo e?j, J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones, Kerr,
Knox, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane, Laiham, Letcher, Lind^ley,
Maedonald, McDougall, McQueen, Matteson, Maxwell,
Smith Miller, Millson, Morri&on, Noble, Norton, Olds, An-
drew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Peck, John Perkins,
Phelps, Ready, Riehardsson, Riddle, Thomas Ritchey,
Rowe, Rejmour, shannon, Shaw, Shower, Skelton,
George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard II. Stan-
ton, Straub, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, Thurston,
Trout, Vansant, Walker, Walley, Walsh, Warren, Ellihu
B. Washburne, Wells, and John Wemvvorth—103.
NAYy—Messrs. David J. Bailey, Ball, Barksdale, Ben-
son, Campbell, Carpenter, Caskie, Chastam, Chngman,
Cullom, Thomas Davis, Ellison, Etheridge, Farley, Fen-
ton, Flagler, Mdd'itgs, Goodwin, Grow, Aaron Harlan,
Wiley P. Harris, Hiestcr, Hill, Howe, £lunt, Daniel T.
Jones, Keitt, Kmredge, Lilly, LindleyjLyoo, McCulloch,
McMullin, May, Mayall, Middleswarth, Morgan, Murray,
Parker, Peckham, Pennington, Pringle, Puryear, David
Kitehie, Rogers, Kuffln, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Se-
ward, Simmons, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William It.
Smith, Sollers, Hestor L. Stevens, Andrew Stuart, John
L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller, Tracy, Tweed,
Upham, Wade, Israel Washburn, Tappan Wentworth,
Wheeler, Witte, Daniel B. Wright, Hendrick B. Wright,
Yates, and Zollieoffer—70.
So, two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative, the rules were not suspended.
JOEL HENRY DYER.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The House knows that
I never consume their time. Now, sir, I propose
that if they will allow me twenty minutes, I will
not, if possible, ask for any more time until- the
end of the session.
[Cries of "Goon!" "Goon!" "No objec-
tion!"]
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I will be brief. In the
first place, I will state, for the benefit of my Dem-
ocratic friends, that I have in my hand a manu-
script letter from General Jackson, which shows
his appreciation of the services of the father of the
memorialist, and his estimate of the character of
the family. I ask the House to take up 
[Cries of " Read it!"]
Mr. ETHERIDGE. No, sir, I will not read
it, unless the House desire specially to hear it.
Early in the last session of Congress,I presented
the memorial of Joel Henry Dyer, asking com-
pensation for his services in the Seminole war.
The papers were lost, and were never found until
within the last week. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs have unanimously reported a resolu-
tion to pay him what is due him. The bill has
been referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, but is so far down upon the Calendar
that it will be impossible to reach it during the
present session, in the regular order of business.
1 therefore propose to ask the House to discharge
the committee from its further consideration.
In the year 1836 a brigade of volunteers was
raised in the State of Tennessee, under General
Armstrong, for the prosecution of the Seminole
war. Alexander B. Bradford was elected colonel
of a regiment of the brigade, and Joel Henry Dyer
appointed by him judge-advocate of the regiment.
After the campaign was over, the regiment was
mustered out of service at New Orleans, and the
paymaster-general refused to pay him one dollar,
except what was due him as a private, owing to the
fact that the office of judge-advocate was not recog-
nized in the regular Army, although it was a part
of the military system of Tennessee, and estab-
lished by positive law. By the laws under which
he was appointed, he expected to receive the pay
of a captain of dragoons. The Committee on
Military Affairs, however, only propose to allow
him the pay of a lieutenant. The Treasury De-
partment report that they are unable to fix the
grade of judge-advocate. He has rendered emi-
nent services to the country, and I hope the House
will allow him to be paid what is due him.
I ask the unanimous consent of the House that
the Committee of the Whole House may be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the joint
resolution.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was reported to the House and read in extmso.
It directs the payment to Joel Henry Dyer the
sum of $8§0 43, in full satisfaction for his services,
deducting the amount which said Dyer received
as a private, while in the service of the United
States.
Mr. WALSH. I object to the Committee of
the Whole House being discharged.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I move that the rules be
suspended.
The question was put; and two thirds having
voted in the affirmative, the rules were suspended,
and the Committee of the Whole House discharged
from the further consideration of the joint resolu-
tion.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the engrossment of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The resolution was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read a third time, and passed.
Mr. ETHERIDGE moved that the vote by
which the resolution was passed be reconsidered,
and that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
