1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
COMMUNICATION BETWEEN ALBEMARLE
SOUND AND THE ATLANTIC OCEAN.
Mr. SHAW. I am willing to make a still more
favorable compromise with the House than the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. EtheridgeJ pro-
posed. He asked for twenty minutes time. I
will be satisfied if the House will give me ten.
[Cries of " Agreed !" " Agreed!" " Go on !"]
Mr. SHAW. I desire the unanimous consent
of the House, to enable me to make a motion to
discharge theCommittee of the Whole on the state
of the (Jnion from the further consideration of
Senate bill No. 67. Before submitting that motion,
however, I will,ifthe House will indulge me, make
a very brief explanation.
Early in the last session, this bill came to this
House from the Senate. The object of the bill is
simply to amend the provisions of an act which
passed Congress some two years ago. It makes
no new appropriation. Not a single dollar is
involved. It simply proposes a modification or
change in the phraseology of an act which was
passed two years ago. The bill came from the
Senate, where it was passed without any opposi-
tion whatever. It was referred in this House to
the Committee on Commerce, over which my
friend from Maine [Mr. Fuller] presides with so
much ability. After a thorough investigation upon
the part of that committee, it was reported back to
the House withoutamendment, and with arecom-
mendation that it do pass. It was referred by the
House to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, but took a place so low down
on the Calendar, that it will'be impossible to reach
it in the regular order of business. I ask the
House to permit me to call the bill up, and put it
upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. Is the proposition agreed to?
Mr. M1LLSON. 1 object.
Mr. SHAW. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
The question was taken; and (two thirds voting
in favor thereof) the rules were suspended.
Mr. SHAW. I now move that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the further consideration of Senate
bill No. 67, being an act to amend "An act making
appropriations for the improvement of certain
harbors and rivers," approved August 30, 1852.
The bill was read. It provides that the section
of the act referred to in the above title, which reads,
" For the reopening of a communication between
Albemarle sound, North Carolina, and the Atlantic
ocean, by the construction of a breakwater across
Croatan sound, $50,000," be amended by striking
out the words " by the construction of a break-
water across Croatan sound."
The question was then taken on Mr. Shaw's
motion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. SHAW. I now ask that the bill may be
put upon its passage, and I demand the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. There is an amendment
pending to the bill.
Mr. SHAW. Before I demand the previous
question, I desire to move to strike out the amend-
ment inserted by the Committee on Commerce,
and I take occasion to say that I do it with the full
knowledge and consent of the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Jones,] at whose instance it was
attached to the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I have no objec-
tion to the striking out of the amendment.
The SPEAKER. A vote will have to be taken
on the amendment.
The previous question was then seconded; and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The amendment, reported from the Committee
on Commerce, was then read, as follows:
Sec . 2. -And be it further enacted, Tiiat the act approved
August 30, 1852, entitled " An act making appropriations
for the improvement of certain harbors and rivers," and a
joint resolution approved January 7, 1853, entitled " A res-
olution explanatory of the act appropriating money for the
removal of the raft in Red river," be, and the same are
hereby, so amended and modified as to authorize the Sec-
retary ot War to expend the $100,000 appropriated in the
acts above referred to, either by contracts? or otherwise, in
such manner as he may deem best calculated to improve
the navigation of Red river m the region of said raft: Pro-
vided, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to
authorize any cut-off or diversion of the channel of the
river, wiihout the consent of the adjoining proprietor or
proprietors.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. A provision simi-
lar to that amendment was passed at the last ses-
sion of Congress; and I would, therefore, ask the
unanimous consent of the House to withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The House can vote down
the amendment.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was disagreed to.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read a third time.
Mr. SHAW. I demand the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. SHAW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT MILWAUKIE.
Mr. WELLS. Mr. Speaker, I will not detain
the House more than five minutes. I wish to ask
the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union from the further
consideration of Senate bill No. 550, and I ask
the unanimous consent of the House to make an
explanation in regard to it.
Several Members. What bill is it?
Mr. WELLS. It is an act changing the appro-
priation for the erection of a building in the city
of Milwaukie for custom-house, post office, and
United Slates courts.
The SPEAKER. Perhaps it would be well to
have the bill read for information.
Mr. WELLS. Before it is read, I should like
to make some explanation, and to have a letter
read from the Secretary of the Treasury.
Several Members. Let the bill be read.
The Clerk read the bill, which provides for a
change in the plan for a public building in Mil-
waukie, so as to make it larger than that hereto-
fore proposed, and also to increase the appropria-
tion for the purpose to $88,000.
Mr. WELLS. I will state in explanation of
the bill which has just been read, that there was
appropriated at the last session of Congress
$50,000, for the erection of a building in the city
of Milwaukie, for post office, custom-house, and
the United States courts. An officer has been
sent on to purchase the ground and locate the
building, and to investigate all matters connected
with it. The building specified in the act of last
session was only sixty feet in length, forty-five in
width, and forty-eight in height, which is not as
large as the building now used as a post office,
and if the house is built of that size, it will not
answer the purposes for which it was intended.
Without detaining the House further, I ask for
the reading of an extract of a letter to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury on this subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
" I respectfully recommend that the offer of George D.
Dousman for his lot at the corner of Milwaukie and Wis-
consin streets, measuring one hundred arid tweniy by one
hundred feet, for the sum of $12,200, be accepted. This
lot is central and elevated, and the price is so low that it
would command the sum asked atany moment. The com-
missioners fully concur in this selection.
" 1 beg leave to add that, in my opinion, the building au-
j thonzed to be constructed in this city for custom house
i and oilier purposes*, would be inadequate for the present
| business of the difiVient departments ; the building at pres-
ent occupied for the post office, is eighty-two by thirty two
feet; it does not afford sufficient accommodations for the
business of the office."
Mr. WELLS. I now ask that the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury be read.
The letter was read, as foilows:
Treasury Department, December 21,1854.
Sir : Incompliance with the jesolution of the House of
Representatives of December 18, '£ requesting Ihe Secretary
i of the Treasury to inform the House whether, in his opin-
i ion, the building authorized, by act of ia t session, to be
! erected at Milwaukie for a custom house, post office, and
i court room, is sufficiently large to accommodate properly
those purposes," I have the honor to state that, m the
opinion of this Department, the building so authorized is
insufficient for the prospective business of the city of Mil
waukie, and that it is barely sufficient for the present
business of the post office, the main object to be accommo-
dated in its erection.
I have, therefore, the honor to recommend that, instead
of the brick building authorized at the last session, at an
expense of $00,000, authority be given for the erection of a
stone building, eighty-five by sixty feet, and sixty feet high
from the foundation, thoroughly fire-proof, with floors
constructed of iron beams and brick-work, iron roof, shut-
ters, sills, &c., which, it is estimated, will cost $88,000;
and that, in addition to that amount, ten per centum thereon
be appropriated to cover tbe compensation of architects and
superintendents, and for drawing plans, lithographing the
same, and other contingent expenses.
1 have the honor to be, very respectfully,
JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Linn Boyd, Speaker House of Representatives.
Mr, WELLS. I ask that the bill in question
be taken from the Committee of the Whole on'
the state of the Union and put upon its passage.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up-
and ordered to be read a third time; and being
read a third time, was passed.
Mr. WELLS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table; which,
latter motion was agreed to.
SECRET POLITICAL ASSOCIATION.
Mr. WITTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to enable me to intro-
duce a preamble, and three short resolutions.
[Cries of" Read them !"]
The preamble and resolutions were reported, ay
follows:
Whereas, discussions have been indulged in this House
in Committee of the Wliole which, with otber circum-
stances, lead to the conviction that there exists in this coun-
try an extensive secret oath-bound political association,
which seems intended to interfere with tbe purity of elec-
tion, and the legislation of tbe country, such an association
has excited, the fears, and induced the solemn warning of
Washington m his Farewell Address ^Therefore—
Ilesolvcdy That, in the opinion of this House, tbe exist-
ence of secret oath-bound political associations, having in
view an interference \yith the sanctity of the ballot box anil
tbe direction of the course of national or municipal legis-
lation, is inconsistent with, and dangerous to, tbe institu-
tions of republicanism and directly hostile to the genius of
this Government.
Resolved, That every attempt to proscribe any class of
citizens on account of their religious opinions, or to favor
or injure any religious denomination by national legisla-
tion, is in direct violation of the spirit of the Constitution
of the United States.
Resolved, That while a careful and strict administration,
of the naturalization laws is a solemn duty, vet every inter-
ference with the guarantied rights of naturalized citizens,
is inconsistent with the plighted faith of the nation, and
must diminish its growth and prosperity.
Mr. MACE. I object.
Mr. WITTE. I move a suspension of the rules,,
for the purpose of enabling me to introduce these-
resolutions, and on that motion I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WITTE. I wish that the vote by which'
the motion to suspend the rules may be adopted
or rejected, may be regarded as a test vote on the
resolution.
Mr. FLORENCE and other Members.. Oh £
every one understands that.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I wish to
ask a question of the Chair. Will it now be in
order to have a call of the House? I think all the
members ought to be present when this vote is
taken. I therefore move that there be a call of
the House.
[Cries " Oh! no. " " We are alt here. "J
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask for the yeas-
and nays on my motion for a call of the House-.
That will show the opinions of members on the
matter.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Nobody can make-
tests for the members of the House. This is no
propermatter of legislation, and I shall vote against
the suspension of the rules.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WENTWORTH demanded tellers on the
call for the yeas and nays, but subsequently with-
drew the demand.
Mr. SMITH, ofTennessee. I wish to ask if
it is in order now to move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of going into the Committee of the.
Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. Not while themotion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Witte] is
pending.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am satisfied that,
there will be no good, but some harm done here-
to-day; and I therefore move that this House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was not-
agreed to.
The question on the motion of Mr. Witte was
then taken; and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 103, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Apple-
ton, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Barksdale, Barry, Belcher,
Benton, Bliss, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges,,
Caskie, Chandler, Cliastain, Chnsman, Clark, Craige,
