572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
Curtis, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Edmands,
Edmundson, Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott, Ellison,
English, Farley, Florence, Fuller, Giddings, Green, Green-
wood, Hamilton, Hastings, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard,
Hiester, Hill, Hillver, Ingetsoll, Johnson, Geoige W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland Jones, Kent, Ktdwell,
Kurtz Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, Lindsley, Maedonald, Mc-
Dougall, McMuIlm, McNair, McQueen, Maxwell, May,
Smith Miller, Morrison, Nichols, Noble, Olds, Orr, John
Perkins, Phelps, Richardson, Riddle, Robbing Rowe, Ruf-
fiR, Russell, Seyinom, Shaw, Shower, Simmons, Single-
ton, Samuel A. Smith, George W Smyth, Richatd II.
Stanton, Straub, Andrew Smart, David Stuart, John J.
Taylor, Trout, Tweed, Cphani, Vansant, Walbridge,
Walker, Wdlley, Walsh, Warren, Ellihu B. Washbume,
Wells, John Wentworth, Witte, Daniel B. Wright, and
Hendrick B. Wright—1GJ.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Thomas H. Bayly, Ball, Banks,
Bennett, Benson, Bugg, Carpenter, Carutber:?, Chase,
Chngmnn, Cobb, Cook, Corwm, Disney, Dunham, East-
man, Edgerlon, Ethendge, Everhart, Faulkner, Fenion,
Flagler, Franklin, Goodwin, Grey, Grow, Aliron Harlan,
Andrew J. Harlan, Haven, Houston, Howo, Hunt, Daniel
T.Jones, Kerr, Knox, Latham, Lmdley, Lyon, McCul-
loch, Mace, Matteson, Mayail, Middle^wanh, MiIImmi,
Morgan, Murray, Andrew Oliver, M« rdecai Oliver, Par-
ker, Peckham, Pennington, Plnlhps? Pratt, Pruigle, Pur-
year, Ready, Reese, David Ritchie, Thomas Kitohey,
Rogers, S.ilnu, Sa[ie, Supp, Seward, Shannon, Slu-lton,
Boilers, Frederick P. Stanton, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel
G. Taylor. Teller, Thurston, Tracy, Wade, Wheeler,
Yates, and Zolhcofter—7(3.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules of the House were not suspended.
Pending the announcement of the vote,
Mr. SOLLERS asked to have the resolutions
again read.
[Cries of "Object!"]
The SPEAKER, ft is not strictly in order
while the vote ia being taken, objection being
made.
Mr. CORWIN. Is it proposed to make this a
test vote on the resolutions?
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows nothing
about that.
Mr. CORWIN. Do my brethren around here
suppose this to be a test vote?
Several Members. Oh no.
Mr. CORWIN. If so, I vote no.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I was called out of my seat
on business, and was not within the bar when my
name-was called. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to my voting.
Several Membcrs. I object.
Mr. LANCASTER. I would inquire from the
Chair whether Delegates can be permitted to vote
on resolutions of this character?
The SPEAKER. Delegates are not entitled to
vote.
Mr. LEWIS. I wasnot within thebarwhen my
name was called, but I suppose that it is compe-
tent for me to ask the unanimous consent of the
House to record my vote.
Mr. KEITT. Unless the gentleman from Ohio
be allowed to vote I will object.
Mr. LEWIS. Then, I will say that if I were
permitted to give my vote, I stiould have voted in
the negative.
Mr. CULLOM. If 1 had been within the bar
•when my name was called, I should have voted in
the negative.
THE COLT INVESTIGATION.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. My question of privilege is, to call up the
report of the special committee on the Colt patent
investigation, which was presented to the House
some time ago.
Several Members addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Letcher] insists on his question of privilege
before the House, which takes precedence of all
other subjects.
Mr. LETCHER. As the organ of the com-
mittee, charged with the investigation of certain
alleged abuses, I have endeavored for some ttme
past to obtain the floor, for the purpose of calling
attention to the report which I had the honor to
present to theHouse.andof requesting immediate
action on the points therein referred to. The
questions raised by this report for the considera-
tion of the members, are questions of the utmost
importance, and upon their proper decision de-
pends the efficiency and usefulness of committees
of investigation. If the House has not the power
to compel the attendance of witnesses before com-
mittees, organized and authorized by its own ac-
tion, or if witnesses, when before thecommittees,
have the right to answer, or refuse to answer,
only as whim or caprice shall dictate, the fact
should be known to the country, and the sooner
it is known the better. Unless the House possess
the power, it is useless to raise committees, and
invest them with aufthority to send for persons and
papers, and to examine witnesses on oath. It is
a waste of time, and imposes an expense Chat
cannot be met by any corresponding advantage,
either to the House, or to the country.
The first resolution 1 present for the action of
the House is in these words:
Resolved, 'I'llat the Speaker be directed to revoke the
privilege under which W. B. Chase occupies a reporter's
desk on the iloor, and that the said Cha&e be expelled from
the Hail.
I apprehend there will be no difference of opinion
in regard to the propriety of the adoption of this
resolution. This individual, occupying as he does
a reporter's desk upon the floor, by permission
of the Speaker, under a rule of this House, is so
far under th^ action of this body, that his con-
duct, both official and personal, ia entitled to its
notice. If his conduct, either from a refusal to
appear before a committee, and to testify, or from
any other cause, has been such us to excite the dis-
trust or dissatisfaction of this House, he is liable
to be deprived of any of the privileges which
may have been extended to him under ifs rules.
They have the undoubted right to expel him from
the desk which he has occupied, either for ft
limited time, or for the residue of this Congress,
as to them shall seem best.
During the last session this witness appeared,
in obedience to the summons of the Speaker, and
when under examination he made the following
statement, to which I invite the attention of the
members of this House:
"I have reason to behove,and in a few days shall possi-
bly know positively, that votet- were made for the Nebraska
lull id consequence of a contract to build one of ihe six
steam liiuatess being tfiven to George Steeis, ot* New York.
That is all I can t-ay at present. J cannot give the names
yet without occasioning trouble to parties who art; not
interefted. The pernon from whom I got my infounation
is not here. I do not know positively where he is."
This statement contains a serious imputation
upon members of this House who voted lor the
Nebraska bill. It charges, m distinct and explicit
terms, that the patronage growing out of the bill
which authorized theconstruction of the six steam-
ers was so used as to influence, if not control, the
votes of members of the House of Representatives.
The witness at that time declined to furnish the
facts upon which his opinion rested, and assigned
as his reason for withholding those facts, that he
wished 4< to further the investigations' rather " than
to retard it." There the matter rested until the
present session; and, although he had stated under
oath that he desired but "a few days" to ascer-
tain il positively" whether those facts were well
founded, yet, after an interval of five months, he
declines to appear before thecommittee, and to lay
before them those evidences that had so far satis*
fied his mind as to justify him in casting these
[ imputations upon members of this body.
| When this witness was summoned at the last
! session to appear before the committee, he made
i no objection. So far from it, he appeared m obe-
i dience to the summons, responded to numerous
j questions, and expressed a willingness to further
i the investigation with which the committee had
]> been charged by the House. At this session, a
! new light seems to have broken m upon his mind,
j and now, for the first time, he questions the right
\ of the House to compel his attendance before the
| committee, and to rrquire hirn to disclose facts
| withm his own knowledge, affecting the conduct
of members in connection with bills that now are,
and have been, pending before Congress. Why
is this? What excuse or apology does he offer
for it? Why did he not take this stand m the
first instance ? Why recognize the authority then
and repudiate it now? if he has ascertained that
imputations then cast by him upon members of
the House were unfounded, ought he not to have
been prompt to avail himself of the first oppor-
tunity that presented itself to retract them ? If, on
the other hand, he has satisfied himself that they
were well founded, was he not bound by every
consideration of personal honor and every obh
gation of duty, to corne before us, and present all
the facts, within his knowledge, that were likely
" to further the investigation ?" He had solemnly
assured us that tins was his object, and if that
assurance was sincerely given, how can his sub-
sequent extraordinary conduct be accounted for ?
These are pertinent inquiries, and they are enti-
tled to the calm and serious consideration of the
members, called upon, as they now are, to pass
upon his conduct.
But, sir, took for a moment to the position he
occupies towards this body. At this moment he
is in the daily enjoyment of a seat at a reporter &
desk, under one of the rules of the House, and is
thus furnished with the opportunity of mixing
with the members upon the floor while the body
is employed in the transaction ofits daily business.
He does not hesitate to improve this opportunity.
1 have seen him, and doubtless others have seen
him, passing back and forth through the Hall,
and occasionally occupying a chair, and all this,
too, when the records of the House are stamped
with his admission, made under oath, that he is
an agent, regularly employed, to aid in securing
the passage of bills now upon the Calendar ana
awaiting the action of the people's Representa-
tives.
During his examination at the last session, the
following questions were propounded to him, and
the following answers given by him, as then re-
corded:
(Ittesfion. Do you expect to receive a compensation of
any kind, either directly or indirectly, for your services is
bchalfor Colt's patent extension?
" Answer. I do.
" Question, is that compensation to be certain or con-
tingent?
Jjniwer. I should expect it to be certain."
The bill for the extension of Colt's patent now
stands at the head of the Calendar, and yet re-
mains to be acted upon by the House.
While this individual is in the enjoyment of
this privilege—while he is furnished with a seat
upon the floor—he undertakes to obstruct the
action of one of the committees of this House,
and to defeat the object the House had in view in
organizing the committee. What is that object?
Nothing more nor less than to ascertain what
means are used to influence legislation, and how
it is that he and other lobby agents, who are re-
tained and paid, secure the success of measures,
in which their employers are so deeply interested.
The fact that men are employed to aid the pas-
sage, or defeat of bills, is of itself calculated to
excite suspicion—to attract public attention—and
to affect, moreorless injuriously, the characterand
standing of Congress. We know that the lobby
musters strong, and that they live by means of fees,
paid, or secured to be paid, for present or pros-
pective services. From the number around the
Halls of Congress, the business, doubtless, pays
well, for they all-(so far as I know them) look
like they fared sumptuously every day, and were
enjoying a high degree of prosperity.
This class of men, either have considerable in-
fluence with the House, or they make such rep-
resentations as to induce claimants to believe that
they can serve them advantageously. The peo-
ple ought to be in possession of the means they
employ, so that those who contribute the money
to foot the bills that annually pass Congress, may
judge of the fairness of those means, and the
1 propriety of their use. Persons occupying the
position of Mr. Chase can furnish this informa-
tion, if they choose to do so; and I think it is
the duty of the House to require them to make
the disclosure.
How do these persons secure seats at the re-
porters' desks, upon this floor ? The 19th rule of
the House prescribes the terms under which this
privilege is granted. That rule is in these words:
" \To person shall be allowed the privilege of the Hall
under the character.of stenographer, without a written per-
mi-Hon Ironi the Speaker, i-pecifying the part of the Hall
assigned to him; and no reporter or stenographer shall be
admitted, under the rules of the Jlonse, unless «*ueh reporter
or stenographer shall state, in writing, tor what paper or
pap. r.s he i-> employed to report—March 1, 3838. And no
peison shall be admitted, under the rules of the House, as
a reporter or stenographer for any paper or papers, u-U
shall be employed as an a sent to prosecutcany claim pending
j before Con resi; and the Speaker shall mve his written
! permission with this condition, and not m<" re than one re-
1 porter or stenographer bhall be assigned the same seat.—
j December lli,
i Such are the terms of the rule under which this
; individual has obtained the privilege he now en-
j joys. JNfo claim agent is entitled to this privilege,
i On the contrary, they are expressly excluded,
; under the latter clause of the rule which was
! adopted in 1852. In the administration of the
| rule, the Speaker has required of those who are
I applicants for these privileged seats, that they
I should state for what papers they report, and that
