1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
573
they were not agents for the prosecution of
claims pending before Congress. This was the
Speaker's duty, and it has been faithfully dis-
charged.
When Chase applied, what assurance did he
give the Speaker ? After stating that he was the
" correspondent for the Georgia Telegraph, and
Louisville Democrat, and Vicksburg Sentinel,"
he says, " I am not interested in any claims before
Congress or the Departments." Was this statement
true? Had he not solemnly sworn before the com-
mittee; and is it not now a matter of record that
he was interested in the success of Colt's claim
for an extension of his patent.' Is not the infer-
ence perfectly legitimate from his refusal to appear
at this session, that he is still interested in that
bill? I confess, I do not see how the conclusion
is to be avoided.
Some of these agents, I understand, seek to
escape"from the dilemma in which they are in-
volved, by the miserable subterfuge that the rule
of the House relates only to claims which require
direct appropriations of money from the Treas-
ury! It is sufficient to say, in reply to this view
of the case, that if Congress had so designed, they
doubtless would have expressed it in terms. It
would not have been left to inference. When that
rule was adopted, it was well understood that the
claims pending, as well as those that would be
before Congress, were of various kinds. We had
pecuniary claims, patent claims, last, but by no
means least in importance, claims for lands for
railroad, canal, and other objects, and, so far as
we have information, the last named class of cases
pay much better, than either of the others. The
lands are looked to as the best sources of specula-
tion and profit; and hence it is that we find such a
number of these applications for railroads. Can
it be supposed that the rule which I have quoted,
was not intended to embrace those who were
employed as agents to advance such important
measures—measures that secure princely fortunes
to the corporators named in the charters? It can-
not be. The rule must have been intended to
embrace all cases where the money, the lands, or
the property of the Federal Government, or the
interests of the people, were involved. The rule
was intended to apply to all cases and applica-
tions before Congress where the private interests
of individuals were brought into conflict with the
public interest. The object was to secure free and
unbiased legislation on the part of the people's
Representatives, and to remove all influence which
might be employed for the advancement of private
interests at the expense of the more important
interests of the great body of the people. Such is
my own view of the rule, and the reason and
necessity for it.
I now leave this branch of the subject, and
proceed to another of not less importance. The
resolution I am about to read proposes my remedy
for the refusal on the part of this witness to ap-
pear before the committee and testify. That res-
olution is m these words:
Resolved, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant directed
to the Ser?eanl-at-Arms attending tills House, command-
ing lnm to take into custody, Wherever to bo found, the
body of W. ['. Chase, and the same in his custodv to keep,
subject to the fuither order and dnection ol this House.
For the purpose of sustaining the second posi-
tion I take, and showing that this resolution should
be adopted, I shall, Mr. Speaker, do little more
than rely upon precedents which I have searched
for and found in the past action of this body, and
then, in enforcement of my views, quote the de-
cision of the Supreme Court of the United States,
and the opinions of some of the finest legal minds
ever known in this country.
I find, sir, as far back as 1795, thatth.e question
in regard to the powers of the House to protect
itself from attempts to influence its legislation, was
the subject of consideration and discussion. That
was a case of this kind: Information was given
by Messrs. Smith, of South Carolina, Maurey, of
Maryland, and Giles, of Virginia, that a person
by the name of Robert Randall, had tnade or com-
municated to them, respectively, certain overtures
to obtain their several support in this House to a
memorial to be presented by the said Robert Ran-
dall, on behalf of himself and others, for the grant
of a tract of land, containing eighteen or twenty
millions of acres, bordering on Lakes Erie, Michi-
gan, and Huron, and lying within the limits of the
United States, far which support the said mem-'
bers, respectively, were promised to receive of the
said Robert Randall, and his associates, a con-
sideration or emolument of lands or money; and
this House regarding the said information as a
sufficient evidence of a contempt to, and a breach
of, the privileges of this House, in an unwarrant-
able attempt to corrupt the integrity of its mem-
bers:
" Resolved, That, Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant di-
rected to the Sergeaat-at-Arms attending this House, com-
manding him to idke into custody, wherever to be found,
the boay of tiie said Robert Randall, and the same in liis
custody to keep, subject to the order and direction of the
House."
I beg leave to call the attention of the House to
some of the names of those wfeo figured in Con-
gress at that time, men, I imagine, who under-
stood the rights of this House, and the powers of
this House, as well, perhaps, as any who have suc-
ceeded them. I find, sir, there were Messrs. Smith,
of South Carolina, Findley, of Pennsylvania,
Albert Gallatin, Giles, of Virginia, Robert Goodioe
Harper, of Maryland, Andrew Moore, who then
represented my own district, a gentleman of talent,
character, and experience, Francis Preston, of Vir-
ginia, Samuel Smith, of Maryland, and various
other gentlemen of equal distinction and character,
experience and influence then m Congress. This
action was taken by them, and it was decided
that Robert Randall had been guilty of the con-
tempt charged by a vote of seventy-eight to seven-
teen, and all whose names I have enumerated,
voted in the affirmative.
The second precedent is the case of John An-
derson, who had made a proposition to honorable
Lewis Williams, of North Carolina, for the pur-
pose of procuring his aid and services in the
passage of certain claims in which Anderson was
interested, and which were before the Committee
of Claims, of which Mr. Williams was the chair-
man. He proposed to pay Williams $500 for
his services. Williams reported the facts to the
House, and upon those facts being reported, a
resolution, which I have taken as a model for the
one which 1 have presented ta the House, was
adopted. It was this:
" Resolved, unanimoiidy, That Mr"! Speaker do issue his
warrant, dnected lo the rierg«a!it-dt Anns attending tins
House, commanding him to uk« into cusiody. wherever to
be found, the body of John Anderson, and the same in his
custody to keep, subject to the lurther order and directum
ol' this Iloufee."
The House will see, that excepting the name,
the resolution and the one I now present are
identical.
Now, sir, I imagine if, in 1795, and up to 1816,
those who figured here as members of this body—
many of them the most distinguished lights of the
land, remarkable alike for their talents, character,
and sound principles—came to the conclusion that
the House had the power and the right to protect
itself against all attempts to influence its legisla-
tion, there can be no great difficulty in the present
House coming to the same wise conclusion.
After John Anderson was arrested and brought
into the House, detained in custody until the close
of the session of Congress, and then discharged,
he brought a suit against the Sergeant-at-Arms,
Mr. Dunn, who had arrested him in the city of
Washington, by virtue of the Speaker's warrant.
That suit was subsequently prosecuted to judg-
ment, and decided ni favor of Mr. Dunn. It after-
wards was carried, by appeal, to the Supreme
Court of the United States; and a final decision
rendered, affirming the judgment of the court
below.
The case is reported in the Condensed Reports
of the Supreme Court of theUnited States, vol. v.,
p. 66. 1 read the note of the case, and ask for it
the attention of the House:
" To an action of trespass against the Sergeant-at-Arms
of the Ilou&e of Rfprcscntativcs of the United States, for
an as-sault and hatteiy and i'aUe imprisonment, it is a legal
justification and bar to plead that Corigiess was held and ;
sitting during the period ot the trespasses complained of, j
and that the House of Representatives had resolved that '
the plaintiff had been guilty of a breach of the privilege? !
of the House, and of a high contempt of the dignity and ;
authority of the same ; and had ordered that the Speaker j
should issue his warrant to the Sergeant-at-Arms command- \
ing him to take the plaintiff into custody, wherever to be ;
found, and to have him before the said House, to answer to i
the said charge; and that the Speaker did accordingly issue '
such a warrant, reciting the said resolution and order, and I
commanding the Sergeant-at-Arms to takethe plaintiff into 1
custody, &c., and delivered the said warrant to the defend- t
ant j by virtue of which warrant the defendant arrested j
the plaintiff, and conveyed htm to the bar of the House, !
where he was heard in hi* defense touching the matter of 1
the said chaige; and the examination being adjourned from
day to day, and the House having ordered the plaintiff to
be detained in custody, he was accordingly detained by the
defendant, until he was finally adjudged to be guilty, and
convicted of the charge aforesaid, and ordered to be forth-
with brought to the bar and reprimanded by the Speaker,'
and then discharged from custody; and after being thus rep-
rimanded, was actually discharged from the arrest and
custody aforesaid."
That is the statement, the note of the case. Let
me now read one or two passages from the de-
cision of the Supreme Court, which seems to have
been unanimous. The opinion was delivered by
Judge Johnson:
"That the safety of the people is a supreme law, &c.;
not only com porta with, but is indispensable to, the exercise
of those powers in the public functionaries without which
that safety cannot be guarded. On this principle it is that
courts of justice are universally acknowledged to be vested)
by their very creation, with power to impose silence, re-
spect, and decorum in their presence, and submission to
their lawful mandates, and as a corollary to this proposi-
tion, to preserve themselves and their officers from the ap-
proach and insults of pollution.
cc It is true that the courts of justice of the United States
are vested, by express statute provision, with power to fine
and imprison for contempts; but it does not follow, from
this circumstance, that they would not have exercised that
power without the aid of the statute, or not, in eases, if
such should occur, to which such statute provision may
not extend; on the contrary, it is a legislative assertion
of this right, as incidental to a grant of judicial power, and
can only be considered either as an instance of abundant
caution, or a legislative declaration, that the power of
punishing for contempt shall not extend beyond its known
and acknowledged limits of fine and imprisonment."
Prom the same decision I present another quo-
tation bearing upon the issue directly:
" But what is the alternative ? The argument obviously
leads to the total annihilation of the power of the House of
Represents ves to guard itself from contempts, and leaves
it exposed to every indignity and interruption that rudeness,
capiice, or even conspiracy, may meditate against it. Thia
result is fraught with too much absurdity not to bring into
doubt the soundness of any argument from which it is
derived. That a deliberative assembly, clothed with the
majesty of the people, and charged with the care of all
that is dear to them; composed of the most distinguished
citizens, selected and drawn together from every quarter
of a great Nation; whose deliberations are required by
public opinion to be conducted under the eye of the public,
and whose decisions must be clothed with all that sanctity
which unlimited confidence in theirwisdom and purity can
inspire; that such an assembly should not possess the
power to suppress rudeness, or repel insult, is a supposition
too wild to be suggested."
TJiese views, thus forcibly and handsomely
expressed, are entitled to consideration, and ought
to make an impression upon the minds of the
members of this body.
One other quotation from this lucid and well
reasoned decision of the highest judicial tribunal
in our own country, as to the extent of the pun-
ishing power:
" The present question is, what is the extent of the pun-
ishing power, which the deliberative assemblies of the
Union may assume and exercise on the principle of self-
preservation? Analogy and the nature of the case furnish
the answer—the least possible power adequate to the end
1 proposed ; which is tbe power of imprisonment. It may,
at first view, and from the history of the practice of our
legislative bodies, be thought to extend toother inflictions.
But every other will be found to be mere commutation for
confinement; since commitment alone is the alternative
where the individual proves contumacious. And even to
the duration of imprisonment a period is imposed by the
nature of things, since the existence of the power that im-
prisons i? indispensable to its continuance; and although
the legislative power continues perpetual, the legislative
body ceases to exist on the moment of its adjournment or
periodical dissolution. It follows that imprisonment must
terminate with that adjournment."
This decision harmonizes with my own views,
and 1 maintain that itis sound law, and entitled to
the highest respect.
But, sir>jit seems to me that it does not exactly
harmonize with the opinions which my colleague
[Mr. Bayly] announced here the last time this
question was before the House. If I understood
him correctly, he then insisted that no decision
could be produced where it could be shown that
any one, not a member of this House, had ever been
made the subject of such action on the part of this
body as I had proposed.
But there are other cases beside the two to.
which I have referred. I will refer to one of them
now, showing that, even in latter times, this House
undertook to arrest a party for an assault upon
one of its own members. The assault was made
on Pennsylvania avenue. The party was brought
here, tried, and reprimanded by the Speaker of the
House. Here, then, are three cases, in all of
which the power was claimed and exercised. AH
these cases go to show that the House has the
power, and it has, on varicms occasions, exercised
that power. It has arrested individuals by its-
