674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
officers, has kept them in confinement, brought
them here, and, after final trial, has pronounced
judgment on them, and executed that judgment.
If the House do not acton the matter it cannot
be said hereafter that the committee have been
negligent and derelict in its duty, as was said by
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Edgerton] on Sat-
urday.
Mr. DUNHAM. With the gentleman's per-
mission i will put a single inquiry to him.
Mr. LETCHER. Go on.
Mr. DUNHAM. While we may have no
doubt as to the right of the House to bring a
witness to the bar of the House for examination
in a case, does the gentlemanhold that that power
can be delegated outside of the House?
Mr. LETCHER. There was a committee
raised in this case just as the present committee
was raised. It was an attempt to corrupt mem-
bersj a private transaction between members and
this individual at the members* rooms.
Mr. DUNHAM. The gentleman does not ap-
prehend my question. It is this: Does the gen-
tleman find any authority by which the House
have ever punished for contempt in disobedience
of an order to appear, not before the House itself,
but before one of its committees? I apprehend
the gentleman will find no such case.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman does not
seem to understand the matter. How came this
committee to be organized? Was it not by the
order of the House? and was not that committee
clothed with these powers by that order in ex-
press words? It is matter of record; and when
this witness was summoned to appear it was not
by order of the committee, but by you, Mr.
Speaker, as the representative of this House. You
issued the mandate to the Sergeant-at-Arms which
was served by that officer of the House. So far
as we (the committee) were concerned, we did
not undertake to bring anybody before us. We
reported the names to the Speaker, who had the
power to issue the summons, and, through the
Sergeant-at-Arms, the parties were notified to
appear. The committee had no power to issue a
summons, nor had they an officer to execute it.
The summons could only be issued by the Speaker, j
directed by him to the Sergeant-at-Arms, and by j
the latter executed upon the person whom the ;
committee desired to examine. At the last ses- |
aion, all the witnesses summoned appeared, and j
never, until this session, was there a refusal on j
Che part of any witness summoned to appear be- \
Jfore us. j
But I now proceed to cite other authorities in !
eupport of my position. Chancellor Kent, one of j
the most brilliant and distinguished of the men
who have illustrated the annals of American juris-
prudence, remarkable alike for thp clearness and
strength of his intellect, his varied and extensive
legal learning, and his sound practical judgment,
thus expresses his views upon the question, in
the first volume of his Commentaries, page 235:
" There is no power expressly given to either House of
Congress to punish for contempts, except when eoinuniieU
by their own members : but, in the case of jimlerton, who
was committed by order of the House of Representative*
for a contempt of the House, and taken into custody by the
Sergeant-at-Arms, au action of trespass was brouglitapain^t
the officer, and the question of the power of the House to
commit for a contempt, was carried by writ of error to the j
Supreme Court of the United States. The Court decided j
that the House had that power, and that it was an implied I
power, and of vital importance to the safety, character, arid 1
dignity of the House. The nece-^ity of as existence and j
exercise was founded on the principleof self-preservation ; <
and the power to punish extend? no further than imprison ,
ment, and that will continue no longer than the duration of !
the power that imprisons. The imprisonment will terrain- ■
ate with the adjournment or dissolution of Congress." j
Chancellor Kent makes the following note, j
referring to the commentaries of the learned Judge ,
Story: i
" The deehion of the Supreme Court, in theca«e of Jin- !
derson, is accompanied with a course of reasoning winch
would seem to be sufficient to place the autfinmy of either . j
Ilou-se of Oonsreb.H to punish contempt'- and breaohe- of :
privileges on the most solid foundation, independent of the j
absolute authority of the decision. The con-mutional ex- j
ercise of the same power by each House of Parliament, haj i
been repeatedly vindicated in Westminster Hull m the jikM |
-masterly manner. (Lord Chancellor I. De Grey, m Rex w. (
Crosby, 3 VViils's Reports, 188 ; Lord Ellenborough, in Dm- '!
dett t>s. Abbott, 14 East's Reports.) It is a power inherent ;j
in all legislative assemblies, and is essential to enable them i j
to execute their great trusts with freedom and saiety ; and
it has been frequently exerci&ed, not only in Congress, but ,|
by the respective branches of the State Legislatures, and 'j
may be considered as indisputably acknowledged and set- j.
tied," 11
Such are the opinions of these distinguished
jurists upon this important question, and they
concur fully in the opinion of the Supreme Court.
Now, it does seem to me that if precedent and
authority can settle anything, the cases which I
have cited establish the fact that this House has
the poioer to protect itself; and the practice of the
House, it seems to me, (if there were nothing
else,) would make that conclusion irresistible.
How long has it been since this House has com-
menced raising committees of in vestigation ? Have
they not been in the uniform habit of organizing
them from the very foundation of the Government
to the present day? and have they not always
been invested with the power to send for persons
and papers, and to examine witnesses under oath ?
Session after session this has been done. Yet,
according to my colleague, [Mr. Bayly,] commit-
tees organized by this House to take testimony
cannot have the power—because the House itself
has not the power—to compel the attendance of
witnesses and require them to testify !
Well, now, sir, can this be so? Here is the uni-
form practice of the Government for more than
half a century, and during all that time the power
to raise such committees has been claimed, and
exercised by all political parties. I have cited the
only case which has gone before the courts for
judicial decision, and that case goes directly to
establish the position 1 maintain. In support of
this decision I produce the opinions of Chancellor
Kent and Justice Story, all going to establish the
doctrine for which 1 contend. And in addition to
these, I bring forward the practice of the House,
as shown in the cases of Randall, and Whitney,
and Anderson. I am at a loss to know how a case
could be more strongly sustained, both by prac-
tice and authority.
Mr Speaker, i have now brought this matter
to the attention of the House. I have presented \
two propositions here for the consideration of the I
members of this body. Whatever action the |
House may see fit to take in reference to them, ]
will give me no dissatisfaction, even if that action
shall be m opposition to the views which I have
expressed. But, sir, I desire, and the committee
desire, that some action shall be taken. I desire
that it may be settled—that the country may know j
whether it is worth while, in future, to organize 1
committees of investigation—to authorize them to j
send lor persons and papers—and to examine wit- |
nesses upon oath. 1 desire to ascertain whether j
this House has the right to compel the attendance j
of witnesses, and lequire them to testify. If it ,
has not, then we may as well dismiss this matter '
at once, and we may ad well give up all attempts
to make investigations in futuie of any matter in !
which the House may be interested. So far as !
we are concerned, we cannot move one inch until
this matter is disposed of by the House, and
whether we can progress with the investigation
then, depends upon the decision that shall now be
made.
And, air, this ia not the only case which has
occurred. We have summoned others, and one
other, at least, has refused to appear before our
committee since this report was made, and others j
who have answered a portion of the questions j
propounded to them, have refused to answer
others. We cannot get along in this way, and-I
ask, most respectfully, that the House will decide
the question one way or the other. We a&k that i
we may either be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the matter, or that the House will
take such action as will enable us to proceed with
the investigation.
Mr. BAYLY. As my colleague has taken
especial pains to refer to the few remarks that i j
made upon this subject when it was before the s
House the other day, I desire to reply to him; |
but, as there is another matter in which 1 take a j
much deeper interest just now, I desire to ascet- j
tain from the Speaker whether X can get at the
joint resolution in reference to General Scott. If '
i can, 1 shall move to suspend the rules for that :
purpose, still retaining the floor upon this question !
when it shall again come up. j
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope there will be no j
objection to the vote being now taken upon the 1
matter pending. It can be disposed of in a few ,
minutes. !
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the House will dia- j
pose of it in one way or the other. j
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the !
motion the gentleman from Virginia proposes to
submit, cannot supersede the question now pend-
ing, which is a question ofprivilege. And the Chair
will further state that, if it were in order to move
to suspend the rules, the gentleman from South
Carolina would be entitled to the floor. It was
awarded to him, and taken from him by the gen-
tleman from Virginia to bring up his question of
privilege.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the special
committee which has had this matter in charge
be discharged from its further consideration.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia has not the floor to submit that motion.
Mr. BAYLY. I hope my friend from Califor-
nia, and the committee, will allow me to make a few
brief remarks. I will not detain them long. Mr.
Speaker, I had no purpose of having anything to
do with the discussion of this matter whatever. I
thought the other day that my colleague pro-
pounded some propositions to the House that
would not bear scrutiny and I therefore, made
some reply to them. I should not now recur to
the subject, but for the frequent allusions my col-
league has made to roe.
1 shall not attempt to review the authorities
quoted by my colleague, because it would be
unfair to turn his own authorities upon him; and
yet it is most clear that they are against him.
Now, then, let us look at the matter briefly, be-
cause I am not going elaborately into the matter.
What does my colleague, as a States-right man
and a strict constructionist, say to this proposition:
That the Congress of the United States, and still
less, if possible, the House alone, has no authority
which is not delegated, or which is not necessary
and proper to carry into effect the powers which
are delegated to it? He will hardly dispute that
proposition. I think he will hardly dissent from it.
Now, sir, where has this House any criminal
| jurisdiction ? Where do you find that in the Con-
j Ntitution of the United States, except in the case
| of the impeachment of public officers ? And then
| they have not the power to try; to speak tech-
i nically, they can only find an indictment. The
I Senate tries. Suppose you undertake to try and
) convict, what is your authority to punish? Where
I is your jail to put the man in? What are you to
| do with him, and where is your authority to in-
llict a fine? Yet fine and imprisonment is, in this
! country, the universal penalty for contempt. That
| is a practical teat. Why, sir, the thing evaporates
, in mist the moment you come to put the matter
| to a practical test. This is what the House has
I a right to do, and it is all that the decision which
j my colleague has read establishes—you have a
! right to preserve order, you have a right to an
! uninterrupted deliberation with respect to public-
; questions. The decisions which my colleague
, has read establish nothing more. The whole
thing resolves itself into a right to keep order.
Mr. LEI CHER. Will my colleague allowme
to put a question to him just at this point >
Mr. BAYLY. Certainly.
Mr. LETCHER. He says that the House
has power to preserve order, and that it can arrest
a man for not keeping order. Let me ask my
colleague what they would do with such a man,
when they did arrest him? [A laugh.]
Mr. BAYLY. Weil, I will tell you what they
would do wuh him. They would not send him
( Jo jail. They would send him out of the Hall.
| The Sergeant-at-Arms would carry him away.
, That is what they would do, and that is all they
i could do. Suppose a man came into this Hall
j and struck my colleague on the head, we would
i first have him taken out for a breach of order and
. then he would be taken before the civil tribunals
for assault and battery. That is what I hold to
be the law upon the subject. We have a right to
; preserve order. By the Constitution, each House
; has a right to prescribe its own rules of order.
Tin * ve a, t0 have a man removed from this
| Hall for a breach of ordei; and if, in his disturb-
; ance of oider, he has committed a criminal offense,
„ he must be tried before a civil tribunal, like any
I other person commiffingan offense elsewhere.
j I repeat that this House has no criminal juris-
diction, and if it, has, 1 want to see how you will
carry it out. Suppose a malignant man should
(>ome in here, and shoot down a member, could
you try him? You would have him removed as
a disorderly person, and then carried before a
justice of the peace, and then before a grand jury,
