1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
575
and tried, at last, by a jury of his peers. That
this House has no criminal jurisdiction, has no
right to punish, has no right to do anything but
to preserve order, so that its deliberations shall
not be interrupted, is to me as clear a principle of
civil liberty as any that ever occurred to my mind.
If we can try and punish for crime, where is the
right of trial by jury? In his clear and lucid
judgment, Judge Johnson—who I undertake to
say here was one of the most clear-headed jurists
that ever sat upon the bench of the Supreme Court
of the United States—in that very decision, puts
it, in substance, upon the ground of the right of
the House to act without interruption of its delib-
erations, to have order preserved, and that is all
there is in the case.
Now, as to this gentleman, Mr. Chase, I have
nothing to do with him. I do not care what the
House may do to him, so far as he is individually
concerned. But I do not wish to see this House
undertake anything that they cannot carry
through. I am told that he is a reporter here. 1
do not know whether that is so or not. I do not
know anything about it. If he be a reporter and
has come into this Hall and bothered members by
corrupt propositions, or by unnecessary and ha-
rassing importunities, without any corrupt prop-
ositions, I think that it would be a very proper
thing to revoke the privilege which the Speaker
has granted him. I think, however, it would be
much better that, if the Speaker thinks the occa-
sion calls for it, he should do it, than that we
should dignify the transaction by passing a solemn
resolution m regard to it.
Mr. Speaker, I have not sought an opportunity
to speak upon this occasion, but I do it with pride,
for I believe that I am the only member of this
House who is at present under an accusation that
affects his personal honor. Yet 1 do not shrink
from the duty I feel it to speak upon this occa-
sion. Nor am I deterred because many persons
might have supposed that, for that very reason, 1
ought to be silent. But 1 am not afraid to speak
on it in the presence of the Representatives of the
American people. If there is any accusation
against any individual member, if any specific
charge is brought against any individual member,
if, for instance, anybody comes here and says that
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Kerr,
who was sitting near Mr. B.] has been tampered
with, then the House has a right, for the protec-
tion of its own dignity, and its own character, to
investigate his conduct, and expel, and disgrace
him if the charge is well founded. A specific charge
need not first be made, but some individual must
be designated as suspected, and then an investiga-
tion is proper. But, sir, I loathe, I contemn, I de-
test this sort of fishing investigation, when nothing
is alleged against any member of this House, but
a general accusation is made, and a committee
raised to see if something cannot be found out pre-
judicial to the reputation of some member of the
body to which we ail ought to be proud to belong.
But God knows I would not remain in it a day if
I believed one half of what my colleague sus-
pects.
The idea of the law is this—and without having
recently read any of these cases, I can state it, I
think, with absolute confidence—we have aright
to keep order, we have a right to take disorderly
persons out of this House; but if they, in their
disorder, commit a criminal offense, they ought to
be tried before a civil magistrate.
Whenever there is a proceeding taken against
any individual member of the House, the whole
of your authority is exhausted when you purge
the body of the member who is a disgrace to it.
Every legislative body has a right to preserve its
purity; and if it finds in the flock a black sheep, it
has a right to drive it out of the flock. But as to
the infliction of any punishment—as to any right
other than that belonging to every legislative
assembly to protect itself from pollution, that I
deny. You have no criminal jurisdiction except
in the case I have referred to. And it is a strange
thing that gentlemen who hold to a strict construc-
tion of the Constitution should come before this
body and maintain that we possess any authority
in this respect, other than that to keep order. I
revert to what I have said to my colleague, [Mr.
Letcher.] Where is your mode of punishment?
Where is your jail ? Where is your power to find
anoflender? What are you to do with him? How
are you to work it out?
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to answer the in-
quiries of my colleague, if he will permit me.
Mr. BAYLY. With great pleasure.
Mr. MILLSON. As this ease involves a ques-
tion as to the extent of the power of the House,
and may hereafter be drawn into precedent, 1
desire to address an inquiry to my colleague,
which I would like him to answer. Let me take
the case to which he has just referred—his own
case. Now, to be sure, my colleague has not,
and need not have, any more apprehension than I
myself feel, that there will be anything resulting
from the investigation now carried on before that
select committe'e which can, in the slightest degree,
implicate his character, or affect his standing
before this body and the country. I am sure he
is, and has just reason to be, perfectly at ease
upon the subject. But suppose a malignant wit-
ness should appear before that committee, and
endeavor to impeach his character, and that it was
in the power of my colleague to prove by many
other witnesses that this accusation was utterly
untrue, I ask my colleague if he does not think it
is his right, and the right of the House of which
he is a member, to compel the attendance before
the committee of those witnesses who might ex-
culpate him from the charge? My colleague has
alluded to the power given by the Constitution to
the Senate, to try an impeachment; and, I pre-
sume, he will not deny that the Senate may com-
pel the attendance of witnesses before it, from any
part of the country, for the purpose of testifying
upon the charges. Well, the House of Repre-
sentatives has, by the Constitution, the right to
expel members; and, in determining whether a
member shall be expelled, it is a judicial tribunal,
< exactly as the Senate is in trying an impeachment.
! Now, sir, when, as in the present case, an mves-
tigation is ordered by the House into the conduct
ot its members, and when it is in the power of the
House, acting upon the report of the committee
by a vote of two thirds, to expel a member, may
not that committee compel the attendance of wit-
nesses? And if a witness fail to attend, in obedi-
ence to its summons, is he not guilty of a con-
tempt, not of a crime—for contempt is not a crime
—is he not, I say, guilty of a contempt for which
he may be punished by the House? 1 address
these inquiries to my colleague, from a sincere
desire that he may comment upon them, for I
confess 1 doubt the correctness of the views taken
by him, believing that he has narrowed too much
the prerogatives of the House.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 wish my friend from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] to allow me to ask a ques-
tion. I have been listening with great attention
to what the gentleman has said,and Ialwayshear
him with instruction. He speaks of a criminal
jurisdiction not being vested in the House. Now,
there is not a criminal jurisdiction vested in the
Chancellor's court, yet that court can punish a
witness for non-attendance, and can commit mem-
bers of the bar to prison for a contempt, as they
call it. Now, I am no lawyer, as are these gen-
tlemen who have carried on this debate. I am
nothing but an honest man. [Laughter.] I am
only showing that this power has been exercised
by the Legislature of Pennsylvania. In 1835, 1
think it was, the Legislature of the State of Penn-
sylvania sentdown to Philadelphia and throughout
the State, and brought before them certain gentle-
men connected with a secret, and, as thfy said, an
oath-bound society, and they asked them, myself
at the head of them, certain questions. We de-
clined respectfully to answer. They desired to
order us to prison, and it was no fault of theirs
that we did not go. But we were shut up in cus-
tody, though not in prison. Here was the exercise
of power on the part of a legislative body. They
placed us in durance, "in duranse vile!" 1,
i therefore, ask the gentleman whether a like power
i does not repose in this body>
j Mr. BAYLY. My friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Chandler] has made two declarations which
it was entirely unnecessary for him to make on
this floor: first, that lie was an honest man—his
whole life has proved that; second, that he was no
lawyer—and his remarks to-day have established
that, also. [General laughter.]
I will reply, briefly, to my friend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Chandler,] as it will not require
so serious a reply as that of my colleague. The
gentleman asks me by what right it is that the
courts commit a witness for contempt. I answer
that it is by positive law. There is no inherent
power in the court to do any such thing, bat it is
because positive law authorizes it. I do not mean
in all cases a statute law; but the common law.
But, as I understand it, even under that ]aw a
court cannot punish any other contempts than
those committed in its presence, or where it will
interrupt its deliberations.
The gentleman alludes to a circumstance that
took place in the Legislature of his own State,
where himself and others, being members of a
secret order, were sent to jail for refusing to testify.
He says the jailor refused to receive them. That
was a sensible jailor; and I have no doubt he had
a sound legal adviser. The gentleman was then
confined somewhere else; yet suffered, I presume,
no inconvenience in consequence. All 1 have to
say, in respect to that case, is, that those things
were done, I believe, in the Buck-shot war, which
are not regarded as authority anywhere.
I will now come to the point made by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, and I ask him—strict con-
structionist as he is, if anything a more impracti-
cable one than I am—where he finds authority in
the Constitution of the United States by which he
can bring this witness before the bar of the House ?
He has been guilty of contempt in not coming
before the committee, by order of the Speaker, to
testify. What will you do with him, and where
is the law found which will authorize you to do
anything with him ? How are you to get along
with the case ? That there is no wrong without
a remedy is a leading maxim of the law. If there
has been a wrong here, I want to know where the
remedyis to be found? I want to know what can
be done; and I do not want the House of Repre-
sentatives to make a fool of itself. Suppose that
you had, at this moment, this man before the bar
of the House, what are you going to do?
Mr. LETCHER, (interrupting.) Will the
gentleman allow me to interrupt him a moment?
According to the best of my recollection, my col-
league voted for the organization of this commit-
t66a
Mr. BAYLY. I believe I did not vote for it;
but I am not certain. I never believed anything
was to come of it; I felt, therefore, no interest in
the matter; it made no impress upon my mind;
and 1 do not recollect how I voted, nor do I care,
as far as this debate is concerned. For suppose
1 did vote for the raising of the committee, does
it follow that 1 should support proceedings rec-
ommended by them wholly unauthorized ?
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly my colleague
voted for an organization of another committee
of the same sort. I want to know why my col-
league did not make his objection at the time the
committee was organized, and thusprevent it from
being organized? Why does he wait until the
committee meets, until they set, and until they
present a report to this House, before he under-
takes to say that the House has no power to pro-
ceed in this matter? If they had come to that
conclusion at first there would have been no
trouble about this matter, and there would have
been no committee organized. Let me give my
colleague an instance in point that occurred in the
Senate. He will recollect that the treaty with
Mexico, which was under consideration in secret
session in that body, by some means found its
way into the columns of the New York Herald,
and that the Senate, for the purpose of protecting
itself, undertook to institute an investigation, and
send for persons and papers, and among other
parties who were placed in the hands of the Ser-
geat-at-Arms of the Senate was, if my recollection
serves me right, Mr. Nugent, reporter for the
Herald, who was confined for several weeks until
he was discharged by the order of the Senate
itself. Let me put a question to my colleague:
If the Senate had no authority to do this thing
how come it to be done?
Mr. BAYLY. I will answer my colleague.
After the Senate placed this man in the custody
of the Sergeant-at-Arms, they found, as I sup-
pose—for that is the only logical reason for their
conduct—that they had no authority for it, and
they oidered him to be discharged. Now, my
colleague, With that precedent staring him in the
face, wants this House to do the very same thing
in which the Senate were obliged to retrace their
steps. .
Mr. LETCHER. The Senate discharged him
because they could EOt fix his guilt.
