576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5.
Mr. BAYLY. Suppose that they had fixed his
-guilt. What could they have done with him ? All
they could have done would have been to send
him before a magistrate, if he had committed a
criminal offense defined by law; but the Senate
discharged him because they thought they had
taken an unadvised step. But my recollection is—
I am not certain—that Nugent's case was like
this. H-e was confined for contempt in refusing
to testify.
Mr, LETCHER. My colleague says all they
could do was to send him before a magistrate; but,
in reply to a point I made, he says that there is no
constitutional power on the part of either House
to punish for contempt. Now, where is the con-
stitutional authority to invest the Senate or the
House of Representatives with au hority to insti-
tute a prosecution for contempt by sending the
party before a magistrate ?
Mr. BAYL i. My colleague must excuse me.
He is talking about sending a man before a mag-
istrate for contempt. I have not pretended to say
that either body could do any such thing. I hope
S have clearer conceptions of law than to propound
any such absudity. Contempt to the Senate or to
the House is not defined by any law. They have
a right to preserve order, and to prescribe their own
rules of order in their respective Chambers; and
if, m the breach of order, there is an offense com-
mitted, we restore order first, and punish the
offense, if one punishable by law be committed,
afterwards, through the instrumentality of the
tribunals established by law for the trial of offenses.
That is the way 1 understand the law to be.
But my colleague from the Norfolk district [Mr.
Millson] propounded a question, of much more
importance to me, and probably my colleague
from the Augusta district [Mr. Letcher] alluded
to the same thing in his last interruption, lie
referred to the fact that I came into the House
and asked an investigation of the charges which
had been made against me in reference to the dis-
charge of my ofiicial duties. Why did I do it '
It was upon the ground that the House had the
right to purge itself from lepers, if they were here,
and, in my case, I was charged byname. That is
the reason why I did it. The House had juris-
diction m such matters. It had a right to protect
itself. Here was a specific charge against a man
whose honor, through life, had been unsullied. I
had the right to ask it.
Then my colleague says, suppose the witness
would not appear, what authority has the House
to compel his attendance? None, I answer; none
whatever. That is the very point we are discuss-
ing. if the accuser would not appear, there
would be an ewd of the accusauon. But suppose
he did; and suppose, on the other hand, I should
summon a witness in my defence, and he should
not appear, where would be the authority of the
House to make him appear? None, none. What
would be my remedy in the first case? If I were
libeled, I could go to the grand jury of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and make presentment for libel
as being a civil action; and then both parties, on
the trial, would have the right to force the appear-
ance of their witnesses. The first case is the one ■
only likely to occur; but if the last should, arid |
injury ensue, I think a remedy could be found, j
I would never ask this House to compel an at- i
tendance. It has no such authority; for there ^ ;
no law to authorize it. I
I conclude exactly where I began, by saying,
that the whole authority of this House is to pre- j
serve order; and the moment it advances one inch
beyond that, the parties have a right to go before ,
the legal tribunals of the country. This House .
has not, under any law i am aware of, any juris- 1
<hction whatever in case of contempt, except so
far as may be necessary to preserve order in this ;
body. > !
1 am aware of the cases to which my friend
from Virginia refers. 1 have not read them for ,
many years, but I recollect very distinctly what j
they are; but I never believed, great as were the |
men who served in Congress in those days, that j
they had authority to do what they did do. The !
gentleman from Virginia cites a case whereaman J
sued the Sergeant-at-Arms for false imprisonment, i
and after it was decided in the circuit, court, it ,
went up to the Supreme Court of the United
States, and there it was decided; but what wus i
the ground upon which it was decided? It was ,
decided upon the ground that* as he acted as a ■
ministerial officer, under an authority, he was
bound to obey, he was not individually respon-
sible as long as he did not go beyond the bounds
of it.
I did not design, Mr. Speaker, to have gone into
this discussion at all. It is a matter in which,
either as a member of this House, or in any other
respect, I feel not the slightest interest, and when
I came over into this part of the Hall, it was for
the purpose of trying to get before the House a
bill m which I feel a great deal of interest, (Gen-
eral Scott's bill,) but in the course of my col-
league's elaborate speech, he referred so frequently
to me, that it became due to myself that I should
sustain the position I took the other day. It was
in that manner that I was drawn into this discus-
sion. I have not given the subject to-^ay more
than five minutes thought before I took the floor;
nor was it necessary I should, for the points in
the case are so clear that I am sure the House will
not doubt about them.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to occupy the time of the House but for a few mo-
ments. As a member of this investigating com-
mitee, I feel it my duty to advert briefly to the
remarks which fell from the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. EdgertonI on Saturday, and which I see
reported in the Globe of this morning.
The member from Ohio [Mr. Eugerton] re-
marked that this investigating committee was "an
inquisitorial tribunal, holding its meetings in secret,
seeking to stab in the dark the character of honor-
able members of this House, when no man dare
stand forth and proclaim himself the accuser of
any one;" that it "enjoined secrecy on its witnesses
and its members," and in the conclusion of his
remarks, lie seemed to me to have been very un-
duly exnted in his prepossessions against this
committee, saying:
" Jlas not the whole action of the committee on the sub-
ject been notoriously a failure > It ha^ not compromised for
an instant a single member of the House, nor !) •* it a fleeted
hiij character in any reopen. Ami, sir, more than that. I
will sav to Oust omnuuve that its opinion ami it^ ifpoitean-
not, will not,;>U'eet the diameter of thii House, or of a
single individual member, and the whole country knows it.'?
Mr. Speaker, I regard the spirit of these remarks
as unjust and improper; and here, m the first place,
allow me briefly to state how it was that I became
connected with the committee. In July last, when
Colt's bill was under discussion, sitting in my seat
here, i hoard with surprise and regret, imputations
affecting the reputation of members of this body,
both from a gentleman m favor of, and a gentle-
man opposed to, the Colt bill It was the first ses-
sion in which I had had the honor of a place in the
National Legislature;and I felt uncertain—I could
not ttii definitely—what these imputations meant;
not even knowing but that I might suffer in my
own teputation from sitting in a House charged,
in effect, by its own members, with being basely
influenced by corruption in the passage or defeat
of bills. Without much thought, and acting in-
stinctively under the impulses of my nature, 1 rose
at once, and demanded that these imputations be
verified or disproved by investigation. 1 stated
that I had seen newspaper paragraphs to the same
effect, which I regarded as not worth serious atten-
tion; but that when members on the floor threw
out such imputations, it was due to the American
Congress that investigation should be made into
their truth. J knew nothing of the foundation for
such imputations. I trusted that they might prove
' untrue. Iliad no reason to believe they were true.
] And, so far as I am concerned, as a member of
this committee, T have had no disposition to " stab
i in the dark the character of honorable members,"
1 no wish to prove guilt upon members under such
j imputations, but J did wish an investigation made,
! that members, honorable and innocent as I took
I them to be, might be exonerated from the uncertain
  stigma of rumors so highly prejudical. And,sir, I
| could not divest myself of the pei suasion that the
j National Legislature of so great and glorious a
j Republic as this, owed it to ilselj and to the people
j of the Union, promptly and jealously to protect its
; reputation from suspicion of such demoralization,
j and atonceto give proper attention to insinuations
of the sort indicated, when coming from members
of this body. The remarks made at that time,
under such impulse of the moment, I presume led
to my selection as a member of the committee.
In view of their tenor, and of my position and
feelings in this matter, I deem it unnecessary to do
more in connection with the remarks of the mem-
ber from Ohio, than to state that, I regard him aa
having fallen into serious misapprehensions,
which tend to produce an erroneous and unjust
impression upon the public mind with reference
to this committee; and through which impression
I, as an individual member of it, feel myself
affected. I have deemed it my duty to say thus
much, by way of protecting the committee against
unguarded accusations.
The gentleman from Ohio stated, and I presume
the impression was upon his mind, that " "the com-
mittee enjoined secrecy upon their witnesses, and
upon themselves." I do not understand that to
be true; but rather a misapprehension doing in-
justice to the committee. This committee is one
of peculiar character or organization, having pe-
culiar duties to discharge. When witnesses were
summoned before it, and they made vague impu-
tations or statements, opening up questions, sup-
posed to affect the reputation of members of Con-
gress, I would ask-whether it would be thought
proper to permit such vague imputations or ques-
tionable statements to go into the newspapers, and
be bruited before the public, before the members
had any opportunity to rebut or disprove them,
or the committee any time to investigate their
truth? The committee did determine that it was
improper to let the testimony, given from day to
day, go into the newspapers before investigation
had been fully pursued. Many of the imputations
turned out to be groundless. Had they been made
public at the time they were first made, they would
have affected the reputation of honorable men very
unjustly. The committee, 1 think, correctly de-
termined it was improper that testimony in this
unfinished condition, should go into the news-
papers. No further than this, was it ever intended
that the proceedings of the committee should be
secret. Everything the committee has done, haa
been published. Every word of testimony taken
before it has been laid before the public, and the
genJleman's remark, that this is a "secret" tri-
bunal, imposing " secrecy on its witnesses and
its members" is certainly unjust and incorrect.
He taunts the committee with the expression,
that they have accomplished nothing; that nothing
which they think or do can affect the reputation
of members of Congress; and he would seem to
assume that it is the purpose of the committee to
stigmatize the- reputation of members of this
House. I have not so understood it. I think that
the gentleman was a little over-heated. Heis the
advocate of the passage of Colt's bill, and I sup-
pose was somewhat unguarded in his zeal and
expressions. Such expressions are calculated to
do the committee much injustice—they are incor-
rect, and I have felt it my duty to say this much
by way of reply to them.
If the committee have accomplished little, it is
not because they have not labored indefatigably.
They have labored, not to convict members, or
to exculpate them, but to eviscerate truth. If
they have accomplished little, it is so much to the
credit of the character of the House, for which I
am gratified, or because, as the gentleman says,
44 it is not m the power of this House to compel
the attendance of witnesses before the commit-
tee, which, if true, 1 think a great defect in its
organization. That is the question now pending
before the House; and it is rather remarkable that
the House has appointed such a committee, and
after months of labor should discover that the
committee has no power to do what it had author-
ized and instructed it to do. I am rejoiced to be-
lieve that no testimony before the committee justi-
fies the belief that any member of the House has
acted corruptly. Were I not a member, as an
American citizen I should feel proud of this. But
the testimony discloses that there are unprincipled
men prowling around the Capitol, try ins to secure
the passage or defeat of bills; come of whom, at
least, manifestly believe that money and improper
appliances are necessary to secure success. This
is a wretched state of things, and it must be grant-
eu that the committee have done some good in
bringing to light, and exposing to the public gaze,
these miserable men. .Look at the testimony of
a£>u !*erson—one ^or, an(* one aga*nst the
bill. 1 here is something in that testimony per-
fectly shocking. The whale testimony before the
committee ought to be printed, and sent broadcast
into every congressional district of the Union,
buch pests as hang about the Capitol, with the
belief that members may be reached, directly or
