THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1855.
New Series....No. 3T.
indirectly, by improper appliances, should be
mercilessly and thoroughly exposed. If the com-
mittees have not the power, a bill ought to be
passed at once giving them the power to compel
witnesses to appear and testify to the truth upon
charges or imputations, such as have been made,
affecting the reputation of members of Congress,
and involving the purity of legislation. This is
a question in which the people of the United States
are deeply interested, and they should demand of
their representatives no dodging upon such a
question. ,
Mr. EDGERTON. I will say to the House that
in the remarks which I made to the House on Sat-
urday, 1 had no intention in arry way to cast any
reflection upon any member of that committee, or
upon the integrity of the committee itself. I did
denominate it as an inquisitorial committee, and I
must now say, with all due respect to the gentle-
men who are upon it, that I do think that all com-
mittees of this character are inquisitorial. I am
opposed to their organization. I think they are
improper, except in cases like that which the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] proposes to raise,
where a specific and distinct charge was made
against him. It was right that he should call for an
investigation—right and proper. But I think it is
wrong—( think the practice is founded in error—
it is doing injustice to members of the House, and
to their constituencies, when they get up commit-
tees of investigation simply upon rumors, and not
upon specific charges.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER, (interrupting.) I did
not yield to the gentleman from Ohio for the pur-
Fose of making an argument before the House.
have but a word more to say, and then 1 will
yield the floor altogether. Now, sir, in reference
to the question of raising committees of investiga-
tion, I do think that when a member of the House
rises in his place and makes an imputation which
is calculated to lead to the conclusion that mem-
bers of the House are corrupt, are approachable
in reference to their action upon bills before this
body, a member who is sensitive as to his char-
acter and thecharacteroftheNational Legislature,
ought not to wait for a specific charge to be made
against a particular individual. I think that
when a member rises in his place and makes such
an imputation, it is proper for the House to make
an investigation as to its foundation.
But thegentleman from Ohio stated on Saturday
that he was opposed to the organization of this
committee. Sir, I do not remember how that
fact was, but I have endeavored to examine and
to see what his record was, and I have not been
able to ascertain that the gentleman even voted
against the raising of the committee, or that he
said one word that would indicate his opposition.
I inquire of him whether such was the fact?
Mr. EDGERTON. It is not necessary that a
member should get up here and make a speech
upon every subject that is presented, to show that
he is opposed to it. It is not necessary even that
he should vote upon the question, in order to
ascertain his precise position in reference to it,
or his bearing towards it. I said I was opposed
to the organization of that committee, and so I
was, although I did not make a speech against it.
I do not know even that I voted against it. I am
not sure that I was present when the gentleman
from Virginia offered the resolution for the raising
the committee. But, sir, I was opposed, and am
opposed, on an occasion of this character, to
raising committees of investigation.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Having now stated
what I deemed to be erroneous in the remarks of
the gentleman from Ohio, on Saturday, and that
gentleman having disclaimed all intention to make
any reflection upon the members of the committee
of which 1 am a member, 1 have no further re-
marks to mike upon the subject.
Mr. OLDS obtained the floor.
Mr. EDGERTON. I ask my colleague to
allow me to say one word further m relation to
the charge against the character of this committee.
I had supposed this was a secret committee. I
had supposed so from its very nature, and I had
37
heard from persons outside, who had been before
it, that such was its character. I made the charge,
therefore, from a general belief of the fact, and
from the assertions of persons who had been be-
fore it durine some of its sessions.
Mr. LETCHER. As to the secret character of
our committee, it was secret, as has been stated, to
just this extent. We did not allow any witness,
called before us to testify, to take out a copy of
his evidence for publication; because we thought
that, by publishing one-sided statements, without
showing the connection in which they Were made,
injurious impressions might be created. But, sir,
we have reported to the House all the testimony
that has been taken before us, and it has all been
published, and any person can find exactly what
took place before us by reading the report.
Mr. EDGERTON.*! will simply say that I do
not desire to take up the time of the House now.
I have the floor upon this Colt case, when we go
into Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar, and, should I have anything further to
say, I will say it then.
Mr. OLDS. I do not wish to consume more of
the time of the House upon this subject, and I will
not detain them five minutes with what I have to
say. I think we have given to this matter already
more importance than it deserves. So far as I
know the effect of these resolutions, should we
adopt them, I think the game is not worth the am-
munition we have expended upon it. I would not
deign to dignify this man with an arrest by the
Sergeant-at-Arms. I would give him his walking
papers, and let him go without taking any further
notice of him; for, whatever further action we
take in reference to the case will be giving import-
ance to an individual unworthy the notice of the
House.
I certainly am not disposed to cast anyreflection
upon a single member of the committee. So far
as I know, they have followed faithfully in the
path of their duty. But while it cannot be denied,
but that the committee is inquisitorial in its char-
acter, you cannot make it anything more, nor any-
thing less. It has not had referred to itany single
charge against a member of this House, but is
commissioned to inquire, generally, as to bribery
and corruption. When the Colt case was under
consideration, the member from North Carolina,
[Mr. Clingman,] made the general charge, that
he had understood outside influences had been
brought to bear upon members of the House in
reference to that case.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the gentleman te
allow me a single word. If any member will read
the report of this committee, I think he will agree
with me that the proof is abundant that these-
outside influences had been brought to bear upon
members of the House. I did not say that they
had been successfully brought to bear upon any
member, but I think they have been brought to
bear upon members; and my estimate of the value
of the labors of that committee is very different
from that of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ed-
gerton.] I think that when it is made in full,
extra copies should be printed; and, in my opinion,
they will be found much more serviceable to the
country, than the copies of the Patent Office Re-
port which we distribute.
Mr. OLDS. Thegentleman has stated precisely
what I was on the point of stating when he inter-
rupted me. It is true that the gentleman from
Morth Carolina did not make any specific charge
against any member. The committee had na
specific charges to investigate; no member was
suspected in particular, and the committee, as a
matter of course, was not organized for any spe-
cific purpose. It had no member upon trial, for no
member was suspccted. For what purpose then
was the committee organized? Was it for the
trial of American citizens outside of Congress?
Why, I do not even know thatany definitecharge
had been made against any gentleman outside of
the House. The whole transaction was founded
upon rumor; the committee was constituted upon
rumor, and had nothing to investigate but rumor.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. If the gentleman
will allow me, I will say one word more. In the
remarks I made a few moments ago, in reply to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chand-
ler,] I forgot to refer, as I had intended, to a
most flagrant precedent in respect to this very-
question. It will be recollected that there was a
man, whom we have all seen about here, taken up
by the Senate some years ago, upon a charge of
an attempt to assassinate Mr. Clay in the face of
the Senate. They imprisoned hun—put him in
jail. But afterwards he was discharged, and the
Senate itself, seeing its error, passed a resolution
giving him damages for false imprisonment.
A Member. They gave him $100 to get rid of
his importunities.
Mr. OLDS. What I wish to say is this, that
I do not think the House itself understood, when
it raised this committee, that the committee was to
have power to send for persons and papers for the
purpose of procuring evidence to impeach any of
the gentlemen composing the House of Represent-
atives. I do not suppose that they entertained a
thought of that kind. I do not suppose that the
honorable member from North Carolina, [Mr.
Clingman,] when he made the charge which he
did, in the general terms in which he made it, sup-
posed that any of the gentlemen composing the
House of Representatives would be implicated by
any testimony which could be brought before the
committee.
The honorable member was an opponent of
the extension of the Colt patent, and, perhaps, he
thought that if he could raise a hue and cry against
Mr. Colt, and charge that he had employed agents
to prosecute his claim before the American Con-
gress, he might prejudice the Coltcase. Perhaps,
some floating idea of that kind may have been
passing through his imagination. But, however
that may be, certain it is that the gentleman's move-
men t had precisely such an effect. But for that
the case might have been disposed of in a single
day. But in consequence of the raising of this
committee of investigation, it has been hanging
over the American Congress month after month.
Well, Mr. Speaker, what has been the conse-
quence of instituting a committee with power to
send for persons and papers ? Have they brought
before them such testimony as any honorable mem-
ber would wish to have brought against him if an
act of impeachment was instituted against him ?
I would ask you, sir; I would ask every Repre-
sentative within thesoundof my voice,ifhe would
believe this witness, Chase, on oath, if he were
testifying against the character of'any one of the
gentlemen composing the American House of
Representatives? Js that the class of witnesses
that ought to be brought before a committee for the
purpose of sustaining charges against honorable
members of this body?
Again, sir, suppose you pass this resolution,
what kind of punishment do you inflict upon this
individual ? What would he desire more than the
notoriety he would obtain by being placed in cus-
tody at the mandate of the Speaker of this House,
and in charge of the Sergeant-at-arms, where, sir,
he would, perhaps, be able to run up a better bill
of fare than he could at a hotel? No, sir, if you
want to punish this individual, judging from his
appearance, keep from him champagne and
brandy, and my word for it, you will bring him
to terms, and there will be no more contempt be-
fore this or any committee of this House. God
never made an illegible mark upon the counte-
nance of any man. To look at that man is suffi-
cient; and I say again that the game is not worth
the ammunition; consuming the time of the House.
Now, if the gentleman from Virginia will so
amend his resolution as to require William B.
Chase to be expelled from the reporters' seats, or
to cause the Sereeant-at-arms to lead him out of
the Hall of the House of Representatives, I shall
be prepared to vote for his resolution.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman will look
at the first resolution, he will find that it is pre-
cisely that.
Mr. OLDS. No, sir, it goes beyond that.
Mr. LETCHER. That is the second resolution.
