578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
Mr. OLDS. Then, I hope the gentleman wfil
withdraw the second resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let the resolutions be again
read.
The Clerk reported the resolutions.
Mr. OLDS. The first resolution, it appears to
me, accomplishes all that this House has power
to do, or that this House ought to do. It pro*
vides that this individual shall be expelled from
the reporters' desks. No gentleman can entertain
a doubt as to the propriety of such expulsion.
But if we should place him under arrest by the
Sergeant-at-Arms for re-fusing to give testimony
before the committee, we might involve ourselves
in difficulty, and give far more impertance and
notoriety to Mr. Chase than he merits.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio, (interrupting.) I de-
sire to make a sing!e suggestion. I think we have
wasted time enough upon this subject. I do not
believe there is a member of ihe House who is not
prepared to vote for the first resolution, and if my
colleague will allow me, I will call the previous
question.
Mr. OLDS. I wish to say that we have lost
this whole day about this matter. There are only
four weeks for legislation now before us. There
are hundreds of bills on the table and on the Cal-
endar, undisposed of, and while the country is
suffering for want of wholesome legislation on
those measures, we are discussing questions of
privilege and contempt about an individual whom
you would not believe, even if you had his testi-
mony.
in order, therefore, that we may get this ques-
tion out of the way, that the committee of investi-
gation may go on and make a report, if they want
to do so, and that we may dispose of the Colt
case and other measures of wholesome legislation,
1 now move the previous question.
[Cries of "That's right!" and " Hold on to it!"]
Mr. OLDS. Before demanding the previous
question, however, 1 desire to call for a division
of the question, so that we may have a separate
vote on the resolutions.
Mr. HOUSTON. Can that be done?
The SPEAKER. The resolutions are clearly
distinct.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is the report of a commit-
tee, and can the question be taken upon it other-
wise than as a whole?
The SPEAKER. The committee report two
distinct resolutions.
Mr LETCHER, it is not the report of the
committee at all. The committee mode their re-
port in writing, and this is the result of my action
as the organ of that committee. It is not the act
of the committee in its capacity as a committee.
The SPEAKER. There can be no doubt about
the resolutions being distinct in their character,
and that a separate vote may be had upon each of
them.
Mr. OLDS. Then I demand the previous
question.
Mr. PRESTON. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw the demand for the previous
question for five minutes. 1 pledge myself to re-
new it.
Mr. OLDS. I withdraw it, if the gentleman
will renew it.
Mr. PRESTON. I shall renew it. As I un-
derstand, Mr. Speaker, there are two resolutions
before the House. Now, sir, if nny reporter,
who enjoys the privilege of coming upon the floor
of this House, refuses to testify before any of its
committees, 1 am in favor of excluding him from
hie seat; for I hold thatwe may mo.st properly re-
voke any privilege accorded to him by our rules,
if he shall refuse to comply with customs which
have usually prevailed in such cases. That far I
am prepared to go; and as it seems that Mr. Chase
has fallen within this rule, I am ready to give an
rfHrnidtive vote upon the first resolution submitted
by the gentleman from Virginia.
15ut 1 would respectfully submit to my friend
from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] who is a lawyer,
if the second resolution were adopted, whether it
murht not be invalid, and if the warrant of the
Speaker were issued upon it, if it might not sub-
ject the action of the House to derision > is it not
framed in such general terms that it would not be
apparent upon the face of our proceedings for
what cause Chase was committed to the custody
of the Serjeant-at-Arms, and would it be uble to
resist, for a moment, the tegt of a writ ot habeas
corpus, if the prisoner should demand its protec-
tion? if the warrant were issued in pursuance to
the resolution, it would dncct, in general terms,
the Sergeant-at-Anns to hold Chase in custody
until the further order of the House, without con-
taining any specification of his offense, so as to
enable a judge receiving the warrant upon a writ
of habeas corpus to form an opinion whether the
warrant was authorized by, or transcended the
powers of, the House. It would not appear to him
whether Chase was deprived of his liberty for a
contempt committed in the face of this body, or
for a libel published bevond its jmisdiction. The
warrant, if issued at ail, should be issued in con-
formity with the resoiuuon, and should set forth
clearly and distinctly the character of the offense,
and the cause of the commitment, so that any
judge, upon a writ of habeas corpus, might decide
upon the legality or the illegality of the commit-
ment. This practice of general warrants commit-
ting a ciuzen without specifying the offense, is an ■
invasion of liberty, and belongs to the pet tod of!
the English revolution againbt Charles the First, i
and not to our own times. The important ques- i
turns connected with tins topic were among the :
principal causes which brought that monarch to t
the block, and led to the establishment of English I
liberty upon its present foundation. !
Mr. LETCIlEfl. Will the gentleman from j
Kentucky permit me to correct an error? ;
Mr. PRESTON, i have only a moment my-
self; my tune was limited to five minutes; if it
were more extended i would give the floor to the
gentleman. 1 say this, Mr. speaker, that as far
as the second resolution goes, it would, in all prob-
ability, be deemed worthless m a court of justice.
The Speaker has no right to issue such a general
variant as the resolution requires, and the Ser-
geant-at-Arnis, in response to a writ of habeas
corpus, could nor, under it, show a legal justifica-
tion for holding h N prisoner, if the warrant were
subjected to the acute criticism of counsel in a
trial at law. it is exactly analogous to the ques-
tion m relation to ffen^ral wat rants, which was
much discussed in England at the tune of its first
revolution, in the conflict which took place as to
the extent of the prerogative of the Crown, and
the right of the privy council to imprison without
assigning the cau^e of the commitment upon the
face of the warrant. There was t\ contesun New
York in relation to a subject of this kind, not
many years since, and I conceive that it ia just
and right that no warrant can issue to deprive a j
citizen of his liberty, which does not clearly set j
forth, and distinctly specify, the causes for which j
he is held in custody, so that the legality or ille-
gality of the commitment may be fully examined |
and reviewed, as well os the rightful duration  f |
the imprisonment, by nny judge who may hear |
the mutter upon a writ o( habeas corpus. The pro- I
ceedmga in this case, the adoption of this resolu- i
tion, and a wairnnt issued upon it, would furnish !
no such information to the tribunals of the country, !
if it were brought before them by Mr. Chase,!
on a writ of habeas corpus.
Under these circumstances, I think the proper
course for the House to put sue is, to adopt the
first resolution asked for, and refuse the second;
which ought, at least, to be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, for their opinion and report
before it is adopted by this body. I do not see
the necessity of issuing the warrant for reasons
that 1 need not now allude to; but if it should be
the pleasure of the House to pursue a contrary
course, the warrant should set forth the contempt
of which Chase has been guilty, and the grounds
for his being committed to the executive ollicer of
our body. 'j
There is, Mr. Speaker, a power higher in such H
cases than the on'eis of this House of Congress ij
—the power of thecouita of the land to protect jj
the rights and liberties of the citizen; and it is
eminently necessary in any action we may take,
that we shall be careful not to violate in the slight-
est any privilege of any person, however hum-
ble or reprehensible.
Mr. DUNHAM. I desire to make a single
remark, and hope the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Preston] wiil withhold ins call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. PRESTON. I promised to call for the
previous question, and that promise I wish to
fulfill.
Mr. DUNHAM. I should like to make a sin-
gle inquiry before the gentleman moves the pre-
vious question.
Mr. PRESTON. I feel constrained by my
promise to move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded 'r and the
main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. PRESTON. Can I call for a division of
the question ?
The SPEAKER. Certainly; the gentleman
has a right to have the vote separated on the two
resolutions.
Mr. PRESTON. Then I call for a division
of the question.
The &-BAKER. Then thequestionis first on
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Speaker of this House be directed to
rpvoko ihe privilege under which W. B. Chase holds a
reporter'* desk on the floor, and that said W. B. Chase b«
excluded from the Hall.
Mr. STEVENS, of Michigan. 1 call for ths
yeas and nays. Let us know who votes against
it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered. .
The question was taken;and the resolution was
adopted.
The question recurred on the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Speaker do issne a warrant directed
to the Sergeant-nt-Arms attending this floase, command-
ing him to take into custody, wherever he is to be found,
the body of VV. IJ. Chase, and the sainc in his custody to
kocp suhjuct to the further order and directions of this
House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move tolay that
resolution on the table, and I ask the previous
qu eation.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I take it that the resolu-
tion cannot he thus divided.
The SPEAKER. The first resolution is adopted,
and its adoption separates it from the remaining
resolution.
Mr. EDGERTON. Do I understand the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
to be to lay the resolution on the table?
The SPEAKER. That is the motion.
Mr. EDGERTON. i would surest that the
motion should be to refer it to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. JONES. No, sir. I insist upon my mo-
tion, because it will put an end to this thing here.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I should suppose there
would be no objection to its being referred, i
make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
proposes to tefer the resolution to the Committee
on the Judiciary. Is objection made?
Several Members objected.
Mr. JON E3, of Tennessee. I move to suspend
the rules for that purpose.
Mr. MILLSON. I beg; leave to Bay, if ths
resolution should be adopted, would not the party
he entitled to be heard by counsel, and would not
that take up too much time of the House.
Mr. PEC1CHAM. Has a motion been made
to reeonsider the vote by which the first resolu-
tion wa« adopted ?
The SPEAKER. X;"o such motion haa been
mad".
Mr. PECKHAM. I then make that motion.
Mr. JONli-S, of Louisiana. 1 have been asked
by several gentlemen to withdraw the motion I
made to lay the seccfld resolution on the table. I
decline to accede to the request, because 1 believe
this House has no power over the subject-matter
of Ihe second resolution.
The SPEAKER. The propositions of thegen-
tlemaii from New York, [Mr. Peckham,] and the
gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Jones,] are both.
privileged questions. The question will betaken
first, on laying the second resolution vpon the table,
and then will come up the question of reconsid-
ering the vote by which the first resolution was
passed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion of the gentleman from
Louisiana, [Mr. Jones.]
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. LETCHER. If the House will allowme,
1 desire to make a suggestion, and it is this: Some
gentlemen here think it requiresa lawto be passed
bv Congress before it can proceed in investiga-
tions of this character. Others think with me,
that the House has the power now. I propose,
then, that by general consent, it be agreed that
this resolution go to the Committee on the Judi-
