1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&19
ciary, so that they may consider the question
whether we have the power or not.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I would ask the Chair
whether this debate is in order?
The SPEAKER. All debate is out of order,
except by the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. PRESTON. I hope that the proposition
of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher]
will be accepted.
The SPEAKER. Is the proposition of the
gentleman from Virginia agreed to ?
Several Members objected. •
The question was then taken on Mr. Jones's
motion; and, a division being had, there were—
ayes 68, noes 50.
So the House agreed to lay the second resolu-
tion upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion made by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Peckiiam] to reconsider the vote
by which the first resolution was adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit the ques-
tion, -whether thegentleman who makes that motion
voted with the majority?
The SPEAKER. There was no division, and
there is no record of the vole.
Mr. PECK. I move to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
Mr. PECKHAM. I made the motion to re-
consider simply upon the ground that i thought the
House were acting rather too hastily upon a mat-
ter of this character. I have not the least objec-
tion to having the privileges of a reporter with-
drawn from Mr. Chase, because he has violated
the rule under which he was admitted to a seat
upon this floor, but for one, I shall not contribute,
in any manner or degree, to cast reflection or op-
probium upon him without giving him an oppor-
tunity of being heard in his defense, of giving him
what should be denied to no man, a trial, before
conviction and punishment. So far as I am con-
cerned, I will not consent that this House, acting
as a judicial body, shall pass sentence of condem-
nation upon any.citizen without a trial. It is for
that reason I made the motion to reconsider,
that the latter part of the resolution, which affirm-
atively condemns and excludes, might be re-
scinded, and that the first part, which withdraws
the privilege which the Speaker has accorded
him, might be adopted. I scarcely know the in-
dividual here condemned, at least, I know him
very slightly, but i desire that the House should
not itself do wrong in its eagerness to punish
him. I hope the House will reconsider the reso-
lution for the purpose indicated, and direct simply
that the privilege be withdrawn from Mr. Chase
of occupying a seat in this Hall, but that no gen-
eral judgment of condemnation shall be rendered.
Mr. DUNHAM, if the House pass this reso-
lution without hearing anything further, it places
itself in this category: The testimony upon which
you act, and which is reported by the honoruble
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] was
taken during the last session of Congress. The
appointment under which Mr. Chase is acting
was made at the commencement of this session,
and upon that point he has made no response,
either to that committee, or this House. The
House therefore withdraw from him a privilege
which was awarded him at the commencement of
the present session, upon an answer which was
made during the last session, and before the
appointment was made, and without any informa-
tion whether he holds the same at this time or
not.
Mr. PECKHAM. I do not agree to the posi-
tion of the learned gentleman. The matter in re-
gard to which he has been acting as a claim a^ent,
is stiil pending before this body, and there is no
evidence whatever—in fact, there is no pretense
that his relations have been changed.
Mr. BARRY. I understand, in the course of
conversation with others, though I have not ex-
amined the report of the committee particularly
with reference to this subject, that there are a
number of individuals who enjoy the privileges of
this Hall as reporters, on condition of not being
claim agents, that are as guilty and as liable to be
expelled as Mr. Chase. If this be true, it is but
right that the same measure of justice should be
meted out to all. If you expel this individual upon
the grounds alleged, and there be other men upon
this floor, standing in the same position, it is un-
just to the House and the person assailed, that
he should be made the scape-goat for all the rest,
although the punishment may be well deserved in
his own case.
Mr. PENNINGTON". With the permission
of my honorable friend from New York, [Mr.
Peckham,] who is entitled to the floor, I desire to
say a few words in support of his motion to re-
consider before he demands the previous question.
I hope the motion will prevail. The resolution
which it is proposed to reconsider does not, upon
the face of it, specify the ground on which Mr.
Chase is to be expelled from his privileged seat as
a reporter. Nor does the ground of this punitive
action on the part of the House appear, with any
certainty, by the proceedings of the body. It
seems to me to be due, not less to the dignity of
the body itself, than to the character of the indi-
vidual affected by the resolution, that it should
specify distinctly the reason for this marked evi-
dence of the displeasureof the House. It is quite
as important with reference to the precedent which
it will establish.
Now, sir, with a view to such a specification,
let me ask the House what is the ground of that
proceeding? Let us see what are the grounds
which may bo found upon the face of our proceed-
ings, and urged in support of the measure proposed,
and how far they, or nny of them, will justify
it. Is it that Mr. Chase has been guilty of a con-
tempt of the lawful authority of the House m
refusing, as a witness, to answer questions pro-
pounded to him by one of its committees, author-
ized to send for persons and papers, or in subse-
quently refusing to appear before the committee
as a witness, in obedience to the summons of the
Speakeruor is it that he is a claim agent, under a
proper construction of the rule of the House,
which excludes such from privileged seats as re-
porters? Is it upon one, or more, or all of these
grounds? Or is it because he is a sensual looking
beast, as was said by the member from New York
[Mr. Walsh] a few days since; or because, as is
said, he criticised the grammar of some gentleman
on this floor; or because he has maltreated his
family, as is alleged by some; or bccause he is, in
fact, not a reporter, and has procured his seat
by fraud upon theSpeakerin untruly representing
himself to be such, as has been alleged by others'
Whatever may be the reason, let it be disclosed
upon the face of the resolution, not only that the
Blouse may appear to do it in support of, and
with proper regard to, its own dignity, and that
it may stand upon that reason as a precedent for
the future, but that no unjust or injurious in-
ferences may be drawn from it against the char-
acter of Mr. Chase other than such as are intended
by the House, and justified by the circumstances of
the case. Let us strike no blow in the dark, nor
without such evidence as-shall appear to demand
it.
The only grounds of which there is a shadow
of proof or publicity upon the records of our pro-
ceedings, and the only ones to which ! shall fur-
ther refer, are those which relate to his conduct
as a witness, arid that which relates to the fact of
his agency for Colt in his application for the ex-
tension of his patent. Now, sir, it is by no means
clear to me that, in any of these respects, he is
guilty of a contempt of the lawful authority of the
House, or obnoxious to the charge of being a claim
agent, in the technical or any proper sense of that
term, under the rule of the body. I am not satis-
fied that this Househas, inherentin it and without :
legislative enactment by Congress, (in which both
Houses must, of course, concur,) the power to
compel the attendance of witnesses either before it-
self or before its committees. It is only by positive
lav/ that courts of record have that power, and, if I
recollect rightly, the very question now presented,
as to the inherent power of a single branch of the
Legislature to compel the attendance of witnesses,
has been fully considered, and the power denied
by high authority in the State of New York, even
in the case of the Senate of that State sitting as
a court of impeachment, and, in consequence of
such denial, legislative action was had to vest the
necessary power in the Senate as well as the
power to punish for contempt.
If this view of the question is right, Mr. Chase
is not guilty of a contempt of the lawful authority
of this" House, either in refusing to appear or to
answer. At ail events, it may well be doubted
whether his refusal to answer in the particular
matter propounded to him by the committee is in
any degree reprehensible. It was wholly a matter
of hearsay, which is held to be utterly incom-
petent. fie expressly declared, on oath, that he
had no knowledge of any corrupt practice in
regard to the extension of the Colt patent, or any
other matter before Congress, and that he had
no reason to believe that there had been any such
corrupt practice, except from hearsay. He stated
what he had heard, and only refused to give the
name of the person from whom he had heard it,
and this he may have done, under the circum-
stances, rightfully and properly, from a sense of
delicacy. At all events, it seems to me that this
branch of the case presents questions worthy of
grave and deliberate consideration, and that it
ought to go to the Committee on the Judiciary
for that purpose. If they shall report that the
House has no power in the premises, inherent in
it without further legislation, and that the action
of the committee and of the Speaker was not duly
authorized, the House will be better informed, and
may more safely act than if now can; and if the
committee shall think otherwise, the House may
be happily restrained from sanctioning an errone-
ous principle and setting a bad precedent, and
such further legislation as may be needed may be
matured and recommended by the committee.
It is ohvious, from the action of the House i 
laying upon the table the resolution accompany-
ing that now under consideration, that the House
is not now prepared to affirm its authority to
compel the attendance of witnesses, or to punish
Mr. Chase as for a contempt of that authority, in
the mode usual and suitable in cases of contempt.
If, then, it is an open question whether Mr.
Chase is guilty of contempt, and the House is not
prepared to declare him to be so guilty, it can
scarcely be said that the House, in the vote just
taken upon the passage of this resolution, has
expelled Mr. Chase upon this ground.
It only remains to inquire whether he is a claim
agent in the sense of the rule to which I have
referred. Let it be remembered by the House
that the action against Mr. Chase now under con-
sideration, is of a penal, or, at least, a punitive
character, and that the rule should be construed
strictly in his favor, and not made to extend
beyond its technical interpretation. This is the
rule of law in such cases, aod a proper one I ask
the attention of the committee to the reading of
so much of the 19th rule as is pertinent to the
question now before us. It declares that '* no
person shall be admitted under the rules of the
House as a reporter or stenographer for any paper
or papers who shall be employed as an agent to
prosecute any claim pending before Congress; and
the Speaker shall give his written permission with
his condition."
Now, is Mr. Chase guilty of a violation of this
rule? Is he an agent for the prosecution of any
claim pending before Congress ? If so, I ask, what
claim is it? Is it any claim which has been re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims? or which,
under the rules of the House, should be referred
to that committee? This will not be asserted.
He is nothing more or other than an agent to fur-
ther the application of Colt for the extension of
his patent. This, it seems to me, is not a claim,
nor of the nature of a claim, in the technical or any
other proper sense of that term. There is nothing
of a claim about it. He solicits a favor by private
legislation in his behalf. Hethrows himself upon
the bounty, the liberality of Congress. A claim
is defined to be a demand of right,a title, an author-
itative requirement. Of any of these there is noth-
ing in the case before us. The case of this appli-
cation presents a question of public policy, not lees
than one of private advantage. If it be said that
the case is within the spit-it of the rule, 1 may well
concede it, without admitting the propriety of
punishing an individual who has not found it,and
cannot find it in the letter; and I feel quite conn-
dent that but few members of this House could
be found to dismiss Mr. Chase solely upon this
ground. The most that should be done in such a
case would be to amend the rule, and leave noth-
ing to construction or in doubt hereafter.^
I submit to the House, therefore, that it will be
wise to retrace our steps, and commit the whole
subject to theCommittee on the Judiciary; and for
this purpose to reconsider the resolution as pro-
posed by my friend from New York, [Mr. Peck-
ham.]
One word more, and I am done. I have n©
