THE CONGRESSIONAL
-Tift
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,
   
■.-te-c-vv"'
Sjsrues
,33d Coxgress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1855.
New
receive salaries, rather than be dependant upon
- the fluctuating fees of their office.
- {This speech will be found in the Appendix.]
. Mr. CHANDLER. After the abie remarks
from the honorable gentleman, who has, at differ-
ent times, presented this bill to the House, it is,
■perhaps, unnecessary for me to trespass on their
time (jy attempting to enforce upon members
further arguments.
, When 1 entered Congress, this was one of the
duties that 1 prescribed to myself, to correct, not
the diplomatic, but the consular laws of the
country; to devise some ways and means by which
the evils that surrounded these offices should be
lessened, and the injustice that was flowing from
them should be corrected.
It is most true, Mr. Speaker, that it is desirable
that every consul of the United States should be,
as far as possible, entirely removed from all direct
intercourse with commerce. His position brings
him in continued intercourse with gentlemen in
the pursuits of mercantile business, and they
have, of necessity, to make known to him the
results of their plans, by which he is so informed
•of all proceedings at his own port that he may
take advantage of it for his own benefit. Such
. has been the prevalence of this custom, sir, that
at many of the ports of Europe—some of them,
certainly—merchants have been compelled to send
their merchandise round from one port to another,
in order that their manifestoes may be seen and
certified by consuls unconnected with trade. My
knowledge does not extend to the minutisc of mer-
cantile business, but I understand, for example,
that some merchants in Ireland send their goods
rouKd to Liverpool for shipment rather than present
their manifestoes to a brother merchant engaged
in the same business, who might take advantage
' of their purchases or of their neglect, and know-
ing what they were going to send, might inform
the masket at home to his own advantage, so that
his knowledge of their proceedings would work
to the injury of the other merchants.
It is also true that the fact that our consuls live
on the fees of their offices, has induced some of
them to enlarge those fees by means not creditable
to them, and mortifying to Americans, that they
may live the better. Those who have traveled in
Europe of late have had cause to mourn this state
of things, and those who have seen consuls in
large ports at a distance from the political capital
of the country, undergoing the odium brought
upon them by a different class of consuls, have
been compelled, not only to be mortified for those
erring consuls, but to fee! a deep sympathy for
those who are willing to sustain, with their own
honor;, tie honor and credit of their country.
. There is a class of men who seek these appoint-
ments, not only for the direct fees of the offices,
asd that they may levy small taxes upon their
countrymen abroad, but that they may take charge
of some three or four hundred sailors a year, make
bills against them, and transfer ihem to the State
Department for payment, with all the advantage
of the drafts, and of the percentage on those uraus,
and with all the advantage of enlarging their own
charges by certifying to their own bills, and draw-
ing upon their own credit.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, (interrupting.) If the
gentleman will aliow me now to move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the special
order, he will retain the floor, and will be able to
conclude his remarks some other time. If he will
give way, I will submit that motion.
Mr. CHANDLER.. I do so cheerfully, if it
will promote the progress of business.
The question was taken on Mr. Breckinridge's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Hendricks in the chair.)
texas debt bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The business before the
committee is the special order, being Senate bill
(No. 96) to provide for the payment of such
creditors of the late Republic of Texas as are com-
prehended in the act of Congress of September 9,
1850. Unless, by unanimous consent, the first
reading of the bill be dispensed with, the Clerk
will proceed to read the bill throughout.
Mr. KERR. I hope the reading will be dis-
pensed with by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOWE. I object.
The Clerk then read the bill in exienso, and pro-
ceeded to read by sections, with the view to amend-
ment.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE took the floor.
Mr. SMYTH, of Texas. Is it now in order,
Mr. Chairman, to have read my substitute for this
bill? If it be in order, I desire to move to strike
out all after the enacting clause of the bill,and in-
sert a substitute.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would say to
the gentleman from Texas that he is informed by
the Clerk that it is understood the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman was offered in the House,
and is now attached to the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, (the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge;,] having
yielded the floor for the purpose,) delivered a
speech on the subject of the naturalization laws,
which will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE then took the floor,
and addressed the committee in explanation of the
provisions of the bill, and in advocacy of its pas-
sage, showing, by facts and arguments, that the
United States would have ultimately to pay not
only the principal involved, bsit also a great accu-
mulation of interest, unless this bill were now
passed for a final settlement. Mr. B's. remarks
are withheld for revision, and will be found in the
Appendix.
Mr. SMYTH, of Texas, made a speech of an
hour's length in support of the substitute hereto-
fore offered by him for the bill. lie explained
that this substitute required the Secretary of the
Treasury, at any time after the first day of Feb-
ruary next, to issue to the State of Texas such
portion of the stock mentioned in the proviso to
the fifth article of the first section of the act pro-
posing to the State of Texas the establishment of
her northern and western boundaries, the relin-
quishment by the State of all territory claimed by
h^j exterior to said boundaries, and of all her
claims upon the United States, and the establish-
ment of a territorial government for New Mexico,
approved September 9, 1850, as shall be equiva-
lent in amount to the releases of the claims against
the United States, which shall be then filed at the
Treasury, as in said article provided; and in like
manner, from month to month, to issue said stock
equivalent to such like releases as may be there-
after filed, until the whole of the stock reserved by
said article shall be exhacisted; the sums of said
| stock issued to the State of Texas under the pro-
j visions of this section in all cases to be equivalent
: in amount to the sums paid by the State ill stock
j| or money in the discharge of the debts or liabili-
11 ties for which releases are filed.
[This speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The first section
of the bill, I believe, is now open for amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. JONES. I move to amend that section by
striking out the words " eight millions five hun-
dred," and inserting the words " six millions five
hundred and fifty."
Mr. CELL. I ask the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to give way for a short time. I am desir-
ous of saying something upon the bill; and as
I the debate closes at three o'clock, this is the only
opportunity I shall have.
Mr. JONES. I should be very happy to ac-
commodate the gentleman, but I wish to say
| something myself.
i Mr. BELL. I have not troubled the House
before upon any occasion.
Mr. JONES. 1 should be willing to accommo-
date the gentleman, but, as the debate closes in
half an hour, I cannot.
Mr. BELL. I appeal to the gentleman. 1
have not occupied half ail hour of the time of' the
House since I have been a member of it. :
Mr. JONES. I will give the gentleman a part
of my time, but I prefer to go on with what I nave
to say now.
Mr. Chairman, the amendment which I propose
will, if adopted, appropriate the amount of the
$5,000,000 of bonds now in theTreasury, up to the -
1st of January next, with six percent, premium—
that being the amount of premium now being paid
by the Government for stock of this character
which is being presented for payment. . ,
The bill provides that $8,500,000 shall be ap-
propriated and distributed among the creditors of
Texas, provided that they shall, in consideration
of such payment, release the Government of the
United States from the entire debt which they now
claim the Government is liable for. Now, sir, if
I could believe that this Government, by their
action with regard to Texas, had assumed these
debts, or made themselves liable for the payment,
I would vote most cheerfully to pay an amount
out of the United States Treasury sufficient to pay
the liabilities; for, sir, I wish that the Government
shall deal justly, fairly, honorably,and honestly,
with all persons, and that they shall discharge, to
the last dollar, all the liabilities for which they are
legally bound.
The ground upon which this appropriation is
based, is the assumption that, by the annexation
of Texas, and by her incorporation into the Union,
and by the act of 1850, proposing to settle the
boundaries between her and the Territories of the
United States; by those various acts, we have
virtually and legally assumed upon ourselves the
liabilities of Texas, and particularly, say gentle-
men, that portion of it for which the customs rev-
enue of Texas was pledged.
Mr. Chairman, 1 cannot perceive, I have been
unable to see, how the debt of Texas, for which
her customs revenue was pledged, is of any higher
grade or of any more binding force upon Texas
or upon this Government, than the debt for which
she had pledged her faith. When this or any
other Government, in my opinion, pledges its
faith for the payment of a debt, the amount of
money included within that pledge is all of its
resouices, whether derived from customs, direct
taxes, or property. Then, sir, if I am right in
that, we are no more bound to that portion of the
debt fof which the custom-house receipts were
pledged than for all the balance of it.
But it is argued that Texas, under the annex-
ation resolution, having transferred her custom-
houses and custom dues to this Government,1 after
having previously pledged them to the payment
of certain debts and liabilities which she had cre-
ated, those debts and liabilities follow the transfers
into the hands of the Government of the United
States. Sir, I understand it to" be one of the
clearest principles of law, that when an individual
being m debt sells his property to*a third party,
if it is a bona fide transaction, in which the pur-
chaser pays a sound price, then there is no liabil-
ity or responsibility upon the purchaser for the
debts of the person from whom he purchased the
property unless—suggests my friend from South
Carolina [Mr. Boyce]—it be mortgaged. Sir, I
ask if this Government can mortgage a thing that
is not in existence? Could Texas mortgage a
thing that was not in existence? Can an individ-
ual mortgage a thing which is not in existence?
Now, were the custom-house dues of Texas in
existence, could she sell the d uties of the next year?
.Why, sir, she was engaged in a struggle with the
country-from which she had separated herself for
her very existence. Suppose that that Government
had made a conquest of Texas, where would have
been her sovereignty ? Where would have been
her faith? Where would have been her custom-
houses? Where would have been her power to
levy duties? Would not all the resources of that
Republic have passed into the hands of Mexico ?
Then, sir, again, suppose that Texas .had re-
mained independent, and had repealed her cus-
tom-house laws, and had resorted to direct taxa-
tion, or the disposal and sale of the public lauds
