1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from circulation, and a specie currency substituted
for it, exact his charge of five hundred dollars
with interest thereon, for the meal so furnished
and charged ? No court on earth would have
enforced the charge for this amount. It would
have ascertained the standard at which this cur-
rency was valued in the transaction, and give*that
Value in the new and improved currency.
Again, if the Government issued that currency
at a standard of value greatly below the specie
Standard, it would Justly and fairly comply with
its contract by ascertaining the true standard of
value at which its currency was issued, and com-
ply with the contract in accordance with that
standard. The idea that the Government should
abandon the real value at which its securities were
issued, and adopt the nominal rate, was altogether
- Utopian. If the Government of the United States
had done this, the immense weight of its debts
would have paralyzed, if it had not crushed, the
Republic in its infancy. With a currency depre-
ciated at the rate of one thousand dollars to one
dollar, a bushel of corn would have cost five hun-
dred dollars, and all other supplies have rated m
that proportion. A nominal debt so vast, if con-
verted into a real one, never would have been
discharged. The fathers of the Republic did not
attempt it; but with thorough honesty and perfect
fairness, they went to work to ascertain, on equi-
table principles, the real standard of value at which
their obligations were contracted, and, in good
faith, redeem them at that standard.
This is precisely what Texas has attempted to
do, and these the principles she has sought to
adopt in the adjudication and payment of her pub-
lic debt. By an act of her Legislature, passed the
20th of March, 1848, the auditorial boaid was di-
rected to cause six months' notice, by publication
in the piincipal newspapers of the State, and sev-
eral ot^extensive circulation in other States of the
Union, requiring all persons having cltiims or de-
mands against the late Republic of Texas, to pre-
sent them for adjudication, and jointly to receipt,
under their seals of office, for claims so presented,
setting forth the par value thereof at the time the
same accrued, or were issued. The board was
further instructed to report such classification of
the different liabilities, as they might deem best
calculated to preserve the rights of the {State and
do equity to the holders of the claims—and this
action of the board to be reported to the people's*
representatives, foi their appioval, modification,
or change, as the case might be. The officers to
whom was intrusted the execution of the respon-
sible and laborious duties prescribed under this
law, were chosen with reference to their capa-
bility, integrity, and thorough acquaintance with
the history, character, and condition of the public
debt. The duty was performed by them with
lideliry and zeal, and with decided ability; but
from the complicated character of the debt, and
the circumstances under which the securities some-
times issued, it was found impossible to pievent
some individual cases of gieat hardship, and
injustice in the rate of scale adopted. Cut it is
conceived that the mode and manner of redress
guarantied in the law to these individual cases of
hardship, were ample for the purposes *>f justice,
and it was expected and required by the people
of Texas, that their representatives should scru-
pulously guard the State against the imputation of
wrong or injustice, by respecting the suggestions
of the auditorial board bearing upon these cases,
made from time to time, and by supervising ny
acts with a view of rendering justice where it had
been unavoidably withheld.
On this subject I cannot more clearljr or satis-^
factorily define, before this body, the position ot
the State which I have the honor in part to rep-
resent, and my own, than by employing language
used by me on a prior occasion before the Legis-
lature in reference to it:
(( Although we may not hope to meet with an entire una-
nimity ot sentiment, as to the mode which should 'coadopt-
ed, sfii1, it i- MtevpJj that one can he agreed upon which
will commend itself hy its equity and libei.il spirit, not
oni> to our cni/.ens, hut to the world at large. The plan
prescribed by the act of March 20, J843, foi the ai-ceitaia-
ment of tue amount and the clarification of our liabilities,
is probably the bc>t that could have been devised, and the
mod-", of scnlm? those liabilities to their actual value at the
penudd At which they weie mcutred. cannot, m my judg-
ment, !"-* obnoxious to the shghtestimpatanori of nntairneos
or intu-siite. For a State juM emerging irorn the tfarn.d
trountVc and dith-'ulue^ of a protracted revolutionary fetrug-
gle, and involved in an immense amount of pecuniary obli-
gation*:, to assume, ill good faith, the payment of every
dollar, the value of which s>h«j received, or was expended
for her beuetit, is placing herself in a nioial attitude upon*
which her citizens may "look with pride and pleasure.
' The idca'whlch seems to be entertained by some,and
those, too, of enlarged minds and large ex periencein matters
of political economy, that our debt should be paid accord-
ing to the figures presented on its lace, vvnhout any regard
to tl^tj value of those ligures Jt the time it was cieated, bus
its origin, I humbly conceive, it not in individual gam, at
least in a desire lor moral lame^wlnch leaps over the bourni-
, anes prescribed by the ethics of tins uulnuuau age. 1 have
said on another occasion, that the Stale is bound to pay
ever> dollar which she justly owes, but neitliei good taitn
nor the mos>t fasndiou^ conception oi morality requires her
to do moie.'7 With this declaration ot my opuuon of the
subject before them, the people of Texas have honored uie j
with then confidence, by piaeing me m the position I now
occupy 5 audi itgaid it as a eoncurienee on their part in
that opinion. The only question hien is,' as to the a^cei-
tainment ot the amount winch the State does justly owe,
and this, I presume, will be sau.-iaetonly aruved at by the
mode which ha1* been pursued, in eutrymg it into practical
opeiation, however, I would earnestly lecommend mat
the inObt liberal principles be invoked, *o that mere shall
be no pietc.xt lor cnatging tn«u the dtate hu* not done lull
justice toher ciechiors, as lar a« her means would permit."
"When Texas entered this Union, she entered it
a sovereign State, equal m political rights, and in
honor, to any other .State in the Union. To have
entered on any other terms, would have been a
violation of the fundamental principles of the Gov-
ernment, insulting to Texas, and discreditable to
the otner States; lor to have received, as an equal,
one inferior in rights and honor, would reflect
discreuit upon ail. Texas, by becoming a mem-
ber of the Union, suriendeied no light, and never
sought to absolve herself from any obligation
winch rested on her as a State. Sue hay at no
period of ner history, encouraged the idea of repu-
diating her just debt. -But she has always retained
the right to judge whether or not a chum preferred
against her was a just one, m whole or in part.
Having been tutored, in her early days of tiial, to
waik alone, or, if fallen in the dust, to rise again
without any kind or motheily assistance—having
learned to brave, single-handed, "the battle and
the breeze;" to go forth like the messenger-bird
amid.st the sunshine and the storm, without a
friendly perch, and with no companion but that
beautiful song-bird of the heart, '•Mope"—s>he
lias at no subsequent period been reluctant to
assume the custody of her own sovereignty and
honor. She was fully contented to judge of her
own obligations, and no power on eaith save her
own has the right to review or leverse her judg-
ment. Standing heie i.s one of her represent-
atives, however inferior 1 may be to many gentle-
men on this floor, m txperimce, and talents, i yet
claim a pioud equality of representative right with
the best and wisest of them. And i shall always
deny, as I have heretofore denied, the i ight of th>s
Government to mteilere in the debts or domestic
alltnrs of Texas, as fully as I would deny her
right to mterffcie with the debts and domestic con-
cerns of any other memoer of the Union.
Cut while i deny this right on the part of the
Federal Government to interfere with the affairs
of Tex.is, yet as the legislation of Congress and
Texas in i elation to her debt has assumed—with
the consent of the latter—somewhat the form of a
convenient bargain, and further legislation become
necessity, I will t.dveit briefly to tue debtand the
effect ot legislation on Ku a editors.
When Texas passed the act of 1848, she had
passed thiough her ievolutionary Struggle, and
justice to hei creditors lequjictl her to make an
arrangement for the asccitamm^nt and discharge
of her obligations. Cut she was well aware that
a new sta?e of commerce and of currency had
commenced v/ithin her borders. The old depre-
ciated currency and the seem Hie? or her revolu-
tion were about to give place to a currency raised
to the specie standaid. ller obligations, con-
tracted in a currency £.>r below the specie stand-
ard, were to be adjusted at specie iates. She was
then at the first step to a fair and honorable
adjustment, to ascertain the standard vaiue at
winch her obligations were mcuired. It was
obvious that a dollar in Texas treasury notes
was a far different thing from a dollar in specie.
Both are called dollars, but their standards of
value are entirely different. This may be illus-
trated by a reference to the currency of Russia.
Russia has her silver ruble, and her paper ruble.
Both are rubles, but the standaids are diffeient.
The silver ruble is worth three shillings and two
pence sterling. The paper ruble is worth less
than a shilling sterling. The creditor who made
a contract in rubles at the value of the paper
ruble-, and then claims that he should be paid in
the vaiue of the silver ruble, would"expose him-
self to the imputation of injustice, and the debtor
insisting he should be paid at the-value.of the
paper ruble, would only insist on a fair and just
payment. So in the caseofTexas—her securities
were received and paid at a standard of value
below the specie dollar. To insist that the pay-
ment should be made at the standard of value at
which the securities issued, is only insisting on
| that which is sanctioned by justice and fairness.
| To insist that the standard value should Be the
specie standard, was to place the contract on a
basis entirely different from that on which it was
formed, and one which would be onerous and
oppressive.
The propriety of permitting this was for the
judgment ot Texas as a sovereign State. She
alotie had the ri^htfo determine whether she would
hold her creditors to the fair and just standard of
the value of the cuirency in which her debts were
contracted, or permit them to be settled at a nom-
inal rate, onerous and oppressive to her. The au-
thorities of Texas, fully sustained by the peo-
ple, adopted the first alternative; and, by so doing:,
( will, it is hoped, ultimately attain every end of
! justice and liberality. Appeals have already been
i made, in some cases, to her Legislature, and pro-
' vision made to relieve them from the injustice
which had temporarily been done in some of these
special cases.
When Texas passed the act above referred to,
the only means to discharge this debt was her
unappropriated public domain. These constituted
an ample futuVe fund, but one which was not at
that time available.
The Congress of the United States, deeming it
important to procure from Texas the cession of
her territory now within the limits of New Mex-
ico, passfcd an act by which she offered to Texas,
; in consideration of such cession, $10,000,000, pay-
j able in a stock bearing interest at five per centum,
: and redeemable in fourteen years. This offer was
i not sought by Texas, but was voluntarily made
| by the United States. Tt was accompanied by a
j proviso, that not more than $5,000,000 should be
, issued until the creditors of Texas, holding bonds,
| or certificates of stock, for which duties on imports
j wete specially pledged, should first file, at the
' Treasury of the United States, releases of all
i claims against the United States.
1 The consideration of this payment was the
\[ agreement, on the part of Texas, to transfer a
j, portion of her northwestern territory to the Uni-
ij ted S.ates However much some persons may
i; have been disposed to question this right, the act
'itself puis (he subject*at rest. The voluntary
! and unsolicited offer of the Government to pay
i $10,000,000 to procure the release of Texas, is full
< evidence that valuable consideration for this act
! passed from her. But it passed, coupled with the
j unfortunate proviso, that $5,000,000 of this stock
, should not be issued until the claims of all the
j creditors of Texas should first be released.
J Texas, for the purpose of procuring the means
jj to do justice to all her creditors, and put an end
I to controversies which existed with some of them,
!i gave her assent to this act. But the unfortunate
!i proviso above alluded to has, so far, defeated this
II object. 1 had the honor to be intrusted, at thi3
j j lime, with the chief executive magistracy of Texas,
ji To enable me, in the discharge of my duty, to lay
[j the entire subject before the Legislature,! dis-
j; patched the intelligent and able gentleman who
jj held the office of comptroller to Washington, to
j: ascertain the views of the Government on several
I questions arising frorr^his act. The comptroller
| of Texas addressed a Tetter to the Secretary of the
j I Treasury, asking: his views on this question,
i; which letter, with the reply of the Secretary, I
] > ask may be lead.
![ From the reply of the Secretary to the first
;, three questions, that to ascertain the character and
l' amount of the debt, the Department demanded
[. copies of all the laws, and fac similes of the stock
ii issued, and all facts connected with the creation
'' of the present debt; and from these and other
sources the amount and character of the debt was
to be ascertained.
It is obvious that the Secretary, by this course,
intended to assume the power to reexamine and
review the audit made by Texas of her own debt.
No such power was conferred by the act of Con-
gress, and such a power could not be exercised
