590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
unless Texas submitted to the most humiliating
violation of her rights as a sovereign State. And
if she had so submitted, it would have established
a precedent fraught with dangler to the rights of
every State in the Union.
To the fourth question the Secretary replies,
that, although the amount for which the revenues
are pledged be less than $5,000,000, yet until all
such claims are surrendered, no portion of the
$5,000,000 can be given up.
To the fifth question he replies: If Texas saw
proper to pay any portion of the debt for which
the Government import duties were pledged out
of the money in her possession, no portion of the
stock retained could be issued to her, unless
releases of all her creditors were filed.
When these inquiries were proposed to the
Secretary of the Treasury, it was my desire to
recommend to the Legislature of Texas to take
prompt measures for the ascertainment of all her
liabilities; paying at the scaled rates all those who
should justly be paid at those rates, and affording
proper relief, by k*fclaiive action, to those who were
equitably entitled to a higher rate of payment. The
construction given-, however, by the Secretary to
this law rendered this impossible. The stocks of
the Treasury of the United States were due to
Texas for the relinquishment of her claim, and
were, therefore, the property of Texas.
In order to procure her own funds, it was not
to be expected that the State would consent that
the Secretary of the Treasury and his clerks should
become a court of appeals to revise or to review the
settlement which Texas chose to make with her
creditors; and even if she submitted to this hu-
miliation, it would only have proved a snare, by
which the creditors having the least meritorious
claims would enforce the highest payment; be-
cause every debt paid by Texas would diminish
the amount due, and increase the proportion of the
fund for the unpaid claims, for which stock would
be delivered to Texas until every creditor had
released. Those whose claims were least merito-
rious, by refusing to file releases, were assuming
to themselves a larger fund and a higher rate of
payment, which would exceed those who were
willing to settle on just and equitable terms.
Texas has, therefore, refused to assent to the
construction of the act as given by the Secretary
of the Treasury, and to enter into any general
payment of this class of her creditors. She has,
out of the $5,000,000 already received, provided
for the payment of >'.11 of that portion of her for-
eign ana domestic debt which was not secured by
the revenue pledge, in the settlement of which the
same rule of adjustment was observed as has been
in relation to the debt which tks bill now under
consideration proposes to meet; and I can say,
from personal knowledge, that the adjustment so
made was satisfactory to all of this class of claim-
ants. This should be regarded as the best com-
mentary on the justness of the action of the State.
If the soldier who periled his all is satisfied with
the award thus made, surely those who v.-ere not
participants in the struggle, but simply holders of
her liabilities as a matter of traffic and speculation,
should not complain on receiving, by the action of
the State, an unusually large dividend on their
investments.
As an evidence that Texas is disposed to act in
good faith in the settlement of her debt, she has
appropriated the five millions already received
from the United States, under the boundary act of
September 9, 1850, to the payment of that por-
tion of her liabilities, which that act did not, by
its provisions, seem to take the guardianship and
centrol of; and she is still, and always has been,
willing to use the remaining five millions now in
the Treasury to the payment of the debt which
this bill contemplates providing for; but she has
been unable to control and direct its use, thus
showing no disposition, either in the past or at pre-
sent, to avoid a strict fulfillment of what she con-
ceives to be her justajid legal obligations as regards
the discharge of her entire revolutionaVy debt.
I have deemed it to be my duty to make these
explanations of the course pursued by the State.
They are fully sustained by the laws she has
passed relative to her debt, and by the public
records of the country. I come now to a material
point in the history of the public debt of Texas, in
relation to which there has not only existed essen-
tial errorj but gross misrepresentation. It has
been sought in certain quarters to fix upon her the
"charge of repudiation. If Texas was, indeed, vul-
nerable, or at ail sensitive on this pojnt, I might
well seek shelter for her under the examples of
the history of other nations, however instructive
and apposite they may be. I know of no instance
on record of a nation paying its revolutionary
debt at par. In illustration of this fact, the case
of our own country already referred to—of France,
England, Spain, Portugal, and even debt-paying
Germany, may justly be cited. Even with the
greatest civilized Powers in Europe, a quasi repu-
diation of a war debt has very frequently occurred
by issuing a deferred stock, greatly and essentially
reducing the interest, and in the same ratio dimin-
ishing the market value of tbeprincipal—borne on
the face of the scrip. But in no proper sense of
the term has Texas repudiated her public debt.
It can be shown that, except m cases of unavoid-
able accident or mistake, she has sought honestly
to pay to each creditor the amount he advanced or
paid for her in the cause of her revolution, when
struggling against the greatly superior power of
Mexico.
It may be proper here to give a brief analysis of
her debt, which the bill before the House proposes
to meet. It can be succinctly stated as being
comprehended in four classes;
First. Those who hold the promissory notes of
the late Republic.
Second. Those who hold funded debt bonds,
bearing an interest of eight or ten per cent.
Third. Eight per cent, bonds, originally issued
as a currency, and thrown on the market for
whatever they would bring, or disbursed from the*
treasury at their market value.
Fourth. Bonds on which the Republic of Texas
procured materials ef war, and obtained money.
I will here introduce a statement, showing the
public debt of the late Republic of Texas:
First. The debt not secured by a pledge of import
duties:
Amount in the State treasury on the 31st
October, 1833 $3,90S,301 91
Amount ot inn-iot due on the United Hmics
bonds iu [tie treasuiv, frum 1st or January
to alst Oaotwr, leOU  H8,D;8 33
$447,308 33
ijf4,114,200 27
From which drrtuet amount of public debt
unpaid for which unconditional appropria-
tions inive been made §34<?,6e5 08
Balance due on appropriations lor
the suppoit uf llie citato, yet to
be drawn  97,623 27
Leaving iu the treasury, Octobir ;H, \r:>'■>,
after pajiiiem of llie amounts, nppropnated,
a balance of. §3,000,9.11 93
Secondly. The revenue, or preferred debt:
United Statoaf> percent, bond* due the titate
by tin; Federal Government    §5,000,000 00
From which deduct amount ot first class
revenue claim;', with interest oiibame, and
on ri'venuo di lit, and conditionally pio-
vidod for by the act of the Le«it-lslure of
Texas, amounting in Hie agyreyate to  3,242,130 96
Leaving due the Stat" from that source, after
paying the debt and interest thereon  1,757,879 04
The balance in the treasmy on the 31-jt Octo-
ber, 1833, under first head $3,600,951 92
Balance remaining in the United WtatesTreaa-
ury, after payiny the revenue debt, leeyg-
mzed and conditionally appropriated lor,
under souoiid liead     1,757,879 01
Leaving due (he State, after paying the debt
audited and reeognued, a balance of....... $5,424,H30 96
I shall give my individual support to this bill.
As a Representative of Texas, I cannot pledge her
to any course of action.
The bill is respectful in its language and charac-
ter. It proposes a settlement dilTerent in many
respects from the one proposed by Texas, yet 1 am
willing to submit the question for her reconsider-
ation. Do not suppose that this young sister in
your Confederacy can rest content under the charge
of repudiates. They are your people—sprang
from your loins—emulate your reputation, and
have added to the renown of the American artns,
by a revolution glorious in its history—signalized
by victories of surpassing splendor, and by suffer-
ings and sacrifices of unexampled intensity, and
they have added to this Union a realm of incalcu-
lable extent and value—a population valiant and
invincible, enterprising and industrious, defending
a country and. tilling a soil quickened into an
exhau&tless fertility, which will add countless
millions for countless ages to come, to the wealth,
strength, glory, and renown of our common
country.
During the delivery of Mr, Bell's speech, the
following interruption occurred: .
'She CHAIRMAN. Under the order of the
House, general debate must cease, it being now
tiir66 o'clock
Mr. .BRECKINRIDGE. I do not propose' to
avail myself of the privilege to which I am entitled
of occupying an hour in closing the debate. I have
already occupied as much time as I ought to do,
and, if it be the sense of the House, I would" be
glad to allow gentlemen, both the friends and the-
opponents of the measure, to consume my time in
the expression of their opinions. If the committee
will allow me, I should be perfectly willing to
allow the gentleman from Texas to proceed with
his remarks for fifteen minutes, ana then allow
any gentleman opposed to the bill an equal por-
tion of time 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman from Kentucky as yielding the floor
to the gentleman from-Texas, [Mr.Bell?]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If the committee con-
sent, I am willing that the gentleman from Texas
should be allowed fifteen minutes of my time.
Mr. BIDDINGS, of Ohio. I should like to
understand this arrangement. I object to any
other gentleman but thegentleman from Kentucky
occupying the floor unless this side of the House
can have one half of the time.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky claim the floor.
Mr. BRECKINR1DGE. I do claim the floor;
and I assure the gentleman from Ohio, and other
gentlemen, that I desire to act with perfect fair-
ness in this matter. The gentleman from Texas
[Mr. Bell] has peculiar personal relations to Ujis
subject; and I was willing, if the committ^fe were
so disposed, to give him a part of my time. I
would be perfectly willing, also, to yield the floor
to any opponent of the bill.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky must know that he cannot himself yield the
floor in this way; but if the committee, by a vote,
agree to the proposition of the gentleman, then I
am perfectly satisfied.  
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I am willing that the whole
time should be divided in ten or fifteen minutes;
but I am not willing that two gentlemen should
take up all the time.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
North Carolina object to the proposition of the
gentleman from Kentucky ?
Mr. CL1NGMAN. 1 do not object to it; but
I do object to two gentlemen taking up the time,
to the exclusion of myself and others. I am will-
ing, if the gentleman will confine the time allowed
to gentlemen to ten or fifteen minutes each; and if
the floor is awarded to the gentleman who may
first catch the eye of the Chairman, then I am
willing to consent to the proposition of the gen tie-
man from Kentucky.
The CHAIRMAN. As no further objection
is made, the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Bell]
will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. BfiLL then concluded his remarks.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I now yield to tha
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddincs.]
{'he CHAfRM AN. Por how long" ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. For ten or fifteen
minuter.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. T rise to a ques-
tion of order. Does the Chair hold that it is com-
petent for the gentleman from Kentucky to yield
to others for debate any portion of his time-?
The CHAIRMAN. The committee unani-
mously agreed that the gentleman from Kentucky
should thus yield his time.
Mr. STUART. I do riot think the agreement
was unanimous. I objected to the arrangement.
Mr. GIDD1NGS, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I
nave long held an official relation to the subject
before us. Twelve years since, I was one of
twenty-two members who, from this .Hall, issued
an address to the people of the free States, assur-
ing them that designing politicians, those who
advocated the ctermzation of slavery, were plot-
quietly plotting, the annexation of Texas.
We foretold the war, the conquest, the devasta-
tion, the corrupting influence, the strifes, which
that policy introduced, and with which it hag been
followed. The address waa first signed by John
