1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
599
seventy years, have been worthless. The hold-
ers have, many of them, died in poverty. Their
children, and their grandchildren, yet hold our
obligations, and many are in want of the money
to support themselves. But we refuse to pay
them; we repudiate the debts due our own people
for services in our Revolution, and then tax the
* children of those whom we have thus defrauded
to pay the revolutionary debt of Texas. Sir, this
is called American statesmanship. I protest
against this injustice—this dishonorable injustice
to our own citizens} while we take their money to
pay the debt of a foreign State. This whole sub-
ject of annexation, and the management by which
we have involved our people in the debt of Texas,
constitutes a page in the history of our legislation
from which 1 turn with feelings bordering upon
indignation and disgust.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. I desire to submit some
remarks upon the subject of this bill.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The gentleman from
North Carolina, I believe, is in favor of the bill.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. There have been two or
three speeches made against it.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Oh, 1 will give the
gentleman the floor. But 1 desire first to say, that
i hope the committee wiil recollect that this is the
only day set apart for the consideration of this
bill as a special order. I am, therefore, extremely
desirous that the committee should dispose of it
in some way or other. I will, therefore, yield to
the gentleman from North Carolina for ten min-
utes, and then close the debate without yielding
further.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will not occupy the at-
tention of the committee more than five or six
minutes. The gentleman over the way from
Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] stated that he was j
not here when the act of 1850 was passed, and ]
was not responsible for that act. 1 unfortunately
occupied a position like that of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Giddikgs.] We were among those
who were run over by the majority of the House.
[Laughter.] But, sir, although I opposed the bill,
and voted against it, I still hold myself responsible
to carry out its provisions. I call the attention of
the gentleman to one fact, which I think has an
important bearing upon the question. I admit
that I was strongly prejudiced against this claim.
It was only carried through the House after a
* struggle of five or six months. I was the only
southern Whig who voted against the bill,
although 1 had twenty-nine southern Democrats
to stand with me. But, nevertheless, 1 have ex-
amined the,claim now presented, and [havecome
to the conclusion that we are legally liable for
it. I believe there is not a court of justice in the
country that would not decide, in a similar case
between individuals, that there was liability. By
the terms of the annexation of Texas to the
United States, it was agreed that she should
retain her public lands to pay her debt. We were
a, party to that agreement. In 1850, our Gov-
ernment bought a large amount of that land.
* We not only took the Santa Fc country—and,
by the by, l,in common with all the members
from the South, voted that Texas had a good title
to that—but we purchased all that country which
lies at the head waters of the Canadian and other
tributaries of the Arkansas, to which the title of
Texas was undoubted, and which, according to
the statements of explorers, is one of the finest
countries m the world. That tract of country
contains forty or fifty thousand square miles, as
near as I can judge from the map, or between
twenty-five and thirty millions of acres, and
would bring a large sum into the Treasury it sold.
Now, gentlemen may tell me that we shall waste
that land—either give it away to pensioners as
bounty, or dispose of it under the homestead meas-
ure. That does not affect the question at all. This
Government has obtained from Texas a very large
body of land—land which we had agieed she should
retain to pay this debt. Well, where was our error (
Gentlemen tell me that we paid $10,000,000 for the
land—a very liberal sum—and so we did. The
error was in not appropriating the $10su00,000
in the first place to pay the debt. If our Govern-
ment had provided for a joint commission between
the United States and Texas to ascertain these
debts and pay them, and had then handed over
the balance to Texas, it would have been right.
But, for example, suppose I buy land mortgaged
to somebody else, that 1 give $1*000 for the land;
understanding that the debt is only $500, and un-
dertaking to pay the debt and relieve the land,
and that 1 afterwards find out that the debt amounts
to $800, am I not bound to pay it? The error
was, that, without providing for the payment of
the debts, we came in ourselves and diminished |
the ability of Texas to pay them. j
Now, 1 admit, Mr. Chairman, that we are not j
liable in the first instance. I believe the rule of I
law is this: If, for example, there were five tracts
of land mortgaged to pay a particular debt, and I
purchased one of them, 1 would not be liable to
pay the debt until the balance of the land had been
exhausted. A court of equity would exempt my
tract until the other land was disposed of, but I
should have an ultimate liability. Well, it* this
were a contest between individuals, the courts
would hold that, if the creditors could not get the
money out of Texas, they might come on us, and
that presents a proper case for a compromise. 1
cannot discharge a debt that is due by paying a
less sum than 1 owe; but if I am liable for a debt
in the future, or, in a certain contingency, I may
pay less than the whole amount to get clear of it; i
and I think that, in this case, we may very well
say to the creditors of Texas, we will pay you
seventy cents m the dollar-—about two millions
more than we agreed to pay—to get clear of the
claim for the balance of the eleven millions. I
have no doubt that the principle is right; that,
having incorporated Texas into the Union, and
having taken her revenue, we are pledged for her
debt so far as that revenue was pledged.
But I understood the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] to say that we put Texas in a better
position, because we now defend her. That is
true; but then there were two sides to the bargain.
Texas, m consequence of this annexation, is now
bound to defend the State of Maine, if that State
is attacked, or the Teiritory of Oregon, or Wash-
ington, on Puget's sound—bound, in short, to pro-
tect every one of the other thirty States; so that,
in point of fact, there is a reciprocity. We have
no right to say to the creditors of Texas that
Texas gained more in strength than she lost. She '
is liable to defend us, and we are liable to detend
her.
These creditors had a valid claim for all her prop-
erty, in fact, and, by the teims of the annexation,
we showed that we were apprehensive about that
matter, for we set apart and reserved a particular
fund to pay the debt; but we have since come m
and taken a part of that fund, and in that situa-
tion of affairs the courts would say that we were
liable.
Well, gentlemen may tell me that Texas will
apply the lands which remain in her possession to
pay the debt; but will she pay it? That is the
question. I do not mean to say anything against
the State of Texas, but, as a matter of fact, will
Texas pay the debt? If she does not, the ultimate
liability will be upon us. The debt is a very heavy
one, and if Texas does not pay it, it will devolve
upon the United States, and ultimately we may
have to pay a much larger sum.
Mr. Chairman, I have not occupied more than
five or six minutes. I intended to be as htief as
I could. I wanted to show the grounds upon
which I place my votes. I have no question at all
about the <0.500,000, because the $5,000,000 of
bonds were to bear five per cent, interest from that
date, and the holders are entitled to have the bonds,
or a-premium in lieu of them. These very bonds
have sold since that time as high as thirteen per
cent, premium. I am told that the Secretary of
the Treasury has paid thirteen percent, premium
on them. Well, if the times get a little easier—
and they will soon become so in the northern cities
 the bonds will probably go up to thirteen per
cent, premium again.
There is no doubt, then, that the creditors are en-
titled to the £6,700,000. The only question is, as to
the balance. Well, there is a debt of §11,000,000
or $12,000,000, for winch I think we are equitably
responsible. I do not hold myself personally re-
sponsible for it, because I voted against the annex-
ation resolution, and against the boundary bill
of 1850, and helped to fight it for six or eight
months. But I think that we have placcd oureelves
in such a position, by our legislation here, that
we shall ultimately be compelled to pay the debt;
and I would rather pay seventy cents on the dollar
now, and get rid of the whole matter. I wiil not
furthtr occupy the attention of the committee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. As the gen-
tleman from North Carolina has not occupied alt
the time allotted to him by the courtesy of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,] I
ask the gentleman from Kentucky to yieid me the
floor for a few minutes.
Mr. BRECKENRIDGE. How much time
does the gentleman want.?
Mr. WASHBURN. Five minutes, if the gen-
tleman pleases.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. It is very hard to
refuse the gentleman,but 1 give notice now that I
will not yield any further. I am willing that the
gentleman from Maine shall take five minutes, and
then 1 will take less than five minutes and close
the debate.
[Cries of " Agreed !" "Agreed!"]
Mr. WASHBURN. With every desire to
support this bill if I could find it consistent with
my duty to do so, I shall be obliged to record my
vote against it; and I desire to state, in a very few
words, the reasons which will constrain me so to
do.
1 see very clearly that we are destined to have
at least four acts in this Texas debt drama. .In
the first place, Texas was annexed by ajoint res-
olution, and it was stipulated expressly that she
should retain her public lands, and pay, all and
singular, her debts. She was bound by that obli-
gation. It cannot be denied that it was an obli-
gation binding and operative upon her.
The consequence of that annexation in the way
in which it was accomplished was, if I am not
mistaken, to increase very largely, and imme-
diately, the value of the debt in the hands of the
creditors. The creditors, then, were not injured,
but were benefited in consequence of the annex-
ation. I have never heard that they objected to
the annexation, or its terms.
Weil, sir, things went on until 1850, and there
was a dispute between Texas and this Government
m reference to the boundary between that-State
and the U nited States. It was believed by a great
many people, perhaps by a majority of the people
of the United States, thatTexashad no just, legal
claim to a single acre in dispute. However that
may have been, it was finally stipulated between
the United States and Texas that she should
receive §10,000,000 for her claim, whatever it may
have been, to the disputed territory, that she should
pay ail her debts, and that this Government should
be forever discharged from the same. Five mil-
lions of dollars were paid direct to Texas, out of
which she should have paid a portion of her
debts, if she knew, as she now alleges, that they
amounted, in the aggregate, to more than the re-
served $5,000,000. And we stipulated—and I
believe, for I have been so informed by those who
ought to know, at the instance and suggestion of
the creditors of Texas; and, if so, they are the last
persons thatshould now take exception to it—that
the other $5,000,000 should be retained for their
advantage and protection. So it was, sir; and we
were, by the terms of this act, to be fully and for-
ever discharged. That was the second act. Now
we have the third; and we are told all round that
j that this is to be afintj settlement and adjustment
j of all matters and subjects in dispute between
Texas and her creditors and the United States.
; There is an opinion prevailing very generally, I
: believe, in this House, that such wiil be the effect
j if this bill passes. 1 think that opinion is not
' well founded. The biildoes not, on the face of it,
! purport to be anything like a release by all the
i creditors of Texas of the United States, or to pro-
i vide for the execution of releases from all. .There
I is a certain class of claims for which, it is said,
the revenues of Texas were pledged, from which,
| in the passage of this bill, we are to be discharged
; by the creditors.
But who are these creditors ? There is a dis-
' pute in regard to them. Mr. Corwin, the late
Secretary of the Treasury, and Mr. Gushing, the
present Attorney General, have notogreeo' entirely
i as to the debts which are embraced in this bill,
i They disagree in their opinion as to who are the
legal revenue creditors of Texas, and each of them
I have rejected some of the claims which, it is in-
' sisted, come within the class of claims intended to
; be provided for. And those creditors who are
I excluded by the reports of the Secretary of the
! Treasury and by the Attorney General, will cer-
I tainly come here after this, and claim that they
i Were secured by the ievenues*of Texas,and that
