1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
entirely and utterly untenable. I have not time
to discuss them both, and, therefore, I proceed
to consider the latter, because, it seems to be the
most s'ror-gly relied on. It is true, that by the
act of 1850 provision is made, that the five mil-
lions stock directed to be applied by that act shall
be retained until the creditors of the State of'Texas
shall release all claims against the United States.
My friend from Kentucky says that this pro-
vision in the act of 1850 is an actual and absolute
admission that these parties held claims against
the Government of the United States, and, that
therefore, these revenue creditors, as he terms
them, have an acknowledged claim against the
Government of the United States. But what was
the transaction in relation to which the actof 1850
was passed ? It was for the purchase of a portion
of the public lands of the State of Texas.
By the terms of the joint resolution annexing
Texas to this Union, it was specifically provided
that the public lands of the State ofTexas, should
constitute a fund to pay the debts, liabilities, and
obligations of that State. The Federal Govern-
ment knew, when they purchased this portion of
the public domain of the State of Texas, that
they took it subject to this lien, outstanding as it
was. It was peifectly competent for the Govern-
ment of the United States, in purchasing a portion
ofthesepublic lands, to stipulate in the terms of the
agreement, that the purchase money, or a part of
it, should be applied to the discharge of these out-
standing obligations, upon the land she acquired
from that State. She may have gone furtherthan
her legal rights warranted, but it was entirely
competent for the United States to ask Texas, as a
part of the terms of the agieement, that she should
apply these funds generally to the discharge of
these debts, or to the discharge of a particular
portion of the debts, or of any particular class of
creditors that Congress might choose to designate.
This Congress did do, and it is all that Congress
did. Out of abundant caution, Congress chose
to recognize a liability so far as the land pur-
chased was concerned, but no further; and it stip-
ulated for the application of a reasonable portion
of the purchase money to the discharge of the
admitted lien upon the purchased land.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Disney] argues that when
the Government of the United States purchased
that portion of the public lands of the State of
Texas, in 1850, which had been pledged for the
payment of the debt due by that State to the citi-
zens of the United States, she became liable, legally
and morally, to pay them, or, as he chose to qualify
it, she chose voluntarily to appropriate a portion
of the purchase money to the payment of a por-
tion of that debt.
, Mr. DISNEY here made a remark, which was
inaudible to the reporter.
Mr. STANTON, (resuming.) If there was
any obligation upon the Government of the United
States, when purchasing the lands of Texas, to
make a stipulation of that kind for the benefit of
the creditors of Texas, when she absorbed thej-
whole revenue power of that State, was there not |j
a similar obligation upon the part of the United <j
Statesfrto provide for that portion of the deht'i
for which the revenues of Texas were pledged ? ;
It seems to me, that if the position of the gentle- j,
man is correct in one case it ought to apply in the
other. I have never taken any part in support of,,
this bill, nor have I ever examined it until the ^
present time. I listened with great interest to the j1
very lucid exposition of the gentleman from Texas, , j
[Mr. Smyth,] and, I must confess, I am thor-
oughly convinced that these claims of the Texas ,!
creditors afford a perfectly fair case for such ai|
compromise as is proposed by this bill. It may \'.
be doubtful whether the Government of the United !'
States is not responsible, to some extent, for the i;
whole $12,000,000. She is certainly responsible
for the fG.500,000. I think it is a fair eompro-;j
mise to pay the amount proposed to be paid in ji
this bill; and, upon that view of the case, I feel ||
myself obliged to vote for it. jj
The question being upon the amendment, |:
Mr. DISNEY withdrew it by unanimous con-1!
sent. Si
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 propose to amend the amend- j i
ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. !,
Jones,] by increasing the amount to $8,400,000. !
I move this amendment, to say a very few words it
upon the bill. I shall vote for the bill; and from ii
the examination which I have made upon this
subject, at the last session of Congress and the
present, aided by the exposition of the distin-
guished gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Breck-
inridge] this morning, I am confirmed m the
opinion that I am right in supposing that the best
thing the Congress of the United States can do, is
to pay this debt as proposed in the bill now before'
the committee.
Mr. Chairman, I voted, in 1850, to pay Texas
the $10,000,000 alluded to in this hill, nnd in
various reports from the Departments upon the
subject. I voted then, by way of compromise
of great national questions, for that payment as j
one of a series of measures, and, sir, a series of
measures which brought about a compromise
highly valuable to the country, and which pro-
duced peace, good feeling, and harmony to the
United States. I do not regret voting for that
compromise; and while my colleague upon the
right [Mr. Giddin«^] thinks we never should
make a compromise, I entertain a very different
opinion, and say I believe the National Legislature
never could do anything with any great national
question of public*policy unless individuals should
occasionally compromise, in some degree, their
fwn opinions. Ho.w could we enact a tariff to
regulate the duties upon imports, if some gentle-
men did not sacrifice something of their private
opinion? or how could the two hundred and thirty-
four members of this House ever agree on any
great subject, unless by compromises?
Now, sir, I look upon the proposition to pay
$8,500,000 to Texas, as proposed in this bill, as
the compromise of a debt which we are bound
to pay by every sanction of honor and national
legislation. It is a mere question of time. The
creditors claim $11,000,000 or $12,0^0,000, but
the United States appropriated $9,000,000 on the
9th February*, 1350, which, with the interest which
has accumulated, now amounts to $6,500,000,
and in 186-1 amounts to #8,500,000. At the end
of fourteen years we shall be constrained to pay
the $5,000,000 with interest, which will amount
to $8,500,000. But if we pay it now, we require
a release to be filed in the Treasury Department,
from all the creditors of Texas, before a cent is jiaul.
And what is the difference to the United Slates,
whether we pay it now or at the end of fourteen,
years? It is a mere compromise, and eminently
favorable, because we now have the money, while
at the end of fourteen years we may not have it
in the Treasury.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman allow me a word ?
Mr. TAYLOR. I cannot, as I have only five
minutes. If the gentleman from Maine will look
to the third section of the bill he will find these
words:
"That no payment shall be made under this act to any !
holder of fratd scouring, or evidence*? of debt, unless the :
paid holder shall fiist execute to the fluted States a receipt j
for the &aid payment, m vhuh said holder shall forever re- !
lease all claim, against the United States and the Stntc of j
Terns for or on account of the said securine.*, or evidences '
of debt; and the said certificates, or other evidence- of'
debt, s-uall then be deported wnh the Trea&ury Depuri- |
mem." * j
Is not that a release ? Is not that a final release j
of the creditors ? And is it not provided, in a sub- I
sequent part of the bill, that Texas shall also ;
release all her claims against the United States?
And if the creditors release, and Texas release, and ;
we pay the debt now, which we are bound to pay ;
in 1864, where is the difficulty? We have here \
a favorable compromise, one which commends j
itself eminently to the good sense and judgment ,
of the Congress of the United Suites. ;
Having examined this subject carefully; hav- !
ing looked at it with the belief that the people of!
the United States are disposed to do justice to the •
creditors of Texas, as well as to themselves, by !
doing what they solemnly bound themselves to do j
in J850, I am disposed to vote for the bill. j
[Here the hammer fell.] j
Mr. PULLER. Mr. Chairman, I am one of j
the remaining few now on this floor, who voted j
for the bill living the $10,000,000 to Texas, in ;
the Thirty-First Congress. I know it was the im- ;
pression at that time, among those who voted for I
the bill, that we gave Texas much more than the |
land she ceded to us was worth. But it was paid !
to settle and adjust a dangerous controversy. j,
I am not now disposed to review that settle- |j
ment and readjust it, whether we voted too much if
or too little. It was satisfactory to all parties at.
the time. I mention this consideration in reply
to the remarks which fell from the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clikgman,] who thinks we
did not pay enough for the land which Texas gave
up in adjusting her boundary.
The point I make is, that Texas, by the act of
annexation, gave up nothing; that her creditors
lost nothing; that the prospects and condition of
her creditors is better now than before annexation
to the United States.
I make this point in answer to the position,
taken by the friends of this bill, that Texas had
pledged especially her revenues arising from cus-
toms to the payment of the claims of her cred-
itors, and that the United States, by assenting to
this annexation, took Texas cum onert, and is
bound to perform her obligations.
In the first place, there can he fto pledge of a
thing not in esse. The pledge of Texas of her
accruing revenue was but a promise to pay the
debt in another form. It amounted to no more
than that. In this respect the pledge of the reve-
nue was quite different from a pledge of her domain.
To these the pledge might well enough attach,
because it was something in existence, something
tangible. Texas is to-day an independent, sov-
ereign State, with the full right of taxation. It is
true, by the act of annexation, she gave up the
right to levy duties on imports. This, ayffiost, is
only depriving herself of one mode of taxation.
She has the power to impose upon her citizens
taxation to discharge her legal dues, which any
other independent Government has, excepting this
one mode.
So the United States cannot raise revenue by
levying duties on exports. But the United State3
Government can resort to any other legitimate
mode of raising revenue. Texas in no way dimin-
ishes her capacity to raise revenue by any other
legitimate mode she may deem proper, provided
she has the disposition. The rights of the cred-
itors are as ample, and the obligations of Texas
as strong to her creditors to-day as they were be-
fore the act of annexation.
Neither can it be said that Texas has rendered
herself less able to discharge her public dues by
the act of annexation. She was relieved by that
act from the expense of supporting an army or
navy to maintain her national existence. Her
resources were increased, and her expenses dimin-.
ished by the act of annexation.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been exhausted
| on the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
j [Mr. Taylor.]
I Mr. GOODE. I move that the committee do
! now rise.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Do not let us
rise now. We had better take a recess.
Mr. GOODE. No. Let the committee rise.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I demand tellers on
the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis, of
Ind'ana, and Bentsont, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to, the tellers having reported—ayes 76,
noes. 70.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that the
Committee of the Whole on thestate of the Union
had had the state of the Union generally under con-
sideration, and particularly the special order, being
Senate bill (No. 96) to provide for the payment of
such creditors of the late Republic of Texss as
are comprehended in the act of Congress of Sep-
tember 9, 1850, and had come to no fesolution
thereon.
REPORTS FROM THE COMMITTEE OI? THE
jaorcrARY.
Mr. MAY. Mr. Speaker, day after to-morrow
has been set apart, by a special order of the
House, for the consideration of business from the
Committee on the Judiciary; and I would now ask
the unanimous consent for leave to members of
that committee to report the bills which they have
prepared, so that they may be printed and laid
before members when they come up for consider-
ation.
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
in the chair.) Is it the unanimous consent of the
House that the gentleman have leave to report
certain bills from the Committee on the Judici-
ary, so that they may be printed, and laid upon
