602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
members' desks when they come up for considera-
tion?
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Maryland, under the unanimous consent of
the House, will now submit his reports from the
Judiciary Committee.
The following bills were then reported, sever-
ally read a first and second time by their titles,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state-of the Union, and ordered to be printed:
• An act to amend an act entitled "An act further
to provide for the collection of duties on imports,"
approved March 3, 1853.
An act to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the punishment of certain crimes against
the United States;" approved April 30, 1790.
An act to crovide for the accommodation of
the courts of the United States in the district of
Maryland, and for a post office in Baltimore city,
Maryland.
Joint resolution for the purchase of one hun-
dred and eighty copies of Alden's Index to the
Decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I have also several reports
•which I desire to make from the Committee on
the Judiciary. They are bills which I wish to
have referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union and printed, that they may
be ready to be taken up and disposed of when the
business of that committee comes up as a special
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. They will be
received if there be no objection.
Mr. KNOX. I object.
Mr. MAY. I distinctly asked leave for all the
members of the Committee on the Judiciary to
report.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair dt*J
not so understand the gentleman, and only put
the question to the House for leave for the gen-
tleman from Maryland himself to report. The
Chair hopes, however, that no objection will be
made to the other members of the Judiciary Com-
mittee making their report.
Mr. KNOX. X object.
THE ARMY BILL.
Mr. BENTON. I have an amendment which
I intend to move to the Army bill. With the con-
sent of the House, I send it to the Clerk that it
may be printed for members.
There was no objection; and the amendment
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, its action on the amendments
of the Senate to the Aimy bill.
[Cries of " Object!"]
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report the Army appropriation
bill from the Committee of Ways and Means, in
order that it may be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and, with the
report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Missouri, and to the House, that the
bill he desires to report ought to be leferred tn
the Committeeon Military Affairs. I understand
that it provides for largely increasing the Army,
and certainly ought to go before that committee
for consideration. I aslc that the gentleman from
Missouri will so amend his motion.
Mr. PHELPS. I cannot.
Mr. KNOX. Then 1 object to its being re-
ported.
TEXAS DEBT BILL AGAIN.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I suppose the House
is aware of the fact that the measure we have had
under consideration in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to-day, according to
many parliamentarians in the House, of which I
do not profess to be one, will not come up to-
morrow if it is not disposed of to-day.
Mr. KNOX. I rise to a question of order. 1
desire* to know if this discussion is m order
What is the question before the House ?
Mr BRECKINRIDGE. I am going to make a
motion. 1 will make it. I am upon my legs for
that purpose. I move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself mto the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
And I take occasion te say, that, if the motion is
agreed to, I propose to take such measures as to
get the Texas bill out of the committee, and to put
it in such a condition that the House can reach it,
I move that the House do
and then lefthe House adjourn.
Mr. HAMILTON? *
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
Will have to wait until he can get the floor for that
purpose. [Laughter.]
Mr. HAMILTON. Have I the floor now?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eastman] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. EASTMAN. Well, sir, I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. East-
man's motion; and decided in the negative—yeas
C2, nays 78; as follows:
YF.AS—Messrs. Abererombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willi** Allen, David J. Bailey, Belcher, Bennett, Benson,
Benton, Boyee, Carpenter, Chase, Chri-man, J. G. Davis,
Thomas Davis, Disney, Eastman, Eiidy, Edyerton, Ever-
Imrt, Flakier, I''iiller, Giddines, Goode, Goodwin, Hamil-
ton, Aaron Harlan, llaven, ilenn, Uiestcr, Howe, Daniel
T. Jones, J. Glancey Jones, Kidwell, Knox, Letcher,*
Lilly, McCulloch, McMuIlin, McQueen, Mayall, Middle-
siva'rlh, Millson, Moigan, Murray, Not tail, Pennington,
Prinule, DavUI Ritchie, lluflin, rtabm,Sage, ^haw, Sim-
mons, Rkelton, Andrew Smart, Tracy, Tweed, Wade,
Ellillll B. Wasllblltlie,Israel Washburn,and Wheeler—GJ.
NAYS—Messrs. Appletnn, Thomas tl. Bayly, Hank,,
Bell, Bit:,:-, Bocock, Breckinridge. Blistow, Campbell,
Caskie, Chandler,Clark, Chngman, Cobb, Cox, Cummins,
Cullmy, Dawson, E'ltnands, Thomas D. 1-iliot, John M.
Elliott, Ellison, English, Farley, Faillknei, Florence,
Franklin, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Andiew J. Iiarlan,
Hendricks, time ton, Hunt, Johnson, Gent ye W. Jones,
Itoland Jones, Kt-ilt, Ketr, Kuitz, Lewis, Liwlsley, Mae-
dona'd, MeDowiaM, May, .Simlh Miller, Nichols, Olds,
Oir, Peclihairi, John Perkins, 1'helps, Pieston, tticliaidsou,
Bobbins, Howe, Sapp, Seymour, shower, .Samuel A
tinnth, G  OIKC VV. .Smyth, Sellers, Fredclick P. Slantou,
Riciiard If. titauton, lienor I., Stevens, David Hluart,
John J. Taylor, John L. Tayhn, Teller, Upham, Walker,
VValley, Wells, Joint Weulwotth, Tappan WenLworlll,
and We&lt^rook—V8
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I desire to say that I
do not propose to take the final vote upon the bill
to-day in the House. 1 desire that the bill shall
be put in such a shape that the House can have an
uppoi(unity to vote upon the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
My only purpose is to get the bill in the House,
where it will come up to-morrow.
[Ciien of " Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the yeas and
nays upon going mtu the Committee of fehe Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAK12R pro tempore divided the House,
i and announced that the yeas and nuys were not
' ordered.
,i Messra. Wheeler, Goode, Eastman, and
j| others, amid much confusion, demanded tellers—
;J sorie upon the yeas and nays, and. Others upon
ij the motion to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state < f the Union.
i Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stuart, of
II Michigan, und Clikgman were appointed.
J The SPEAKER pro tempore then put the ques-
i tion upon the motion to go into the Committee of
i! the Whole on ilie state ot' the Union.
|| Mr. WHEELER. 1 demand tclleis upon the
11 yeas and nays.
!; The SPEAKRR pro tempore. The House is
now dividing, and it is too la(e to raise a question
of order.
Mr. GOODE. I demanded tellers distinctly
upon the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair did
not so understood it.
Mr. UOODE. It is not too late for the Chair
to corieet his own mistake.
The SPEAKER pro tempore.. The gentleman
from Virginia is not in order in addressing the
Chair while the House is dividing.
Mr. GOODE. Does the Chair decide that it is
too late to correct his own mistake r *
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides that the House is dividing, and that it is not
in order to address the Chair.
Mr. GOODE. Well, sir, I insist that the tel-
lers were called upon the yeas apd nays, ami that
the House are dividing upon ordering the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleirian
from Virginia is not in order.
Mr. EASTMAN. I demand tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
[Cries of " Order!" and " Too late!"]
The tellers then reported—ayes 74, noes 16;
no quorum voting.
Mr. OLDS. I demand the yeas aDd nays.
Mr. EASTMAN. Oh, it is too late now; the
yeas and nays have been refused.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
state that, when a call was made for the yeas and
nays, he requested those in favor of ordering them
to rise. They did so, and the Chair reported
twenty-three—not a sufficient number. The Chair
then heard various voices demanding tellers, but
he certainly did not hear any one demand tellers
upon the yeas and nays. The question was then
upon going into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and the Chair therefore
put the question upon that motion. The Chair,
however, hopes there will be no objection to allow-
ing those who want tellers upon the yeas and nays
to have them.
Tellers upon the yeas and nays were ordered;
and Messrs. Dunbar and Campbell appointed.
The -House waa divided; and the tellers reported
thirty-four m the affirmative—a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TWEED. 1 move that the House do now
adjourn.
'Mr. WHEELER. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and navs were not ordered.
Mr. WHEELER. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Breckin-
ridge and Campbell were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 9(i, noes 75.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. EASTMAN. No quorum voted.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
count and ascertain whether there be a quorum
present.
Mr. FLORENCE. Several gentlemen are hur-
rying ont of the Hall. [Laughter.] x
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Well, gentlemen
have a right to go out when they please.
Mr. ORR. There seems to be a disposition
manifested to postpone this matter unnecessarily,
and with a view of letting gentlemen have an
opportunity of showing their hands, I move that
there be a call of the House. Perhaps that will
bring back some of those gentlemen who are now
leaving the Hall.
Mr. MOR.GAN. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The Speaker pro tempore put the question, and,
declared that Mr. Orr's motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. 1 ask the Chair if I was not recognized,
and did not demand the yeas and nays before he
announced the result of the vote.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
was not recognized until after the Chair had an-
nounced that the ayes had it, and that a^all of
the House was ordered. The gentleman said that
he rose to a question of privilege, and the Chair
recognized him.
Mr. MORGAN. Well, if the Chair says so,
I htrve nothing further to say upon the subject.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
may have demanded the yeas and nays, but cer-
tainly he was not recognized by the Chair.
The roll was then called, and the following
named gentlemen were found to be absent:
Mos-rs. Abererombie, A-lie, David J. Bailey, Ball, Barks-
dale, Bariy, Benton, Biss-ell, Boyee, Biidjes, Carnthers,
! Chamberlain, Chase, Chastain, Chuichweil, Colquitt,
| Cook, Oorwin, Ciai^e, Culloin, Curtis, Dent, De Wiu,
Dick. Dickinson, Dowdell, Drum, Edmundson, Etherid-re,
Gamble, Goodrich, Goodwin, Grow, Sampson W. Harris,
Wiley P. Harris, Harrison, Hibbard, Hill, flillyer, Hughes,
In«erM>ll, Knox, Lamb, Lane, Latham, Lindley, Lyon,
Me.Viir. Mace, Macy, Maurice, Maxwell, Meachana, John
G. Miller, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Peck,
Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Puryear, Ready, Reese, lliddle,
Thomas Ttitehey, Rogers, Russell. Seward, Shannon. Sni-
gleron, Skelton, William Smithy William II. .Smith, Alex-
ander It. .Stephens, stratton, straub. Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Trout, Vail, Wire;.oil, Walbndgc, Warren, VVitte, Daniel
B. Wnght, Uendrick B. Wright, Yates, and Zollicofrer.
Mr. ORR. How many gentlemen have an-
swered to their names ?
