1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
remote sections of the Confederacy, because they
will claim the same rights that California now
claims, and thus by degrees establish asystem of
circuit courts exonerating the Judges of the Su-
preme Court from that duty, or we shall be called
upon to put the judges of these circuit courts upon
the Supreme bench, and thus augment the number
of Judges of the Supreme Court.
There is another consideration, sir. The Ques-
tion of judicial salaries is one which has engaged
the attention of all of us. I am not willing to put
in this bill an inadequate salary, nor am I willing
o put in it a salary which will place the judge of
the circuit court in California upon a "higher foot-
ing than that occupied, as regards compensation,
by the Judges of the Supreme Court of the United
States. 1 think, sir, that if any change is about
to be made in the salaries of our judges, the change
ought to be made by a general bill, similar to that
already reported by the committee, and that we
ought to refrain from acting in this piecemeal
way upon the compensation of the judges in the
different parts of the Confederacy.
Now, sir, if California is in need, at present, of
additional facilities for the dispensation of public
justice. I am perfectly willing to vote for any bill
which shall not introduce features encroaching
upon the general system of the judiciary of the
United States as now established. I am willing,
if the district judges are not sufficient to carry on
the business, to vote for an additional district
judge with circuit court powers. 1 am willing, if
a circuit is required at the present time, to vote
for an additional judge of the Supreme Court of
the United States, who shall exercise circuit court
powers, and bald the circuit courts on the Pacific
co&st. But I am not willing, in this manner, to
intrench upon those principles on which the whole
judicial system is now based.
There are many of us who have very strong
objections—objections that cannoj be overcome-
to have the Supreme Court established in Wash-
ington as a Federal Court, kept apart from all
connection with the people, and discharged from
the duty of holding the circuit courts. I, for one,
" can never consent to that. I believe that if this
bill be passed, it will be the entering wedge of that
system, and I, therefore, must call the attention
of the Senate to it.
Mr. GW1N. Mr. President, this bill is no
favorite of mine.' If I had the power, I would
pass through this body an entirely different meas-
ure, one to give us a circuit on the Pacific coast,
and have appointed to preside over its courts, an
associate justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States. I urged this measure upon the Judiciary
Committee of the Senate two years ago in vain.
I brought it before the Senate at the last session
-and offered it as an amendment to the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill, and it was voted
down. 1 referred it to the Judiciary Committee
some weeks ago, when it was let aside for the bill
now under consideration. This is a dernier resort
for my colleague and myself. We have to take
this or nothing, and, with the knowledge we pos-
sess of the state of affairs in California, we must
take it, insufficient as we know it to be to meet
the wants of our constituents. Our land claims
must be finally settled through the United States
judicial tribunals, and if this bill does not pass
this session, we have no ho'pe. Its failure will be
viewed by our people as a denial of justice of the
most flagrant character. Far better would it have
been if the Congress which purchased California
had confiscated all land claims in that territory,or
indiscriminately confirmed the valid and fraud-
ulent, rather than inflict upon land claimants and
settlers, the ruin that impends over them from the
delays that your policy has subjected us to.
Seven years ago California was purchased from .
Mexico, yet we have not had a single case decided
in the Supreme Court which would indicate what
land claims would likely be confirmed or rejected.
From this cause conflicts, bloody conflicts, have
again and again taken place between laud claim-
ants and settlers; nor can we hope, for another
year, of obtaining a decision of that tribunal that
will satisfactorily settle any principle of law in-
volved in these contests. We have two district
judges to try all of these claims, for every one
will be appealed to the distiict courtsfrom the de-
cision of the board of land commissioners. These
judges have now pending in each of these courts,
or soon will have, more land cases than compose
ill the cases of every description on appeal to the
Supreme Court of the United States from- all the
States of the Union. The number of cases on
the docket of the Supreme Court amount to one
hundred and seventy-seven; while there was filed
in the southern district of California at the first
term when that court was organized, more than
one hundred and eighty land cases, appealed from
the board of land commissioners. And the amount
of property involved in these cases on the docket
of each of our United States courts, is more than
the whole amount now in controversy in the Su-
preme Court of the United Stipes. Yetone of these
judges receives a compensation of §3,500, and the
other §2,800 per annum;and Congreshas steadily
refused to give them any increase of salary. While
each judge has as many cases on his docket as the
Supreme Court, and equally as intricate as the
questions to be decided by that tribunal, and in-
volving as large an amotint of property, each is
expected to perform the duties of the nine Su-
preme Judges, who, in the aggregate, receive up-
wards of $40,000. We wish to give these judges
assistance, and hence we advocate this bill. One
of these judges has been, for months, absent from
the State, prostrated by disease, end cannot, pos-
sibly for months to come, resume his duties on the
bench; yet his court is crowded with business;
and in the most vigorous •health it would take
him a year, sitting six days in the week, to dis-
pose of the cases now on his docket; and within a
year, as many new cases will be brought into his
court as are now pending there. We wish to aid
him and his associate in the southern district by
creating a circuit, and appoint a judge to relieve
them from some portion of their present arduous
duties. As an evidence of the present condition
of California in the litigation of land claims, I will
state, that eight hundred and thirteen land claims
have been filed before the board of land commis-
sioners, every one of which will be appealed to
the district courts.
Can any member of this body, after a statement
of this fact, refuse us the judge we ask for in this
bill? Can any man say a failure to pass it would
not bea denial of justice? Every claim is appealed
from the decision of the board of commissioners,
and every one hereafter decided will be appealed,
until the Supreme Court decides some of the most
important, and settles the principles that will govern
that tribunal in these cases. Eight hundred and
thirteen, as I have before stated, have been filed
before the board of commissioners, and all will be
adjudicated by that board in a year, and appealed
to the district courts. These claims cover property
worth millions and tens of millions of dollars, in
fact the most valuable portion of our agricultural
districts, and a large portion of our mineral lands.
Sir, we must settle these claims, and speedily,
or serious questions will arise between the State
and Federal authorities. Already our supreme
court has decided that the gold in the mines belongs
to the Stale, and that appeals shall not be taken
from the State courts to the courts of the United
States. The Governor in his message, just re-
ceived, calls the attention of the Legislature to the
question whether the public domain claimed by
the United States does not belong to the State by
virtue of its sovereignty. To avoid a controversy
oil the subject, he advocates a cession to the State
of all claims on the part of the United States to
the public lands within her borders.
Longer delay in adjusting our land claims in
the United States courts will cause them to be
brought before our State courts, and the State
will assume the ownership of the public domain
within her borders, and make the decisions of our
own tribunals final, as between individual claim-
ants and the State. The property of the Sute is
blighted by these unsettled land claims. Wo man
will venture to make permanent improvements on
land that may be taken from them by an adverse
title, and thousands are thus diiyen from the State
to purchase homes, where they will be subject to
no such uncertainty of title.
The policy of this Government, from the pur-
chase of Louisiana to our last acquisition, has
been radically wrong, so far as regards unsettled
land claims. Large sections of country in the
Louisiana purchase have been m a great degree
depopulated for half a century, for the want of a
prompt settlement of the title to the lands within
those sections. The evils of that system are now
being visited upon California, by the delays in
our judicial tribunals. 1 hope this cause ofcom-
plaint will" be in part removed try the.passage dt'
this bill, and the early decision of the rcaeesInn
appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States.
Mr. CHASE. When the bill was introduced,
*1 supposed that it proposed the creation of a new
Supreme Court Judge. That, however, is not
the fact. It proposes simply to create a circuit
court in California, with certain appellate pow-
ers from the district courts, for the purpose* of
discharging the immense amO«nt of Business which
has accumulated in those districts. It also au-
thorizes the circuit judge to sit with tha district
■ judge, upon the land cases. It is to me apparent,
from the statement made by the Senators from
California, that some relief to those two court's is
indispensable, and I do not see any method by"
which it can be effected more satisfactorily than
by the mode pointed out by the Committee on the
Judiciary. Itis true that it is an innovation, to a
certain extent, upon the established judicial organ-
ization of the United States. But, sir, it is not to
be permanent. This circuit court can be abol-
ished precisely as the circuit courts of 1801 were
abolished in 1802. The judge can be made a judge
of a new court, or he can be deprived of his office
altogether by abolishing the court of which he is
judge; so that there is no permanent difficulty.
It meets the temporary and pressing exigency, and
1 for one, although I had some objection at first,
shall give my vote for it.
Mr. BADGER. 1 agree substantially in what
has been said on this subject by the Senator from
Ohio. X should be very sorry to see a permanent
anomaly introduced into the judicial system of the
United States; but, as practical men, we areobliged
to deal with the existing interests of the country.
Now, like my friend from Louisiana, I would
much prefer a bill that would add an additional
Judge to the Supreme Court of the United States;
but to that it has been found that there are insuper-
able objections. The condition of things in Cali-
fornia is such that some immediate measure is due
the people of that State. It is "due to the people
of the United States, because the United States
must have a common interest in what concerns the
welfare of every part of the Union. Now, I do
not see that we can do anything better than what
is proposed by the bill; Decause the only other
measure which is better, we find it impracticable
to accomplish.
What, then, is the state of the case. We shall
have on the Pacific a circuit court, with a judge
appointed as the judge of th'at court, who is not a
member of the Supreme Court bench.. That is
the whole of it. It does not strike me as involv-
ing any serious difficulty, or, in fact, any serious
departure from principle. We maintain our system
where it is practicable, and we relax it in a par-
ticular case, in consequence of those demands of
necessity which all general outlines of a system
must necessarily give way to, in order to accom-
plish the object of the whole system, and promote
the intelligent administration of justice.
My honorable friend from Louisiana has sug-
gested that this may be the commencement of a
circuit court system, or rather may lead to the
adoption of a system, in virtue of which the
Judges of the Supreme Court may be discharged
from all connection with the circuits. 1 fear, sir,
that there is no such good result to be hoped for
fiomthis particular special and local measure; but
if such a result should follow, so far from alarm-
ing me, as I desire to see that produced, and would
vote cheerfully for it, it is rather a recommendation
than an objection. My opinion is, it will have
no such tendency. It will hold out, in fact, an
immediate and pressing relief, demanded by con-
siderations of justice and propriety,^t the sacri-
fice of no principle, that I can see, but merely an
innovation, in a distant part of the Union, upon a
system which we cannot, under existing circum-
stances, extend to that portion of the Union. I
shall, therefore, vote for it.
Mr. BUTLER. It may be expected, from my
relation to this bill, that I should say something
upon it. We have been very much pressed by
the Senator from California, and by all persons
who are acquainted with the state of things in
California, to supply them with another judge of
some grade, to decide the immense cases of litisa-
tion which are now existing arid increasing. The
proposition was to have a Supreme Court Judge
to perform circuit duties there. The result of my
