608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7.
the honorable Senatdr; but I have made a motion
that this matter be. postponed until to-morrow,
and I want him to confine himself to the question
of postponement. I suppose it is not in order to
debate the bill on that question.
Mr. RUSK. Then 1 will keep in order and say
that this bill is of more importance than the bills
which the honorable Senator seeks to get at by his
motion. Those bills are mere legislation for the
fun of the thing, and it will so turn out. It is for
the amusement of the thing that that legislation
takes place. 1 will show how it will be so. There
are a cozen separate bills; there v/ill be forty of
them before we get through. Every morning a
half dozen of them are introduced, all asking ap-
propriations for interna] improvement 111 separate
bills. We are within three weeks of theadjourn-
ment of Congress. As I understand the rules of
the House, when'the bills go there, they will have
to be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, because they make appro-
priations. Well, sir, that committee has before
it, if { have been correctly informed, a hundred
times more business than it can get through with
during the session.
A Scxator. Prior bills can be laid aside.
Mr. RUSK. The honorable Senator suggests
that they can lay aside the prior business and lake
up these bills. I know a great many bills which
have passed here with a view of having them
reached in that way; but, sir, there are a great
many bitter opponents of this system of internal
improvements, either by the single dash or by the
whole. I have been informed, and I have seen its
practical operation, t'< at the rules of the House
can be so used by a minority as to defeat any
action for a long time.
Then, sir, I regard this legislation as useless.
I am not whipping the devil round the stump. I
have voted for these internal improvement bills,
and shall do so again; but 1 will not sanction this
method of having a thousand bills. You will have
to have that many if you cany; out this' plan,
because there are that many objects of internal
improvements, I will not sanction such child's
play business. I shall vote against it. I have in-
troduced no bill on the subject, though therefore
some objects of internal improvement in the State
of Texas just as deserving, and just as national,
aa there are in any Statein the Union; but I do not
intend to introduce bills to go through this farce
in reference to them. I know a great many things
are said about log-rolling in a general bill. It is
just the same thing when they are taken separately.
There is just the same liability to log-rolling m
the one case as in the other. All these improper
influences will be brought to bear as long as hu-
man nature is the same; and they will be ui-ed just
as efficiently in the one case as in the other.
Then, I regard the bills, which the honorable
Senator from Maryland desires to get at, as not
liKely to accomplish anything at all, utiles; to get
bills passed here, so as 10 have it said of some mem-
bers, aa I heard it said on the floor yesteiday,
" that gentleman lias been very industrious, he has
introduced a bill, and got it passed as a separate
measure." So far as 1 am concerned, I care noth-
ing about such a reputation. 1 have no object m
getting a bill passed in the Senate, unless i can
get it through the House of Representatives. But
I do not desire here to have displaced what I re-
gard as a matter of vast importance to the people of
California. I said before, from all that I can learn,
the present judicial system is oppressive to Cali-
fornia, and you ought to do one of two things—
eithvr extend the lull benefit of the judicial system
to California, or repeal the district courts and
allow the State to settle her own controversies.
What is the necessity of annoying the State by
partial jurisdiction which puts the citizens into toe
courts and keeps them there, God only knows
how long ? It has been said that the district court
can do circuit court duties. I regard it as very
different. The circuit court has the right to hear
cases upon appeal; the district court has not. As
to the amendment, it will make perfect nonsense
of the bill. Whoever heard of two district judges
in one district?
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator had listened
he would have discovered that I merely proposed
to strike out the word " circuit" and insert dis-
trict " as a test vote. If it should be carried, of
course, the bill will have to be remodeled.
Mr RUSK. "Then it is tantamount to a rejec-
tion ofthe present bill. I think, sir, it will be an 1
advantage and benefit to California to have this j
circuit jurisdiction in order to have appeals taken j
to tlie circuit courtthere. It is very expensive to 1
bring appeals all the way from California to the j
Supreme Court of the United States to be decided, j
There are questions growing up in California in- 1
voivmg millions of property. They *re questions ]
arising under a totally different system of law |
from the common law. They arise under the !
civil law, not the common law. Most lawyers, !
who investigate the circumstances, know that; \
and most of the judges who are sent there as j
district judges are common law lawyers, and ]
are not familiar with the principles of the civil |
law as they should be to determine such vast j
interests as are subjected to their charge. Well, |
sir, when there are questions involving such 1m- j
mense amounts of money, every door should be
left open for a fair investigation, and a final de-
termination upon them; and if you pass this bill
you will have an investigation before the district
court, which will give both parties an opportunity
to investigate the principles 011 which the case is to
be determined. Then there will be the right to
appeal to the circuit court. The district courts
are now overloaded with the subjects of their ju-
risdiction, so that it is utterly impossible for them
to give that attention to the questions involved
which should be given; but if such 11 bill as this
is passed, there will be a better opportunity of
investigating the questions. You will have an
additional guarantee of an investigation by a court,
which, from the nature of its institution, must be
better prepared to deliberate oil the subject than
the distuct court can be; and then there will also
be the right to come to the Supreme Court of the
United States.
Mr. riJARCE. Mr. President, I believe that
there are few members of this lioiiy who trouble
the Senate less frequently than 1 do. and 1 know
that theie is no Senator who more constantly and
carefully refrains from what is called '* speaking
' to IJuncombe" than myself; and not one who ab- j
stains more than I do from the introduction of bills
which can be supposed to be intended merely to
gain a liule local popularity. I disdain all such art-
i llices. But it seems to be intimated l>y the Senator
! from Texas that there is some such motive in this
i case. If he thinks so he is ptobably alone in the
enjoyment of that opinion, for 1 venture to say that
no other member of the Senate thinks so. Nor am
1 in the habit of pressing business against the evi-
dent sense of the Senate. I regulate my conduct
here differently. 1 do not inquire, when a measure
is befmc the Senate, what may be thought of it 111
the House of Representatives. It is nothing to
me, and skould, 1 think, be nothing to any Sena-
tor, what views may be held 111 the other branch
of Congiess upoti questions here which demand
our separate investigation and independent judg-
ment. We are a distinct body—equal to, and in-
dependent of, the House, and owing a separate
duty to tlie country, and to our own characters
and reputations.
Though 1 Hold the ] louse of Representatives m
the highest respect, I acknowledge no obedience to
its will, and I will not consent to be governed m
my couisehere by the consideration of what they
may or may not be likely to do. I ihink we are
too often approached with language of that soit.
Tins body will come, after a lime, to be a mere
appendage of the other, if we do not act upon our
sense of what is fit and proper, without regard to
what may be the action of the other legislative
branch.
In regard to the bill which I wish to take up,
allow irTe to say, that, although i did not introduce
it, 1 most heartily approve it; and as to the advo-
cacy of it as a separate measure, we are only con-
fonning to the declared will of the Senate. Yes-
terday the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Slibem.]
moved to take up a separate bill for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Mississippi, at its
mouth, and it seemed to me that the general sense
of the Senate was thai such was the proper course,
since the Executive veto of the gctieial river and
harbor bill. That seemed to be the opinion of the
Senate, because, notwithstanding some objections,
they passed that measure separately, as the first
of a series of bills of like character. The bill to
which I desire to speak to-day was the next in
order. When it was taken up yesterday and dis-
cussed for a time, a question was asked to which
an answer was necessary, and that answer I wish
to give now. When the motion was made, this
morning, to take up the bill now.under consider-
ation, my colleague asked whether, if debate upon
it should i;prolonged beyond one o'clock, the
Senator from Connecticut would consent to its
postponement. 1 supposed that such was the un-
derstanding; and when the hour of one had been
some time past, I asked to have the bill postponed
till to-morrow, in order that the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday might be disposedof, expect-
ing, of course, that the understanding of my col-
league and the Senator from Connecticut, would be
carried out. And now we are told that the bill for
improving the Patapsco river is a mere flourish;
that it is wnnecessary legislation, and will never
get through the other House. _ 1 do not think so;
but however that may be, I wish to discharge my
duty in this respect, and leave consequences to
those who may control them.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope this bill will not be
postponed. There will probably be no better
time than this to dispose of it, and we ought to
dispose of it now, if it is of sufficient importance
to engage the attention of the Senate at all. It
strikes me that it is a bill of exceeding importance.
The State of California is in a very peculiar
situation, so remote from intercourijj with the
rest of the Union that she cannot avail herself of
the benefits of the visits of the Judges of the
Supreme Court. She cannot have a circuit court
adequate for the performance of the duties of judi-
cial officers devolving upon the tribunals there.
Even if the present judge of the northern district
should recover his health, and be able to return to
that State, still there is need, os we hear, of a.n
additional tribunal. I know of no interest that is
so important to society, as the interest of the ad-
ministration of justice. Material improvements
ran wait, but the administration of justice must
be carried on. It must be carried on promptly,
vigorously, effectively. It must be carried on
with punctuality; and 1 know of no imprudence
that a central power like this can commit, equal
to that of leaving remote regions to the indulgence
of complaints of a want of diligence and prompt-
ness in the administration of justice. It is in
such complaints that revolutions have their begin-
ning. I, therefore, see no case more urgent than
this of providing for the administration of justice
in California.
In regard to the bill itself, it seems to me that
we do not differ as to the necessity of the measure,
but the only question is as to the name of the
judge who shall hold the court. I am, in prin-
ciple, opposed to releasing the Supreme Court
Judges from circuit duties. I should not, there-
fore, favor a form of this bill which would lead to
that result. But I think the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas,] in his zeal to preserve the ptes-
ent system, exaggerates the danger of this pre-
cedent. I see nothing that is dangerous in it.
It is true that there will be a circuit judge in
California, and d circuit judge nowhere else. I
have seen the same thing occur in New York
without any prejudice. We had the judicial
system for the State, and judges for the State,
but it was found inadequate to the city of New
York; and we therefore established, a long time
ago, a superior court, a different and distinct tri-
bunal, not distinctly recognized by the Constitu-
tion, but ingrafted on the system. It has worked
well. I have seen the same difficulty occur in the
western portion of the State—in Buffalo, where
many large commercial cases arise. There we
had to add, heretofore, an equity judge, giving to
that district two equity judges, while other dis-
tricts had but one. No inconvenience has arisen
from that. Those courts existed there when we
came to revise the judicial system of the State,
and no difficulty arose from those anomalies, in
making such a System for the whole State as was
decided upon by the convention.
The force of this precedent, it seems to me,
will be very slight, in the readjustment of the
courts heieafier, and 1 am, therefore, content to
take the bill in either shape. If the honorable
Senators from California think it is material that
the bill shall retain the circuit court, I shall vo'e,
with them with great pleasure. If they can be
satisfied that the change which the Senator from
Illinois proposes will answer equally as well, and
will consent to the amendment, I will then go with
the Senator from Illinois.
