618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
his decision, mode some time since, was a correct
one. The amendment having been offered in the
House by the gentleman from Texas, and accom-
panying the bill, as it did, to the Commr.tee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and the
committee having reported, not upon that amend-
ment or upon any other, but in favor of striking
out the enacting clause of the bill, the Chair
doubts whether the bill was not reported back to
the House necessarily with the amendments pend-
ing while it was in the House.
Mr. ORR.. In my opinion, Mr. Speaker, the
amendment comes back. The committee did
nothing to destroy the amendment which was
sent to it by the House.
The SPEAKER. It was made, by order of the
House, the duty of the committee to report on the
amendment as well as on the bill, it so strikes
the Chair on reflection, and therefore the amend-
ments offered in the House, and referred to l he
committee by the House, come back with the bill
to the House. The Chair, after reviewing his
former decision on the subject, must so decide.
Then the Chair understands the amendment of
the gentleman from Texas [Mr. Smyth] as pend-
ing to the original bill in the nature of a substi-
tute.
Mr. SMYTH. I have desired to make a
change in that amendment, with respect to a date.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and required, at any tune after the 1 -t day of
Februaiy next, to issue to the Stale of Texas such portion
of the stock menuoned m the proviso to the fifth article of
Ihe first section of tlie aet entitled " An act proposing to
the State of Texas the establishment of lier northern and
western boundaries, the relinquishment by the State of all
territory claimed by her extenor to said boundaries, and of
all her claims upon the United States, and the establish-
ment of .1 territorial £fivcrnment for New Mexico," ap-
proved September 9,18.^0, as shall be equivalent in amount
to the release* of the claim6; against the United States,
which shall be then filed at the Treasuiy, as in said article
is provided; and in like manner, from month to month, to
issue said stock equivalent to such like releases as may he
thereafler filed, unlil the whole of the stock reserved bv
«aid article shall be exhausted. The sums of said stock
issued to the State of Texas under the provisions of this
section in all cases to be equivalent in amount to the sums
paid by the Stare in stock or money m the discharge of the
debts or liabilities for which releases are filed.
Sec. 2. Jlni be it farther enacted. That the President of
the United States, through the Secretary of the Treasury,
notify the Governor of the State of Texas of the passage of
tins act.
Mr. SMYTH. I propose, in the third line of
the amendment, to strike out the word " Febru-
ary," and insert the word " May," so as to make
it read, "that the Secretary of the Treasury is
required, at any time after the first day of May
next," &c.
The alteration was made.
The SPEAKER. There are also amendments
proposed by the Committee of Ways and Means,
which were offered in the House, and referred to
the committee.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I understand the
scope of the decision made by the Chair as being
to cut out the bill which I have just sent up as a
substitute for the Senate bill; but, I apprehend, it
would be in order for me now to move it as a sub-
stitute for the bill sent up by the gentleman from
Texas.
The SPEAKER. IIow much of the original
bill is stricken out ? Is it in the nature of a sub-
stitute?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The whole of it is
stricken out. It is in the nature of a substitute.
The SPEAKER. The original bill may be
perfected by amendments. The substitute pro-
posed by the gintleman from Texas may be
amended and p-rfeeted before a vote is had on
substituting one for the other.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. But may I not offer
mine as a substitute for that of the gentleman from
Texas ?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I must do that for
the purpose of saving the proposition.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
will hear me now, I think we can get at all these
questions. I move to amend the original Senate
Bill by striking out of the twenty-sixth line
" §8.500.000," and inserting in lieu thereof
" $6,550,000 "
The SPEAKER. That is in order.
Mr. JONES. And then the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge] can call the pre-
vious question; and, as I understand the question
now, if the previous question be sustained, the
vote will be first on my amendments, being first on
the bill, then on the amendments proposed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to the original
bill; and if they shall be concurred in—or whether
or not—the vote will next come on the substitute
of the gentleman from Kentucky, in lieu of that
of the gentleman from Texas.
The SPEAKER. Yes; that will be the course
of the proceedings.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Before I move the
previous question I want to remind the House of
what 1 stated in committee, that I wish to give
my friend from New York [Mr. Pringle] an
opportunity to ofiVr an amendment. I hope he
will be allowed to do so by the unanimous con-
sent of the House.
Mr. PRINGLE. I wish to offer an amendment
as a substitute for the bill.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Be it enacted hy the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Spates of America in Congress assembled,
That, immediately after the 1st day of July next. Hie Sec-
ret.uy of the Treasury bo, and he hereby, authorized to
p.iv to the creditors of the State of Texas, holding bonds or
other certificates of stocks of said State, for which duties
on uii|i(>i t  were specially pledged, out of any money in the
Trce.^inv not otherwise appropriated, a sum nor exceeding
and the interest thereon, at the rate of five per
centum pei annum, Oom fhelioth day of November, J£50, to
the 1st day o( July next, in ratable proportion upon each and
every of said bond* and certificates of Texas stoek, which
shall, on or before the 1st day of July next, be bv the satd
creditors deposited with tin; Sccrrturv of the Treasury,
together with an assignment to the United States of so
much or such portion of each of said bonds and certificates
a^ shall be so paid thereon by'the Secretary of the Treas-
urj', and likewise a release of the United States from all
claim for or on account of each bond and certificate. Arid
it is hereby declared, that all payments made under the pro-
vision^ ot thes act shall he deemed and taken as so much
paid on account of the $3,00!) 000 of stocks provided for
by the said act of Co:igre?..«, winch has not yet been issued,
and in ease the whole amount ot $i,0(KU)(J0 and mtei est, as
above ptovicled, t^hall be paid to the creditors of Texas un-
der the provisions of thiu aet, then the IJimed States fdiall
be free from any liability to the St ite of Texas, by reason
of any obligation imposed upon the United States by the
aet ot Congress aforesaid.
The SPEAKER. The amendment just read
will be received if no objection be made.
Mr. WARREN. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON took the floor.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. For the purpose of
meeting the wishes of my friend from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston,] I move the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to remind the gen-
tleman from Kentucky 
[Loud cries of J< Order !" " Order !"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his call for the previous question for one
moment.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE declined doing so. *
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to make an in-
quiry of the gentleman from Kentucky—whether
■ he has modified Ins amendment at the close of the
sixth section of the bill, so as to provide that
Texa'j shall abandon all the claims upon the Uni-
ted States growing out of Indian depredations or
otherwise-1
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have modified that
section in the bill. it originally read as follow?:
"Nor until the Legislature of the State of Texas shall
pass an act withdrawing and abandoning all claims and de
inandp against the United State, growing out of Indian
depredations prior to the admission of said State into the
Union."
I have modified it so as to read 
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting) I call the
gentleman from Kentucky to order. The previous
question has been demanded, and lie is not m
order. I was not allowed to say a word a moment
ago.
[Loud cries of " Order!" "Order1 ]
The demand for the previous question was sec-
onded; and the mam question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the adoption of the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] to
strikeout, in the twenty-sixth line, 44 $8,500,000,"
and insert in li*u thereof " $6,550,000."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN. Before the vote is
taken I desire to have the first clause of the 40th
rule read, in relation to members voting upon
a question in which they have a direct interest.
Mr. WARREN. 1 object. •
Mr. JAMES 'C. ALLEN. I have a right to
have that rule read.
Mr. FLORENCE. Every gentleman can read
it by opening his drawer.
Mr. WARREN. I urge the objection to the
reading of the rule, for the reason that I 
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. We have a rule of the House
which requires that, when objections are made to
the reading of any paper desired by a member,
the question shall be determined by a vote of the
House. The question then is, " Shall the rule to
which the gentleman from Illinois refers, be read
by the Clerk r"
Mr. WARREN. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative.
The rule was then read by the Clerk, as fol-
lows:
" No member shall vote on any question in the event of
which he is immediately and particularly interested, or in
any case where he was not within tbe bar of the House
when the question was put."
Mr. WARREN. I desire to ask simply a
question—whether, by the reading of that rule,
there is an intimation as to any interest had in
this bill by any gentleman upon this floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only ask
the question by the unanimous consent of the
House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Jones's
amendment; and there were—yeas 120, nays 82; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abcrcrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Ball, Banks, Barksdale, Barry, Belcher, Ben-
nett, Benson, Benton, Bocock, Boyce, Brooks, Carpenter,
Carutheis, Caskie, Chamberlaiu, Chastain, Chrisman,
Cobb, Craige, Cullom, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis,
Disney, Eastman, ttdeerton, Edmund^on, Ellison^ Farley,
Faulkner, Flakier, Fuller, Giddings, Goode, Grow, Ham-
ilton, Aaron Harlan, Wiley 1* Harris, Hastings, Heaven,
Ilenn, Ilibburd. [J tester, lliJlver, Houston, Howe, Hughes,
Ingersoll, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Clancy
Jones, Roland Jones, Kent, Kerr, Kittredge, Knox, Lane,
Letcher, Jjpwis, Lilly, McCulloch, Maedonald, McMullin,
McQueen, Maurice, Mav, Meacham, Middleswarth, Mill-
sou, Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Moj decai Oliver, Packer, Parker, Peck, Penning-
ton, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps. Phillips, Pow-
ell, Pratt, Pringle, Puryear, David Ritchie, Thomas
Eitchev, Rutfin, Russell, Sabln, Sage, Seymour, Shaw,
Shower, Simmons, Singleton, Skelton, Stratton, Straub,
Andiew Stuart, Nathaniel G. Taylor, TeUer, Tracy,
Tweed. Vacant, Wade, Walsh, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, Daniel
B. Wright, Yates, and Zollicoffer—120.
NAYS—Messrs. Appleton, Bell, Bliss, Breckinridge,
Bridges, Br " '*• '• —• •
Clingmau,<
Dick, Dun!
Iibh, Eihendge, Everhart, Fenton, Florence, Franklin,Garii-
bh', Goodueh, Given, Greenwood, Grey, Andrew J. Harlan,
Hendricks, Hill, Hunt, Johnson, Kurtz, Lamb, Latham,
Mndtsley, McDougall, McNair, Mace, Maueson, Maxwell,
May all, Smith Millei, Old's OrrJ Peekham, Preston, Ready,
Reese, Riddle, Robbing, Rowe, Sapp, Seward, Shannon,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith,
George W. Smylh, Rollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
II. Stanton, I lector L. Stevens, David Stuart, John J.
Taylor, Joint L. Taylor, Thurston, Upham, Walker, Wal-
k-y, Warren, John Wentworth, Westbrook, Witte, and
ILmlrick B. Wright—82. , , «
So the amendment was agreed to.
Pending the call of the yeas.and nays,
| Mr. MILLSON said: I protest against bringing
| the creditors of Texas, for the first time, into
! direct communication with this Government; but,
' as a choice of evils, preferring the amendment to
the original bill, I vote aye.
Mr. NOBLE, I have paired off with Mr.
HarrisOxY, of Ohio, who, if he had been here,
would have voted for the bill, while I would have
voted against it.
Mr. WALBRIDGrE stated that he had paired
off with Mr, Vail, of New Jersey.
The first amendment, reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, to the bill was in
the second section, tenth line, after the word
u Texas,1' to insert the following:
And where the said sum that may be refunded to the
State of Texas by the provisions of this section is less than
th<< proportion which would have been allowed under this
aet to the holders of yuch evidences of debt, had such pay-
ment not been made them, such holders shall be entitled to
receive the difference between said sum and the proportion
they would have rcecived under this act if no payment had
been made them.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
