620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Taylor, Te,!ler,Thurston,Tracy,Trout, Tweed, Vail, Van-
satitj Wade, Walker, Ellilm B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Westbrook, Wme, IJendnck B. Wright, Yates, and
Zollicoffer—97.
So the motion to go into committee was agreed
to.
Previous to the announcement of the above vote,
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, said: Mr.
Speaker, I was not within the bar when my name
was called. If I had been, I would have voted in
the affirmative. With the unanimous consent of
House, I will now record my vote.
[Cries of'Objeet!"]
Mr. BOCOCK. I was not within the bar when
my name was called. Had I been present, I
should have voted on this question in the affirm-
ative.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Edgerton in the chair.)
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, I move that
the committee do now proceed to the considera-
tion of House bill (No. 403) reducing the duties
on imports, and for other purposes.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. ROBBINS. I move that the committee do |
now proceed to the consideration of House bill
(No. 569) making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending 30th June, 1856. I hold that my
motion, having reference to one of the general
appropriation bills, takes precedence of that sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Alabama.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides, for
the reason stated by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, that his motion has precedence of that
made by the gentleman from Alabama.
[Cries of " Read the bill !"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I had hoped that gentlemen
would have let us come up to the question, and
vote directly on it merits.
Mr. W ARREN. I object to the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has a right to submit it for the vote of the
committee. The Chair would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Alabama, that the only way in which
he can accomplish the object he has m view—to
get up the bill in regard to the tariff—is to move
to lay aside, one after the other, the bills which
precede that one upon the Calendar.
Mr. HOUSTON. I submit that motion.
Mr. TWEED. Let the Chair state the ques-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama moves to take up for consideration the bill
of the House reducing the duties on imports, and
for other purposes. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania moves to proceed to the consideration of
the civil and diplomatic bill. The latter motion,
the Chair decides, takes precedence. The gentle-
man from Alabama then moves that the first bill
upon the Calendar be laid aside, or informally
passed over.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Which is the first bill
upon the Calendar?
The CHAIRMAN. The civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand tell-
ers on the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. RoBBISfS.]
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Noble and
Hibbard were appointed.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to; the tellers having reported—ayes 95,
noes 89.
So the committee agreed to proceed to the con-
sideration of the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to dispense with the
first reading of the bill, and that it be read by
paragraphs for amendment.
[Loud cries of" No!" "No!" and "Object!"]
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Clerk will read
the bill.
Mr. PARLEY. I move that the committee do
now rise.
Mr. WHEELER. Upon that motion I demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Hamilton were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 99, noes 31.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr.
Edqerton] reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had the Union generally under consider-
ation, and particularly the bill of the House (No.
569) making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic service of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1856, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. PECKHAM. I think we have done about
enough for one day. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to; and
Thereupon (at five minutes past three o'clock)
the House adjourned until •to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 8, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Shcer.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal,
but after some time 
Mr. BADGER. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to dispensing with the reading of the residue
of that Journal. Nobody attends to it. It is very
long, and contains an immense multiplicity of de-
tails. I hope the reading will be dispensed with.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. MASON. If I recollect aright, when a
similar proposition was made here four or five
years ago, it was said that, though considered by
some a matter of form, it was really a matter of
substance.
Mr. CADGER. As objection is made, I with-
draw the suggestion; but no human being was
listening to the reading of the Journal. I hope the
Senator from Virginia, himself, will listen to it.
The Secretary resumed, and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
TEXAS DEBT BILL.
A message was received from the House ofj
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk, j
announcing that they had passed the Senate bill,!
to provide for the payment of such creditors of!
the late Republic of Texas as are comprehended !
in the act of Congress of September 9, 1850, with j
amendments, in which they asked the concuirence
of the Senate.
TAKING OF DEPOSITIONS.
Mr. CADGER. I hope my friend from Vir-
ginia, who would not allow the reading of the
Journal to be dispensed with, will make no objec-
tion to my asking permission of the Senate now
to introduce a biil of wnicb I gave notice a week
ago, but, as yet, I have had no opportunity of in-
troducing.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent to introduce the bill at this time.
Leave was granted, and the bill " to repeal so
much of the thirtieth section of the 'act to estab-
lish the judicial courts of the United States' as
authorizes the taking of depositions without j!
notice;" was read the first time, and ordered to a |j
second reading. j
Mr. BADGER. I desire to make a very brief 1
statement about this bill, and then, if no gentle- j!
man desires that it be referred, I shall ask that it
be put upon its passage. By the thirtieth section
of the judiciary act, m all cases where the ad-
verse party is distant more than one hundred miles
from the place of taking a deposition, it can be
taken without any notice to him, or to his at-
torney. This is a total violation of all the prin-
ciples of evidence, and has been recently the sub-
ject of very strong animadversion in an opinion
delivered by the Supreme Court on the stereo-
typed depositions that are produced, mere ex parte
affidavits. This bill proposes to repeal that pro-
vision, and fixes the rate of notice to be given be-
yond one hundred miles. J have shown it to the
members of the Committee on the Judiciary, and
I believe everybody agrees that it is a very proper
ai d necessary measure.
The bill was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to repeal so much of the thirtieth section of the
act of September 24, 1789, as authorizes deposi-
tions to be taken de bene esse without notice to the
adverse party or his attorney when neither ia
within one hundred miles of the place of caption.
When neither the adverse party nor his attorney-
is within one hundred miles of the place of cap-
tion, notice is to be hereafter given at the rate of
not less than oneday, Sundays excepted, for each
forty miles of the additional distance.
Mr. CHASE. I have no objection to the con-
sideration of the bill, nor to the bill itself. I think
it is a beneficial improvement; but I wish to sug-
gest to the honorable Senatorfrom North Carolina
the expediency of a proviso limiting the effect of
the bill to depositions which may be taken, say
within three months from the date of its passage.
As it now stands, it might affect depositions which
have already been taken, or may be in process of
being taken. I think I have heard of one such
case. I believe it would be better to fix such a
limitation.
It should be six months at
Mr. MASON,
least.
Mr. CHASE,
gests six months.
Mr. PETTIT.
operation.
Mr. CHASE.
The Senator from Virginia sug-
The bill has no retrospective
It
But difficulties might arise,
might lead to question.
Mr. BADGER. 1 must confess that, for one,
I am not for continuing for six months the right
of a man to take ex parte affidavits, and to read
them against his adversary. Every one ought to
have the opportunity of cross-examining a witness
whose testimony is to be used against him.
Mr. CHASE. The practice which it is now-
sought to correct has been in force ever since the
judicial organization of the courts of the United
States—ever since 17S9. Certainly a practice so
old as that ought not to be interrupted at once,
without some provision excepting from the opera-
tion of the bill those depositions which may be
taken before any notice of the act reaches the
parties. I move to amend the bill by adding this
proviso:
Piovulcd, That nothing in this act contained shall affect
deposiuons talion under existing provisions of law, until
after iliree months from the date of its passage,
Mr. BRODHEAD. Let it read that " this act
shall not take effect until three months from its
passage."
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I have no ob-
jection that there shall be a clause appended to
this bill declaring that it shall not take, effect until
the 4th of March, 1855; but beyond that I should
not be willing to go. So far as 1 am concerned,
if we had the power to do so, I would be willing
to declare that no deposition which has already
been taken without notice should be read in court,
because it is the grossest violation of all the prin-
ciples of justice, unknown anywhere in the world,
I believe, except in the courts of the United States.
Recently the Supreme Court, in delivering an opin-
ion, had occasion to remark upon the testimony of
about twenty witnesses taken in a collision cause.
The judge states that of these witnesses, so many
were on deck in a situation where they could not
see; so many on deck in a situation where they
could see; and so many in their beds and asleep;
and yet every man gave a clear, distinct, and un-
equivocal statement to the same manner of the
collision taking place. It drew attention to the
fact 
Mr. WELLER. I desire to ask my friend
from North Carolina what will be the effect of
this provision upon depositions which are now
being taken, for instance in the State of California ?
This bill, if it become a law, will be enforced fully
one month before any knowledge of it can reach
that State; and during that month what would be
its effect upon testimony there taken? Now, is it
not better that this law shall take effect from the
first Monday of May, if you choose to select that
day ? That would give ample time.
Mr. BADGER. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from California, that depositions taken without
notice ought to be taken over again.
Mr, WELLER. If a party takes a deposition
according to the law as it now stands, it would be
very hard to subject him to the additional expense
of taking that testimony over again. Taking tes-
timony in California is a very expensive business.
Mr. BADGER. The case put by the Senator
