1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
623
THE MILITARY ESTABLISHMENT.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Committee on Military
Affairs have instructed me to offer an amendment
to the bill to increase the present military estab-
lishment of the United States, and for other pur-
poses, in order to have it printed.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment' will be
received, and ordered to be printed, if there be no
objection.
There was no objection.
LIEUTENANT J. C. CARTER.
Mr. GWIN. The Committeeon Naval Affairs
to whom was referred House joint resolution for
the relief of Lieutenant J. C. Carter, have in-
structed rr.e to report it back with an amendment,
limiting the amount to be paid. X hope it will be
acted upon now.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the joint resolution. It pro-
poses to direct that in "the settlement of his ac-
counts, Lieutenant Carter shall be allowed such
expenses as were incurred by him, while acting
as purser on board the ship Massachusetts, under-
going repairs at San Francisco.
The amendment of the committee was to add:
Provided. The amount shall not exceed the sum of
$1,869 05.
The amendment was agreed to, and the joint
resolution was reported to the Senate as amended.
The amendment was concurred in, and ordered to
be engrossed, and the bill to a third reading. It
was read the third time, and '
IOWA LAND DISTRICTS.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands, to report a bill to
change the boundaries of the land districts in the
State of Iowa, and forother purposes. I ask the
indulgence of the Senate to consider it now. i will
state that if it is passed, it will establish three ad-
ditional land offices in the State of Iowa, making j
one less than they have in our neighboring State
of Illinois, there being ten in Illinois, and six now
in Iowa. The bill will give us nine. There are
two land offices, however, of these now established
which, under the provision for the closing of these
offices, will be closed during the present year.
That will leave us but seven. These land offices
are much needed in that section of the country,
and I hope the bill will be passed. i'
The bill was read twice. j!
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I should be very glad !l
if this bill would be permitted to go over until to-
morrow. I should like to examine the section
which relates to the new districts.
The PRESI DENT. If the Senator objects, the
bill will go over.
The bill was accordingly postponed until to-
morrow.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to be allowed to cali up the Indian
appropriation bill, so as to make it the special
order for Saturday next. I hope there will be no
objection to that. I move that the bill be taken
up for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to; and then, on motion
by Mr. Hunter, it was postponed to, and made
the special order for, one o'clock on Saturday
next.
DUTIES ON RAILROAD IRON.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to the consideration of the bill granting to railroad
companies three years in which to pay the duties j
on iron imported for railroad purposes. It will
direct the Secretary of the Treasury to extend the
time of payment of all duties (except only the
amount due in fees to custom-house officers) on
all iron rails, spikes, bolts, fastenings, or other
iron necessary for the construction of railroads,
for the term of three years from the time that such
iron may be received from the custom-house; but
before the delivery of the iron, the payment of the
duties thus suspended is to be secured by the
bonds of the company applying for it; and in the
event the commissioner of customs where the iron
may be shall not be satisfied of the entire solvency
of the company applying for the extension, he
may require such security, personal or otherwise,
as in his judgment will indemnify the United
States against loss.
The benefits of the bill will extend to all railroad
iron received and in bond on which the duties have
not been paid, as well as such as may hereafter
be received; but its provisions are to continue for
two years, and no longer, unless otherwise pro-
vided for by law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The Committee on Finance have
reported adversely upon the bill. The question
is on concurring in the report of the committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It will be remem-
bered that I had the honor to introduce this bill
into the Senate. In doing so, I was actuated by
a conviction, not only of its importance to the
railroad interests-of the country, but to that of
almost every other interest. I can scarcely con-
ceive of any interest that will be injuriously affected
by its passage, and many of the most important
interests of the country will be promoted by it.
The bill proposes simply to extend to railroad
companies a credit of three years for the collection
of the duties imposed upon railroad iron. I am
very well aware, Mr. President, that there are
those in the Senate, and out of it, who look with
some distrust upon this proposition, because they
apprehend that it is in antagonism to the protect-
ivepolicy. I beg leave, sir, to disabusetheminds
of Senators on that subject. I am free to declare
that I am, as I have ever been,and as I expect to
remain, the friend of the protective policy. I shall
not enter into an argument upon that subject.,
because it is not involved in the bill under consid-
eration. I am in favor of protection when it may
properly be applied, but I am not in favor of that
species of protection which seeks to impose bur-
dens upon the millions for the benefit of the few.
In other words, I am for a judicious protection, a
protection modified by reason, common sense,
and patriotism.
I regret exceedingly, Mr. President, that this
proposition comes here laboring under the embar-
rassment of an adverse report from the able Com-
mittee on Finance; but, embarrassing as this cir-
cumstance may be, and unequal as the contest is
thereby rendered, I do not despair of satisfying
even that committee and the Senate of the justice
and wisdom and propriety of this measure.
The bill does not propose a repeal of the duty
upon railroad iron. Itdoes not propose a refund-
ing of the duties already paid. It proposes sim-
ply an extension of credit to railroad companies
upon the duties on railroad iron. I am willing to
concede, and think I should be able to demon-
strate, the wisdom and propriety of a repeal of
the duties, and the refunding of those which have
been paid upon railroad iron; but I havenotasked
for it, not because I do not believe it to be just
and proper; but I have contented myself with
asking for that which, I suppose, every Senator
ought to be prepared to grant, and which will save
the railroad interests of the country from ruin
and destruction. I have not asked for it, because,
in asking it, I feared I might lose that which was
essential to the very existence of this interest.
You will remember, Mr. President, the Senate
will remember, that at one time there was a large
party in this country that not only advocated, but
approved and vindicated the policy of interna!
improvements by the General Government; and
I may be permitted to say, that in that party were
some of the brightest intellects of the age. At
that time also, it was the popular sentiment of the
country, and I believe it so remained until Gen-
eral Jackson's celebrated veto message on the
Maysvilie road. A fter that, this popular sentiment
was arrested; the tide was thrown back, and the
country settled down and acquiesced in the policy
of leaving these great works to the enterprise of
States and individuals. Many denied the exist-
ence of the power on the part of the Federal Gov-
ernment to make such works; others, who acqui-
esced in the existence of the power, denied its
expediency, and the country has acquiesced in
that decision; and under that national adjudica-
tion of the question, States and individuals have
come up to the work of making these internal
improvements for themselves.
I need not, Mr. President, and shall not, under-
take to enlighten the Senate upon the great bene-
fits which are conferred upon the country by the
construction of these works. It is a fruitful theme,
but it is one with which every Senator is doubtless
familiar. I might enlarge, if time permitted, and
if it were necessary, upon its advantages to the
country, to its agriculture, its commerce, its social
relations, its political relations, and its national
relations; and in this I might find abundant argu-
ment to satisfy the Senate and the country that
there is an absolute, indispensable obligation on-
the part of the Government, if not to extend its
aid, at least to withhold any burden or imposi-
tions from it. I submit to you and to the Senate
that it is a question of justice upon the part of this
Government. Under this national adjudication of
the question, this settlementof the question, leav-
ing the works of internal improvements to States
and individuals, I submit to the justice of the Sen-
ate this question—whether, after the States and
individuals have accepted of the adjudication, it ia
just, or equal, or wise,or beneficent, upon the part
of this Government to impose weights and bur-
dens upon them ?
The Govern men t, by its action, has said to States
and individuals, you embark in these works ofin-
ternal improvements, we can take no part or lot
in their execution, but we will throw no obstacles
in the way; and before I have done, I shall show
that that was the implied understanding between
the Government and the States, and individuals;
that, for a series of eleven years, they maintained,
in good faith, that implied obligation, and that, up
to 1843, that good faith was never violated. I
desire to say one word particularly to my friend
from Pennsylvania, for whom I have great respect.
He is here the peculiar representative of the iron
interest; or, in other words, he is the represent-
ative of the largest iron interest in the United States,
and will watch, with infinite care and vigilance,
everything which is calculated, in the most remote
degree, to affect that interest. If he has any ap-
prehension that this is to militate against the iron
interest of this country, I think he is mistaken, as
I shall be able to show. On the contrary, far from
its militating against the aggregate iron interest of
the country, I think it will be shown that it is, in
fact, an absolute protection to it. How shall I
demonstrate that ? I think I can demonstrate it
from facts and figures. There are now, according
to the best estimates that we have, and which I can
obtain from various sources—and I have first ex-
amined Andrews's report, which was made under
the direction of the Government of the United
States—there are, at this time, nineteen thousand
miles of railroad already constructed. It must be
remembered that these miles of railroad have cost
the States an aggregate sum of $600,000,000.
They have, from their own resources, contributed
$600,000,000 to open up the avenues of trade and
the commerce of the country, to develop it3 re-
sources, to strengthen the ties that bind us to-
gether by social and commercial relationship,
giving us all the advantages that grow out of
national defenses connected with these works.
This consideration should entitle them, at least,
to some respect and forbearance on the part of the
Government; but, in addition to nearly twenty
thousand miles which are in operation, it appears,
from the same report, that, in 1852, there were
twelve thousand miles then under construction. I
apprehend there is a much larger number of miles
under construction now than then, but, assuming
there are twelve thousand miles under construc-
tion now, we are to consider what effect the duties
imposed upon them have upon the prosecution of
these twelve thousand miles.
According to the opinion of some of the most
enlightened engineers of the country, if the duty
remains as it now stands, and no measure of re-
lief is afforded to the companies, at least one third
of that proportion of twelve thousand miles must be
suspended, perhaps indefinitely. Then you have
three thousand miles to be completed annually;
and, if you take one third of these three thousand
which are to be suspended annually by the imposi-
tion of the duty, and the withholding of relief,
then you suspend one thousand miles annually.
Now—and I ask the attention of my friend from
Pennsylvania—how much iron is required to con-
struct a railroad ? The character of the iron rails
which are now employed varies from fifty-six to
sixty-four pounds per yard. Take, then, sixty
pounds per yard as the average, and you find that
it will take one hundred tons per mile. You have
one hundred tons, then, for every mile; you sus-
pend one thousand miles per annum, and you have
that proportion of tons of iron suspended per an-
num. What is that iron worth? Its aggregate
value, for a series of years, is found to be about
