624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8.
fifty dollars per ton. Then you suspend, every
year, $5 000,000 in iron rails for the construction
of railroads. How does that operate upon the iron
interest, not only of this country, but of Europe?
It operates prejudicially upon the interests of this
country by withdrawing $5,000,000 worth of raits;
but that is an incidental question to the iron inter-
ests of this country, because there is a very small
proportion of our capital invested in the construc-
tion of rails. There are a few mills in Pennsyl-
vania, one in New Jersey, and some two or three
oth#rs. I believe there are now not more than six
or eight mills in the whole United States engaged
in the manufacture of rails. How much iron is
required for the construction of railroads per mile
in other varieties of iron? It takes one hundred
tons per mile for the construction of a road; and
it requires fifty tons of other varieties to be found
in your locomotives, your cars, your turnouts,
and all the uses to which those varieties of iron
can be applied. The aggregate cost of that thou-
sand miles of iron rails amounts to $5,000,000 per
annum; and the cost of the other varieties of iron
amounts to $5,300 a mile, making, at the end of
the year, a loss to the iron interest of $5,300,000.
1 provide in the bill that the credit shall be ex-
tended to railroad companies for all iron imported
for railroad purposes, including spikes, and rails,
and chairs. As to the spikes and chairs, there is
a very small portion of them imported; it is
scarcely worth mentioning at all. We can man-
ufacture them herebetterand for less money than
we can import them for, and it will be found, on
investigation, that nearly all the spikes and every
other variety of iron used for railroad purposes
are manufactured and purchased in this country,
and not imported from abroad.
But, Mr. President, this is the point. You sus-
pend, by adhering to the policy of requiring these
duties to be paid down promptly, a thousand miles
of railroad annually. You thereby lose to the
iron manufacturers $5,000,000 worth of rails, and
a demand for $5,300,000 of other varieties of iron.
1 submit to you, and to the Senate, whether the
aggregate iron interests of the country would not
be promoted by passing such acts of relief as will
enable these companies to go on building their
roads, and thereby give to the aggregate iron in-
terest tliis demand for the $5,300,000, which they
must inevitably lose under the present system?
But, Mr. President, there is another point.
The number of hands employed in the construc-
tion of railroads in this country, in all the various
branches and departments connected with them—
in the construction of the road itself, (he con-
struction of the locomotives, cars, engines, and !
all the various departments of labor connected
with it—is very great. I do not hold that it is the i
duty of this Government—I have never mam-
tamed that it is the duty of this Government—to
furnish labor to anybody. But I do maintain
that it is the doty of th  Government not to throw
obstacles in the way of labor, but by all fair and
legitimate means it is the duty of a wise and bene-
ficent Government to otferfacilitiesfor the laboring
and working men of the country. You can do
that by extending a credit to railroad companies,
on the duties on iron imported, and enable them
to go on with their work, thereby giving labor to
thousands and tens of thousands who would be
thrown out of employment if the works were
suspended.
Mr. President, these general questions seem to
me to commend the bill to the favorable consider-
ation of the Senate; but, leaving out of view the
wisdom of the policy, I am willing to risk it upon
the naked, abstract, isolated issue of honesty and
justice. I am willing to leave it to the justice, and
the fairness, and to the integrity of every Senator
here, when I have submitted the facts connected
with the legislation and history of the subject.
What is the history of the duty upon railroad
iron ? In 1830 an act was passed by the Congress
of the United States, granting to railroad compa-
nies a drawback upon all duties that had been
paid on railroad iron up to that time. Underthat
act a large amount of money was reimbursed
from the Treasury to the various railroad compa-
nies in the United States. In 1832 a similar act
was passed, extending the provision of the act of
1830. The act of 1832 remained in full force up
to the year 1841. Then, Mr. President, up to the
year 1841, not a single dollar of duty was ever
paid upon railroad iron which was not refunded
by the Government. From the very beginning of
the enterprise, from the starting of the first rail-
road in the United States up to the year 1841,1
repeat, no duty was ever paid upon railroad iron
that was not refunded by the Government. Why
was it ever refunded by the Government? The
act of 1832 provided that no duties should be
levied upon railroad iron where the iron was laid
in three years; and when duties were levied and
collected it was in those cases where the law of
1832 had not been complied with, -which required
them to lay the iron down in three years. In
every case where the duties were thus paid, it was
caused by an omission on the part of the compa-
nies to lay down the iron within three years; and
they came to the Congress of the United States
and asked it to refund the duties which they had
paid; and in every instance they were refunded to
the amount of upwards of $7,000,000.
In 1841, that ever-to-be-remembered, and, so
far as 1 am concerned, a much to be regretted ses-
sion of Congress, the extra session of 1841, they
found, as you well remember, the Treasury de-
pleted. It was said to be empty, and means were
resortedtotoreplenishit. In 1841 a duty of twenty
per cent, was levied on railroad iron, and that was
the beginning of the system of levying duties on
the labor and industry of the country, in the great
enterprise which is assigned to the State and to
individuals by the action of the Federal Govern-
ment. But, sir, in the act of 1841, while they
provided a duty of twenty percent, should be paid
upon railroad iron, they also provided that it
should not take effect until the 3d of March, 1843.
Then, in 1842, at the regular session of Congress,
when they came to revittt the tariff, thty changed
the act of 1841, so as to make a specific instead of
an ud valorem duty. The act of 1841 levied an ail
valorem duty of twenty percent.; the act of 1842
levied a specific duty of twenty-five dollars per
ton—more than the irun cost, mure than it was
worth in the market, a hundred percent, upon the
cost of the iron. It was an absolute prohibition
to the construction of railroads; but m tfaat same
bloody act of 1842, so far as that particular meas-
ure was concerned, thty provided that it should
not take effect until th: 3d of Marrh, 1843. Then,
Mr. President, on the 3d ot March, 1843, Congress
began to le i lat  upon railroad iron. Up to that
time not a single dollar had < ver been levied upon it
that was riot reimbursed to the parties themselves.
What has been the history since? In 1842 the
duty of twenty-five dollars a ton commenced.
That continued up to 1846, when the revision of
the tariff occurred, and specific duties were abol-
ished, and the ad valorem system was recnacted.
Then they levied a duty of thirty per cent, upon
railroad iron, and that duty has remained from
I&'IG down to the pressnt time. What is the
effect of that ? Tile amount of iron imported into
the United States from abroad I need not allude
to; butjuitat this point allow me to make one
suggestion for the consideration ef the Senate.
The question I submit is this: seeing that we
cannot, and do not, make ae much iron in the
United States as we consum*-, by upwards of
$20,000,000 per annum—for the records will show
that we imported last year §20,000,000 worth of
iron more than we manufactured in the United
States—is it not better for the iron interest of the
country, is it not better for every interest in the
country, that we should leave thia large amount
of $20,000,000 ef iron that we are consuming
annually, which we do not make, and which we
cannot make, because we want the capital and
facilities of intercourse, to be manufactured by
England and other foreign countries? We all
know very well that railroad iron is an inferior
character of iron, and i>! less profitable to the man-
ufacturer; and the question is, would it not be
better to leave that to them, and permit the iron
interest in this country to go forward and manu-
facture a more profitable iron to supply the deficit
which is constantly making, and the consumption
of which we have no means of supplying?
But, sir, I desire to show the injustice of this
legislation. In the last few years the railroad
companies of the United States have paid alone in
th  item of duties, upwards of $10,000,000. In the
last four years we have paid just ^10,750,997 60.
That is the exact amount which has been paid
according to the books.
Now, Mr. President, you have levied a tax in
four years upon that character of labor and in-
dustry, which, I maintain, is more beneficial to
the country than any otlier character of labor and
enterprise in it. You have imposed a tax of ten
millions upon that labor alone. Is that just, is it
fair, is it equal ? I submit it to the integrity and
fairness of every Senator here. By your system
of legislation, you have denied that the Federal
Government has the power, or if it has the power,
that it would be inexpedient to exercise it m
making these improvements; you have said to the
States and individuals, go forward and make
them, and when they have embarked in them
under the system which you have indorsed your-
selves for eleven or twelve years, by withholding
the imposition of any burden upon them, is it fair
and just now to impose a tax of $10,000,000, in
four years, upon that labor ? If it is just, I am not
able to see it.
But another gross injustice is connected with it.
These railroad improvements are calculated to
develop the resources of the country, and are more
efficient, and are accomplishing more, in their
development than any other means; aiad they are
alone calculated to develop those resources of the
country which will enable us to supply the great
deficit between the demand and the consumption
which we now labor under. If you permit the
railroad enterprise to go on and penetrate your
region of country which now possesses, unques-
tionably, mines of iron, and let those roads open
up the avenues of trade and commerce, in the next
ten years, instead of $20,000,000 worth of iron
per year coming from abroad, you will have that
iron manufactured at home, and save all the ne-
cessity for this foreign importation.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to submit the case,
especially to the Senators from the old States. I
believe the first railroad that was built in the Uni-
ted States went into operation about the year 1824.
Then, from 1824 up to 1843, a large proportion of
all the roads in the old States were made. Take
the New England States, take New York, take
Pennsylvania, take South Carolina, and take Geor-
gia, and you will find that most of the roads were
made between 1824 and 1843. Now, gentlemen,
you were permitted to make these internal im-
provements without the imposition of any tax;
you have enjoyed the benefits of the protection of
this wise Government of ours; you have gone for-
ward and consummated those great works of im-
provement, which entitle you to the gratitude of
the country. But, sirs, you were not subjected to
the imposition of the duties, the taxes, which are
now imposed upon the younger States; and I
again submit the question to your fairness and
justice: Will you impose the tax upon the State
of Tennessee, or Kentucky, or Mississippi, or
Arkansas, or Missouri, or any of the younger
States of this Union, which could not embark in
these works of internal improvement when you
did, because there was no necessity for them, no
d emand for them, no such commerce as required it;
and, in addition to that, no such means as would
have enabled them to do it? When we now have
the means to commence them, can you reconcile
it to your sense of justice to impose this burden
and tax upon us which was not imposed upon
you ? You have made your improvements with-
out being subjected to these taxes, and now will
you put a tax of $10,000,000 upon the younger
States in the making of their works of improve-
ment which will benefit the Union ?
I have said that $7,000,000 in the way of duties
have been refunded to the various railroad com-
panies in the United States. To whom were those
duties refunded ? I have the list of many of them
here. They were refunded to the New England
States chiefly, to Pennsylvania and to New York.
In Pennsylvania alone in the way of refunded
duties, they have received upwards of |l,000,000,
to say nothing about the vast amount of iron on
the roads which have been constructed, upon
which no duty was ever paid. Then Pennsyl-
vania, New York, and New England 'have paid
but a very small amount at any period of time for
the construction of their roads, I have the spe-
cial acts here showing the roads that received the
benefit of this drawback upon the iron which was
not laid down, according to the act of 1832, in
three years. Then, when you have enjoyed all
these benefits, I ask you, in the name of justice,
I ask you in the name of fairness; I ask you in
the name of that fraternal relationship that ought
to exist between the members ofthe same family,
