626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
because many of the city and corporation bonds
which were held abroad were issued on therailroad
account for the purpose of constructing railroads.
These railroad corporations, therefore, have de-
ranged the currency.
The Senator from Tennessee says, if you pass
this bill, a thousand miles and more of railroads
will be constructed than otherwise would be.
Sir, we have been constructing our roads too fast;
it has withdrawn capital from oiher enterprises.
We ought not to construct in this country—the
legitimate wants of the country do not require—
more than twenty-five hundred miles per annum.
Mr. President, the bill does not propose that the
credit shall be given on the railroad iron imported
for first tracks only. It goes the whole figure, and
extends to railroad iron, imported for second
tracks, for repairs, and spikes, and chairs con-
nected with them. If it was confined to first
tracks, it would not be so objectionable.
The iron interests of this country have now as
hard times as those who are engaged in construct-
ing railroads. Will you interfere ? If you do, I,
claim special legislation for the greatiron interest,
as well as for the great railroad interest. A nation
is great, prosperous, and progressive, in propor-
tion to the iron which is manufactured and con-
sumed. But the honorable Senator from Tennes-
see informs us that this bill will notinjure the iron
interest generally, because the manufacturers of
iron will turn their attention to making other arti-
cles, and will not engage in making railroad iron.
How is that?
In the year 1854, about one hundred and sixty
thousand tons of railroad iron were manufactured
in this country. In that business there was a
capital invested of $10,000,000. They consumed
over two hundred thousand tonsof pig iron, eight
hundred thousand tons of coal, and over two hun-
dred thousand tons of limestone; so that there is
a large amount of iron used in the manufacture of
the rails. The iron business of this country will
have a hard time of it for years to come. I doubt
whether it will ever be a money-making business.
Railroad companies make much more money, as
I can show by statistics which I have on my table,
than those who are engaged in the manufacture of
iron, and it will continue to be so; because, in
1853, it was supposed that all the available spots
for making iron in Great Britain had been occu-
pied. Here is an important fact to which I wish
to call the attention of the Senate: In 1852, it was
supposed that all the available spots for making
iron in Great Britain had been occupied, but in
that year a new discovery of ore was made on the
east coast of England, where heretofore no iron
industry had existed. In the oolitic formation of
the Cleveland Hills, an immense deposit of iron
stone was found. A minute description of these
and other recently discovered deposits in England
can be found in Mr. Blackwell's lecture on the iron
making resources of the United Kingdom. The
lecture was delivered in 1853. With what extra-
ordinary energy these resources have been turned
to account, the following extract of a letter writ-
ten to a friend of mine, by Professor Wilson, who
was in this country in 1853, and who has recently
been appointed Professor of Agriculture in the
University of Edinburgh, will show. His letter
bears date the 5th of September, 1854:
" In the iron manufacture here, all is thriving and in-
creasing enormously in production. The oolite beds have
proved most valuable. Indeed, already in ihe Cleveland
district there are about seventy to eighty large furnaces
already either in work or m progress, equal to a make of
something like five hundred thousand tons per annum. In
Staffordshire, loo, where bolll ores and fuel were getting
•canty, large deposits of both have recently been hit upon
in Cannock Chase. These have quite revived the midland
iron masters."
The annual production in Great Britain is about
two million seven hundred thousand tons. During
the last year more than seventy new furnaces have
been put up there, which will afford an addition of
over five hundred thousand tons. So that the
product in England is almost equal to the entire
demand of the whole world. When that market
is pressed upon, the price of iron becomes high,
and when that market is abstained from, it he-
comes cheap; so that whenever we cease to man-
ufacture iron in this country under a proper
competition tariff, we have to pay more for it in
England. Since 1845, millions of dollars have
been invested by our own citizens in the enterprise
of getting skilled labor, and carrying on the busi-
ness of making railroad iron, and they now pro-
duce one hundred and sixty thousand tons of a
first rate article, which comes in competition with
the English article. If this competition be broken
down by such a measure as this, the effect can
easily be seen.
Mr. President, I stated in the commencement
of my remarks that this measure was contrary to
principle and the settled revenue policy of the
country. It is a well-known fact that most of our
revenue is derived from the duties imposed on
iron, broad cloths, woolen goods, silks, and sugar.
Will any gentleman tell me why the duty should
be taken off railroad iron, and not off woolen
goods or sugar? You receive about the same
amount of revenue from sugar duties that you do
from railroad iron duties. Can any one give a
reason why the duty should be taken off railroad
iron, and retained on sugar, which is an article of
general consumption? Why not extend the same
privilege to the consumers of woolen goods?
Why do not those who use sugar and woolen
goods ask this favor at our hands ? It is because
capital is not combined for the purpose. There
are no large corporations, such as these railroad
companies, to press such a measure with the in-
flueticeof capital. When you get the duties taken
off these articles, how are you to get your rev-
enue ?
I know, sir, there are many gentlemen who are
for absolute free trade, or for the lowest duties; but
they are the men who always vote the largest
appropriations; and that is a very good way to get
popular. During the war of 1812 there was a
member of Congress who voted for the war, who
voted for the largest supplies, the largest number
of men, and the highest pay; but who would never
vote for a dollar of taxation. " Liberal appropri-
ation and no taxation" was his motto. It is very
easy to become popular by proposing not to tax
the people at all; and give them all the money they
ask.
Sir, this is a proposition for class legislation, to
build up the railroad interest at the expense of one
of the great manufacturing interests of this coun-
try, which, it seems to me, is not sustainable on
any ground of justice or policy. It is violative of
one great principle of taxation-—to impose the bur-
dens of the Governmenton all alike. Why should
you make the poor man who wears broadcloth or
woolen goods pay duty on those articles, and not
tax the gentleman who rides on railroads? This
proposition is unjust to those who have heretofore
constructed railroads; because it will enable those
who construct them now to derive advantages
which have not been extended to others. Iron can
now be obtained for a less price than formerly.
The duty has nothing to do with the price. From
1832 to 1842, when there was no duty, the iron
was higher than it is now, with a duty of thirty
per centum. Railroad iron was never so cheap as
under the thirty per centum act of 1^46, and never
so hi h as when it came in free of duty.
Mr. WELLER. I wish to ask my friend from
Pennsylvania a question. He seems to have
devoted a good deal of time to the examination
of this subject, and he has no doubt acquired all
the information that is necessary to put the Sen-
ate in possession of the facts. Now, I desire to
know from him how many manufacturers there
are in the United States of railroad iron, and how
many persons are employed in its manufacture?
My object is to get at the number of persons in-
terested in keeping up the present high duty upon
railroad iron.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will endeavor to accom-
modate my friend from California. In 1854 there
were sixteen rail-making manufactories, and they
made that year about one hundred and sixty thou-
sand tons, according to the best information I
have obtained from those engaged in that trade.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to ask the Senator whence
he derives the information which he has just stated
to the Senate ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I obtained it from a news-
paper publication, which has never been contra-
dicted, so far as I know.
Mr. CLAY. It is an anonymous one. I have
seen it myself.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I could read over the
names of the mills which it states, and show, if it
were necessary, that they are in blast, that they
were built for the purpose, that they are struggling
along, and that when you strike down these estab-
lishments you have to depend entirely on the Eng-
lish market, which, when pressed upon, becomes
very high. It appears, from official tables, as I
shall presently show, that we paid more for rail-
road iron when it was admitted duty free than we
do now. This is the effect of depending on Eng-
land for our supply. In 1845 the manufacture of
railroad iron was commenced in this country. It
is a new branch of industry in the United States,
requiring great capital, much skilled labor, and
great energy. Why should it be stricken down
by railroad jobbers ? I say this is pressed by rail-
road jobbers; they are the leaders in the move-
ment. However much railroads may be desired
by honest people, they are frequently pushed for-
ward by jobbers. You cannot properly construct
more than two thousand five hundred miles a
year. When you go beyond that, you press upon
the English market, and of course the price of
iron becomes high.
Mr. WELLER. I asked what was the number
of persons employed in this country in the manu-
facture of railroad iron?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not know how many
persons the mills employ; but the number must
be very large; and, besides the number of those
directly employed, you should take into consider-
ation the persons who raise breadstuff's for them,
and those who produce the coal, iron ore, lime
stone, and pig-iron necessarily consumed in the
production of iron for rails. I have before re-
marked that the price of railroad iron has been
highest when it has come in duty free. Here ia
an official table showing the price of railway iron
from 1832 to 1840 when no duty was imposed on
it:
1832.,
lass-
ie.
1835.
£6 17s. 6d.—$34 73
7 0 0 35 00
8 5 0 4t 25
11 0 0 S5 00
1830  19 10 O 6i 50
1837    10 7 0 51 75
183 8  11 2 0 55 50
183 9  11 2 0 55 50
184 0  11 17 0 59 37
At the present time the best rails can be bought
for fifteen or twenty dollars per ton less than at
this time last year. Is not this a large decline in
one year ? Does not this reduction weigh heavily
upon our manufacturers, without adopting a meas-
ure like this the effect of which will be ruinous to
them ?
This bill, in my judgment, is violative of the
plighted faith of the Government. By the pledges
given when the tariff act of 1846 was adopted, the
manufacturers of railroad iron were encouraged
to go into the business; they are now engaged in
it after the expenditure of a very large sum of
money; and this bill will be destructive to them.
1 have some evidence as to the principle on which
the act of 1846 was founded. Mr. Robert J.
Walker, in his annual report as Secretary of the
Treasury, in December, 1845, said:
" Whilst a due regard to the ju*l and equal rights of all
classes forbids a discrimination in favor of the manufac-
turer, bv duties above the lowest revenue limit, no disposi-
tion is felt to discriminate against tKem, by reducing such
duties as operate in their favor below that standard."
Is not this a proposition to discriminate against
the manufacturer m favor of the consumer ? Is it
not, therpfore,a violation of the principle on which
the act of 1846 was based? Again, when the bill
of 1846 was presented to the country as a revenue
measure, Secretary Walker, in his report, held
the following language:
" Stability in the tariff and currency is what the manufac-
turer should most desire. Let the tariff be permanently
adjusted by a return to reasonable and moderate revenue
duties, which, when imposed truly and in good faith for
that purpose, will yield sufficient advantage to afford rea-
sonable profits; and let this permanent system (and none
other can be permanent) be established, and the manufac-
turer, ill a serifs of years, will derive the greatest benefits
from the >.ystem. The tariff has been changed and modi-
fied thirty times since the first bill, being more than once
on an average for every Congress since the Government
was founded ; and it is vain to expect permanency from
anything but a revenue tariff. Stability is what the manu-
facturer should desire, and especially that the question
should be taken out of the arena of politics by a just and
permanent settlement."
Thus, itappears that, in 1846, we were promised
by the Secretary of the Treasury, who had a large
share in the preparation of the tariff act of that
year, that it was to be a permanent measure. The
same promise was made in the House of Repre-
sentatives, by the gentleman who reported that
bill, [Mr. McKay.] It was supposed that a
permanent system would suit the manufacturers
