1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
627
better than the fluctuating policy which had before
prevailed. The same idea is to be found in the
reports of Mr. Guthrie, the present Secretary of
the Treasury. In hiscircufar issued nearly a year
ago, with a view to obtain information which would
enable him to recommend a revision of the act of
1846, he held this language:
"The existing tariffhaving been designed, generally and
substantially, for revenue, and for a fair and equal operation,
both as tetween the various sections of the country and the
various branches of industry, the same objeeis should
undoubtedly be kept in view, and the reductions, if any
shall be made, sfiouttt be so arranged as to afford an equal
participation in the benefit to every interest and to every
section
And upon the information thus obtained, in his
annual report he makes the following wise sug-
gestion, upon which I hope we shall be able to
come to some compromise between the producer
and consumer:
" Tt is not proposed to change the principle of ad valorem
duties, but it is lor the consideration of Congress, whether
a specific duty on iron, made from the average of the last
three or four years' ad valorem duties, might not gjve
greater stability to the iron business, and more satisfaoiion
t<> conMiiiierSj and, at the same time, prove equally bene-
ficial to the revenue,"
I consider it unnecessary to adduce further evi-
dence to show that this bill is a violation of the
settled revenue policy of the country as adopted
in the act of 1846. The evidence which I have
already presented is, in my opinion, conclusive on
that point.
The honorable Senator from Tennessee, as a
reason for the passage of the bill, said, that we
have now a redundant Treasury. I admit we
have a full Treasury; but we shall not long remain
in that condition. I think the probability is, that
much of it will be got rid of by legislation; and
besides, there is a great falling off in the revenue.
I have tables from the Treasury Department,
showing a very large decrease of revenue within
the last few months. It is not wonderful that it
should be so. The railroad corporations have
brought a crisis on the country. They have run
up a fearful amount of foreign indebtedness
against us. Our gold and silver are sent abroad
to pay the interest on this indebtedness. This
withdraws from the country part of the capital
necessary for its business, and acts injuriously on
all branches of industry.
I do not intend, as I have already suggested, to
go into a discussion of the tariff policy of the
country; but I will make this general remark: I
reject alike the free trade and the protective theory.
Neither can be carried into successful effect. I
do not believe, sir, that human wisdom can make
a tariff law which will stand against the designs
of Providence, and overrule the natural laws of
trade and commerce. When the act of 1846 was
adopted, it was supposed to be a rash measure;
but that act was aided in a manner which was not
expected by those who designed it. In 1847
there was a famine in Europe, and we received
$20,000,000 from abroad for our breadstuff's. In
1849, gold was discovered in California. Both
these circumstances operated in favor of the act of
1846, and contributed to swell the revenue under
it. The great reason urged now for a reduction
of the tariff is, that we receive too much revenue.
1 think that in a year or eighteen months from this
time, we shall not complain of aredundantTreas-
ury. But admit the force of this argument; ad-
mit that it is proper to reduce the duties for the
purpose of lessening the revenue; 1 say it should
be done generally and impartially. You ought
not to take off the duty on railroad iron, and
retain it on sugar and woolen goods. You ought
not to sustain the railroad-making interest at the
expense of another great branch of American in-
dustry.
Mr. President, I do not fear the passage of this
bill, but I do fear the result of an effort which I
expect will be made to amend the civil and diplo-
matic, or some other appropriation bill, by insert-
ing a proposition to take off the duty on railroad
iron, or refund $10,000,000 or $12,000,000, paid
heretofore by railroad companies, i am aware of
the fact thatgentlemen plead instructions to justify
themselves in voting for such a proposition. The
honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,]
when it was offered two years ago, as an amend-
ment to the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill,
alleged that he was instructed by his Legislature
to support it. My friends from Alabama tell me
that they are instructed to vote to take off the duty
which is now imposed on railroad iron. Well,
sir, suppose the Senators from Michigan, and
from Pennsylvania, had yielded to such instruc-
tions in regard to the Wilmot proviso, and the
Missouri compromise, where would have been
the adjustment measures of 1850, and the Kansas-
Nebraska act of last year? I resisted the Wilmot
proviso, notwithstanding the instructions of the
Legislature of my State. I do not think gentlemen
here should now yield to instructions for a measure
like this, which are got up by the agency of those
who have a deep interest in the question. For
my own part, 1 recognize instructions coming
from my own party—not always those from the
opposition.
1 hope, sir, this measure will not be pressed
upon us. Its friends have no assurance that,
even if it be successful here, it will be taken up in
the House of Representatives. They have de-
clined to consider a bill proposing a general revision
of the tariff policy of the country; and surely such
a measure as this should be considered only as
part of a general proposition to reduce duties.
This is partial, class legislation, for the benefit of
a particular set of individuals. In this respect, it
comes before us ill a most objectionable form. If
this bill be passed, it should be accompanied by a
proposition to refund these duties to those com-
panies who have heretofore paid them, and to give
to those who have used American iron a sum
equal to that which they would have paid as
duties, if they had used the foreign article. In
every point of view in which 1 look at this bill, it
strikes me as exceptionable. I trust it will not
receive the sanction of the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
am not at all surprised that the Senator from
Pennsylvania should attack this proposition, for
we all know the nerve which he exhibits on every
occasion, and the vigilance with which he watches
all the peculiar and local interests ot Pennsylvania;
but I am surprised, in fact, I confess myself pro-
foundly astonished, at the means which he has
employed to defeat the bill. 1 am amazed at the
arguments which he has used. I grant that, if
you will permit him to assume his positions, he
may maintain them; but I utterly deny to hinj the
right to assume that which is not to be seen in the
bill, but which is a simple deduction of his own
fruitful imagination. W here does the Senator find
in the bill that it is a proposition to repeal or to
refund duties upon railroad iron ? There is no
such measure before the Senate. Nothing like
that is contemplated by the bill. It is merely a
suggestion of his fancy. To sustain that assump-
tion, he read a resolution adopted by a commiltee
of a railroad convention held in Richmond, Vir-
ginia, in which the opinion was expressed that
it was proper and right to refund the duties. He
cannot find in this bill any such proposal. This
is simply to allow a credit of three years for the
duties.
Mr. President, is it not strange, passing strange,
that the Senator should attempt to throw preju-
dice on this bill by referring to the doctrine of
instruction ? What possible connection has the
doctrine of instruction with the question before
us? Why should he lug into this debate the Wil-
mot proviso? Does he wish to arouse the preju-
dice of Senators upon that question? Why did
he appeal to the Senators from Virginia and Ala-
bama to know whether or riot they would obey
the instructions of their Legislatures on this ques-
tion? Why did he go out of his way to read a
lecture to them on the doctrine of instruction? I
have not learned that those Senators are not fully
competent to determine for themselves how far
they are bound by the instructions of their States.
I presume they are abundantly adequate to the
task, and when the time comes they will not only
have the capacity, but they will have the nerve to
stand up and obey, or disobey, their instructions
according to their own consciences and their obli-
gations to the Constitution and to the country. I
think it was gratuitous on the part of the Senator
to go out of his way to attempt to throw preju-
dices on this bill by endeavoringto mix itup with
other questions. If I were disposed to debate the
doctrine of instruction with him, I think 1 could
show that it would be difficult for him to find any-
thing in the Constitution authorizing him to obey
the instructions of his own party alone, if he
chose, or not, as he pleased, if that be the doc-
trine of instruction, I am against it. I hold that
if the right exists anywhere, it must exist in the
Legislatures of the States.
The Senator from Pennsylvania, by way of
throwing odium upon this measure, coupled
another with it. He told us that a committee
assembled in the city of New York and passed a
resolution that each railroad company in the Uni-
ted States should pay them $100 to go to the city of
Washington, and endeavor to secure the repeal of
the duty on railroad iron, and that for this service,
in the event that they were successful, they were
to receive five per cent, of the amount refunded or
repealed. Will that Senator pretend to say that
there is a single railroad company in the United
States which indorsed that proposition ? I put
the question to him, and pause for a reply.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I know this much: that
the five gentlemen whose names 1 read to the Sen-
ate, stated that they acted in pursuance of instruc-
tions from a meeting of those engaged in the con-
struction of railroads. They said that there was
a meeting of railroad gentlemen in the city of New
York, and that that meeting appointed them a
committee. I take it for granted they told the
truth.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is just as I sup-
posed; the Senator takes for granted ihings which
are not to be found in existence. I have before
me a paper from a reliable authority on that sub-
ject, and 1 can enlighten the Senator as to it. The
celebrated meeting to which he refers, was com-
posed of six or seven gentlemen who thought, I
suppose, that there was a good opportunity to
make a handsome speculation. They got together
in the Astor House in the city of New York, or-
ganized themselves into a railroad meeting, formed
a committee, and passed a resolution, making
themselves a committee; but not a railroad com-
pany in the United States, as I understand, ever
assented to the proposition on which the Senator
commented. But suppose the companies had as-
sented to it, is it to be used here as an argument
to prejudice a proposition for the benefit of other
roads who did not take a part in any such pro-
ceedings? Surely it seems to me to be a strange
and unfair mode of treating a subject like this.
A most extraordinary remark, made by the
honorable Senator in the opening of his speech
was, that this proposition wasunjustand ungener-
ous. Unjust to whom ? Unjust to a single human
being? Ungenerous in what? Ungenerous in
simply giving to the railroad companies of the
United States three years in which to pay the
duties levied by theGovernment on railroad iron?
There is the injustice; there is the ungenerousness
of the proposition which the Senator assails ! He
assumes that the bonds, which this bill requires of
the companies, will never be paid. Is there any-
thing in the bill which says that they shall not be
paid ? On the contrary, the bill provides expressly
that they shall be paid; and not only that, but the
collector of the customs of the port where the iron
may be delivered, is required to take such satisfac-
tory security as will indemnify the Government
and insure the payment of the bonds.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Will my friend allow me
to make a remark here?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Certainly.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have stated that these
bonds will never be paid, and I believe it to be so.
In the first place, the railroad companies them-
selves will be unable to pay them. Most of their
roads are already mortgaged for as much as they
can pay. Again, we have a precedent on this
subject: bonds given for similar duties have been
remitted; and I believe, if this bill passes, and
bonds be taken under it, they will also be re-
mitted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am always will-
ing to yield the floor, with great pleasure, to the
honorable Senator for explanation, but not for an
argument. He assumes that the bonds will not
be paid This is an assumption without any evi-
dence to sustain it. There is nothing in the bill
which warrants any such assumption. The Sen-
ator is equally unfortunate in saying that bonds
issued for the same purpose have been remitted.
He is greatly mistaken in that. To my knowl-
edge no such bonds ever were remitted. 1 haveex-
amined the legislation of Congress, from beginning
to end, without finding authority for any such
assertion. The duties which were refunded were
those which weie paid upon the failure of thecom-
panies to lay down the iron within three years, as
