628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February S,
provided for in the act of 1839. No bonds were
taken from them, but they were required to pay
the duty because they had not complied with the
Jaw; and the acts passed subsequently simply re-
funded to them the duties thus paid. There were
no bonds taken at all.
The Senator says railroads are not entitled to
this consideration. I do not ask it alone for rail-
roads, as one class of industry; but 1 place the
bill upon great principles of justice. The Senator
says it is unjust and ungenerous. Hewillfind, by
reference to the reports of the Treasury Depart-
ment, that over $4,000,000 of duties on railroad iron
have been refunded, ofwhich over $1,000,000 were
refunded to the State of Pennsylvania alone. Is
this the injustice of which the Senator complains?
It was no injustice when Pennsylvania was taking
out of the Treasury money which had been paid
for railroad iron. But when Tennessee and the
younger States come here and ask simply for a
credit, the Senator lifts up his hands in holy horror,
and says,what wonderful injustice is this! Will the
Senator apply that argument to his own constitu-
ents, and say it was unjust and ungenerous for
the Government lo refund to them more than
$1,000,000 of duties which they had paid ?
He says the present measure will operate preju-
dicially upon the iron interest, and he appeals to
us to know if we are going to stand up to sustain
a great monopoly, the railroad interest of the
country, and thereby crush the prospects of the
manufacturers of iron ? No, sir; i will not occupy
such a position. I have always been in favor of
sustaining the iron interest, and in my first re-
marks on this subject, I endeavored to prove that
the effect of this measure would ultimately be to
benefit that interest. The Senatordid not attempt
to answer that argument. 1 showed by figures,
that, by the system of imposing heavy duties, and
requiring immediate payment, you prevent the
construction of a thousand miles of railroad per
annum, and that thereby the iron manufactur-
ers lose customers to the amount of more than
$10,000,000 a year. The Senator could notanswer
the argument; buthe told us that $10,000,000 are
invested in rolling mills for the manufacture of
rails. Granted. Then, according to his posi-
tion, for the purpose of sustaining the capital of
$10,000,000, you are imposing a tax of millions
every year upon more than $800,000,000 of capi-
tal. That is protection with a vengeance ! It is
protecting $10,000,000 of capital by imposing a
tax on eight hundred millions of labor, and that,
too, in the ratio of $3,000,000 per annv.m! In
four years, under the present system, you levy
upon the working classes of this country, in the
shape of duties for railroad iron, more than the
whole amount of capital invested in rolling mills
in the United States for the construction of rail-
road iron. In other words, we now tax twenty-
five millions of people to support a few hundred
or a few thousand. That is the species of pro-
tection against which I am warring, and which
I think is contrary to the genius and spirit of an
intelligent country like this.
The honorable Senator says he does not come
here now to ask any assistance from us for this
interest in his State, because Pennsylvania paid
the money to build her roads, whereas our roads
are being constructed by the process of " kiting."
This is a new word; I do not exactly kno%v what
it means; but I presume the honorable Senator
intended to say that we are building our roads by
the use of our credit, by selling the bonds of the
companies and of States issued to aid them. Now
let me inform him, that, with the exception of
New York, his own State, Pennsylvania, lias
done more kiting than all the States in the Ameri-
can Union put together. She has more kites flying
now, in the shape of bonds and securities, than
any State in the Union, except New York, and
much more than all the southern States put to-
gether. He ought to be the advocate of kiting;
for he is the representative of the very prince of
Inters, and of the whole kiting family. [Laugh-
ter.] What is the result of the Senator's kiting
proposition ? Simply [his: That the citizens of
Pennsylvania, one of the old Slates, one of the
wealthy States, which has received the benefits of
the commerce of the West; in which, has been
centered for years past upwards of millions of dol- i
lars worth of property sent there from my section i
of the country—having grown rich out of the toil j
of the people of my section, are wealthy enough
to build their own roads; but we are so poor as
to be compelled to resort to credit. The Senator,
with the magnanimity pertaining to his character,
says: " Because you are poor, and cannot pay
down the money, you shall not have any of the
benefits which have been accorded to the older
States of the Union." God save me from such jus-
tice as that. If that be one oi tile effects of kiting,
I pray that this country may be saved from all
such kiting hereafter.
The Senator went on to read a lecture on polit-
ical economy by way of charging on the country
great folly and indiscretion m constructing too
many railroads. I have the highest respect for
the intelligence of that Senator, and much regard
for his goodness of heart, but 1 think my con-
stituency are as competent to decide for themselves
whether their interest will be promoted by extend-
ing their credit in the opening of the highways of
trade, and travel, and intercommunication, as that
honorable Senator is. And while they cherish for
him great admiration, I hardly think they will call
a meeting of their Legislature and reverse that
action m view of the suggestions which he has
made. They may do so; but I do not apprehend
they will.
The Senator presented what was, to my mind,
another remarkable proposition. He says that,
enormous as this measure is, it would be rid of
much of its enormity if it were confined to new
tracks. There is a distinction without a differ-
ence, I think. If I were here to legislate for my
constituency alone without reference to that equal-
ity which ought to exist in the legislation of the
country; if I were looking simply to the interests
of the people of Tennessee, without reference to
those of Pennsylvania and the older States, 1
should be content to confine this measure to new
tracks, because, in my State, we have no old tracks
to relay. In Pennsylvania, and New York, and
New England, they may have old tracks to re-
lay. It would be unjust to pass an act discrimin-
ating between the iron to be laid down on a new
track, and that necessary to be laid down on an
old track. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company, through Maryland and Virginia, is in-
creasing the tracks of its road. Would it be jus-
tice to that company to say: "We will give you
credit for the rails which you wish to lay down
on your new track, but we will not give you
credit on the rails which you may lay down on
your old track?"
The Senator says this is an antagonism to pro-
tection. Now, I think that the protection at pres-
ent accorded to the railroad interest, independent
of the existing duty of thirty per cent., is suffi-
cient. The protection which results fiom freights
and exchange alone amounts to between three and
five dollars per ton. Under all the circumstances
of the case, I believe that is protection enough;
but I do not raise that question; 1 waive it—1 do
not ask in this bill for a remission of a single cent
of duties, but for a credit. We are told that this
is contrary to principle. What principle ? Was
it contrary to principle when it applied to Penn-
sylvania? No, sir. Was it contrary to principle
when it applied to Maryland, New York, Georgia,
South Carolina, and the New England States?
There was no complaint then; but now it is said
to be contrary to principle. Why? Because it is
contended the tariff of 1846 is a permanent thing.
Really, sir, that idea is something new under the
sun. Whence does the Senator derive informa- j
tion to that effect ? lie read from the report of
Mr. Walker, then Secretary of the Treasury; but
he never advanced any such idea. Mr. Widker
simply said it was the interest of the manufacturer
that there should bs permanence in the tariff.
Now, the Senator tells us that the tariff of 1846 is
a permanent thing, and that it is a violation of
principle to touch it. The same argumentapplies
to every tariff that ever did exist, or that ever can
exist. Will the Senator pretend to say that it
was a violation of principle to repeal the tariff of
1828—the " bloody tariff"—upon which the Dem-
ocratic party came into power, and by means of
which they have materially maintained that power?
No, sir. If it be a violation of principle now to
interfere with the tariff of 184G, how stands the
case with the honorable gentleman himself? On
the same principle, Congress ought never to have
interfered with the tariff of 1842, and thereby we
stand charged before the country with a violation
of principle. The tariff of 1842 imposed a specific
duty of twenty-five dollars per ton on railroad
iron. Congress repealed that enormous duty by
the act of 1846, bringing it do wn to thirty per cent.
ad valorem. Now, the Senator tells us that it is a
violation of good faith between the Government
and the manufacturers of railroad iron to reduce,
or remit, or give a credit for that duty. If that
hypothesis be assumed and recognized by the Sen-
ate and Congress of the United States, all future
legislation on the subject of tariffs will be in vio-
lation of prinoiple and of good faith.
I apprehend that, when the proper time comes,
that honorable Senator himself will be for revising
the tariff. We know that he will be for revising
it in some parts. I apprehend that then he will
not be found standing up here to maintain the in-
violability of the tariff of 1846. That, like every
other tariff, is subject to alteration or amendment
according to the wisdom of Congress, dependent
on the exigencies of the country. But, sir, I
wish to read a few names for the especial benefit
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, and to com-
mend them to his particulsfr attention on this occa-
sion. In 1832, a bill was passed for the exemption
of railroad iron from duty. It was passed during
the Administration of General Jackson, who, I
believe, stands at the head and front of the Dem-
ocratic party. Will that Senator pretend to say,
that an act which received the sanction and ap-
proval of the leader of his party, Andrew Jack-
son, is a violation of principle? Did that distin-
guished man violate any great Democratic prin-
ciple when he assented to the act of 1832, allowing
railroad iron to come in free of duty, and refund-
ing those duties which had been heretofore paid
on it? If you will examine the records, you will
find that some of the most distinguished men in
the Congress of the United States approved that
policy. Let me give a "few names for the espe-
cial benefit of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
I find the names of Calhoun, Clay, Woodbury,
Webster, Buchanan, Robert J. Walker, Marcy,
Clayton, Bell, of Tennessee, Boyd, McDuffie,
Polk, Livingston, Wright, Tazewell, William R.
lung, Abbott Lawrence, John M. Berrien, Crit-
tenden, Whittlesey, Johnson, Troup, Dickerson,
of New Jersey, Sevier, Hugh L. White, Caleb
Cushing, General Hayne, John Gtuincy Adams,
P. B. Barbour, and a host.of others. Will any
man pretend to say that these gentlemen violated
any great principle when they recognized the wis-
dom, the policy, and the justice of allowing rail-
road iron to be imported free of duty, after the
great national adjudication of the question of in-
ternal improvements, which denied to the Federal
Government the power to make such roads, and
assigned the exercise of the power to the States,
and to individuals. These distinguished men, to
whom I have alluded, are found on the record'as
having given their assent to such a policy; but
now, we are told, thatitis a violation of principle.
The honorable Senator says there are now in
operation m the United States sixteen mills en-
gaged in the construction of railroad iron. I have
the same pnper from which, I presume, he de-
rived that statement. I have searched the census
returns diligently from beginning to end; but I
can find there no information whatever on that
subject. The only datum I find is a vagrant
newspaper publication which I have seen, esti-
mating the number of mills at sixteen, and the
aggregate amount of production at one hundred
and sixty thousand tons. Now, I undertake to
say that out of these sixteen mills, fully one half
have suspended, because of a want of ability to
go on. It requires a larger amount of capital to
be invested in the construction of railroad iron,
than in any other description of iron. It is much
larger, much heavier, and much more costly.
Hence, these mills have not been able to continue
the manufacture of railroad iron even at the enor-
mous price at which it has been sold. According
to the theory o^ the Senator, if we are to sustain
these sixteen mills at the expense of twenty-five
millions of people interested in railroads, let me
tell him the duty of thirty percent, is not enough,
all<? he have to invade that great inviolable
tariff of 1846, and put the duty at fifty or sixty
per cent. They cannot compete with foreign
manufactures in rails, for the simple reason that
they have not got the capital. I might illustrate
tms very fully if I had time, or if it were neces-
sary, but I hope it is not necessary.
Mr. President, I do not feel that it is proper for
