1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
629
me to detain the Senate longer on this subject. I
submit the bill to the. Senate upon its merits, and
I beg gentlemen to discard from their minds all the
conjectures and interpolations of the Senator from
Pennsylvania. He speaks of the bill as if it were
a provision for repealing the duty on railroad iron;
but it is no such thing. He assumes, at any rate,
that if we give the credit proposed by this bill now,
we shall hereafter remit the duty altogether. I see-
no ground for such an apprehension; but suppose
Congress should hereafter do so, what then? Is
the Senator unwilling to place the younger States
of the Union upon an equal footing with their
older sisters? Can he reconcile it to his con vie- |
tions of justice to deny to us the benefits which I
his constituency have enjoyed—to refuse to the
younger States those advantages which have been
granted to the old States. I am content to leave
the question with the Senate, upon considerations
of justice, equity, liberality, and generosity. I
shall abide by their decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
The question is on concurring in the adverse
report made by the Committee on Finance.
• Mr. BADGER. I suppose the question is on
the bill.
Mr. WELLER. The committee report the
bill with a recommendation that it be rejected;
but the question is on the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
adopt the suggestion of Senators. The biil then
is before the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
and subject to amendment.
Mr. PEARCE. I should like to have an op-
portunity of looking a little further into this matter, j
This discussion is entirely new to me. Both the
gentlemen who have participated in it, havestated
facts which I have not before heard, and which I
should like to have an opportunity of examining.
I move, therefore, to postpone the further consid-
eration of the subject until to-morrow.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no objec-
tion.
Mr. BRODHEAD. To-morrow will be private
bill day.
Mr. PEARCE. Then I will say Monday. I
move to postpone the further consideration of the
subject until Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
OHIO JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
A messase from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk, announced that
they had passed, without amendment, the bill of
the Senate to divide the State of Ohio into two
judicial districts, and to provide for holding the
circuit and district courts of the United States
therein.
MAIL TO CALIFORNIA.
Mr. WELLER asked, and by unanimous con-
Bent obtained, leave to introduce a bill providing
for an express mail overland from St. Louis,
Missouri, to San Francisco, California; which
was read the first time, and ordered to a second
reading.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT BANGOR.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
Bent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the necessity of making an appropriation for
furnishing the building erected for a ciistoin-liouse, court-
room, and post office, at Bangor, Maine.
JAPAN EXPEDITION.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We have on our tables a
report from the Secretary of S:ate, communicating
the correspondence in relation to the Japan expe-
dition. The document amounts to nearly two
hundred pages. Under a standing rule of the
Senate, our documents are not bound unless they
reach two hundred and fifty pages. As this is of
some value, and one which all Senators would
desire to keep, I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to submit a motion that those copies,
which have been ordered for the use of the Senate,
be bound. ...
Mr. JOHNSON. That proposition ought prop-
erly to be referred to the Committee on Printing.
I must be compelled to ask that all such questions
be referred to the proper committee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I simply make the motion.
I am content to allow it to be referred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
will be referred to the Committee on Printing.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 8, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee, in the chair) laid before the House a
communication from the President of the United
States, transmitting a "letter from the Secretary of
the Interior, with accompanying papers, in refer-
ence to the treaty between the United States and
the Chippewa Indians, and recommending certain
appropriations to be made; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, another communication from the Presi-
dent, transmitting a letter from" the Secretary of
the Interior, with accompanying papers, in refer-
ence to the colonization of Indians in California,
and recommending certain appropriations to be
made for that purpose; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
consent of the House to take up, from the Speak-
er's table, a Senate bill, commonly known as the
swamp land bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I demand the regular
order of business.
JUDICIARY BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then the motion
of the gentleman from Illinois is not in order.
This day ha3 been assigned by the House for the
consideration of business reported by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. Theregular order of business
is, therefore, the reception of reports from that com-
mittee.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I have sev-
eral reports which I desire to make from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CHANDLER. I would ask the gentle-
men upon the other side of the House to allow
the bill which has been pending before the House
for several days in the morning hour, to be dis-
posed of. It will require but a few minutes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is not the regular order
of business during the morning hour the consid-
eration of the diplomatic and consular bill?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This entire day
was set apart, by a two-third vote of the House,
for the consideration of business reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was anxious to get at
this business as Eoon as possible, but I will with-
draw my objection to the consideration of the
diplomatic and consular bill.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. If the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will call the previous ques-
tion upon his bill, and print his remarks, I will
yield the floor for that purpose, with the under-
standing that the vote is not to be taken to-day.
Mr WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I object to
any bargains being made.
Mr. STANTON. 1 desire to know whether, if
the main question be ordered upon the diplomatic
and consular bill, it will be competent forme to call
for the special order, and allow the final vote upon
that bill to go over for another day ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair thinks
that if the House were to progress so far as to
order the main question to be now put, there
would be some doubt whether the bill could then
be passed over without unanimous consent.
BILLS REPORTED.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported a bill to prevent
malicious trespasses upon property within the
District of Columbia; which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the State of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a bill providing compensation to the
owners of property in the City of Washington
injured by alteration of streets by autherity of
the United States; which was likewise read a first
and second time by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, a&d
ordered to be printed.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN TENNESSEE.
Mr. STANTON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill changing the times of holding the
United States courts in Tennessee; which was
read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. STANTON. This is a change which has
been requested by the district and circuit judges.
The bill simply changes the time for holding the
courts, and as there can be no objection to it, I
ask that it may be put upon its passage.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. ETHER1DGE. I would ask the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary whether
he has received any communication from the law-
yers of the western part of the State, remonstra-
ting against the times of holding thecourts in west
Tennessee ?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; I have hot.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Has no objection been
made to the change proposed by this bill?
Mr. STANTON. I think not. The judges
request it.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read a third time, and passed.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN FLORIDA.
Mr. STANTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report a bill to pro-
vide for holding the United States courts in the
northern and southern districts of Florida, in case
of the sickness or disability of either of the judges
of those districts.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. STANTON. This bill is only to provide
for a casus omissus in the existing law. There is,
at present, no provision by which either of the
judges in the two districts of Florida, in case of the
sickness of either of those judges, can hold the
courts for the other. The biil is simply to provide
for that case. I ask that it be put upon its pas-
sage.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read a third time, and passed.
OPINIONS OF THE ATTORNEYS GENERAL.
Mr. STANTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report a bill to author-
ize the printing of the opinions of the Attorneys
General.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. STANTON. This is a bill which, I ap-
prehend, will be unanimously concurred in; and
I therefore request that it may be put upon its
The bill was read. It provides that, from tim«
to time, whenever the opinions of the Attorney
General shall have accumulated in sufficient num-
bers, the President shall cause the same to be
indexed, and printed by the public printer, and
bound in volumes of convenient size, and in num-
bers sufficient for distribution, as heretofore au-
thorized by law.
Mr. STANTON. The Attorney General in-
forms me that there is a very considerable accu-
mulation of opinions now ready to be printed.
The Committee on the Judiciary have thought it
better to provide by a general law for the printing
of these opinions oy the public printer whenever
the President thinks proper. I presume there can
be no objection to the bill, and I hope it will be
passed.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read a third time, and passed.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAWS OF THE ©NITED STATES.
Mr. STANTON. I am also instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to report a bill pro-
viding for a revision of the laws of the United
States. .
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title. it
Mr. STANTON. The Committee on the Ju-
