630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
diciary were instructed, by a resolution of the
House, to inquire into the expediency of provid-
ing by law tor the revision of the laws of the
United States. I do not intend to enter into any
debate upon the subject; and if it gives rise to any
debate, I shall move that the bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. But I think that the bill ought to pass
without any difficulty, and without much debate.
I believe it is a fact, that every State in the Union
has revised its laws, except, perhaps, those that
have been admitted within a few years past—some
of them once; more of them oftener. The laws
of the United States are of a very complex and
complicated character. I have conversed on this
subject with the Attorney General and the Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court, and both those
gentlemen have informed me that the passage of
this act is very desirable It provides for two
commissioners, with a salary of $3,000 each, to
revise and arrange the laws of the United States
in a convenient form, to be printed and submitted
to Congress. You know, Mr. Speaker, that many
of the most important provisions of public laws
are found scattered through various bills, and that
the indexes necessarily give no sort of informa-
tion as to the items contained in these bills. The
Chief Justice of the United States informs me that
sometimes he has to hunt for public laws among
private acts; and every gentleman in this House
'knows that this is the case. Every gentleman
knows that many important laws have been mod-
ified and altered in this way; so that it becomes a
matter of difficulty, and one which occupies a
considerable amount of time, to trace out new
enactments, by which alterations in the character
of a law have been, from time to time, made.
Now, the whole expense of this commission
would be only about $18,000, a very small matter
compared wiLh the great importance of the object
to be attained. I think the bill ought to be passed
without giving rise to any opposition.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 think, Mr. Speaker, that it
is better to have this bill referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
printed. I therefore make the motion that it be
so referred.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
CIRCUIT COURT IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. STANTON, from the same committee,
also reported a bill to establish a circuit court of
the United States in and for the State of Cali-
fornia; which was read a first and second time by
its title, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
SALARIES OF DISTRICT JUDGES.
Mr. PARKER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back, without
amendment, House bill (No. 337) to regulate the
salaries of the district judges of the United States,
and to ask that the bill be put upon us passage.
The bill, which was read, enacts that the district
judges of the United States shall receive, as com-
pensation for their services, the following yearly
salaries, to be paid quarterly out of the Treasury,
to wit:
The judges of the districts of the States of
Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Rhode Island,
Connecticut, Delaware, New Jersey, Iowa, and
Wisconsin, §2,000.
The judge of the northern district of Florida,
950
# The judges of the western district of Virginia,
North Carolina, eastern, western, and middledis-
tricts of Tennessee, northern and southern dis-
tricts of Mississippi, western district of Pennsyl-
vania, western district of Louisiana, Texas, Xien-
tucky, Ohio, Indiana, Missouri, eastern and
western districts of Arkansas, Illinois, and Michi-
gan. $2,500. . _ ,
The judges of the districts of Greorgia, bouth
Carolina, eastern district of Virginia, northern
district of New York, northern arid southern dis-
tricts of Alabama, $2,750, .
The judges of the districts of Maryland, Mas-
sachusetts, eastern district of Pennsylvania,
southern district of Florida, and southern district
of California, $3,000.
The jud e of the southern district of Louisiana,
S3,500: n
The judgeof thesouthern districtof New York,"
§3,750.
The judge of the northern district of California,
$5,000:
Mr. PARKER. I move the previous question
on the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. PH ELP3. I hope the bill will be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on Ihestateof the
Union. I do not, from the mere reading at the
Clerk's desk, understand the proposed rates of
salaries, and 1 therefore desire to see the bill
printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Why, the
bill has been printed for a whole year.
Mr. PHELPS. Was the bill printed last ses-
sion ?
Mr, PARKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. WALLEY. 1 hope the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Parker] will withdraw his call for
the previous question, as I desire to propose an
amendment increasing the proposed salary of the
district judge of Massachusetts.
Mr. PARKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts (Mr. Wallet] will recollect that he pro-
posed this matter to me at the last session of Con-
gress. There are several other cases of a similar
character, where members think that the salaries
of their district judges ought to be increased
beyond the rate proposed in the bill, and if 
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (interrupting.)
The Chair must remind gentlemen that debate is
out of order.
The question being on seconding the demand for
the previous question,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dcnham and
Pringle were appointed.
'flie question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes eighty-one, noes not counted.
After the tellers had resumed their seats,
Mr. SKELTON demanded acount of the other
side.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is too late;
the question has been decided.
So the previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third tune; and having been engrossed and
read a third time,
Mr. PARKER demanded the previous question
upon the passage of the bill, which was seconded,
and the main question ordered to be put.
Thequestion being " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. OLDS demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
108, nays 44; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abererombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willie Allen, Applelon, Thomas II. Hayly, Benson, Bliss,
llocoek, Bridges, Brihtow, Buyg, Carutllers, Caskie,
Chamberlain, Chandler, Chastain, Chr™an, (Jlark, Cor-
win, Crocker, Cullom, Cummins, Thomas Davis Disney,
Dunbar, ISaslman, Eilgrrtoii, Edinands, Thomas I). 13 ml,
F.therulge, Farlev, Faulkner, Florence, Franklin, Fuller,
Gonde, Green, Greenwood, Grey, Andrew .1. Harlan,
Haven, Hendricks Hibbard, Howe, Hushes, Html, Icger-
soll, Johnson, Kerr, Lane, Latham, Li'teher, Lewis I.lntls-
ley, Macdonald, Mace, Blalteson, Maurice, Maxwell,
May, Middleswarth, Noble, Norton, Mordeeai Oliver,
Parker, Peckhain, John Perkins, Phelps Phillips, Pratt,
Reese, Riddle, David Ritchie, Thomas Kitchey, Robbms,
Rogers, Russell, Sabin, Seward, Seymour, Shannon,
Shower, William Smith, William It. Smith, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, HestorL. Stevens, Stratlon,
Straub, Andrew Stuart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Teller, Thurston, Unbam, Vansant, Wade, Wal-
bridge, W.illev, Warren, Elhliu Washlmrrie, John Went
worth, Tapptin Wentworth, Ilendrick 11. Wright, and
Zolheoffer—108.
nays—Messrs. Ball, Bennett, Carpenter, Chngrnan,
Colin Cox,John G Davis Dawson, Dunham, Flasler,
Gamble, Giddmgs, Grow, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Wiley
I'. Harris, Heun, Houston, Daniel T. Jones, George W.
Jones, Roland Jones, KiltredifC, Knox, Kurtz, Lamb,
Ijtfly, McCulloch, McQueen, Mavall, Smith Miller, Mor-
gan, Morrison, M urray, Nichols, Olds, Orr, Packer, Bishop
Perkins, Pringle, Ituffin, Sapp, Shaw, Simmons, Skelton,
John J. Taylor, Tracy, Trout, Israel Washtiurn.and Wells
—44.
After the call of the roll was completed,
Mr. PURYEAR stated that if he had been
present, he should have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. BANKS also stated that he would have
voted in the affirmative, if he had been present.
Mr. PARKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill wa§ passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
JUDGES WOODBRIDGE AND CHIPMAN.
Mr. PARKER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back a joint res-
olutidn explanatory of the act giving compensation
to Judges Woodbridge and Chipman.
I will explain to the House, in a moment, the
object of this joint resolution. It is intended
merely to correct a mistake made at the last ses-
sion of Congress. There was a bill, which came
to this House from the Senate, providing for the
compensation of Judge Morell, for services ren-
dered in the Territory of Michigan, which was
amended in this House by inserting the names
of Judges Woodbridge and Chipman. That brli
provided for the payment of some four thousand
dollars more than Congress intended they should
receive, and the object of this joint resolution is to
explain the mistake, and save that amount to the
Treasury.
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. 1 move to
amend the bill by inserting the name of Judge
Ross Wilkins, of Michigan. He should be in-
cluded in the act also, and be put upon the same
footing with these other judges, as he performed
services of the same character.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I would ask the
Chair if the resolution which passed the other
day, setting aside this day for the consideration of
business reported by the Judiciary Committee,
contemplated the consideration of private business
also?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The resolution,
as the Chair understood it, was to consider busi-
ness of a public character only.
Mr. JONES. I move, then, that thismatter be
referred to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. PARKER. The bill is of a public charac-
ter, as it has for its object the saving of $4,000 to
the Treasury.
Mr. EDGERTON. I have an amendment to
offer to the bill, and I move to insert the names of
Judges Ross Wilkins and James Witherell, so
that the bill may provide for the same payment to
these gentlemen, as to Judges Woodbridge and
Chipman.
Mr. RITCHIE. The amendment which the
gentleman from Ohio indicates, covers the case
for which I desired to make provision. It is pre-
cisely of the same character as the bill, and relates
to the same kind of compensation.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstands the resolution reported by the gentleman
from Indiana to be a limitation upon the compen-
sation of the judges named therein, while the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio is to in-
crease the compensation.
Mr. RITCHIE. The amendment simply makes
provision fortwo gentlemen who rendered services
of the same character as the gentlemen named in
the bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides that the amendment is not in order as an
amendment to the joint resolution.
Mr. PARKER. I call for the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The resolution was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and having been engrossed
and read a third time, was passed.
THOMaS WOODWARD.
On motion by Mr. PARKER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged froin the further consideration of the memorial of
Thomas Woodward, and that it be laid upon the table.
OFFENCES AGAINST THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to ask that the Commit-
tee of the Whole House be discharged from the
further consideration of House bill No. 710, and
that it be put upon its passage. The bill will give
rise to no debate.
The bill was reported, as follows:
A bill more effectually to provide for the pun-
ishmentofcertain crimes against the United States.
The hill was then read in extenso.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Seymour,] under the instructions
of the Judiciary Committee, moves that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union be
discharged from the fbrther consideration of the
bill which has just been read, that it be brought
into the House and put upon its passage.
