1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
635
because they were the decisions of the courts of
last resort, they were the law of those States.
Well, now, how is it in regard to this matter?
By a law made by Virginia before the cession of
her territory, the Executive and Council of Vir-
ginia were made the tribunal of last resort, to de-
cide who was entitled to these land warrants.
By the law of 1850 we provided for a review of
the decisions of that tribunal; but for what reason ?
The construction given to the law by Judge Un-
derwood, of Kentucky, in the letter which has
been reid by my colleague from the Richmond dis-
trict, [Mr. Caskie,] is precisely the understanding
that I had at the time that law was passed, or I
never could have voted for it. It was never in-
tended to authorize the Commissionerof the Land
Office to go behind the decisions of the tribunal of
last resort in Virginia to reverse the principle upon
which those decisions were made, but only in case
of manifest error or fraud on the part of individual
claimants. We never contemplated that he was to
go behind the decisions of the tribunals of last
resort in Virginia, and to undertake to say that
that tribunal had decided wrong on the principle.
But if the individual entitled to the benefit on
that principle, through fraud, or misrepresentation,
or anything else, was not the individual who was
likely to reap its advantages, we were not only
willing, but anxious, that, to that extent, there
should be such a review. But, in this instance,
the Commissioner of the Land Office undertakes
to say that such men as Giles, and Tazewell, and
McDowell, did not understand the laws of their
own State, and that the principle which they set-
tled was incorrect., That was not the meaning of
the law. Nobody can controvert that.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I have not risen
with any view of detaining the House for any
length of time. On the contrary, I am particu-
larly anxious that this bill shall be disposed of
promptly, as we have other measures of very
great importance that we are anxious to bring be-
fore the House before the day closes.
But I desire to remark that the Judiciary Com-
mittee took very great care to ascertain what were
the views of the Commissioner of the Land Office
in regard to this measure. The honorable mem-
ber from Indiana, [Mr. Parker,] a member of that
committee, framed some interrogatories, and by
an order of the committee they were transmitted
to that officer. He was respectfully requested to
furnish the committee with his views. We could
get no information from him. He was respect-
fully called upon to answer the interrogatories,
and he has never done it. And now, when the
bill is before the House, a gentleman rises in his
place and asks that the House will defer action
until a subordinate officer in one of the Depart-
ments here shall have time to lay his views before
the House! Sir, what right has such an officer to
ask any such privilege.5 What right has he to
come here and interfere with the regular proceed-
ings of the House of Representatives ? The Com-
missioner of the Land Office has no right to be
heard here except when he is called upon especially
for his views, and as he refused to answer the in-
terrogatories of the Committee on the Judiciary, he
ought not now to expect that any fuither atten-
tion will be paid to his wishes.
Mr. COBB. I would inquire of thegentleman,
whether the Commissioner of the Land Office has
refused to answer those interrogatories? He
told me this morning that he was anxious to
do so.
Mr. KERR. I state again that the Committee
on the Judiciary framed certain interrogatories,
which were sent to him, with a request that he
would answer them. I state the additional fact,
that he has not answered them.
Mr. COBB. Ah! that is a very different thing.
Mr. KERR. He promised to do it, and even
designated the time when he would do it, but he
let that time pass by without doing it.
Mr. EASTMAN. Has he done it since?
Mr. KERR. He has not done it yet, although
more than two weeks have elapsed.
Mr. Speaker, this is the plainest case that I
have ever had to consider. Everybody who had
any connection with the framing or passage of
this bill originally, entertains the opinion that the
construction placed upon it by the Commissioner
of the Land Office is erroneous. Sir, the con-
struction contended for by the Commissioner is
absurd upon the face of it. It never coula have
been in the contemplation of the American Con-
gress to give to a subordinate officer in a Depart-
ment here, ti e high privilege of reviewing and
reversing ihe decisions of the executive and judici-
ary departments of the Slate of Virginia.
Mr. M1LLS0N. Will the gentleman from
North Carolina yield me the floor for a few mo-
ments?
Mr. KERR. Certainly, sir.
Mr. MILLSON. In confirmation of what my
friend from North Carolina [Mr. Kerr] has just
said, I say—and from my connection with the
act, of which the present bill is designed to be a
legislative exposition, it may be incumbent on
me to say—that it was I who, early in the last
Congress, introduced the bill providing for the sat-
isfaction of outstanding Virginia land warrants. I
called up the bill towards the close <jf the first ses-
sion of that Congress. In the mean time I was
informed that a bill would be introduced into the
Senate by Judge Underwood, for the same object,
but differing, in some respects, from the bill which
I had introduced. His bill, as 1 was told, pro-
posed to allow the Department of the Interior to
revise the warrants to the extent of suppressing
those, and those only, which could be ascertained
to have been issued through the fraud of the claim-
ant, or which, by new evidence, might be discovered
to be palpably unjust. Well, sir, regarding even
that modification of my bill as, to some extent, an
implied reflection upon the executive authorities
of my State, and being unwilling to subject their
decisions, which, at the time of the cession of the
land by Virginia to the United States, it was agreed
should be final and conclusive to the revision of
any Department at Washington, I declined to ac-
cede to it. Many of my colleagues were willing
to do so; and I was, myself, finally persuaded to
acquiesce; but 1 was, I believe, the very lat-t among
them who consented to agree to the bill in the
modified form in which it passed the Senate; and
that was, as we all understand it, to allow the Sec-
retary of the Interior to withhold warran's only
in those cases where it was known that they were
obtained through the fraud of the -claimant, or
where, by the production of subsequent testimony,
there was manifest error in their issue.
But I say for myself—and 1 speak the sentiments
of all my colleagues—that I never would have
consented to a measure implying such an insult to
the authorities of my native State, as that of allow-
ing their decisions upon subjects as to which they
were constituted the supreme judicial tribunal,
to be revised by any one of the Departments at
Washington, and of allowing these cases to be
presented de novo, as original demands, to be
adjudged here upon the production of evidence
before the Department of the Interior. And when
I was informed that that construction was put
upon the law by the Department 1 inquired at
once, " If that be so, why did not the Commis-
sioner enter, also, into the investigation of those
claims which had been rejected by the authorities
of Virginia?" For, if the Department treat these
applications as original demands, then it may be
that the Commissioner of the Land Office here
may differ as much from the authorities of Vir-
ginia in allowing a claim which they rejected, as
in rejecting a claim which they allowed.
But, sir, the Department does not go to that
extent. The cases rejected by Virginia are con-
sidered as conclusively settled against the claim-
ants. There is no revisipn of the decisions of
Virginia as to these. ' The Commissioner, or Sec-
retary, takes the cases allowed by the tribunals
of Virginia, and excluding all those disallowed,
treats those allowed cases as cases of original
application. I do not complain that he does not
receive the applications of those whose cases have
been rejected by Virginia. Of course no such
applications have been made to him, and the act
of Congress does not provide for any such cases.
But the very fact that the act does not allow a
revision of the cases rejected by Virginia, ought
to have shown him that it never was the intention
of the law to have these cases examined de now as
original applications. All he has to do is to see
that the warrants were fairly and justly issued,
according to the laws of Virginia, and it is not for
him to dispute the correctness of any conclusion,
either as to law or fact, if the decision was fairly
andjustly made.
Mr. KERR. One word more, sir. I feel re-
luctant to protract the debate, for I se« signs of
great impatience manifested around me; but really,
sir, I cannot help feeling a little sensitive at the
remarks of the honorable gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Cobb] just now made.
Mr. COBB. I said nothing offensive, sir.
Mr. KERR. Nothing personally offensive to
me particularly, more than to anybody else who
honors old Virginia. I am not now a citizen of
Virginia, but 1 am a native of that State. The
idea of a gentleman on this floor talking about
Virginia accepting a charity at the hands of this
General Government, when she merely asked that
the Government should pay thesoldiers who fought
the battles of the revolutionary war—and pay
them, too, out of a fund which she gave the Gov-
ernment—why, sir, this is simply preposterous.
Mr. COBB. Let me ask the gentleman from
North Carolina one question. 1 want to satisfy
him.
Mr.KERR. Notjustnow. Sir, Virginia gave
to the United States the fairest domain that was
ever given by one Government to another; and
whatever of charity has been done in the case,
was done by Virginia to this Government, and not
by the Government to Virginia. How would this
Government ever have met its obligations; how
could it ever have adjusted the debts which it owed
at the close of the revolutionary war, if Virginia
had not set the magnanimous example of giving to
this Government her immense domain in order to
enable it to do so ?
Mr. COBB. Will thegentleman from North
Carolina allow me to explain a word which I
used ?
Mr. KERR. Certainly.
Mr. COBB. I stated that the act of 1852 was,
I considered, a charity to the State of Virginia, so
far as its provisions applied. I feel as much in-
terest in Virginia as any man. My father was a
Virginian, and, though my mother was not, I am,
therefore, of Virginia stock. [Laughter.] I say
now, and I repeat, that the act of 1852—I am not
going beyond that—was an act of charity. Now,
why ? The object which I had in view—-
Mr. KERR, (interrupting.) I did not yield the
floor to the gentleman from Alabama for the pur-
pose of allowing him to make another argument.
Mr. COBB. I do not want to make another
argument. I wish merely to explain the word
" charity."
Mr.ICERR. Oh, well; we do not want that
explained; for 1 suppose everybody here knows
what it means.
I suppose, sir, the fact is well known to every
gentleman in this House, who is informed on the
subject, that the Government of the United States
has already received into its Treasury some
POO,000,000 as the proceeds of the sales of the
ianus which Virginia gave to the Government.
Then, sir, there is no earthly foundation for the
remark that Virginia has received this bill as a
charity; and, therefore, the remark is an unjust
reflection which every native son of Virginia, who
is true to the land of his birth, and is actuated by
the true spirit of her sons, will repel here or else-
where. In conclusion, sir, I demand the previous
question.
Mr. MAY. Will the gentleman withdraw his
call for the previous question ?
Mr. KERR. Yes; if you will renew it.
Mr. MAY. I will do that.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I ask the gentleman
from North Carolina if he will withdraw his call
for the previous question, and yield me the floor
for a moment?
Mr. KERR. I have already withdrawn the
demand for the previous question in favor of my
friend from Maryland, [Mr. Mat,] who is to
renew it.
Mr. TAYLOR. I wish to make an inquiry of
the gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. MAY. That gentleman has withdrawn
the previous question,and yielded the floor to me
for a moment.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from North Carolina withdrew the^ call for the
previous question, but he has no right to yield
the floor. ,
Mr KERR. No. I did not withdraw the call
for Ihe previous question. .
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair un-
derstood that the gei.tlsman did withdraw the call
for the previous question.
Mr. KERR. No, sir; I said that I would
