686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8, -
withdraw it if the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
May] obtained the floor, and would renew the
call.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I shall detain the
House but a very few minutes with the remarks
I desire to make, and ( will then call the previous
question, if the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Kerr] desires it. This bill is one of very
great interest to my constituents, as well as to the
constituents of the gentleman from Virginia, as
my district comprises a portion of the Virginia
military land district in Ohio. The bill now under
consideration is one which, in my opinion, ought
to pass this House without any delay. I was a
member of Congress in 1852, when the bill passed
making further provision for the satisfaction of
Virginia land warrants. It was stated, in favor
of the bill authorizing the issuing of land scrip,
that four million acres of land were reserved by
Virginia when she ceded the Northwestern Terri-
tory, and that sixty thousand acres of very poor
land remained, which is the only land in the State
of Ohio that is not yet surveyed; and that was
not of sufficient value to be taken up by any indi-
vidual. I say this much for the benefit of my
friend from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] because that
land still remains unsurveyed and unappropriated,
and is not of sufficient value to justify the location
of any warrants upon it.
The object of this bill is, as I understand, to
enable the Secretary of the Interior to carry into
effect the intention of Congress in passing the bill
of 1852. By this act, it seems to me, the Secre-
tary of the Interior was required, where the war-
rants were issued by the authority of the Governor
and Executive Council of Virginia, before he issued
the warrants, to ascertain, by a revision of the
proofs, and by additional testimony, whether the
warrants were properly issued—were fraudulent
or not. Why, there is no Secretary of the Inte-
rior, or public man at the seat of Government,
whose time would permit him to make such an
investigation; nor would it be safe to-confide it to
any one individual connected with that Depart-
ment. Congress, deeming it better in this matter,
to rely upon the intelligent gentlemen who might
fill the Executive chair of Virginia and the Ex-
ecutive Council of the State, who had examined
the applications for these warrants, and issued
them to such of her citizens as were deemed justly
entitled to them, did not contemplate, 1 am sure,
when they passed the act of 1852, that the Secre-
tary of the Interior should go behind that proof to
satisfy himself whether the parties receiving war-
rants were properly entitled to them or not. That
law is found to operate very hard upon many
honest holders of these warrants, who purchased
them in good faith from the original holders. Let
me state a case: The original holder of one of
these warrants, for a thousand acres, given for
services in the war of the Revolution, may have
parted with it, and the party now holding it may
have located it partially, from time to time, and
may have exhausted seven hundred and fifty acres
of it, if you please, but is unwilling to locate the
remainder of it upon the refuse lands now left in
the district. There are many such cases.
The purchaser has sent his certificates of loca-
tion of his warrant to the Land Office, and has re-
ceived from the United States patents for seven
hundred and fifty acres of land; but lie is now
required t© go behind the original warrant and
make proof for the balance of two hundred and
fifty acres. It is an absurd conclusion to draw,
that the Congress of the United States, when they
passed the act of August 31, 1852, intended that
the Secretary of the Interior should £0 behind the
examination required to be made by the Governor
and Executive Council of Virginia, and the proof
necessary to be adduced before them, as to the
identity of th* parties and the honesty of the
claims, prior to the issue of the warrants. The
bill now introduced is intended as declaratory of
the intention of Congress, and to do an act of
great justice to the holders of these warrants. It
applies only to those warrants issued prior to the
1st of March, 1852 The holders of these war-
rants, whether they be original holders or bona fide
holders by purchase, wiil have a right, under the
bill before up, to surrender them, and the Secretary
of the Interior may issue scrip for them by the
provisions of this act, without being required to
go into an examination of the original proofs
upon which the warrant issued. Thar* is very
little land in the Virginia military land district to j
be located by the holders of these warrants, and
I beg the House to understand that they have ;
not now the right even to locate warrants upon '
these lands. They are deprived of them for want j
of additional legislation, and cannot get scrip by j
the decision of the Secretary of the Interior; and j
the object of this bill is simply to give.the con-
struction to the act of 1852 that Congress intended
it should have. I earnestly trust, therefore, that
the House will no longer delay the passage of so
just an act. In accordance with my promise, I
renew the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question being first upon committing the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, it was taken; and, upon division,
there were—ayes forty-three; noes not counted.
Mr. HAMILTON demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Clingman and Reese
were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 57, noes 68; whereupon
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. FLAGLER. I move that the House do
now* adjourn.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion to
refer the hill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and resulted—yeas 50,
nays 98; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs JamesC. Allen, Belcher, Bennett,Ben-
son, Campbell, Carpenter, Chase, Clark, Cobb, John G.
Davis*, Thomas l)nvis, Dunham, Eastman, Eiljjerton,
Thomas 1). Fliot. Flagler, OJuhhnes. Goodrich, Goodwin,
Grow, Hamilton, Hastings, Haven, Hendricks, Ilenn. Hies-
t< r. Johnson, Dam<l T. Jones, Knot, Lilly, Mcculloch,
' Middle«<\vanh, Morgan, Murray, Noble, Norton, Paeker,
i Pennington Pringle, Reese, Rnssell. Mise, Sapp, Skelton,
Stratum Andrew Stuart. Tiaey,Trout, Wade, and Tappan
Wont worth— ;"0.
NAYS—Messrs. Abererombie, Aiken, AppJeton, Ashe,
Thomas II. Ra\)v, Ball, Rnrksdnle, Bnrry, Benton, Bo-
i:oek, Beyce, B-idges, Brlsiow, ttugg, Caskie, Chandler,
Chri n>an. Clmgnian, Cook, Corwm, Cttllom, Cutting,
Dawson, Ellison, Farley, Faulkner, Florence, Franklin,
(jinode, Greenwood, Grey, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. liar-
Ian, Hlichen, Hum, Geoige W. Jones, J. (Jlancv Jones,
Roland Jones, Keitr, Kerr, Kittredge, Lamb, Latham,
Letcher, Lewis, Lindsley, MoHougalLMcMullin. MeNair,
Maurice, MaxwfJI, May. Million, Morrison, Olds, Orr,
Parker. John Perkins, Phillips, Pratt. Iteady. Richardson,
David Ritchie, Bobbins Rogers, Rulhn, Sabin, Seward,
Seymour, Gannon, j- haw, Shower, William Smith, Wil-
liam R. Smith, George W Sntvth, SnIlers, Frederick P,
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens Stranb,
JohnJ Tayloi, John L Tavior, Nathaniel G Taylor, Up-
ham, Wtilbridge, Witte, D.itm-I B. Wright, Hendnck B.
WiiRht, Yules, and Zolhcolfer—98.
So the motion to refer was not agreed to.
The question then recurring upon ordering the
bill to be engrossed, and read a third time, it was
put, and decided in the affirmative; and th? biil
being engrossed, it was subsequently read a third
time.
Mr STANTON, of Tennessee. I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was then ordered to be now put
The mam question being " Shall the bill pass?"
it was put-, and decided in the affirmative.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and to lay the motion ft> reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LAMB. 1 move the House do now ad-
journ.
Mr STANTON. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kerr and
MoDou^all were appointed.
Thequestion was taken;and the tellers reported
—ayes 43, noes 67—no quorum voting.
Mr. KEITT. It is now necegsary, I believe,
that a quorum should vote, as it is a motion to
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Less than a quorum can
adjourn, but in this case the majority voted the
other way. that is, against an adjournment.
Mr. KEITT. I would inquire whether that
fact interferes with the business of the House?
because there may be a quorum here, though
they have not voted.
Mr. STRAUB. I move there be a call of the
House.
Mr. HUNT. I ask that there be a new count.
There is a quorum here.
Mr. MAY. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say to the
House that the Judiciary Committee have, from
the commencement of this session, been engaged
unceasingly in preparing measures of public im-
portance, and but this single day has been assigned
to the consideration of them. There are some of
them in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. Motions have been made to discharge
that committee from the further consideration of
such of them as are of most vital importance to the
execution of the laws, and the supporting of the
authority of the General Government. We have
been prevented from discharging the committee
by a single objection. The desire of the J udiciary
Committee is, that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the W hole on the state of the
Union, pass the bills to which I have referred, re-
port them back to the House, and then put them
on their final passage. Unless we do this I fear
that the administration of the laws will fail; and
that is the opinion of the committee.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Imove that there be a
call of the House.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I ask that there be a recount.
Mr. MAXWELL. I would inquire whether,
to save time, the House will not give its unani-
mous consent that the Speaker, by counting the
members present, shall ascertain whether there is
a quorum in the Hall?
The SPEAKER pro temport. The Chair is
satisfied that there is a quorum present.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then I withdraw my
motion that there be a call of the House.
Mr. SOLLERS. Is a motion to adjourn in
border?
The SPEAKER. No business having been
transacted since the question was taken on the
motion to adjourn, that motion is not now in
order.
Mr. STRAUB. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ask
the unanimous consent of the House for leave to
have printed some remarks which I have written
out. They are upon a bill which has been before
the House and indirectly disposed of. Action,at
this iat-1 stage of the session, is demanded more
than words, and it is for this reason that, instead
of consuming time in their delivery, I ask that my
remarks may be printed.
[Cries of "Consent!"]
Mr. FLORENCE. On what subject are they/
Mr. STRAUB. They are on the subject of the
tarilf.
The SPEAKER. Is leave granted to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to print his remarks?
There was-no objection, and it was accordingly
so ordered.
^ Mr TAYLOR, of Ohio. I would inquire of
! the Chair whether, if the House do now ad journ,
the business of the Judiciary Committee does not
come up in the morning as the unfinished busi-
ness?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair thinks
that it does not.
Mr. TAYLOR. In my opinion, then, tha
House ougfht not to adjourn at this time.
Mr PRINGLE. Suppose we, by unanimous
consent, agree to take up, to-morrow, the business
of the Committee on the Judiciary that is still
unacted on.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. PRINGLE. I do not think there will be
objection. Let us do it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island. I object.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Perhaps the
House will consent to set apart Saturday next for
the consideration of the business of the Judiciary
Committee.
[Cries of "Consent!" "No!" "Adjourn!"]
BOARD.01? CLAIMS.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker,
I hold in my hand the bill from the Senate, com-
monly called the bill for the establishment of a
board of claims, which I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Claims to report back to the House with
some amendments. The committee recommend its
passage. What I now want is, inasmuch as it
is a very important measure, that a day may be
set apart for its consideration, some day on the
Private Calendar. In the mean time, with unani-
mous consent, I will report it, and ask that, with
