1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
the amendments of the committee, it be ordered to
be printed for the information of members. I
would suggest that next Saturday a week be fixed
as the day on which it shall come up for consid-
eration and action.
Mr. CRA1GE. I have no objection to the bil!
being ordered to be printed, but I do object to it
being made a special order.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the gen-
tleman reporting it for reference and having it
printed ?
Mr. McQ,UEEN. Mr. Speaker, I object to
making this bill a special order. We have made
too many special orders already, for private claims
and spoliations. With a majority of nearly sev-
enty Democrats in this House, we have consumed
the time of the session in voting claims and spo-
liations for millions and millions of dollars. We
have time enough to vote five millions and six
millions, and any number of thousands of dollars
for individuals or classes; but, with a surplus of
some twenty-four millions of dollars in the Treas-
ury, unjustly wrung from the pockets of the
oeople—a fact without a parallel in this or any
other country—when the subject of reducing the
tariff is proposed we have no Democratic majority
sufficient to take it up, or time to devote one day
to the consideration of this most important subject
to the people who, in fact, support this Govern-
ment. We are too busily engaged in pouring out
of the Treasury, to pause a moment to take off
unjust taxes from the people whom we represent;
we have no Democratic party to do it. The people
get on paper Democratic platforms and promises,
but no action by this body to relieve them from an
unjust and unnecessary tariff, the single plank left
of the old Democratic platform, even for a profes-
sion of sincerity by the party.
I therefore not only object to making this bill
a special order, but will object to every other
proposition of the kind during the remainder of
this session, unless the taiiff be reduced. The
people are unjustly taxed, and the first duty of
this body should be to relieve them.
I have no objection that the honorable gentle-
man report his bill.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman object
to the reporting and ordering the bill and amend-
ments to be printed ?
Mr. McGLUEEN. I only object to the bill
being made a special order.
Mr. JONES. 1 will say to the gentleman, that
one of the main objects of the bill which I wish
to bring to the attention of this body is, to save
the time now consumed in private business for the
consideration of that of public importance. There
is one fact I will mention 
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the House do
' now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
reporting, reference, and printing of the bill and
amendments?
Mr. SEWARD. Is my motion to adjourn in
order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not entitled
to the floor. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
is upon it, and making a proposition to the House.
Mr. JONES. I do not wish to report ihe hill,
since the House refused to fix a day for its con-
sideration.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to the gentleman's
proposition.
Mr. JONES. I have the fioor, and ask the
attention of the House to what I propose.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
gentleman's proposition cannot be leceived.
Mr. SEWARD. To accommodate gentlemen
around me, I withdraw both my objection and
my'motion to arijourn.
Mr. SOLLERS. I renew the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. MAY. If it be the pleasure of the House
to give the Judiciary Committee one other day,
say Saturday next, for the purpose of disposing
of the business which it has reported 
[Cries of "Object!" " Order!"]
The SPEAKER,. The gentleman from Mary-
land is not in order. The Chair will again a?k
whether there is objection to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania reporting the bill which he has indi-
cated ?
Mr. JONES. Let me state my proposition. I
am not understood as to the request which I
make. My first proposition was that ths House
would fix a day for the special consideration of
the bill. That was objected to. As a friend of
the bill, I cannot consistently agree to its going
out of my hands; and all I now ask is that it may
be ordered to be printed, so as to show the amend-
ments of the Committee of Claims, and laid upon
the desks of members. This can be done with-
out delay or injury to anybody.
[Cries of "Agreed !" "Agreed!"]
Mr. ORR. The proper motion, I suppose,
would be that the bill and amendments be ordered
to be printed, and then recommitted to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. JONES. I thought I had made myself un-
derstood. What I askeu was, that the bill might
be reported, printed, and re referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then, if there be
no objection, the bill will be so disposed of, with
the understanding as the Chair supposes, that no
motion to reconsider shall be made.
Mr. JONES. Certainly.
There being no objection,it was so ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire to
call the attention of the House to the fact that there
are several bills upon the Calendar in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, reported
from our committee, which it is important should
be passed. Butas the House seems indisposed to
remain here longer now, I ask their consent that
we take a recess and meet again at some hour this
evening.
[Cries of " No! " " No! " and 11 Object! "]
Mr. STANTON. Then 1 move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. CRAIGE. 1 move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. STANTON. I demand tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stanton, of
Tennessee, and Pringle, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 59, noes 58.
So the motion was agreed to.
And thereupon, at four o'clock,p. m., the House
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 9, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ABIGAIL STAFFORD.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, during the last
session of Congress, a joint resolution explanatory
of an act entitled " An act for the relief of Abigail
Stafford," was considered by the Senate, and
rejected. I submitted a motion for the reconsider-
ation of that vote, and that motion has been lying
on the table ever since I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to allow it to be taken up this
morning.
The PRESIDENT. To-day having been set
apart for the consideration of private business only,
and that motion not being the first business in
order, it requires unanimous consent to consider
it now.
Mr. BROWN. I simply wish to have the mo-
tion acted on, so that the bill may take its place
on the Calendar, and be disposed of in its order.
Mr. WADE. I endeavored to obtain the floor
for the purpose of moving that we proceed to-day
to the consideration of such bills as are not ob-
jected to.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Ohio object to the motion of the Senator from
Mississippi?
Mr. BROWN. I wish to have the motion to
reconsider agreed to, and then let the joint resolu-
tion take its place'on the Calendar. We shall
never get to it unless we agree to that course.
Mr. WADE. I do not object to the Senator's
motion.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair hears no ob-
jection to entertaining the motion of the Senator
from Mississippi. The question, then, will be on
reconsidering the vote by which the Senate rejected
the joint resolution explanatory of an act entitled
" An act for the relief of Abigail Stafford.."
Mr. BROWN. In the present state of the
business of the Senate, if they will reconsider the
joint resolution, I shall consent to let it go on the
Calendar and take its place there.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the bill was placed on the Calendar.
ORDER OF PROCEEDING.
Mr. WADE. I now move that to-day be de-
voted to the consideration of such private bills as
are not objected to.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent to agree to that motion.
Mr. WELLER. The first business in order
this morning properly, is the motion to reconsider
I the vote on the bill for the relief of the claimants
of the private armed brig General Armstrong. I
believe the Senate are ready to dispose of that
case finally this morning. I have no objection to
the motion of the Senator from Ohio, if the Sen-
ate will proceed at once to dispose of the bill to
which I have referred.
The PRESIDENT. That is the first business
in order.
Mr. GWIN. I hope my colleague will allow
that bill to go over for an hour or two in order to
give us an opportunity of getting rid of bills to
which there is no objection. Some of them have
been on the Calendar for a very long time and
ought to be disposed of.
Mr. BAYARD. I think there will be no fur-
ther debate on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. GW1N. We cannot stop the debate, but
we can probably get through with those bills to
which there is no objection.
Mr. BAYARD. If the bill which is first in
order leads to any debate, it can go over; but I
think the Senate is ready to vote on the reconsid-
eration of it.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will say to the Senator
: from California [Mr. Gwin] that I do not think
there is a disposition on the part of the friends of
I the bill for the relief of the claimants of the brig
General Armstrong, to debate it further.
Mr. TOUCEY. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ohio to limit his motion to two o'clock,
i and then allow the Armstrong case to come up at
| that hour. I think we can agree to devote from
this time until two o'clock for the consideration of
| private bills, which will give rise to no debate,
: and to which there is no objection.
( Mr. WADE. As a member of theCommittee
1 on Claims, it is within my knowledge that a great
' many private bills have been reported, to which
there is no objection, and the justice of which io
appaient to everybody. Justice has been with-
held from the parties for whose benefit those bills
are intended, and they have been compelled to
await the decision of controverted claims, the pro-
priety of which the Senate have not been able to
decide. This seems to me to be wrong. It wilt
answer my purpose to have an order made that
these claims be disposed of, to which there is no
objection, and then I am ready to take up any
other case.
Mr. SLIDELL. As I had the honor of report-
ing, from the Committee on Foreign Relations,
the bill for the relief of the claimants of the brig
j General Armstrong, I feel that I am authorized to
! make a pledge to the Senate, that those who are
friendly to the passage of that bill will not occupy
j any time in the discussion.
' Mr. CLAY. I trust the motion of the honor-
' able Senator from Ohio will prevail; and I hope
I that, in order to secure unanimity in the support
1 of that proposition, he will accede to the compro-
! mise suggested on this side of the Chamber, and
i limit his motion until two o'clock. I voted against
; the bill which the Senator from Louisiana wishes
j to take up, and I shall vote against it again; but
! I do think it has had its full share of the time
' of the Senate. During the last session it was
{ rejected after a long debate. It has been reconsid-
j ered, and during the present session, day after day
has been devoted to it, to the exclusion of other
business; although, it is certainly known to the
friends of that bill that, even its passage here will
avail nothing, as it cannot be reached in the House
of Representatives during the present session.
Mr. WADE. I will modify my motion m
conformity with the suggestion of the Senator
from Connecticut, in order that we may proceed
to business.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent to introduce the motion made by the Sen-
ator from Ohio. Is there objection *
