1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
039
committee recommend the pension to commence
on the 1st of January of that year.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time and
PETER AMEY.
The bill for the relief of Peter Amey (colored
man) was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of Peter Amey upon the
list of invalid pensioners of the Navy, at the rate
of ninety-six dollars per annum, from January 1,
1850, to continue during his natural life.
The petitioner, who is a colored man, and now
about seventy years of age, represents that he was
a seamen on board the whaleship Barclay, which
was captured in March, 1813, by the Spanish
privateer Catella, off Coquimbo; that he remained
on board the Catella about ten days, when she
was captured by the United States frigate Essex,
Captain David Porter. He was then, among the
other American prisoners recaptured from the
Catella, transferred by Captain Porter to the
Essex, and regularly entered as a seaman on
board the frigate, and continued to serve as such
until she was captured by the British vessels of
war Phoebe and Cherub, in the harbor of Val-
paraiso, in the spring of the year 1814. He
escaped injury until near the close of the engage-
ment, when he was wounded in the side to the
depth of about two inches, by splinters, which
were drawn from his side by his messmates. He
reported himself to the surgeon, but found that
officer and his aids engaged in attending so many,
more severely wounded, that he withdrew himself
from notice. After the engagement he returned
to the United States, together with about two
hundred of the crew and several of the officers
of the frigate Essex, in the Essex Junior, Lieu-
tenant Downs commanding. He states that he
has, from the date of his wounds to the present
time, suffered much pain and inconvenience from
them, and has been altogether disabled from hard
labor. He has never received anything from the
Government in the nature of a pension, and
though once entitled to a pension by general
statute, he is now debarred, through his own
neglect, by a mere lapse of time. He is now aged
and needy, and can ill afford to yield anything to
which he is equitably entitled.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
from the service in January, 1815. Since that
time he has been disabled from obtaining a liveli-
hood in consequence of the diseases contracted in
the service. He therefore prays to be allowed a
pension.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
COMMODORE PARKER.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to the consideration of the bill for the
relief of Commodore Foxhall A. Parker, of the
United Slates Navy.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury Department to settle, upon
the principles of equity, the accounts of Commo-
dore Parker, for expenses necessarily incurred by
him in the execution of orders from the Secretary
of the Navy, to receive on board of the United
States ship Brandywine, then under his command,
the commissioner and other persons belonging to
the American mission to the Emperor of China,
and to give them a passage to that country ; and
also for expenses incurred during their residence
on board of the ship after her arrival there; but no
allowance is to be made to him, except such as
may be considered reasonable and just by the
Secretary of the Navy; and in no event is the
entire amount of allowances to exceed $8,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
FRIENDLY CREEKS.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is a bill for the relief of the chiefs, headmen,
and warriors of the friendly Creek Indians, en-
gaged in the war of 1814.
Mr. CLAY. I make the point of order that
that is not a private bill.
The PRESIDENT. It is a bill for the relief
of private individuals.
Mr. CLAY. So was the one which was ob-
jected to by the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bayard,] and passed over.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator object ?
Mr. CLAY. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT. It will be passed over.
ABKAHAM CUTTER.
The bill for the relief of Abraham Cutter was
read .the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Cutter, a second lieutenant
in a company of Canadian volunteers, serving
with the Army of the United States in the late
war with Great Britain, upon the roll of invalid
pensioners, and pay to him, duringthe continuance
of his disability, fifteen dollarspermonth, to com-
mence on the first of June, 1854.
The petitioner was second lieutenant in a com-
pany of Canadian volunteers, serving in the United
States Army in the war of 1812-'15, and served a
greater portion of the war, incurring heavy pecu-
niary losses in consequence of his abandonment
. of property in Canada. In consequence of illness,
induced by exposure and hardship in the service,
his constitution became so shattered and his gen-
eral health so poor that he was compelled to retire
GEORGE W. HARRIS.
The bill for the relief of George W. Harris was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It will secure the copy-right to the thirteenth,
fourteenth, and fifteenth volumes of the Pennsyl-
vania State Reports, to George W.Harris, the
author thereof, as fully as if the acts of Congress
having relation thereto had been strictly complied
with, in the manner and at the times provided
for in the acts.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
WILLIAM TURVIN. |
The bill for the relief of the heirs of William
Turvin, deceased, was read the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
By the bill the heirs of William Turvin will be
authorized to locate,freeof cost, ninehuridred and
sixty arpens of land, or as near thereto as can be
done, not exceeding that quantity, (according to
the legal subdivisions, on any of the public lands
of the United States subject to entry at private
sale,) in full for the claim of their father, to a
tract of land lying on the east side of the Mobile
river, and west of the Bayou Pascual, under a
grant from the Spanish Government, and which
was recommended for confirmation in the report
of the register and receiver of the land office for
the district of St. Stephens.
Mr. WALKER. 1 ask if this case has ever
been before the Committee on Public Lands?
Mr. PETT1T. There is a report from the
Committee on Private Land Claims accompany-
ing the bill.
Mr. WALKER. Let it be read.
The report was read, and it appeared that James
Conway, executor of William Turvin, on the
19th June, 1813, filed before the commissioner of
land claims, east of Pearl river, a claim in favor
ofTurvin for nine hundred and sixty arpens of
land, and, after proving title from the Spanish
Government, he failed to prove inhabitation and
cultivation, and the commissioner, therefore, re-
fused to confirm the claim. The heirs ofTurvin
renewed their claim under the act of Congress,
approved March 2, 1829, before the register and
receiver of the land office of the district of St.
Stephens, and in addition to a regular title from
the Spanish Government, they also proved inhab-
itation and cultivation, and they recommended the
same for confirmation. The land was disposed of
by the Government of the United States, and is
now in possession of third parties. The commit-
tee are of opinion that the heirs of Turvin were
justly entitled to the lands so recommended for
confirmation, but in consideration that they have
been disposed of, they report the bill authorizing
the heirs or legal representatives to locate an equal
quantity of land on any of the public lands of the
United States, subject to entry at private sale.
Mr. WALKER. Is the privilege of location
confined to any particular State? It does not
appear from the bill.
Mr. STUART. It is not limited.
The PRESIDENT. The bill gives the right to
enter on " any public lands of the United States
subject to entry at private sale."
Mr. WALKER. That is rather extensive.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a ^
third reading. It was read the third time, and
LIEUTENANT W. D. PORTER.
The bill for the relief of Lieutenant W. D. Por-
ter was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary oftheTreas-
ury to pay to Lieutenant Porter ยง1,848 61, being
for so much money expended by him for expen-
ses incurred in bringing Amin Bey, of the Turk-
ish navy, and his attendants, to the United States,
in 1850, at the request of the minister resident of
the United States at Constantinople.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
JACQUES MOULON.
The bill for the relief of the assignees or legal
representatives of Jacques Moulon, was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It authorizes the assignees or legal represent-
atives of Jacques Moulon to enter, at the mini-
mum price, the land embraced in fractional sec-
tions one and two, township fifteen south, and
range ten east, southwest district of Louisiana,
without prejudice to any valid existing right in
others.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time and
NANCY D. HOLKER.
The bill for the relief of Nancy D. Holker,
widow and administratrix of John Holker, de-
ceased, was read a second time,and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to require the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay her $11,076 18, the amount due her
late husband, as appears by the books in the Treas-
ury Department.
The Hon. John Holker, the husband of the
memorialist, had been engaged during the early
part of the revolutionary war in furnishing Con-
gress with flour and other provisions necessary
for the support of the Army. The accounts be-
tween him and the Government having been
adjusted, there was eittier due to him for provis-
ions furnished, or were in his hands on the 15th
day of April, 1780, in the currency of Congress of
its " old emissions," the sum of $443,047, and on
the same day this sum was entered to his credit
on the books of the Treasury, by Michael Hille-
gas, Treasurer of the United States, to await, as
stated in the entry, " the determination of the
propriety of this credit in Continental currency,
and at what rate of exchange."
At a later period, Congress having fixed the rate
of exchange between Continental currency of
various issues, and gold and silver, the propriety
of the credit was determined by the Treasurer,
and from the books ot the Treasury it appears
that the amount due to Holker on the 15th of
April, 1780, was ยง443,047, and that on the 25th
of August, 1787, his account was transferred
to the ledger, and that sum placed finally to his
credit; and the register of the Treasury certifies
that that sum having been entered to the crtsdit of
Holker, remains to his credit, there being no
amount entered to his debit.
The claimant, in her memorial, speaks of the
amount due to her husband as a loan; but the
committee see nothing to induce them to believe
that the money was received by Congress either
as a loan or on any specific contract which would
entitle her to receive more than the current worth
of Continental money at the time it was received at
the Treasury, and placed to her husband's credit.
