640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9.
By reference to the journals of the old Congress,
it appears that in 1780, at the time the sum was
credited to Holker on the books of the Treasury,
Continental money was worth, in gold or silver,
but two and a half per cent., or twenty-five dol-
lars per thousand. At this rate, Congress was
indebted to Mr. Holker on the 15th of April,
1780, according to the certificate of the register of
the Treasury, based on the resolution of Con-
gress, in the sum of $11,076 18, for the payment
of which the committee herewith report the bill.
The bill was reported to Senate without amend-
ment, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. It was read the third time, and passed.
SAMUEL M'KNIGHT.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider House bill for the relief of
Samuel McKmght, of the State of Kentucky.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Samuel McKnight, of the State of
Kentucky, on the list of invalid pensioners of the
United States, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, to commence on the 1st of January, 1853,
and to continue during his natural life.
On the 24th of April, 1847, the petitioner enlisted
in company B, of the sixteenth regiment of in-
fantry, in the Army of the United States, to serve
during the war with Mexico, and was honorably
discharged at the close of the war. Whilst he was
in the service in the line of his duty, near Monte-
rey, in Mexico,his eyes became diseased; thisdis-
•ease was caused by the climate and the hardships
of service, and not by any fault on his part. The
•disease has constantly been growing worse, and
he is now almost blind. The committee are well
satisfied that his eyes cannot be cured, but that m
a short time he will be entirely blind. These facts
are established by the testimony of two surgeons
of the State of Kentucky, and by the testimony
of the captain and lieutenant of the company m
which he served. He is a stone«mason, but has
not been able to labor at his business since his
return from Mexico. His money has been ex-
pended in securing surgical treatment for his eyes.
He is now wholly disabled, and destitute.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading. It
was read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM WALLACE.
The Senate next considered, as in Committee of
the Whole, House bill for the relief of William
Wallace, of Illinois.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Wiiliam Wallace on the
list of invalid pensioners, at the rate of six dollars
per month, from March 4, 1854, and to continue
during his natural life.
Wallace served as a corporal in Captain Whit-
ing's company, of the twenty-third regiment of
infantry, from the 26ih of February, 1813.during
the war of 1812; on the 25th of July, 1814, at
the battle of Bridgewater, he was wounded in his
left thigh, by a musket shot; he was carried from
the field and remained in the hospital for several
months; the bail was not taken from the wound,
but remains in the limb at this time, and the in-
jury has within a few yeais so increased, as three
fourths -to disable him from obtaining his subsist-
ence by manual labor.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
WILLIAM RICH.
The bill for the relief of William Rich, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Its object is to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to William Rich, late United States
secretary of legation in Mexico, $830, the differ-
ence between the compensation allowed to a sec-
retary of legation and that to a charge d'affaires,
for the period during which he acted in the latter
capacity.
Mr. Rich was appointed secretary of legation
under the Hon. Robert P. Letcher, United States
Minister to Mexico. From the departure of Mr. |
Letcher, on the 2d August, 1852, to the presenta-
tion of his credentials by Mr. Conkling, on the
30th November ensuing, he acted as charge d'af-
fairesof the United States; for that period—three
months and thirty days—he only received the
compensation of a secretary of legation, and now I
asks that he may be allowed the difference between
the compensation of a secretary of legation and
that of a charges d'affaires. It has been usual to
make such allowances in similar cases.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN'p. BROWN.
The bill for the relief of John P. Brown was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the payment to Mr. Brown
of $2,116 12, the difference between the compen-
sation received by him as principal interpreter of
the Turkish language to the United States lega-
tion at Constantinople, and the usual allowance
to a charge d'affaires, for the time he acted in the
latter capacity.
Mr. Brown, while acting as principal interpre-
ter of the Turkish language to the legation of the
United States at Constantinople, was, on the 30th
July, 1852, accredited, by an order ofthePresident
of the United States, charge d'affaires ad interim
to the Ottoman Government, by Mr. Marsh,Uni-
ted States Minister resident in Turkey. He filled
that office in the absence of any other diplomatic
agent of the United States at Constantinople until
the return of Mr. Marsh from Greece, on the 5th
July, 1853. On the 13th December, 1853, he was
again accredited, by order of the President of the
United States, as chargc d'affaires ad interim to the
Ottoman Government by Mr. Marsh on his re-
turn to the United States, and continued to act as
such untilthearrivalof'Mr.Spence,on the31stJan-
uary, 1854. During thesetwo periods, amounting
to twelve months and nineteen days, he performed
all the duties and incurred all the expenses incum-
bent on the representative of the United States;
and having received only the compensation of
principal interpreter of the Tuikish language dur-
ing that time, he prays that he may be allowed the
difference between that compensation and the usual
allowance of salary to a charge d'affaires.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
WILLIAM CLARK.
The bill for the relief of William Clark, reported
by the Committee on Naval Affairs, was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It is to authorize the proper accounting: officers
to adjust, settle, and pay the account of William
Clark, late contractor for making an embank-
ment at the navy-yard at Memphis, and to allow
him the contract price of eighteen cents per cubic
yard for all the materials delivered by him of suit-
able quality.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
LOSSES OP ARMY OFFICERS.
The bill for the relief of the officers and soldiers
of the Army of the United States who sustained
loss by the disasters to the steamships Winfield
Scott and San Francisco, was read the second
i time, and considered as in Committee of the
' Whole.
It proposes to require the Secretary of War to
ascertain the value of the property lost by each
officer, non-commissioned officer, and private of
the United States Army, who was on board the
steamship Winfield Scott, on the 2d of Decem-
ber, 1853, when she was wrecked between San
Francisco and New York; and on board the steam-
ship San Francisco, on the 5th of January, 1854,
when she was wrecked between New York and
! San Francisco; and to pay the amounts so ascer-
tained; but no allowance is to be made for any
property except such as was useful, necessary,
and proper for such officers and soldiers while on
the voyage and engaged in public service.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PUrG, MIR AND COMPANY.
The bill reported by the Committee on Foreign
Relations for the relief of Puig, Mir & Co., of
New Orleans, was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to require the Secretary of the
Treasury to release a judgment rendered in the
circuit court of the United States in the eastern
district of Louisiana, on the 13th of February,
1854, in the case of the United States vs. Puig,
Mir & Co., of New Orleans, for $1,310 54, and
interest thereon, being the amount ot duties claimed
to be due and payable to the United States on
coffee imported into the port of New Orleans from
Cuba, in the Spanish brig Pepita; and to release a
judgment rendered in that court at the same date,
in the case of the United States cs. P. Puig, and
Puig, Mir & Co., of New Orleans, for $3,761 12,
and interest thereon, being the amount of import
duties claimed to be due and payable to the United
States on coffee imported into the said port of New
Orleans from Cuba, in the Spanish brig Atalayada;
but if the judgments, or any part thereof, have
been paid by the defendants, the Secretary of the
Treasury is to refund them.
The brig Pepita, a Spanish vessel, arrived at
New Orleans on the 16th of January, 1853, from
Havana, Cuba, having on board four hundred
bags of coffee, consigned to Messrs. Puig, Mir
& Co., merchants of that city. This was the first
Spanish vessel which had come consigned to that
house with coffee direct from the island of Cuba.
They had read in the New York price current of
Saturday, the 8th January, 1853, a statement that
coffee was admitted duty free, when imported from
place of growth, in all vessels except those of the
Netherlands, Spain, and Portugal, in which case
it was twenty per centum ad valorem; and also free
when imported in vessels of those nations from
their own Colonies. They had determined, in case
the coffee should be liable to duty, to ship it else-
where, being satisfied that in such a case it could
not be sold there, except at a heavy sacrifice.
That there might, therefore, be no doubt upon the
subject, they applied for information to the naval
officer, and to the collector of customs, and were
told by them that the vessel was subject to the
payment of foreign duty only, and that there was
nodutyon thecoffee;and they accordingly granted
a free permit for its delivery. The coffee was
landed, and sold at its then market value, but at a
loss on the invoice cost of $207 13. The account
of sales was made out and forwarded to the ship-
pers, the proceeds of the coffee invested in Hour,
and with this for cargo the Pepita had been cleared
for Pernambuco, when, for the first time, the offi-
cers of the customs discovered their error, and
applied to Messrs. Puig, Mir & Co. for the pay-
ment of duties which, under the circumstances,
the.y refused to pay; and this suit was instituted
against them, and a verdict and judgment was
rendered in favor of the United States on the 13th
February, 1854, for $1,310 54, with legal interest.
The same state of facts exists in regard to the
coffee imported in the Atalayada.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
LEWIS WARRINGTON, JR,
The bill for the relief of Lewis Warrington,
jr., received its second reading, and was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Ir, is intended to authorize the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury to allow Purser Lewis
Warrington, jr., the pay that a purser receives
for doing duty on board a frigate, whilst he was
attached, in that capacity, to the United States
steam frigate Mississippi.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
HORATIO J. PERUY.
The next bill on the Calendar was one reported
by the Committee on Foreign Relations, for the
relief of Horatio J. Perry; which was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It is intended to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to H. J. Perry, Secretary of the
United States legation at Madrid, $1,402 78, for
his services as acting charge d'affaires of the Uni-
ted States, at Madrid, for three several periods
during the years 1852 and 1853, amounting in the
aggregate to six months and twenty-two days; it
being ihe difference between the compensation of*
a charge d'affaires and that received by him as
secretary of legation during that period.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
