THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C,
33d Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1855.
New Series....No. 41.*
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ROBERT M. WALSH.
The bill reported by the Committee on Foreign
Relations for the relief of Robert M. Walsh, was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Its object is to direct the payment to Robert M.
Walsh, late secretary of legation of the United
States in Mexico, of $833,33, the balance due him
for compensation as charge d'affaires ad interim in
Mexico, in the years 1848 and 1849, during the
absence of the minister.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a. third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
GEORGE W. LIPPITT.
The bill reported by the Committee on Foreign
Relations for the relief of George W. Lippitt,
received its second reading, and was considered
by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to G. W. Lippitt,United States consul
at Vienna, $1,075,10, for compensation for taking
charge of the archives of the United States lega-
tion at Vienna, and performing diplomatic services
from the 13th of October to the 10th of December,
1852, and from the 21st of May to the 13th of j
September, 1853, embracing in the aggregate a
period of five months and twenty-one days, this
sum being one half of the salary of a charge
d'affaires for that period.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
HENRY SAVAGE.
The next bill on the Calendar was one reported
by the Committee on Foreign Relations for the
relief of Henry Savage, which received its sec-
ond reading, and was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
Its object is to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Henry Savagre, United States con-
sul at Guatemala, $14,000 for his services in
taking charge of and preserving the archives of
the former United States legation at that place,
and communicating to his Government at home,
regularly, useful and highly important informa-
tion during the several intervals from February,
1830, to November, 1833, from May, 1842, to
November 1848, and from May, 1850, to Febru-
ary, 1854, making an aggregate of fourteen years,
during which the United States had no other diplo-
matic or consular agent at Guatemala.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed, for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
J. B. HOLMAN.
The bill reported by the Committee on Foreign
Relations for the relief of J. B Holman, was rend |
the second time, and considered as m Committee j
of the Whole. j
Its object is to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to J. B. Holman, late United States
secretary of legation in Chili, $716 67, as com-
pensation for extra clerical duties performed by
him in bringing up the records of the legation,
from the 16th of February to the 24th of June,
1850, during which period there was no secretary
to the legation.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PETER PARKER.
The bill reported by the Committee on Foreign
Relations for the relief of Peter Parker, received
its second reading, and was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the payment to Peter
-Parker, secretary of legation and Chinese inter-
preter to the United States legation at Canton, for
his services as charge d'affaires ad interim, at that
place, from the 24th of May, 1852, to the 31st of
January, 1853, the difference between the com-
41
pensation of a charge d'affaires and that received
by him as secretary and interpreter to the lega-
tion for that period, $1,372 21.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOSEPH GRAHAM.
The bill reported by the same committee for the
relief of Joseph Graham, was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Joseph Graham, United States
consul at Buenos Ayres, $999 50, as compensa-
tion for his services as charge d 'affaires ad interim
at that place from the 3d of August to the 11th of
September, 1852, and from the 25th of November,
1852, to the 26th of March, 1853, embracing in
the aggregate a period of five months and ten days,
the amount being one half of the compensation of
a charge d 'affaires for that period.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
FERDINAND COXE.
The bill reported by the same committee for the
relief of Ferdinand Coxe, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
W hole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Ferdinand Coxe, late secretary of
the United Slates legation to Chill, $729 17, the
difference between the compensation of a secretary
of legation and that of a chaige d'affaires, from
the 12th of May to the 16 Ji of August, 1853,
during which period heacted in the latter capacity.
The bill was repoited to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
- GEORGE H. PAIGE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider House bill for the relief of
Lieutenaut George li. Paige, of the United States
Army. Its purpose is to direct the proper ac-
counting officer of the Treasury to allow and credit
to Lieutenant George H. Paige, the sum of $62 23,
the amount paid by him to one Phillips, a private
in the UnitedStates Army, for services as an auc-
tioneer, in June, 1849.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
WILLIAM B. KIBBEY.
The bill reported by the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia for the relief of William B.
ICibbey, was read the second time, and considered
as in Commmee of the Whole.
Its object is to appropriate $7,211 47 to William
B. Kibbey, for leatnerfurmsned lor the use of the
penitentiary in the Distuct of Columbia.
By the sixth section of the act of Congress,
approved March 3, 1829, the warden of the pen-
itentiary is authorized to purchase materials for
the labor of the convicts, and make all needful
contracts for supplies necessary for the peniten-
tiary; and, under this authority, the warden, in
the years 1852-'53-'54, purchased of William B.
Kibbey, of Washington city, for the use of the
penitentiary, leather amounting to $7,211 47,
which amount is reported to be due in the annual
report of the warden, made to the President,
dated January 16, 1854.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
OLIVER BROWN.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, con-
sidered House bill to provide a pension for Oliver
Brown, of Chemung county, New York, which
proposes to allow him a pension of four dollars a
month from March 1, 1854.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and —— J
EDMUND MITCHELL.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
provide a pension for Edmund Mitchell, of Car?
roll county, in the State of Kentucky, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to place his name upon the pension roll, at
the rate of eight dollars per month, from the 1st
of March, 1854.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JOHN BROWN.
House bill for the relief of John Brown, second, ,
of New Hampshire, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to require the Secretary of the In-
terior to place his name on the roll of invalid
pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
from the 9th of February, 1852, to continue during
his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read th«
third time, and passed.
JOHN H. HICKS.
House bill for the relief of John H. Hicks, of
Indiana, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Its design is to instruct the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of John H. Hicks, of
Indiana, upon the list of invalid pensioners, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, from the 1st of
January, 1853, to continue during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read ths
third time, and passed.
ABRAHAM AUSMAN.
House bill for the relief of Abraham Ausman,
which proposes to increase his present pension
from six to eight dollars a month, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole, reported without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
LIEUTENANT FRANCIS WARE.
The bill From the House of Representatives for
the relief of the legal representatives of Lieuten-
ant Francis Ware, was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
As it appears from the books in the Register's
office of the Treasury Department, that there is
now outstanding and unpaid in favor of Lieuten-
ant Francis Ware, deceased, a final settlement
certificate for commutation pay for #251 10, (No.
92,816,) the bill proposes to direct the Secretary
of the Treasury to cause to be published, for the
space of two weeks, in two weekly pap ftps of
Washington, a notice that he has been directed to
pay it, and calling upon any persons who may
own it to produce it to him for payment; and if,
at the expiration of three months from the date of
the notice, no person shall present it for payment,
it is to be the duty of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay the amount, with interest, at the rate
of three per cent., from January 1, 1791, to Jan-
uary 1, 1852, to the heir or heirs-at-law of Lieu-
tenant Ware; but it is provided, that before such
payment shall be made, the heir or heirs shall
execute a bond, payable to the United States, in
double the amount to be paid, with two good and
sufficient securities, conditioned to indemnify the
Government of the United States against the legal
claim of any person for the payment of the cer-
tificate alleged to be lost or destroyed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair will call the attention of
the Senate to a verbal amendment which this bill
seems to require. It speaks of the " ratification
of this act." The word " ratification" should be
" approval." If there be no objection the amend-
ment will be made.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in, the bill was ordered to a
third reading, was read the third time, and passed;
