642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
JOHN COLE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider House bill for the relief of John
Cole, the object of which is to direct the Secre-
tary of the Interior to pay to John Cole, of Lake
county, Ohio, nowa pensioner of theUnited States,
ninety-six dollars per annum, in lieu of any pen-
sion heretofore allowed to him, to be continued
during his natural life.
Cole is ninety-three years of age, and unable to
work on account of extreme age and a rupture,
caused by lifting and carrying grape-shot while
in the service of the Government. He has no
other means of support than his pension of five
dollars per month.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed,
GEORGE LYNCH.
The bill of the House of Representatives for
the relief of George Lynch, was next considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It is intended to allow George Lynch, of St.
Charles county, Missouri, a full pension of eight
dollars per month, instead of six dollars per month,
the amount which he is now receiving under a
special act of Congress heretofore passed for his
benefit, the increase to commence on the 6th of
June, 1852, the time at which his proof of total
disability was perfected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, j-ead the
third time, and passed.
GEORGE ELLIOT.
The Senate as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider House bill for the relief of
George Elliott.
It is intended to allow George Elliott, of Frank-
lin county, Missouri, a pension of eight dollars
a month, instead of the pension of six dollars per
month, which he is now receiving, under a special
act of Congress, the increase to commence from
the 1st of January, 1852, when his proof of total
disability was perfected.
No amendments being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
GEORGE J. RALLSTON.
The bill of the House for the relief of George
J. Rallston was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It is to instruct the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of George J. Rallston upon the
pension roll, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
from the 1st of January, 1854, to continue during
his life.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM GOVE.
House bill for the relief of William Gove was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, to place the name of William Gove, of the
State of Maine, upon the pension rolls, at the rate
of eight dollars per month, so long as he shall live,
commencing January 1, 1854.
The bill was reported without amendment, or-
dered to a third reading, read the third time, and
■WILLIAM PARKER.
The House bill for the relief of William Parker
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to pay to William Parker, of New York,
four dollars per month, so long as he shall live,
commencing January 1, 1853—that sum to be in
addition to the pension of four dollars per month
granted him by act of May 19, 1824.
The bill was reported without amendment,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
BETSEY W. EVE.
The bill reported by the Committee on Foreign
Relations for the relief of Betsey W. Eve, was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It is to direct the Secretary of State to cause
the accounts of Joseph Eve, deceased, late charge
d'affaires of the United States to the late republic
of Texas, to be audited and adjusted by the
proper accounting officers, and to pay the amount
found due to Betsey W. Eve, his widow.
Owing to some error in the adjustment of his
salary account, Mr. Eve was entitled to compen-
sation for seven days not embraced therein; dying
three days after presenting his letter of recall, his
estate should have been allowed his funeral ex-
penses; and, if his wife or any member of his
family had been with him at the time of his death,
he would have been entitled to one quarter salary
for return. Upon the adjustment of his accounts
at the Fifth Auditor's office, there was a balance
reported due from him of $531 99 on his account
for salary, and there was an additional item of
$206 50, which had been suspended in adjusting
his' contingent account for want of vouchers,
which Mr. Eve promised to obtain and forward,
but died before he was enabled to do so. Mrs.
Eve, having sought relief from Congress, cannot
now, it is believed, obtain an adjustment of her
accounts unless Congress authorizes it. Mrs.
Eve was with her husband at the time of his
death, and, therefore, according to usage in such
cases, his estate is entitled to one quarter return
salary. The committee are of opinion that any
just claim which the petitioner may have against
the United States should not be prejudiced by the
fact of her applying to Congress; and believe that
upon the proper adjustment of the accounts of her
late husband, the claim will be found to be just.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SMITH AND STEVENS.
The bill of the Committee on Commerce for
the relief of James H. Smith and Charles Stevens
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to instruct the district attorney of
the United States for the district of Maryland to
investigate the claim of James H. Smith and
Charles Stevens, for damages resulting from the
wreck of the schooner Brumscale and cargo, al-
leged to have been caused by hidden obstructions
placed in the Patapsco river, under the authority
of the Government of the United States, and to
report to the Secretary of the Treasury the result
of his investigation, and his opinion whether or
not the United States are legally responsible to pay
any and what amount to them. If the district at-
torney shall report, that in his opinion the United
States are legally responsible for the payment of
any sum of money to Smith and Stevens, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, if he,shall approve the
report and opinion, is to pay to them such amount,
not exceeding three thousand dollars, as in his
judgment they may be justly and legally entitled
to demand for the loss and damage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES W. CARROLL.
The bill for the relief of Charles W. Carroll
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to appropriate $5,000 to Charles W.
Carroll, as compensation and damages for injuries
sustained by him by reason of his wrongful arrest
and imprisonment as a deserter from the Army of
the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CORNELIUS COFFEY.
House bill granting bounty land to Cornelius
Coffey was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to issue to Cornelius Coffey, late a private
in company G, Eighth Infantry, United States
Army, a land warrant for one hundred and sixty
acres of land.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ELEANOR HOOPLE.
The Senate,as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill of the House of Repre-
sentatives for the relief of Eleanor Hoople, of the
Province of Canada.
It proposes to direct the payment of $300 to her
for care, service, and attention to Daniel Holden,
an American soldier in 1814.
Mrs. Hoople is a widow woman, residing on
the Canada shore of the St. Lawrence, at a point
where a creek called Hoople's creek has its con-
fluence with that river, eleven miles below Chrys-
ler's Farm. The day before the battle of Chrys-
ler's Farm, the advance of the American Army
halted in front of the house of her husband. The
Canada militia had just completed the demolition
of the bridge across the creek, and had taken
shelter in an oak shrubbery a little north of the
road, and within musket range of the elevation
upon which the house of her husband stood.
They fired upon the Americans, which caused a
skirmish to ensue, in which an American soldier
of Forsyth's rifles, named Daniel Holden, was
wounded in the knee by a musket shot, and waa
brought into the petitioner's house; two surgeons
belonging to the American Army came in shortly
afterwards, and, after making an unsuccessful
attempt to extract the ball, left him, saying " the
wagons would take him up;" but no wagons
came by the house. The bridge being demolished,
the American Army diverged from the highway
some distance above the house, and crossed the
creek at a fording-place a considerable distance in
the rear. The British army passed down shortly
after, from which a surgeon came to see the
wounded man, who said that it would be impossible
to remove him. From that day to the period of his
death, which was on Easter Sunday following,
he was kindly taken care of by the family of the
petitioner, and his remains were decently interred
by her husband in the Episcopal burial ground, in
the vicinity, at his own expense. Mrs. Hoople
is now eighty-four years of age, very poor, and
almost blind.
The bill was reported without amendment, or-
dered to a third reading, read the third time, ant!
SIMEON STEJDMAN.
The bill reeported by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs for the benefit of Simeon Stedman,
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
Its object.is to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers to pay to Simeon Stedman, for his services
as a private in Captain Ripley's company, Thirty-
Seventh Infantry, in the war of 1812, from the
1st June, 1814, to the 7th April, 1815, in the same
manner as if he had been honorably discharged
from the service of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN PUTNAM.
The bill from the House of Representatives for
the relief of the legal representatives of John Put-
nam, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to allow them §795 78 for
his services and money paid by him for the Uni-
ted States, at the port of Genesee, New York.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
SIDNEY P. POOL.
The bill of the House for the relief of Sidney
P. Pool, of the State of Maine, Which proposes
to place him on the invalid pension roll at six dol-
lars a month, from January 1st, 1854, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole, reported
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
LINCOLN BATES.
House bill for the relief of Lincoln Bates, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Its object is to allow him fifty-five dollars, in
full of the damages sustained by him as a night
watchman in the public stores at New York in
July, 1849, in suppressing a fire therein, being the
amount of hisaccount asnow on file in the Treas-
ury Department.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
POLLY CARVER.
The bill from the House for the relief of Polly
Carver, widow and executrix of Nathan Carver,
deceased, which proposes to allow her $334 79,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole,
reported without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
P ARM ELI A SLAVIN.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
