1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
648
proceeded to consider the bill for the relief of Par-
melia Slavm, late the wife of John Blue, deceased.
Its object is to place the name of Parmelia Slavin,
the widow of William Slavin, deceased, and lately
the widow of John Blue, deceased, upon the roll
of pensioners of the United States, at the rate of
four dollars per month, for five years from the 1st
of January, 1848, in full satisfaction of her claim
to pension as widow of John Blue.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed, read the
third time, and passed.
■WILLIAM P. YOUNG.
The bill reported by the Committee on Claims,
for the relief of William P. Young, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. _
Its object is to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to settle and adjust, and pay
the claim of William P. Young for compensation as
an inspector of customs at Portsmouth, Virginia,
from the 2d of April, 1834, to the 31st of October,
1838, at the rate of three dollars per day; but the
amount that has been heretofore paid him on ac-
count of the service is first to be deducted.
Mr. Young was duly appointed inspector of
customs in the district of Norfolk and Portsmouth,
Virginia, and performed the duties of the office in
an efficient and satisfactory manner from the 2d
of April, 1834, to the 31st of October, 1838. In
his letter to the collector, dated the 9th March,
1834, approving and sanctioning the appointment
of Mr. Young as an inspector, the Secretary of
the Treasury said he would be allowed a per
diem rate of compensation not to exceed §500 a
year. He was accordingly paid at that rate. The
claim is for the difference between the amount
received and the rate of three dollars per day—the
rate fixed by law as the compensation of inspectors
of the customs. An application was made to the
Department, in 1838, for this balance, and a report
on the case favorable to the claimant was made to
the Secretary by the First Comptroller. The
Secretary, however, declined to make the allow-
ance.
In 1853, the matter was again brought to the
attention of the Treasury Department, and the
Commissioner of Customs, in his official report
upon the case to the Secretary, reported in his
favor. But the Secretary, as it appears, did not
concur in it. The act of 1799 provides, that to
each inspector there shall be allowed, for every
day he shall be actually employed in aid of the
customs, a sum not exceeding two dollars. The
act of 181G provides, that an addition of fifty per
cent, upon the sums allowed as compensation to
inspectors should be allowed. It is argued, on
the part of the claimant, that Congress decided,
by the act of 1816, increasing the compensation
of inspectors fifty per cent., that the previous
allowance of two dollars per day was insufficient,
and that under that law they are entitled to receive
three dollars per day.
Two precedents are referred to as sanctioning
this construction of the law: The case of Mr.
Morton, inspector at Georgetown, District of
Columbia, as ordered by the Comptroller, after a
lapse of twenty-nine years. In that case the
allowance to the inspector was adjusted at two
dollars per day, because the service was performed
prior to the act of 1816; and the case of Mr.
Gayle, inspector at Norfolk and Portsmouth—a
case directly in point. Eight years after his
employment, in precisely the same situation of
Mr. Young, the Secretary of the Treasury ordered
that his pay should be fixed at three dollars per
day from the time he was qualified.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
J. C. M'FERRAN AND S. D. STURGIS.
The bill for the relief of John C. McFerran and
Samuel D. Sturgis, of the United States Army,
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Its object is to cause the Secretary of War to
pay to Lieutenant John C. McFerran, of the Uni-
ted States Army, the difference between his pay
as first lieutenant of infantry and that of assistant
adjutant general, from the month of October, 1851,
to the 16th of July, 1852; and to Lieutenant Sam-
uel D. Sturgis, the difference between his pay aa
first lieutenant of dragoons and that of assistant
adjutant general, from the 1st of November, 1852,
to the 12th of August, 1853; they having served
as assistant adjutants general under command of
Colonel E. V. Sumner, of the ninth military de-
partment of the United States Army, during the
periods respectively named above.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
DANIEL BEDINGER'S HEIRS.
The bill of the House for the relief of Daniel
Bedinger's heirs, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The bill, as it passed the House, proposed to
direct the proper accounting officer of the Treas-
ury to pay the full amount of five years' commu-
tation pay as lieutenant of infantry in the Army
of the Revolution, with interest from the 4th Feb-
ruary, 1852, to the children of Daniel Bedinger;
and in case of the death of any of the children,
leaving a child or children now living, then to such
surviving child or children, in the same proportion
that their deceased parent would have taken if
living.
The Committee on Revolutionary Claims re-
ported it, with an amendment to strike out the
provision allowing interest.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the
amendment was concurred in, and ordered to be
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES M'CORMICK.
The bill for the relief of Charles McCormick,
assistant surgeon in the United States Army, was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of War to
allow and pay to Charles McCormick, assistant
surgeon in the United States Army, a commission
of a half of one per cent, upon the moneys dis-
bursed by him at New Orleans, Louisiana, under
the first section of the act of Congress, approved
March 2, 1847; but the commission is not to ex-
ceed §1,000 in any one year of the time during
which he was engaged in making the disburse-
ments.
Doctor McCormick was, in 184G, stationed at
New Orleans as medical purveyor. In addition
to his duties as such, he was required to give his
professional services to the officers and soldiers—
stationary and transient—at New Orleans, which
gave him as full employment as could be fairly
required from one individual. While thus fully
occupied, he was called upon by General Brooke
to attend also to the numerous invalid soldiers
and other discharged men constantly arriving in
New Orleans, from Mexico and other places, and
to disburse the money appropriated for their bene-
fit, under the act approved March 2, 1847. The
business of collecting together and providing for
the discharged soldiers, teamsters, and others
arriving from various divisions of the Army, was
altogether extraneous to his legitimate duties, in-
volved great responsibility, and was attended with
actual loss in the disbursement of money entrusted
to his care and management. By an extraordi-
nary effort, Doctor McCormick discharged these
duties to the satisfaction of all concerned. Pay-
masters in the Army were allowed by law a per-
centage of half of one per cent, upon payments
made to volunteers in the Mexican war. Doctor
McCormick not only discharged his arduous and
responsible duties as surgeon, but also disbursed,
as acting paymaster, the sum appropriated by
Congress " for providing for the comfort of dis-
charged soldiers," &c. And the committee are of
the opinion that he ought to be allowed the same
commission for his disbursements, under the act
of March 2, 1847, as was paid to paymasters in
the Army, under the act of August 12, 1848.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM P. BUEL.
The bill for the relief of William P. Buel was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Its object is to direct the Secretary of War to
pay to Doctor Buel, §500, in full compensation
for his services rendered to the United States
troops and their families, who were on board the
steamer San Francisco and the ship Three Bells,
after the disaster to that steamer, from December
29, 1853, to January 15, 1854. :
He was the medical officer of the steamer San
Francisco at the time of her wreck on the 24th of
December, 1853, when the third regiment of United
States artillery, en route from New York to San
Francisco, were passengers on that steamer. On
the 29th of December, 1853, the two regimental
Burgeons left the wreck with a small portion of the
command in the bark Kilby, leaving behind about
four hundred soldiers, with a large number of
women and children—their wives and families.
On the following day a malignant disease resem-
bling Asiatic cholera broke out among the troops
and their families, and Doctor Buel being the only
medical man on board, was requested by Major
Wyse, then in command, to attend upon the sick;
which he did for seventeen days—nine days on
the wreck, and eight days on board the Three
Bells. During these seventeen days there were fifty
to a hundred always on the sick list, and Doctor
Buel states that his attendance upon them was
at the imminent danger of his own life. He has
never received a cent of compensation.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed, read the third time, and,passed.
WILLIAM CASE.
House bill for the relief of William Case, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to release him and his surety, Har-
rison Gould, from a judgment for §320, rendered
against them in favor of the United States at the
March term of the United States circuit court, at
Clarksburg, Virginia, in 1853.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to the third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
AMOS B. EATON.
The bill for the relief of Amos B. Baton, a com-
missary of subsistence in the United States Army,
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It is intended to direct the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to allow and credit to
Amos B. Eaton, $1,137 79, the, amount paid by
him to William Sibley, William H. Spencer, and
A. Herbert, who were clerks in the United States
commissary department, for services rendered by
them as auctioneers in the sales of certain damaged
and surplus subsistence stores at Brazos Island,
Texas, and at Monterey, Mexico, in the years
1847 and 1848.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed, read the third
time, and passed.
BILLS OBJECTED TO.
The following bills as they were announced in
their order, were objected to by the Senators
whose names are annexed:
The bill for the relief of Benedict J. Heard-—By"
Mr. Bayard.
The bill for the relief of Captain Philip F.
Voorhies, United States Navy—By Mr. Sudell;
The bill for settling the claim of the legal repre-
sentatives of Richard W. Meade, deceased—-By
Mr. Benjamin.
The bill for the relief of Francisco Lope Urriza
—By Mr. Benjamin.
The bill for the relief of Amos Kendall and John
E. Kendall—By Mr. Evans.
The bill for the relief of Sophia Kirby—By Mr.
Benjamin.
The bill for the relief of Joseph Nock—By Mr.
Benjamin.
The bill to extend a patent heretofore granted
to John Shly, of the State of Georgia—By Mr.
Beniamin.
The bill to confirm the claim of John Erwin to
a certain tract of land in the Bastrop grant—By
Mr. Bayard.
The bill for the relief of Margaret A. Copley,
of the State of Louisiana—By Mr. Bayakd.
The bill authorizing the Commissioner of Pat-
ents to grant an extension of a patent to Samuel
Colt, a citizen of the United States, for an im-
provement in fire-arms—By Mr. Benjamin.
The bill for the relief of L. E- L. A. Lawson,
sole surviving heiress of General Eleazur W. Rip-
ley, deceased—By Mr. Clay.
The bill for the relief of Overton Love and John
Guest, of the Chickasaw nation—By Mr. Chase.
