648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
fear we cannot effect the object which I wish to
accomplish by going into Executive session. I
trust the Senate will now go into Executive ses-
sion , and I must, therefore, ask that the bill be not
taken up.
Mr. PETTIT. I will most cheerfully sit until
after the Executive session shall be over, but I
hope the Senator will allow me to get this bill
Mr. MASON. I am satisfied of that, but other
Senators, whose affairs are pressing, are leaving
the Chamber.
Mr. PETTIT. We shall not need a quorum
for the Executive business.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
and it was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It provides for the payment to E. R. S. Canby
of $2,000. in full compensation for his services as
custodian and translator of the public archives of
California, and for arranging, and, in part, in-
dexing them.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
EZRA CHAPMAN.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
House bill for the relief of the widow and children
of Ezra Chapman, deceased.
It is to authorize the proper accounting officers
to pay to the lawful administrators of Ezra Chap-
man, late of Tolland, Connecticut, deceased, for
the benefit of his widow and children, $840 being
the aggregate amount of seven years' half-pay of
Ezra Chapman, who was an ensign m the Army
of the Revolution, and died in the service of the
United States, September 1, 1778.
Ezra Chapman,sen.,011 the (5th day of August,
1777, entered into the service of the Army of the
Revolution as an ensign, commissioned by Con-
gress, in Captain I-torton's company, Colonel
Baldwin's regiment of artificers, and continued in
the office of ensign until the 1st day of September,
1778, when he died. He left a widow and one
son, the memorialist, then about five years of age;
the widow soon after his decease, married Elihu
Marvin, and died in the year 1788, without leav-
ing any other child; and neither she, Marvin, nor
the memorialist, nor any other person for them,
or either of them, has ever received the seven
years' half-pay, to which the widow, or, in case
of her marriage, the orphan child, became entitled
by virtue of the resolution of Congress, passed
the 24th day of August, 1780.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, and ordered to a third read-
ing. It was read the third time, and passed.
FERDINAND CLARK.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 move to take up House bill
for the relief of Ferdinand Clark. It is a private
bill which interests the constituents of my fnend
from South Carolina; but as it was reported from
the Committee on Commerce, the parties have
applied to me, as a member of that committee, to
look after it. As I may not be here another day
when private bills are considered, 1 hope the Sen-
ator from Virginia will not object, and that the
Senate will indulge me in taking up the bill.
Mr. MASON. I yield to the Senator from
Maine. 1 am aware of the circumstances which
may compel him to leave the city. I hope his
motion will be agreed to. But I trust that 1 may
not be asked hereafter to forego my motion.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to refund the duties imposed by the
act of June 30,1834, entitled "An act concerning
tonnage upon Spanish vessels," on the Spanish
brig Conde de Villenueva, Captain Carlos de
Agao, and paid to the collector of the port of
Charleston, in South Carolina, previous to the
clearance of the vessel from that port for Cuba, on
the 11th of September, 1835, with a cargo of rice
and lard, as the brig was wrecked on the coast of
Florida, on the 17th of the same month, and lost,
wit|i the greater portion of her cargo.
Mr. STUART. If that is the bill I think it is—
one that came from the Committee on Commerce—
it is one which ought to receive the careful atten-
tion and vote of the Senate, because it involves a
very important question.
Mr. HAMLIN. I supposed the Committee
were unanimous in the report. I do not ask for
any hasty decision of it. Let it be passed over.
Mr. MASON. I move that the further con-
sideration ofthe bill be postponed until to-morrow,
with the view of going into Executive session.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 9, 1835.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report of the Director of the United
States Mint, showing the operations of the Mint
and its branches during the past year.
Mr. CHANDLER. In reference to that com-
munication, I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That in addition to the usual number of the
message of the President of the United States, cominuni-
calni!* the annual report of the Director of the Mint, in
connection with the letter of the Secretary, communicating
a report upon the fineness of fmeign gold and silver coins,
there be punted live hundred copies lor the use of the
Director of the Mint.
I suppose the bill wilt go to the Committee on
\ Printing.
j The SPEAKER. The communication will be
I laid upon the table, and theusunl number printed,
i The resolution for extra copies will go to the
j Committee on Printing.
j The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
| communication from the War Department, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 3d instant, copies
of dispatches and other information received by
that Department, and on file in that Office, relating
to the engagement which took place near Fort
Laramie between a detachment of the United
States troops and the Sioux Indians; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bili.i, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which were thereupon signed by
the Speaker:
An act to divide the State of Ohio into two
judicial districts, and to provide for holding the
district and circuit courts of the United States
therein;
An act for the relief of John Steene;
An act for the relief of Samuel A. Belden &
Co.; and
An act to provide for the ascertainment and sat-
isfaction of claims of American citizens for spolia-
tions committed by the French Government prior
to the 21st of July, 1801.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SYSTEM.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to inquire of the
Speaker whether the bill to reform the diplomatic
and consular system is the business regularly in
order this morning ?
The SPEAKER. The first business regularly
in order is the disposition of private bills upon the
Speaker's table After they shall have been dis-
posed of, it will then be m order to call the stand-
ing committees for reports of a private character.
Mr. COBB. I call for the regular order of busi-
ness. It will not take more than five minutes to
dispose of the bills upon the Speaker's table.
| Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to know whether
! I have not the floor to proceed with my remarks
' upon the diplomatic and consular bill ?
The SPEAKER. Thegentieman has the floor
upon that bill when it comes up; but this being
private bill day, it is not the business regularly in
order.
Mr. C HANDLER. 1 hope, then, I shall have
the unanimous consent of the House to dispose
of this bill. I will waive what remarks I had
intended to make, and will call the previous ques-
iion at once.
Mr. COBB. Let these bills be referred first.
It will not take five minutes.
Mr. LILLY. I object to the proposition of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, for the reason that
he proposes to call the previous question. My
colleague [Mr Skelton] desires to submit some
remarks upon the subject of that bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I understand he does not.
Mr. LILLY. He has told me over and over
again, that he desires to do so. He is absent ne-
cessarily this morning, and I must object to action
being taken on the bill in his absence.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. . 1 will state to
the gentleman, that Mr. Skelton told me yester-
day that he had given up his intention of speak-
ing on this bill, and had no objection to its being
taken up in his absence.
Mr. LILLY. Then, of course, with that under-
standing, I have no objection.
Mr. COBB. I think it would be better ts refer
those private bills on the Speaker's table first.
The SPEAKER. After that the call of com-
mittees for reports of a private character will be
in order.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. FAULKNER. I cast a vote on Mon-
day last which has been the subject of extensive
misrepresentation throughout the district which I
have the honor to represent on this floor, and as
1 was precluded by the previous question from
making, at the time, any remarks explanatory of
my vote, I ask the indulgence of the House, now,
to make a very brief personal explanation.
I allude, sir, to the vote which I gave in oppo-
sition to the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Witte,] asking a suspension of
the rules, to enable him to submit some resolu-
tions condemnatory of religious intolerance and
of secret political associations. My vote refusing
to suspend the rules for the purpose indicated, has
been most strangely misconceived and misrepre-
sented, as evidencing on my part, either member-
ship of, or sympathy for, the associations sought
to be assailed by those resolutions. I repudiate
all such inferences from my vote as false, illogical,
and destitute of the slightest foundation in truth.
I cast that vote in view of the condition of the
business of this body, and in view of my respon-
sibility to the country, as chairman of one of
the committees charged with the business of this
House. It is well known, sir, that I have had in
my possession, for weeks, bills relating to the in-
crease and reorganization of the Army, and to the
military defenses of the country, of the highest
and most urgent importance. It is equally well
known that I have been, for weeks, struggling for
a favorable opportunity of pressing these essential
measures of national defense upon the considera-
tion of Congress. But so far 1 have struggled in
vain. I may furthi r add, that I have been seek-
ing an opportunity to report from that committee
a bill for the relief of the officers and soldiers in
the war of 1812, and other measures of legislation
of interest to the country; but 1 have been frus-
trated in my efforts by the inexorable rules ofthe
House, and by business which had acquired a.
precedence. I ask, sir, then, with what propriety
could I have aided, by my vote, the introduction
before this House, of resolutions such as those
submitted by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
which, however sound they may be in their politi-
cal teachings, propose no legislation whatever, by
Congress; are merely declaratory of individual
opinion, and would only lead to debate and a
useless consumption of time that should be de-
voted to the urgent wants of the country? I ask,
more especially, with what propriety could I
record my assent to this waste of time, whe 
that branch of the public service which has, in
some measure, been specially confided to my care,
was then, and is, at this moment, most greviously
suffering for want of the legislation of this House?
Sir, 1 thought it better to submit to a temporary
misconstruction of my motives, than to exhibit
such infidelity to the trust reposed in me.
The views which influenced my vote were, I
believe, participated in by nearly every chairman
of an important committee in this House, who
manifested, by their course, the same repugnance
that I did, to see the time of this body consumed
in action upon mere abstract resolutions, when
the necessities of the country so loudly called for
practical measures of legislation. I may here refer
