1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
649
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Houston,] to the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, [Mr. Bayly,]
to the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, [Mr.
Stanton,] to the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands, [Mr. Disney,) to the chairman of
the Committee of Claims, [Mr. Edgerton,] to
the chairman of the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, [Mr. Peckham,] to the chairman of the
Committee on Roads and Canals, [Mr. Dunham,]
to the chairman of the Committee on Printing,
[Mr. Murray,] and perhaps others who con-
curred in their vote with me; but of those gentlemen
named, I can speak with confidence, as they all
have seats near to me, and my opposition to the
suspension of the rules was the result of a con-
sultation between three of the gentlemen named
and myself, founded upon the pressing condition
of the business of the House.
Mr. Speaker, I will not abuse the courtesy
which has been so kindly extended to me by the
House, by indulging in any general remarks on the
merits of the resolutions which were sought to be
introduced by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
But I trust I may be allowed, in conclusion, to say
that, although I did not, and will not, hereafter,
under similar circumstances, vote for the suspen-
sion of the rules, yet, that I do not yield to that
gentleman or to any other member of this body
in my firm determination to maintain the rights
of conscience, and the inviolability of the great
principles of religious freedom. I am not, never
have been, and never expect to be, a member of
any oath-bound secret political association. I
claim communion with but one political organiza-
tion—and that is the great national Democratic
party of this country—a party that has shown
itself, after the most ample experience, broad
enough to embrace all the vast interests of liberty
and humanity, and strong enough to uphold by
its firm and conservative grasp, the Constitution
of my country and the union of these States.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of private bills upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. COBB. 1 am advised by manygentlemen
around me that the withdrawal of my objection
to the consideratiorTof the diplomatic and con-
sular bill will further the business of the House,
by enabling us to dispose of a measure which has
been hanging here for many days, and, as I un-
derstand that the gentleman from Pennsylvania
intends to call the previous question, and get a
vote upon the bill in a very few minutes, I will
withdraw my objection.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR. SYSTEMS.
No further objection being made, the House
resumed the consideration of the bill to remodel
the diplomatic and consular systems of the United
States.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. Speaker, I have
already indulged in some remarks upon thjs bill,
and had prepared myself for others, but the whole
subject has been so lucidly developed by the gen-
tleman who presented the bill, and the impatience
of the House is clearly such, to proceed to other
parts of our legislation, that I am admonished by
the feeling manifested here, that it is my duty to
withdraw myself from the position of a speaker,
and to call for the previous question on the bill
before the House.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. The courtesy
of the House has been such in this case that I
feel it due, in behalf of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, to express its gratification at the position
in which the bill is placed. It is proper that I
should also state that the distinguished gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] who had it in view
to give his experience of the foreign affairs of this
Government in connection with this bill, has de-
clined, out of regard for the time of the House,
and in a conviction of the passage of the bill, as
my colleague on the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chand-
ler,] has done, to make any remarks. It is
therefore no sacrifice on my part to forego the right
which I have, under the rule, to close the debate.
I would simply ask the attention of members to a
few verbal corrections which I am instructed by
the committee to present, and which do not, I will
say, alter, in .any^respect, the principles of the
bill; but are in the nature of additional guards,and
purely verbal, excepting one, which is to insert
Pictou as an additional consulate—a modification
made necessary by the legislation ot* this House
since the bill was originally introduced. The
copy of the bill which 1 hold in my hand is cor-
rected, as is also that upon the Clerk's table; and
to the reading of these corrections I ask the atten-
tion of the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Louisiana a question for my informa-
tion, the answer to which shall have something to
do in governing my vote. Will he permit me to
do so?
Mr. PERKINS. Certainly.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know from the
gentleman from Louisiana, whether this bill will
increase the expenditure in the aggregate on ac-
count of our foreign diplomatic representatives ?
Mr. PERKINS. 1 have no right to make any
extended remarks after having made the statement
which I have just made to the House, and I shall,
therefore, simply repeat what I have heretofore
said, namely, that by the diplomatic portion of
the bill the expenses of that branch will be con-
siderably diminished, by the correction of existing
abuses; and by the consular portion, the best
calculation that I have been able to make, with
the aid of those who have had experience in the
consular service, is, that the actual expenses to the
Treasury will be also reduced several thousands
of dollars.
The alterations which I desire to have made
in the bill are—first, fill up the blanks in the first
page with the words "30th June next;" and
second, strike out the words ''reside in" at the
close of the first page, so as to make the sentence
read:
That from and after the 30th of June next, the President
of the United States t-hail, by and with the advice and con-
sent of ilie Senate, appoint reprcM-uiauvcs of the grade of
envoys pxtiaordinnry and ministers plenipotentiary to the
(ollowing countries, &c.
Strike out, in like manner, the same words—
" reside in"—in the fourth line of the second sec-
tion, and insert the like words—" 30th June next"
—in the blanks, so as to make the sentence read: j
That Iroin and alter the 30th ot June next, the President !
of tiic United States shall, by and with the advice and con- I
sent of ihe Senate, appoint secretaries of legation to the I
following countries, c* j
On the 3d page, after the word " Prussia,' ;
strike out "$1,500" and insert in lieu thereof!
"$'2,0U0." i
On the 4th page, twenty-third and twenty-
fourth lines, strike out the words ''Turkey,
$1,500," " China, $3,000."
On the (>th page ''Nassau" is left as one of
those consulates where consuls are without power
to trade.
On the 8th page, after the words " Turkish
dominions," insert the words " Constantinople,
$2,500."
On the 11th page, under the heading "Great
Britain," strikeout, in the fifteenth Jine, the words
''Nassau, $1,000," (transferred to page C, as one
of those consulates not allowed to trade.)
In twenty-third line, after the words "St.
John's, New Brunswick," strike out " $750,"and
insert " $1,000."
On page 13, after the word " Zanzibar," strike
out " §500," and insert in lieu thereof $1,000."
On page 17, section 9, after the word "em-
ployed," insert the words " either as vice con-
suls, or consular agents, or"—
The section, as amended, reads:
%/hid be it farther enacted, That the President shall ap-
point no other than citizens of the United States, who are
residents thereof, or who shall be abroad m the employ-
ment of the Government at the time of their appointment,
as envoys extraordinary and ministers plenipotentiary, com-
missioners, secretaries of legation, dragomans, iritei preters,
consul?, or commercial agents; nor shall oUer th; n citi-
zens of the Urnied States be employed either as vice con-
sols or consular agents, or as clerks in the offices of either,
or have access to the archives therein deposited.
On the Q4th page, after the word "fees/' in
the twenty-fifth line, strike out the words " with
the commissions," and insert in lieu thereof the
words "for consular service, including all charges
for extension of protest."
The section, as amended, reads:
Sec.21. JUndbe it further enacted, That the act of April
14, 1792, concerning consuls, &c., is hereby 5-0 amended
that, if any American citizen dying abroad shall, by will or
any other writing, leave special directions for the manage-
ment and settlement by the consul of the personal or other
property which he may die possessed of in the country
wheie he may die, it shall be the duty of the consul, where
the laws of the country permit, strictly to observe the di-
rections so given by the deceased. Or, if such citizen so
dying shall, by will or any other writing, have appointed
any other person than the consul to take charge of and
settle his affairs, in that case it shall betiieduty of thecon-
sul, when and so often as required by the so-appointed
agent or trustee of the deceased, to give his official aid, in
whatever way may be necessaiy, to facilitate the operations
of such trustee or agent, and, where the lawsof the country
permit, to protect the property of the deceased from any in-
terference of the local authorities of the country in which
he may have died ; and to this end it shall also be the duty
of the consul to place his official seal on all or any portion*
of the property of the deceased as may be required by the
said agent or trustee, and to break and remove the same
seal when required by the agent or trustee, and not other-
wise ; he, the said consul or commercial agent, receiving
therefor two dollars for each seal, which} like all other fee^
for consular service, including all charges for extension of
protest, as also such commissions as are allowed by ex-
isting laws on settlement of estates of American citizens
by consuls and commercial agents, shall be reported to the
Treasury Department, and held subject to its order.
After the twenty-fifth section insert a twenty-
sixth section, as follows:
Sec. 26. Jind be it further enacted, That all acts and
parts of acts authorizing attaches to any of our legations,
the pavment to ministers and consuls of the United States
for outfits or infits, clerk hire, and office rem, be, and the
same are hereby, repealed.
Make the following section twenty-seven instead
of twenty-six.
Mr. PERKINS. These corrections being all
made, I call for the previous question on the pas-
sage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would call the
attention of the gentleman from Louisiana to the
fact that there are some more blanks for dates in
the bill. How are they to be filled up?
Mr. PERKINS. These blanks are all to be
filled up as those in the first section were, by in-
serting the words " 30th June next," so as to
make the net take effect from that date.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the alterations indicated by the gentle-
man from Louisiana be inserted in the bill ?
[Cries of "Yes!" "Agreed 1"}
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will proceed to
read the amendments in the order in which they
appear in the bill.
Mr. PERKINS. These are not amendments,
Mr. Speaker; they are merely modifications or
alterations. The question will be upon concur-
ring in these modifications as reported by the com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. A committee, however, can
only report changes to a bill, or a substitute to a
bill, in the shape of amendments, and the House
must act upon them as on amendments.
Mr. PERKINS. I move that the bill be con-
curred in as a whole instead of in detail.
The question was taken on Mr. Psiucnre's
motion; and the report of the Committee was
concurred in.
Mr. PERKINS. 1 now ask the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read a third time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr. HENN. Before the question be put, I
wish to ask the gentleman from Louisiana whether
there is not a blank in the fourth section of the
bill ?
Mr. PERKINS. These blanks are afl filled.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 143, nays 33; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Appleton,Thomas H. Bayly, B-anfcs, Barks-
dale, Barry, Bell, Bennett, Benson, Bhss, Bocock, Breck-
inridge, Bridges, Bristow, Bugg, Carpenter, Caruthers,
Caslae, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chase, Chastarn, Clark,
Chrigman, Cook, Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Caliom. Curtis',
Cutting, John G. Davi*?, Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dowdell,
Dunbar, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmands,
Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott, Ellison,JEverhart, Par-
ley, Faulkner, Fenton, Flagler, Gamble, Goode, Green,
Greenwood, Grey, Grow, Andrew J. Harlan, Wiley P
Harris, Hastings, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Hill,
Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Ingergoll,-Johnson, J.Glancy Jones,
Roland Jones, Kerr, Kittredge, Knox, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane,
Letcher, Lilly, Macdonald, Mcaueen, Mace, Maxwell,
May, Meacham, Middleswarth, Smith Miller, Mtllson,
Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Olds, Orr,
Packer, Parker, Peek, John Perkins, Preston, Pringle, Pur-
year, Seady, Keese, Richardson, Kiddle, David Ritchie,
