650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Thomas Ritehey, Robbins, Rogers, Rowe, Russell, Sabin,
Sage, Seward, Seymour, Shannon, Shower, William Smith,
William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Richard H. Stanton, Hestor h. Stevens, David Stuart,
John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Teller,Thurston, Tracey,
Trout, ITpham, Vail, Vansant, Walker, Walley, Warren,
Eilihu B. Washburne, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook,
Hendrick B. Wright, Yates, and Zollicoffer—143.
NAYS—Messrs. Ashe, Ball, Belcher, Chnsman, Cobb,
English, Florence, Franklin, Fuller, Giddings, Aaron Har-
lan, Hiester, Houston, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones,
Lewis, Lindsley, Matteson, Maurice, Mayall, Norton,
Pennington, Ruffin, Sapp, Shaw, Simmons, Sollers, Strat-
ton, Andrew Stuart, Tweed, Wade, Israel Washburn, and
Wells—33.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the announcement of the vote—
Mr. BOYCE. I was accidentally called out of
the Hall while the vote was being taken. If I had
been here when my name was called, I should have
voted in favor of the bill.
Mr. BROOKS. I was for a moment absent
when the vote was being taken; but I desire to
say that, if I had been here, I would have voted
for the bill.
Mr. EDMANDS. I was accidentally out, too.
I ask to have my vote recorded in favor of the
bill, inasmuch as it will not change the result.
Objection was made.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. Was the gentleman from
Kentucky withm the bar when his name was
called ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I believe I was within
the bar; but before I vote upon this bill, I desire
to make a brief statement to the House.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House to hear the gentleman from Kentucky ?
[General cries of "Yes! " " Yes! "]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. It will be recollected
by the House that, some weeks ago, I was nom-
inated and confirmed as Minister of the United
States to Spain. It has also been observed that,
since that period, I have been attending to my
ordinary duties in the House. To explain that,
I would remark, that this nomination and con-
firmation were without my application, neither
having been sought nor expected by me. I had
not heard of the resignation of Mr. Soule until I
was informed that my name was just going to the
Senate for the appointment. Under these circum-
stances, the President of the United States very
properly gave me a short indulgence, with the
view of enabling me to consider the matter, and to
confer with my friends at a distance from the
Capitol. I deemed it proper, in the time, to go on
and discharge my ordinary duties in the House
of Representatives, otherwise an Executive ap-
pointment might disfranchise any Representative
of the people.
After conferring with my friends, and after
reflection on the whole subject, while very deeply
appreciating this mark of Executive confidence,
and the manner in which it was confirmed by the
Senate, I have felt it to be my duty to decline the
appointment, and have so apprised the President.
I am, therefore, relieved from the feeling of deli-
cacy which restrained me from taking part in the
legislation on this bill, and believing it to be right,
I now vote in the affirmative.
Mr. PERKINS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report a bill from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, for the purpose of having it
printed by next Tuesday, which is set apart for
the consideration of naval business. It is a bill
to authorize the construction of seven steam
sloops-of-war. _
There being no objection, the bill was read a
first and second time by its title, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on thestate of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to report, from the
Committee of Ways and Means, a bill for the
purpose of having it referred and ordered to be
printed. It is the Army appropriation bill.
Mr. TWEED. 1 object.
Mr. PHELPS. Who objects?
Mr. TWEED, (rising in his seat.) I do.
Mr. COBB. I insist upon the regular order of
business. Let these bills be disposed of. It will
take but two or three minutes.
THE OSTEND CONFERENCE.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. It was my
desire and intention to have accompanied the pas-
sage of the diplomatic and onsular bill with a
resolution which the committee have instructed me
to report back. I desire to make a personal expla-
nation in connection with it, and if the House will
bear with me for a moment I will read the reso-
lution. It is with reference to the Ostend affair. ..
Objection was made.
LARKIN SMITH.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of Senate bill for the relief
of the heirs of Larkin Smith, reported with the
following amendment:
In line nine, after the word cavalry, to strike out the
words " with interest thereon from the 21st day of Febru-
ary, 1850," so that it would read:
" That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and required, out of any money m the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to pay to the legal represent-
atives of Larkin Smith, four years full pay of a captain of
the cavalry."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it is a commu-
tation bill, it should be referred, i make the
motion that, it be referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
The SPEAKER. The bill passed this body,
and has been returned from the Senate with an
amendment striking out the interest.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment of the Senate was concurred in.
LIEUTENANT J. C. CARTTER.
The SPEAKER. The business next in order
is the consideration of the joint resolution for the
relief of Lieutenant J. C. Oartter, returned from
the Senate with an amendment, adding, at the end
thereof, the words, " provided the amount shall
not exceed the sum of §1,869 05;" so that it
would read:
That, in the settlement of his accounts, Lieutenant J.
C. earlier shall be allowed sueli expenses as were incurred
by htm whilst acting as purser on board ship Massachu-
setts, undergoing repairs at San Francisco, provided the
amount shall not exceed the sum of$l,B69 05.
The question was taken; and the amendment of
the Senate was concurred in.
REFERENCE OF SENATE BILLS.
The following Senate bills were taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time by
their titles, and referred to committees as indicated
below:
An act granting bounty land to Susan Palmer.
Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act for the relief of Brevet Brigadier Gen-
eral John B. Walbach, of the United States Army.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
An act for the relief of Franklin Chase. Re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Joint resolution for the relief of John Y. Lamb,
a clerk in the office of the First Comptroller of the
Treasury. Referred to theCommitteeof Claims.
A bill for the relief of Mrs. Nancy Weather-
ford, widow of Colonel William Weatherford, of
the first regiment of Illinois volunteers in the
Mexican war. Referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
A bill for the relief of George W. Torrence.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill for the relief of Jeremiah Moors. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill for the relief of Catharine Dickerson.
Referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
SAMUEL COLT.
Mr. EDGERTON. I offer the following reso-
lution, to close debate upon House bill No. 59,
for the relief of Samuel Colt:
Resolved, That all debate upon House bill No. 59 shall
cease in one hour after the committee bhall resume the
eoiiteideration thereof, and the committee shall then pro-
ceed to vote upon such amendments as may be offered, and
shall then leport it to the House, with such amendments as
may have been agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended for the purpose of going into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and taking up the civil and diplomatic bill.
The SPEAKER. The resolution offered by the
gentleman from Ohio has precedence, and must be
voted upon first.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to amend by
making the time for closing the-debate three hours,
instead of one.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is too late.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is amend-
able.
Mr. EDGERTON. I am satisfied that every
member in the House has made up hia mind how
he would vote upon this question. One hour is
as good as forty.
The question was taken on Mr. Clingman s
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the resolu-
tion; and it was agreed to.
RESOLUTIONS OF ARKANSAS LEGISLATURE:
Mr. GREENWOOD asked and obtained leave
to introduce joint resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of Arkansas, approving of the principles
of the Kansas and Nebraska act, the repeal of the
Missouri compromise, and condemning fanaticism
in every form; which were laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move that the House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say, if the House
vote down that motion, that I will move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union for the purpose
of taking up the civil and diplomatic bill.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back a bill for the relief
of Commander J. G. Pendergrast; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred
to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. WALLEY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Claims, to whom was referred
the petition of the executor of Henry M. Shreve,
deceased, made a report thereon, accompanied by
a bill for the relief of the widow and children of
Henry M. Shreve, deceased; which was read a
first and second time by its title, committed to a
Committee of the Whole House, made the order
of the day for to-morrow, and the bill and report
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, to
whom was referred a joint resolution of the House
(No. 37) for the relief of JohnL. Smith and James
McGaw, made an adverse report thereon; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DUNBAR. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 68, entitled " An act to remove
obstructions to navigation in the mouth of the
Mississippi river, at the Southwest Pass and Pass
a l'Outre."
Mr. FULLER. I object to the reference of a
bill providing for internal improvements to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. It should properly be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. "DUNBAR. I hope the gentleman's mo-
tion will not be agreed to. It makes an appro-
priation such as was voted for by the Committee
on Commerce at the last session of Congress.
Mr. EDGERTON. I rise to a question of
order. I wish to know whether this business is
properly before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is properly before the
House, by the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. HUNT. I ask if the appropriation for the
improvement of the mouths of the Mississippi
river was not, with other matters, referred to that
committee at the last session, and reported upon
favorably by them ? "Why should it be referred to
them again ?
Mr. DUNBAR. I hope the gentleman from
Maine will not insist upon his motion to refer to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FULLER. The Committee on Commerce
has already before it more than fifty cases in
reference to river and harbor improvements, which
have been referred to it by this House; and such
being the case, these Senate bills should properly
be referred to the same committee. I understand
thatthe Senate has already passed a large number
of river and harbor bills. In fact these bills are
the same as the bill of last session, taken apart,
and the several appropriations therein contained
passed separately. I hope they will all be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DUNBAR. It is unnecessary to make
that reference, as these matters have already been
