652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
who has made a general charge without any spe-
cification.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I only meant to say that,
if any such remark as that were applied to me, it
was a falsehood. I do not know whether it was
or not.
Mr. EDGERTON. The gentleman from North
Carolina cannot possibly get me into any personal
controversy.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would not have said
what I have if the gentleman had not iterated and
reiterated the other day what he has repeated again
to-day. I felt it due the gentleman should make
a disclaimer.
Mr. EDGERTON. I have only to do with facts;
and the fact I stated was, that a member of Con-
gress stood here, upon this floor, and repeated
these rumors to which I have referred.
Mr. CLINGMAN. When thegentleman says
that the member has not courage enough to make
a statement, or, in other words, charges a mem-
ber with cowardice, I take it he violates the rule
of order. As he was not called to order the other
day, nor to-day, I felt it to be my duty to repel
the charge in the way in which I have.
Mr. EDGERTON. I doubt not that every
member of Congress has courage to state what he
believes to be true. If he has truth to state, 1 have
no doubt but he will state it. It is because he has
not a specific charge against any one individual
that a member declines to make it, and confines
himself to the genera! rumor. It is no evidence of
cowardice because a member does not make a spe-
cific charge, when he has none to make. It evi-
dences his regard for truth. That is it; and that
is what I meant to intimate that the gentleman
did. Not being able to fix this general rumor
upon any oneperson, he makes the general charge.
He cannot fix it upon any one person, because
there is no one suspected.
Well, sir, this committee of investigation was
created. Its duties have been laborious. Wit-
nesses have been called before it—among others
members of Congress—for the purpose of ascer-
taining -whether or not some charge could not
possibly be made against some member of Con-
gress; not whether any really existed, but whether
some could not be made. All the questions put
by the committee have been to obtain information,
and without the basis of any specific charge. It
was because such was the character of the com-
mittee, and such the investigation, that I said it
was inquisitorial. My statement, I think, is car-
ried out by the facts in the case. The power of
these committees to call witnesses for these pur-
poses, and to require them to answer, has been
denied by the House by its vote on Saturday last.
And there is another fact connected with this
committee. It has already cost the Government
something like $1,600; and for what purpose? The
American Congress has been charged with an ex-
pense of $1,600 for this trial, and no one has even
been charged with an offense. The committee has
employed a clerk since the commencement of the
session at a compensation of four dollars per day,
and that clerk has done nothing. No witnesses
have been called before it, no evidence has been
collected, and all this expense has been incurred
because a rumor had been started that members
of Congress were corruptible. Now, sir, we
expelled a reporter from this House, the other day,
because he refused to testify before this com-
mittee. The House denied the power of the com-
mittee to compel him to testify, and yet it expelled
him from the Hall, while another person who has
slandered, who has libeled the American Con-
gress, is considered a proper person to retain the
seat of a reporter, without any attempt to expel
him. ...
The honorable chairman of this committee [Mr.
Letcher] has stated that one reason why this
bill should not pass was, that the committee was
unable to procure the attendance of witnesses, or
their testimony when present. He makes the
charge that Mr. Dickerson, Mr. Colt, Mr..Joslin,
and others, although giving: the information that
§15,000 was charged to Mr. Dickerson for the
purpose of procuring the passage of this bill
through Congress, they had declined to testify in
relation to the expenditure of that sum. Was not
that the gentleman's statement?
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman will take
the trouble to look at the report, he can answer the
question for himself* Mr. Dickerson expressly
refused to testify in relation to the expenditure
of $15,000.
Mr. EDGERTON. Can the gentleman refer
me to the portion of the report where he refuses
to testify upon this point, or where the question
was asked him?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir; I think I can.
Mr. EDGERTON. The gentleman the other
day, in his remarks made this declaration:
"Now, if all this were a fair business transaction ; if
these funds were placed in the hands of Mr. Dickerson for
legitimate purposes alone, why is it that even the book-
keeper of this concern of Mr. Colt is not allowed to see
the items of expenditure which make up the account be-
tween Colonel Colt and his agent, Dickerson? Why is it
that, upon one side of the account, Mr. Dickerson is
charged with advances to the amount of $15,000, and upon
the other side, hot one solitary item of credit is &pecified of
any sort or description whatsoever? [ask the committee
to look at the question, and see whether they can reconcile
it with the principles of a fair and legitimate business
transaction, where the parties themselves are doing nothing
which they are unwilling shall see the light? "
Now, sir, 1 read from his report as chairman of
the committee of investigation:
"The testimony of Joslm shows conclusively, in the
judgment of the undersigned, that Dickerson has received,
since last fall, the sum of $15,000 of Colt's money. For
whsit pmpose was it received, and how has it been ex-
pended ? Jo*hn, the book-keeper of Colt for five years past,
states most distinctly, that he does not know for what pur-
pose the money was received by Dickerson ; that the books
do not show the items which make up the said sum of
§15,000; and that he has no knowledge, either from inform-
ation or otherwise, on that subject, if the transactions
between these parties were fair, why this concealment?
Why do Dickerson, Colt, and Joslin, all of ivhom, or, at
Ica-t, trio of whom, know the facts, carcj.tlly and studiously
withhold them from this committee and from the country 1
If all woe fair and above board, if money had only been
vsed properly and jor legitimate purposes, can it be supposed,
for an instant, that Mr. JDickenon, it ho has Jecn the active
agent of Colt, and uho Inows how every dollar has been ap-
plied, would havi; declined, as he iias pone, to give
the committee full and sulisj.ictory information oil u point of
so much conscqueiue and importune to hii / incipal ? ('an
it be supposed that Colt bun^eli has icceivcd no inform-
' ntion from Dickerson as to the maimer in which the money
; has been used, ur the objects to which it lias been applied ?
' According to the testimony of .Io«lin, Mr. Colt manages his
business most carelully, so earcfu'ly and closely as to deny
all discretion even to his confidential book keeper, excipt
in very small and unimportant matters, and under the most
inexorable necessity. Tins is clear lrom the testimony of
Joslm himself, who states that hii power and amhonty
were so hunted and restricted, that he could only purcha c
an occasional cait load <>l coal, or do some other act of no
greater importance. When Mr. (Jolt is thus particular in
the management of his business, when he strips his agents
of discretion to so great an extent, the mfcience that he
knows nothing of the moneyed transaction* between himself
and Dickerson is not warranted by the fact«, as shown by
himself and his moU deeply into e icd attorneya.
" It this sum of $ir.,u()0 had been diawn lrom Colt for
the legitimate purpose of paying tor professional services,
that fact would have been ihowu by the it^ms winch make
up Mr. Dickertson's credits, and those items would have
hern clearly and disiinctly set lorihupon the books. It the
money had been applied only to legitimate and fair pur-
pose-!, we should have had a full and satisfactory account
presented to the committee, which would have shown every
dollar that was received, and to whom every dollar had
been paid. But as it it, we have a positive rejnsal to an-
swer on thin point; and, although he is seeking legislation,
a studious, and so far a successjul, ejl'ort has been made to
vithhold all information where it should be his pleasure, as
it is his duty, to make a ful' exposure of all the J acts of the
case* that the people and then rejnc entatives may IcnOiv
whether money has been used corruptly or impropeily xalh
a view to influence and control legislation. This was one
of t'ie purposes for which this committee was organized,
and that purpose has been thwarted, so far as was possible,
by positive refusals, on the most trifling1 pretexts, to respond
to the plainest questions by those who knew the facts, and
have shown by their conduct that it was their interest to
conceal them."
Now, sir, in order to show how unjust this
charge of " posiliverefusal to answer on this point*'
is, I read from the testimony of Mr. D. the only
! questions and answers which were ever addressed
' to him, or answered by him on the subject of
$15,000, or any other money. The first question
is by Mr. Eddy, on page 30:
« Question by Mr. Eddy. Will you state, as far as your
recollection will permit, the amount expended by you as
the counsel of Colonel Colt, in the employment of attorneys
or agents, or in the other means used, to obtain an exten-
sion of Colonel Colt's patent ? 8tate firstas to your knowl-
edge, and secondly from information derived through other
persons.
" Answer. The amount I cannot state without recourse
to books, which f have not here. I should think the amount
inquired of was notless than $2,000 nor more than §6,000 5
but I consider this a private matter entirely, which, in my
judgment, I ought not, as counsel for Mr. Colt, to dis-
close."
Mr. Joslin states that $15,000 stand charged to
Dickerson, and that he has accounted for but five
or six thousand, but I cannot find that any other
question was put to him as to how he paid out
the balance, which was not answered.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman will look at
the 46th page of the report he will find Mr. Joslin
states that Mr. Dickerson is charged with $15,000,
of which he has accounted for only some $5,000
or $6,000.
Mr. EDGERTON. That is precisely what I
had just remarked. He makes this statement,
but I cannot find, from the testimony, that any
question was asked as to how the remainder was
disposed of, to which an answer is declined.
Mr. LETCHER. It was stated distinctly that
he got $15,000 for the purpose of prosecuting this
claim before Congress. Mr. Joslin makes this
statement explicitly; but when the question waa
put to Mr. Dickerson as to how he had disposed of
the $9,000 or #10,000 he declined to answer, upon
the ground that it was his own private matter.
Mr. EDGERTON. I ask the gentleman to
show me that question. That is what the gentle-
man said the other day, that Mr. Dickerson was
charged with $15,000 advances, and that he had
refused to specify a single item of his expenditure.
Now, sir, I should like to see where he has made
such a refusal.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman will take
the trouble to look at Mr. Joslin's evidence before
the committee, he will see that he states distinctly
that there is no item specified at all—that Mr.
Dickerson is charged with $15,000, and credited
with $5,000 or $6,000, but that no item is specified
even in reference to the $5,000 or $6,000.
Mr. EDGERTON. Will the gentleman show
me the question put by him in reference to this
matter, which he declined to answer?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir; if the gentleman
will give me time to find it.
Mr. EDGERTON. Well, sir, let us follow
this testimony further, and see how beautifully
the elements of a true story, when even accident-
ally brought together, must agree. Mr. Dicker-
son tells the committee that he had had about
$15,000 since the fall of 1853, and that he had
spent less than $6,000 of it in this extension.
(This testimony if as given in July.) About the
exact amount he could not tell, as he had not the
books here. Mr. Joslin, the book-keeper, was
afterwards called, and he tells us that the books
show this statement of Mr. Dickerson to be ex-
actly correct, even to amounts. I read from pages
46 and 47:
" Question by Mr. Wheeler. What amount of money, if
any, lias Mr. Dickerson drawn from Colonel Colt, for the
purpose of securing the extension of his patent?
Answer. I don*t know that he has drawn any for such
purpose. There is a balance against him of more than
$9,000, and less than $10,000. The whole of the debit side
of his account is $15,000; the credit side between $5,000
and $6,000.
Now, sir, the gentleman states that Mr. Dick-
erson is charged "with §15,000, and that no item of
credit is specified, of any kind whatever, while
Mr. Joslin himself swears that $5,000 or §6,000
are credited, leaving a balance unaccounted for of
only $9,000 or $10,000.
Mr. LETCHER. I am sure the gentleman
does not intend to misrepresent the facts, but he
does not state them correctly. I stated expressly
that there was this charge of §15,000, and that
there were credits of §5,000 or §6,000; but if the
gentleman will take the trouble to look at the tes-
timony, he will find that Mr. Joslin could not
specify any particular item of credit. Here is
what he says:
" Question by Mr. Eliot. What is the character of the
credit items ?
" Answer. I don't know what the credit items are. I
think the entries were jpade by direction of Mr. Sargent,
who attended to the correspondence.
" Question by Mr. Eliot. Can you not tell the character
of any one, or its amount?
"Answer. I cannot."
Mr. EDGERTON. I now aesire to call the
attention of the House to the speech of the gentle-
man from Virginia again. He says:
" Why is it that, upon one side of the account, Mr. Dick-
erson is charged with $15,000, and upon the other side, not
one solitary item of credit is specified, of any sort o*
description whatsoever ?"
Mr. LETCHER. What is that?
Mr. EDGERTON. That is from the gentle-
man's speech.
Mr. LETCHER. Oh! Exactly.
Mr. EDGERTON. ButMr. Joslin swears that
there is §5,000 ot $6,000 credited.
Mr. LETCHER. That is true, but there is
not one item given.
