1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
653
Mr. EDGERTON. Mr. Joslin, in answer to
the question: "What amount of money, if any,
has Mr. Dickerson drawn from Colonel Colt for
the purpose of securing the extension of his
patent?" replies:
" I do not know that he has drawn any for such purpose.
There js a balance against him of more than $9,000, and
less than $10,000. The whole of the debit side of his
account is $15,01)0; the credit side between ®5,000 and
$8,000."
Mr. LETCHER. Now read the very next
question and answer.
Mr. EDGERTON. I will.
" Question by Mr. Eliot. What is the character of the
credit items ?
" Answer. I do not know what the credit items aie. I
think the entries were made by direction of Mr. Sargent,
who attended to the correspondence.
" Question by Mr Eliot. Can you not tell the character
Of any one, or its amount?
" Jinsu-er. I cannot.
" Question by chairman. When did the accounts on the
books against Mr. DicRerfon commence, and how math hai>
he drawn since 1 tf, December la-it, according to the books 7
u Jlnswer. The account with Mr. Dickerson was opened
last fall. Tlicre has been no money, not ;i dollar, charged
to turn aince the 1st of December labt, I am confident."
But, sir, what I called upon the gentleman from
Virginia to show was, that Mr. Dickerson was
called upon to show how he had disposed of this
$5,000 or $6,000, and refused to answer. The
gentleman has produced no such evidence, and I
will not prosecute this branch of inquiry further.
I stated, m my former remarks, that I understood
the object of our patent laws to be to benefit the
public, by encouraging men of genius to exercise
their time, talents, and energies, and that the profits
of an inventor should be proportionate to the pub-
lic benefit.
I read from various reports, showing the im-
mense value to the country of this invention of
Colonel Colt's. I showed clearly that it had
saved thousands and hundreds of thousands of
dollars. About that there can be no doubt. It is
admitted to be one of the most perfect weapons
for military purposes ever invented; and just m
proportion as you perfect the weapon you decrease
the expense of the personnel of the army, and con-
sequently of the war. That is a proposition to
which every one will accede.
_ Well, now, sir, having established the proposi-
tion, as I believe, that there should be a reward to
the inventor proportionate to the benefit conferred
on the public, I now come to the other question:
What has been Colonel Colt's reward ? That is
the question. I will state first, that Colonel Colt ,
labored from 1831 to 1849, without any reward '
whatsoever; that he devoted his time, his ener-
gies, his own money, and the money of his friends,
to the accomplishment of the great object of his
heart, the perfection of his arm, without a solitary
dollar of profit, during a period of seventeen years.
There was no interference with him then; no one
attempted to infringe upon his patent, because it
was considered entirely valueless. But after he
had perfected his weapon by means of very ex-
pensive machinery, in which he had invested every
dollar of his capital, then parties came forward,
Who had money to carry on such enterprise, and
attempted to infringe upon his patent, to force on
the public an inferior article made of cast iron, and
drive him from the market. Colonel Colt never
feared competition from men who make as good a !
pistol as his. He has nothing to fear from them.
It is because imitations of his patent are made of
cast iron that he demands of Congress the right to
use his machinery, to perfect his weapon, and to
supply the Army and the public with a weapon
as perfect as it can possibly be made.
But, sir, as to this allegation that Colonel Colt
has made an immense fortune by the sale of his
pistols, I have a variety of facts here which I
can bring to the attention of the committee, going
to show very clearly that Colonel Colt's profits—
this fortune that he has made, and these millions
of dollars that he is yet to make—are all imagin-
ary. Let any intelligent gentleman, any business
man, make a statement of the account with Colo-
nel Colt, as a business man would make it, and
then strike the balance, and see where the profit
is. Now, what are the facts ? He labored for a
period of twenty-two years, and during that time
he received nothing. Charge the account with a
fair compensation for the amount of his labor.
Charge the account also with $230,000, invested
in the New Jersey Manufacturing Company, and
lost. Charge such a per cent, interest upon that
as would have been realized from any prudent in-
vestment, and you will have a debit to the account
of between six and seven hundred thousand dol-
lars. If his labor had been devoted to any other
purpose, with the same energy and perseverance
that he devoted to the accomplishment of this ob-
ject; if the money had been invested in any other
species of manufacturing, or even placed ata lim-
ited amount of interest, the aggregate of the debit
in this adventure would at this time have been be-
tween six and seven hundred thousand dollars.
Well, here is a debit of between six and seven
hundred thousand dollars. Now, then, for the
credit. Compare that amount with the value of
his property now in hand, and what is it? It has
been asserted here, in this House, that the value
of his property in Hartford is between six and
seven hundred thousand dollars. The sworn value
of that property, according to the testimony of
experienced persons, who know what it is, and
for what purposes it can be used, is only $350,000.
Now, what is the peculiar character of the prop-
erty? Every man knows that, upon the expira-
tion of the present patent, so as to permit an
inferior article to compete with Colt's pistol, the
value of the property invested in the manufacture
will depreciate twenty-five, thirty, or fifty per
centum, and perhaps more. It is entirely value-
less for any other purpose except the manufac-
ture of this arm; and if he is deprived of his
patent, the very machinery which some gentle-
men here say is worth $750,000 will not sell for
one tenth of the amount.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Do I understand
the gentleman's argument to be, that if Colonel
Colt is not protected, some man will instantly put
up an establishment, and run him out of the mar-
ket >
Mr. EDGERTON. I say this: that Colonel
Colt has nothing to fear from the manufacture of
an arm equal to his. It is because an arm resem-
bling it, made of cast iron, not efficacious, but
absolutely dangerous, will be manufactured and
forced on the market atan infinitely less price than
his, that he requires a renewal of his patent to pio-
tect the public from the inferior article.
Mr. SMITH. Then the gentleman supposes
that the public have not intelligence enough to dis-
criminate between a good arm and a bad one.
Mr. EDGERTON. The public have intelli-
gence enough to discriminate when once or twice
they have paid dearly for their experience in a
matter.
But it is also charged that Colonel Colt has
made a large amount of money by his contracts
with the Government. Well, let us look at that
matter for a moment. In 1846 he made his first
contract with the Government for a thousand
pistols, for which he was to receive the sum of
$28,150. That was the first contract that he
made with the Government. He swears—and
even this committee of investigation say that he is
a man of honor and integrity, and that they never
questioned his veracity—he swears that those
pistols, manufactured under his personal super-
intendence, and made as cheaply as they could
be made, cost to him $27,063 81, showing a profit
of only $986 19. This, too, without making any
charge for his time, trouble, or traveling expenses
—the profit, therefore, not paying his board bills.
Since 1846 the Government has received four
thousand. The three thousand furnished before
the last thousand at an actual loss of more than
$2,000. He continued the supply even under this
loss, in order to bring his arm to the test of actual
service; and the proofs show that the profit on the
last thousand was not equal to the loss on the first
three thousand. To sum up briefly, therefore, he
has lost the twenty-two years' time, and the money
first invested, at least $600,000, and he has gained
the value of his machinery, of no value, compar-
atively, for any other purpose but for this, esti-
mated at $350,000 to $400,000.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. EDGERTON. Is my time out?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. EDGERTON. Why, I had only just
begun.
Mr. EDDY obtained the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me five or six minutes of his time?
Mr. EDDY. I will yield to the gentleman for
that time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am much obliged to the
gentleman from Indiana. I merely want to make
a short statement, which will occupy but few tflin-
utes, as I do not desire to intrude on the com-
mittee, having already spoken once or twice in
connection with this subject.
This bill is a very singular case, Mr. Chairman.
It is the only bill which I have known involving
such a large amount of interest that was not
supported on some plausible pretext. It is the
only bill that I have known which is not only not
supported by any principle of legislation on the
subject to which it relates, but which violates
every single sound principle that is known in con-
nection with the question; and every fact stated in
the course of debate, upon either side, js directly
in the teeth of the application.
Now, sir, 1 will make this good in the three or
four minutes during which I expect to occupy the
attention of the committee; ana then I want to
notice, briefly, a few of the remarks of the gentle-
man over the way, [Mr. Edoekton.]
By the general patent law of the United States,
an inventor is allowed fourteen years for his pat-
ent to continue in force. Well, Mr. Colt has had
the benefit of it for twenty-one years; and now he
wants to have another term of it, after the present
patent expires, although he has had one exten-
sion already. The law provides that if, at the
end of the fourteen years for which the patent is
originally granted, the inventor is not sufficiently
remunerated, and if the invention is a meritorious
one, then the Commissioner may extend it. Well,
under this law Mr. Colt went before the Commis-
sioner of Patents; and it was there shown, on evi-
dence taken before the Commissioner, after due
notice to Mr. Colt, and in presence of his attorney,
that he had made out of his patent over $1,000,000,
besides what he may gain before its expiration.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I wish to propose
one question to the gentleman from North Caro-
lina.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman will excuse
me. I cannot yield the floor just now.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I merely want to
inquire 
[Cries of "Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. CLINGMAN, (interrupting.) I hope the
Chair will see that order is preserved. I am only
occupying the floor myself by the permission of
my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Eddy.]
Mr. DUNHAM. I rise to a question of order.
My point of order is this: that the gentleman from
Indiana—my colleague, [Mr.EDDT,]—has no right
to yield the floor to the gentleman from North
Carolina for the purpose of allowing him to make
a speech.
Mr. CLINGMAN. By the general consent of
the committee the gentleman from Indiana yielded
me the floor, on the understanding that I would
retain it for only six minutes.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana yielded the floor for the purpose of allow-
ing the gentleman from North Carolina to make
an explanation with regard to.this question.
Mr. DUNHAM. Yes; but I remark that the
gentleman from North Carolina should, therefore,
confine himself to the mere explanation.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not wonder, Mr.
Chairman, at the tenderness exhibited on this ques-
tion, for I say boldly that nobody can examine it
without coming to the conclusion that it is sup-
ported on some grounds or other not advanced in
this House.
I was showing, sir, when interrupted, that there
is not a single pretext of justice on which this bill
can be passed 
Mr. DUNHAM. I again rise to a point of
order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not mean any offense
to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham.]
Mr. DUNHAM. Nor do I so understand it;
but I know that it has been the practice of the
committee and of the House to confine gentlemen
to the explanation for which they may have got
the floor, and according to that practice the gentle-
man from North Carolina is clearly out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentlemen from Indiana and from North Car-
olina, [Messrs. Dunham and Clingman,] that the
Chair understood the gentleman from North Car-
olina desired the floor for the purpose of making
an explanation, and that the gentleman from In-
diana yielded to him for that purpose. This he
was entitled to do. Any member may yield th®
