654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
floor to another for explanation, but not for the
pmpose of debate, unless by unanimous consent,
Mr. DUNHAM. I want to say to the gentle-
man from North Carolina that I do not think that
remarks such as those he has just made are strictly
in order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was only alluding to the
attempts that have been made to-day to stop
debate on this question, and to the anxiety now
shown to prevent me from saying a few words in
that connection.
I was about to say, Mr. Chairman, that for the
last three years Mr. Colt has been called upon to
make a showing of the profits he has derived
from this patent. At last session, the gentleman
ftom Michigan [Mr. Stevens] read some affidavits
to show that he possessed property in Hartford to
the amount of $450,000, and in London to the
amount of $250,000, making in all some $700,000;
and how much he was worth beyond that he did
not say. My object is to show the committee
and the House that the whole foundation on
which an application for extension of a patent,
under the general principles of our law, is made,
is in this case wanting altogether. Mr. Colt has
been, and is, reaping very large profits from the
manufacture of these patent arms; the whole cost
of manufacturing those pistols, which are now
selling at from sixteen to thirty dollars, does not
exceed eight dollars. Mr. Colt has been making
these large profits, and when he was called on to
make a showing of them before the Commissioner
of Patents, he did not comply with the requisition.
Therefore I say that the foundations on which
applications of this kind usually rest, are in this
case altogether wanting. Besides this, there is
still some two or three years for the patent to run
fcefore its term expires. Remember, too, that Mr.
Colt owns two large establishments for the manu-
facture of these arms, and that there is no danger
of anybody else putting up an establishment of
the sort before then, because he does not know
but that the patent may be extended. The con-
sequence will be, that Mr. Colt will still have vir-
tually seven years longer of monopoly.
Then, sir, upon the general principles of the
patent law, which allows patents to be granted for
fourteen years, and to be extended for seven years
longer, Mr. Colt, having already enjoyed the
benefits of this patent for twenty-one years, is not
entitled to a further extension of it. The argu-
ment has been made that this invention is of great
benefit to the country; but there are other inven-
tions, great and useful ones to the country, and to
the world—such as the steam engine, and the reap-
ing machine, and many of the patent plows—which
are not protected by the patent laws for longer
than fourteen years.
But, Mr. Chairman, I promised to be brief on
this question. I cannot delay to argue it, because
really there is nothing in the arguments in support
of it. Now, why is it that gentlemen are asking
you, in the teeth of all the principles which govern
our patent laws, to extend this patent to Mr. Colt?
Why, the gentleman over the way [Mr. Edger-
ton] tells us—as the report does—that, if Mr.
Colt is not thus protected, somebody else may
make cast-iron pistols, which will not be worth
anything, and that thus the public will be the suf-
ferers. Why do not gentlemen enlarge on that
principle? We do not give monopolies to those
who manufacture steel axes, or pen-knives, or
razors, because others might bring into market
axes, and pen-knives, and razors, of cast-iron.
Why do not gentlemen bring in a bill to prevent
any person opening a hotel in Washington, lest
by permitting more than one to be open people
may be imposed upon ? What more preposterous
idea than that could be conceived? There is not
one member, I am convinced, on this floor who
would act upon such an idea. There is not a
school-boy that would ever entertain, for a mo-
ment, such a preposterous idea.
Mr. EDDY took the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have only occupied four
minutes of the time which the gentleman conceded
to me; and he will please allow me to go on for a
moment or two longer. I only want to show on
what shallow pretext this matter rests.
Now, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Edger-
ton] said here theother day, again and again, that
no member on this floor had the courage to make
this charge directly. Well, you and I know, Mr.
Chairman, that charging members of this House
with want of courage, is a violation of the rules of
order. But I deliberately repel the charge, and I
say, on behalf of the House, and on behalf of every
man in it, that I do not believe there is a member
here who has not courage enough to make any
statement which he thinks to be true, and I there-
fore pronounce this allegation to be an egregious
falsehood.
So much for that! And I say further, in con-
nection with this report of the investigating com-
mittee, that the report not only sustains everything
that has been stated in respect to the means used
to pass this bill, but it goes even further. The
gentleman from Ohio knows what 1 said theother
day on this head. I said that efforts had been
made to influence members in the manner alluded
to; and the committee thinks so too. The report
shows the large number of agents that are em-
ployed to lobby through this bill. There is one
principal agent who employed—it is shown—six
others; but there are, at least, some ten or twenty
employed for this purpose. If I wanted to go
into the merits of this report—but I do not, as time
will not permit me—I think I could show that it
is a useful document. In conclusion, I would say
that I did not mean to intimate that the gentleman
from Ohio—who is very clear-headed—and the
other gentlemen in this House who ask us to pass
this bill, were actuated by any improper motives;
but I think that that gentleman labors under some
delusion in this matter when he asks us to pass
a bill of this kind. I will no longer occupy the
time of the committee.
Mr. EDDY took the floor.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will the gentleman from
Indiana yield me the floor for a moment?
[Cries of " No, no; let him go on."]
Mr. EDDY. What time have 1 got left, Mr.
Chairman ?
The CHAIRMAN. Twenty minutes.
Mr. EDDY. The time to which I am limited
is so short that I cannot give way further to the
gentleman. I would not have troubled the com-
mittee at this time but for the speech of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Edoeiiton,] somewhat
remarkable in its character, and certainly pungent
enough in its language; and, as I think, calcu-
lated to mislead this House and the country, in
relation to the course of the committee of investi-
gation, and of which I am a member. I may
unaffectedly say, that I feel compelled by an im-
perative sense of public duty to answer it, so far
as the short time remaining will permit me to do.
With the constitution of that committee I had
nothing to do. My own impression is, that I
voted against the resolution of the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Letcher] when it was introduced;
but when placed upon the committee appointed
under that resolution, I endeavored to do what
every member of the House should do, discharge
my duty faithfully and conscientiously, and with a
strict regard to the best interests of the country.
The gentleman from Ohio tells us that this com-
mittee was an inquisitorial tribunal—secret in its
character—and seeking, as I understood him, to
stab reputation in the dark. I know the gentle-
man said that he meant no imputation upon the
several members of the committee; but if it were
a secret body, and if its object was to assassinate
character in this Hall, or out of it, it is a charge
which should be met and repelled; and certainly it
becomes the duty of this committee to repel it. It
is sufficient, however, for that purpose to present
the facts in the case. Even the gentleman him-
self has given a statement of these facts, that, to
some extent, disproves his own assertions. He
has read an article from a paper published in this
city, charging the House with favoring combina-
tions, which would take millions from the pock-
ets of the people by means that were corrupt and
disgraceful. He tells us how that this article was
published in the Scientific American. Well, sir,
that journal is one of the ablest, and, for the kind,
the most important of any circulated in this coun-
try; that it was again published in a family paper
of Philadelphia, called the Saturday Evening Post
—a weekly which reaches the hearth-stones of more
firesides than any paper of that great city. Sev-
eral other papers of general circulation, with long
subscription lists, and having readers in every
part of the country, copied, amplified, and, in some
instances, indorsed these reports, and by this
means extensive currency was given to charges
deeply affecting the dignity and usefulness of the
House, and the character of the representatives of
the people composing it. Those rumors, as the
gentleman terms them, had been carried, too, over
the electric wire to the home of every member of
this House. What were the committee to do ? I
will tell you: They were to examine these charges,
and ascertain whether they had any just founda-
tion.
Let me call the attention of the commitee for
a moment to the resolution under which this com-
mittee of investigation was appointed:
" Resolved, That a committee of seven members be ap-
pointed to inquire whether money has been offered to mem-
bers, or other illegal or improper means used, to induce
members to aid in securing the passage or defeat of a bill
to extend Colt's patent for seven years ; and also whether
money has been offered to members, or other illegal or im-
proper means used, either directly or indirectly, to secure
the passage or defeat of any bill before Congress; and that
the said committee shall have power to send for persona
and papers, with authority to examine witnesses on oath."
That was the resolution by virtue of which the
Committee were to call witnesses before them,
claiming to have a knowledge of these facts, and
examine them upon their oaths; and witnesses were
examined. Nothing was proved to compromise
the character of any member upon this floor, and
I am glad of the opportunity to say it here. But
there was sufficient to show a most unfortunate, if
not disgraceful state of things around this Capitol.
II was proved that combinations of interests were
attempted to be formed, and that letter-writers were
employed for the purpose, not merely of securing
an extension of patent rights, but to defeat them
where defeat best carried out their policy or ma-
levolence, and, if need be, they were to libel any
one who might stand in the way of the object they
had in view. If gentlemen of the committee will
read the deposition of Horace H. Day they will
find a verification of the truth of every word I have
uttered; or if gentlemen still doubt, then read that
of Dickerson, and they will find that he enter-
tained proposals from this same Day to pay him
a large sum of money for purposes connected with
legislation before this House. Is not that a state
of things deserving the serious consideration of
Congress, and the country, and were the commit-
tee to be silent with such a revelation before them ?
The gentleman from Ohio objects to the action
of the committee upon another ground, that it was
a secret committee. I do not know that it differed
in this respect from other committees having
charge of important public business. I do not
remember that that committee at any time closed
its doors. They may have done so with the view
of keeping out those not necessarily connected
with the investigation, and my impression is, that
other committees of the House have done, and
daily do, the same thing. I remember that I had
occasion, a few days since, to call at the room of
the committee of which the honorable gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Edgerton] is chairman, on busi-
ness of one of my constituents, and I found thatthe
doors were closed. 1 supposed then, and I sup-
pose now, that that committee transacted business
in the privacy of its own committee room, for
their own security and protection, and for the
public good.
Mr. EDGERTON (interrupting) here made an
inquiry, which was quite inaudible at the report-
ers' desk.
Mr. EDDY. I will answer the gentleman. He
has charged this committee with sitting in secret
for the purpose of trying members for corruption
andbribery;but I say to"himthat, whenever there
was anything that occurred in the sessions of the
committee reflecting upon any member, direct or
by implication, which might require his notice,
then each and every such member was promptly
notified of it, so that he might come forward and
clear himself from any suspicion which might
have been engendered; and I am happy to say
here, that in every case it was most effectually
done. In every other respect I suppose that the
committee observed the same secrecy as the com-
mittee of which the honorable gentleman from
Ohio is chairman, and other committees of the
House.
Mr. EDGERTON, (interrupting.) The gen-
tleman should observe the distinction that the
committee of which I am chairman has a specific
matter referred to it by the rules.
Mr. EDDY. I did not interrupt the gentleman
during the time he occupied the floor, and he had
his full hour, while I have only a few moments,
