1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
655
and I trust the gentleman will not interrupt me.
I did not draw distinctions for him, and the gen-
tleman from Ohio shall not draw them for me.
1 was speaking of the fact that, whenever any-
thing occurred in that committee deserving the
attention of any member of this House, having
connection with the discharge of his legislative
duties, he was at once notified of that fact. But
the gentleman from Ohio tells us that the report of
this committee, like other reports, will, after the
4th of March next, sink into a sea of forgetful-
ness. Well, sir, let it sink. I have no objection.
I only ask that it shall have done its duty here.
It was for that purpose only that the report was
made. But I think the gentleman from Ohio should
be the last one to complain of its sinking into
insignificance. If it does sink into that sea, the
same line which brings up the report from its deep
bottom will bring to the surface the gentleman's
speech with it; and if the report is valuable to the
children of that committee, and to them only, as
he alleges, his speech, possibly, may be regarded
of like value to his own children. His name and
fame will be rescued from the oblivion which
the pall of time throws over all. I do not know
whether they will look upon the inheritance as
■worth possessing. That is not for me to decide.
Administrators may not deem it as proper assets;
but they can file it with the inventory of effects.
I mean nothing offensive; but when gentlemen
make allusions of this character, and attempt to
strike down members of that committee by ridi-
cule and sarcastic reflections, £ only wish to re-
mind them that comparisons may be instituted as
significant as their own.
Mr. Chairman, I desire now to call the atten-
tion of the committee for the few moments left
me, to the character of the application now before
us.
I shall allude in the first place, to the facts
which this report discloses, and, in reply to the
gentleman from Ohio, show that the expenses of
prosecuting this application, have been largely
over-estimated.
Now, sir, one word as to the testimony of Mr.
Dickerson. He says:
{C Question by Mr. Ruflin. Nnme the agents or attorneys
nf Colonel Colt, now m his employ, to aid the passage of
liis patent extension bill; and state, also, what compensa-
tion has been paid or promised to each, and whether such
compensation is contingent or absolute ?
" Besides myself, Colonel Clemens, and Mr.
E. H. Thompson, (who, 1 believe, has a seat on the floor
of the House,) Mr. George Ashmun, of Massachusetts, was
employed as counsel early in the session, but that employ-
ment, I believe, is at an end. Besides these, I know of
no other being so employed. A compensation has been
paid them, but its amount and chaiacter relate to Colonel
Colt's private affairs, and I, as his counsel, cannot with
propriety disclose it.
'• Question by Mr. Zollicoffer. Do you anticipate that
the expenses of your entertainments at the National Hotel,
while acting as Colonel Colt's counselor, will be refunded
by him; or do you defrav such expenses, or any part of
tliem, out of funds of Colonel Colt in your hands, or sub-
ject to your draft?
" Jhiswer. I pay my expenses by check on my own
bank account. When I make up my account against my
client, I consider all my outlays m that behalf as an element
to be considered. I do not charge them as an item, but
they affect my bills against my client, of course."
The report further shows, that not only Dick-
erson, but other witnesses, when asked to tell
what amount had been expended in behalf of this
application, their reply was that it was a private
matter, and did not concern us. I might, sir, give
extract after extract of the same character, from
this report. I have no doubt that the amount
stated by my friend from Virginia [Mr. Letcher]
was correct, when he said that not less than
$15,000 had been expended to control legislation
in this matter. But suppose it should not be more
than $9,000. We, sir, out in the West, regard
$9,000 as no inconsiderable f®rtune. That sum
expended for the purpose of procuring legislation
would be astounding intelligence to them. But
the presumption from the evidence is, that $9,000
is only a small item of the whole expense. Why,
this same witnesb, Dickerson, if I remember right,
who gave entertainments at the National Hotel,
says that an equitable portion of the expenses thus
incurred were to be paid by the petitioner; and the
petitioner himself, in his testimony, tells you that
Dickerson had unlimited power to draw upon him
for any amount of money he pleased, to pay for
his professional services, and the nature and value
of those services can be easily understood and
estimated.
Now, sir, I will say a few wopds upon the
general question. The report of the committee,
1 believe, proposes an extension of this patent to
the term of seven years, in 1857 Colt will have
already enjoyed a patent for his fire-arm for twen-
ty-one years. It is in proof, so far as any such
fact can be proved, and looking to the lowest esti-
mates that I have heard from any one, that he is
now worth $300,000. It is enough to satisfy us,
Mr. Chairman, that he has erected a large manu-
facturing establishment at Hartford, in the State
of Connecticut, and that the property has been
estimated at$700,000. The gentleman from Ohio
thinks it is not worth more than half ®f that.
Well, call it worth $350,000, and who even here
does not regard that as an ample fortune—one
which ought to last any one a life-time, making
comfortable the possessor of it, and a sufficient
provision to those who follow him ?
But that is not all. Mr. Colt goes to London
and establishes another manufactory there, worth
$250,000, and so perfect in its machinery as to
attract the attention of even that great metropolis.
Now, look at this in another view. At home
Mr. Colt asks for an extension of his patent for a
term of seven years. Abroad he invests capital
to the amount of $250,000, without protection of
any kind, and in competition, too, with the pauper
labor of England, (as it is sometimes called,) and
with the best mechanics, and the most finished
machinery upon the face of the earth, and he suc-
ceeds and makes money under those circumstances
in the heart of that opulent kingdom. The (Gov-
ernment of Great Britain is itself his best cus-
tomer, and to-day he has large orders to supply
her armies with his revolvers. Rumor, too, if I
may be allowed to allude to it, says he is going to
Russia, and is about to establish another manu-
factory there. Without protection, then, and with
competition in Europe, he stands to-day the mo-
nopolist of the whole civilized world of the manu-
facture of that arm.
But we are told that there is another reason why
this patent should be extended, and that is, the
manufacture should not be thrown open to com-
petition, as an inferior article would be produced—
cast iron pistols, for instance, would be made and
sold—and that therefore protection is necessary in
order to secure an efficient fire-arm. I was aston-
ished that such an argument should be made.
There is no article of manufacture to which the
same objection could not be applied. Everything
that is manufactured can be so imitated as to cheat
the most practiced eye; but is that any reason why
you should give a man a monopoly of manufac-
ture for a number of years ? Why, sir, 1 believe
that the State which is now so faithfully repre-
sented, in part, by the gentleman from Connecti-
cut, [Mr. Pkatt,] is somewhat famous for its
manufactures. I remember once to have heard
that Connecticut made wooden hams and nutmegs,
and yet I have never heard that a man who sold
nutmegs required protection by the intervention
of Congress. Nor have 1 ever heard that Ohio
required protection, in consequence of either cast
iron or wood imitations, to her pork trade.
Should this patent be extended, and enjoyed for
seven years in addition to the twenty-one, Colt
would amass a fortune, that would make him a
Girard or an Astor. Already has he accumulated
not less than half a million of dollars, as we have
every reason to believe, and that within the last
six years, as is shown by the report of the Com-
missioner of Patents. I have not time to read it.
When before, I ask, has such a privilege been
extended to any patentee under similar circum-
stances? You remember the case of Whitney,
who, perhaps, gave, by his invention, greater ben-
efit to American interests than any other mechanic
that ever lived within the borders of this Republic.
He revolutionized the productions of almost one
half the Union, and gave a value to that which was
then almost valueless, but now controls the trade
of the world, and, more than anything else, is its
bond of peace. Yet, sir, when he asked for an
extension of his patent Congress refused it, and,
among others, upon the ground that he had enjoyed
the monopoly for a sufficiently long period of time
to amply repay him for his invention. I do not
recollect exactly, but my impression is, that the
case of Oliver Evans was another in point. At
all events, no renewal of patent was granted. He
did not have the advantage of his patent for more
than twenty-one years, and yet his invention was
Then let the vote be
of ten-fold more importance to the producing in-
terests of the country than the one now uwJer
consideration, a repeating fire-arm. As important
as that arm is acknowledged to be 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. General debate, under the
order of the House, is now closed. The gentle-
man from Rhode Island, [Mr. Thurston,] who
reported the bill, is entitled to an hour to close the
debate.
Mr. THURSTON. Mr. Chairman, I am aware
that, under the rules of the House, I am entitled to
an hour for the purpose of closing the debate on
this bill for the relief of Samuel Colt, but I do not
purpose to avail myself of that privilege. The
facts in the case have been laid before members,
investigated, and thoroughly discussed; and con-
ceiving that we are prepared to vote, I yield my
right to occupy the floor for debate, and ask that
it may now be decided whether or not Colt's patent
is to be extended.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I would ask the gentle-
man from Rhode Island to yield to me, so that I
may submit a motion for the purpose of effecting
the object he has in view.
Mr. THURSTON. I give way to the gentle-
man.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Then I move that the
enacting clause be stricken from the bill.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. 1 hope that I may
be first allowed to make an amendment to the
bill.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. With the permission of
the committee, I will state, byway of apology for
my motion to strike out the enacting clause of the
bill, that I have not participated in the debate, nor
in the feeling which has characterized it. I do not
know that I am for or against the proposition. I
make the motion simply for the purpose of bring-
ing the committee to a vote.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I rise to a question of
order. The motion to strike out the enacting
clause is not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. So the Chair decides, and
sustains the point of ord<
Mr. ETHERIDGE.
taken.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Chairman, coming,
as I do, from the State of Connecticut, I feel  
[Cries of " Order!" from all parts of the Hall.]
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Is it in order to per-
fect the bill before the question is taken on the
motion to strike out the enacting clause ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee takes
pr«cedence.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I appeal to the gentleman
from Tennessee t  withdraw his motion for a few
moments.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. WARREN. I demand tellers on the mo-
tion to strike out the enacting clause.
Tellers were ordered; and,Messrs. Etheridgk
and Parker were appointed.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to; the tellers having reported—ayes 99,
noes 23.
So the committee agreed to strike out the enact-
ing clause of the bill.
Mr. WARREN. I move that the committee
do now rise, and report the bill to the House.
The question was put; and the motion agreed to.
The committee rose; and the Speaker pro tem-
pore (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee) having resumed
the chair, the Chairman (Mr. Greenwood) re-
ported that a Committee of the Whole House had,
according to order, had the Private Calendar gen-
erally und er con sideration, and particularly the bill
of the House (No. 59) known as the Colt patent
case, and had instructed him to report the same to
the House with a recommendation that the enact-
ing clause be stricken out.
Mr. EDGERTON. I demand the previous
question upon the motion to strike out the enacting
clause.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. ORR. I want the yeas and nays on that
question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and decided in the
■ affirmative—yeas 111, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken. James C. Allen, Appleton, Ashe,
1 EarksdaJe, Barry, Benson, Benton, Bocock, iioyce, B reels-
