656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9.
nridge. Carpenter, Caruthers, Caskie, Chastain, Chrisman,
Cl*rk, Ciinj?man, Corwin, Cox, Cutting, John G. Davis,
De Witt, Dovvdeli, Dunbar, Eddy, Edmands, Thomas D.
Eliot, John M. Elliott, Ellison, Etheridge, Everhart, Faulk-
ner, Flagler, Franklin, Fuller, Giddings, Goode, Goodrich,
Greenwood, Grey, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Wiley P. Harris,
Hastings, Haven, Hendricks. Hibbard, Houston, Howe,
Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones,
Roland Jones, Kerr, Ktdwcll, Kittredge, Knox, Lane,
Letcher, Lewis, Lilly, Lyon, McQueen, May, Middles-
wartli, Smith Miller, Miilson, Morgan, Morrison, Murray,
Noble,MordecaiOliver,Orr, Packer, Parker, Peck, Bishop
Perkins, John Perkins, Plielps, Phillips, Powell, Preston,
Pringie, Puryear, Ready, Ree^e, David Ritchie, Robbing,
Kuffin, Sabin, Sage, Shaw, Simmons, William Smith,
George W. Smyth, Hestor L. Stevens Stratton, John J.
Taylor, Upham, Vail, Vansant, Wado, Walker, Walley,
Israel Washburn, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth.
Witte, Darnel B. Wright, and ZollieofFer— 111.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, WUlis Allen, Banks,
Belcher, Bell, Bennett, Bliss, Bridges, Bnstow, Bugg,
Campbell, Chamberlain, Chase, Cobb, Cook, Cullom,
Thomas Davis, Disney, Dunham, Eastman, Edgerton, Eng
fish, Gamble, Goodwin, Green, Andrew J. Harlan, Hill,
Hughes, Hunt, Ingersoll, Johnson, Kurtz, Lamb,Lind^lev,
McCulloch, Macdonald, McDougali, McMullin, Mace,
Maurice, Meachatn, Nichols, Norton, Olds, Pratt, Thomas
•Ritchey, Rowe, Russell, Kapp, Seward, Seymour, Shan-
non, Shower, William 11. Smith, Sollers, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Andrew Stuart, Davul
Stuart, Nathaniel G. Tavior, Thurston, Tracy, Tiout,
Tweed, Warren, Wells, Westbrook, and Yates—68.
So the enacting clause was stricken out,and the
bill rejected.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. FARLEY stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Florence.
Mr. MATTESONalso stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Wheeler; that he was opposed to
the bill, and should otherwise have voted to strike
out the enacting clause.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved that the vote by
which the enacting clause was stricken out be
reconsidered, and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
ANTONY ICILGORE.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I have a bill
in which several farmers in the neighborhood in
which 1 reside are interested. 1 ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce the bill;
and if there be no objection, I will ask the House
to put it upon its passage.
The bill was read by its title, as follows:
A bill to remit the duties upon a lot of hemp-
seed imported into the United States by Antony
Kilgore and other farmers of the State of Ken-
tucky, for agricultural purposes.
The bill was then read in exlenso.
Mr. PRINGLE. 1 object.
Mr. STANTON. If the House will allow me
to make a very brief explanation, I think 1 can
satisfy every gentleman of the propriety of passing
the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the House will allow
me, I will state that there are several faimers in
my district who have imported cattle largely
within the last year. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky that he amend his bill so
as to include them.
Mr. STANTON. I trust that the House will
allow me to make a short statement. Last year
the crop of hemp-seed failed in Kentucky. Not
enough could be saved for planting the present
year. These persons were, in consequence, com-
pelled to send to Europe to obtain a sufficient
quantity to plant. They imported some four
thousand three hundred bushels, but even with
that they had not enough to plant more than half
a crop. This bill proposes, merely, that they be
allowed to receive the seed free of duty. It seems
to me there should be no objection to the bill.
Mr. PRINGLE. I object.
EFFICIENCY OF THE NAVY.
Mr. BOCOCK. There is a Senate bill upon the
Speaker's table, entitled " A bill to promote the
efficiency of ihe Navy." I desire the consent of the
House to have it taken up, referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and printed.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
up, read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
MOUTHS OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. DUNBAR. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. f move to reconsider the vote by which the
toil! of the Senate (No. 68) to remove obstructions
to navigation in the mouths of the Mississippi river
at the Southwest Pass and Pass a 1'Outre was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman propose to put the bill upon its pas-
sage?
Mr. DUNBAR. No, sir. I only wish to have
the motion entered, and I will call it up some other
day.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I have no objection
to that.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion will
be entered.
INVALID PENSION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. If gentlemen are not disposed
to go on with private business, as they do not seem
to be, I will ask their consent to allow me to report
back the bill making appropriations for the pay-
ment of invalid and other pensions of the United
States for the year ending the 30th of June, 1856,
which has been returned from the Senate with
amendments. There are only two amendments
to the bill. It will not take five minutes to dis-
pose of them, and I hope there will be no objec-
tion.
There being no objection, the bill was reported
to the House.
The amendment of the Senate was then re-
ported, as follows:
Add as an additional section:
Sec 3. Jlndbe it farther enacted That the widows of
the otficeis, non-oominis-ioned officers, marines, or mari-
ners, who served m the Navy of the United States during
the revolutionary war, and who were married sinee the
first day of January, tbOU, shall be entitled to pensions in
the same manner and to the same txtent as the widows of
the officers <uid soldiers of the auny of the Revolution,
under the second '.ecuon of the act of Fetnuary 3, 1853 ;
and the pensions grunted by this act, and those under
said second section of the act ot Febmary 3, 1853, shall
commence on the fir->t day of March, 1848.
Mr. HOUSTON. That, is the amendment of
the Senate to which I called the attention of the
House some days ago. It proposes to accomplish
two objects. The first is to put the widows of
officers of the Navy, and of sailors and marines,
upon an equality with the widows of officers and
soldiers ot the Army- It also proposes to extend
back the law of 1853, so as to make the pensions
commence in 1848. It is right, in the estimation
of the Committee of Ways and Means, to adopt
the first branch of that amendment. But if the
latter part of it be agreed to, it will, according to
the letter of the Commissioner of Pensions, re-
quire $1,000,000 to commence the extension. The
committee, therefore, recommend that the amend-
ment of the Senate be amended by striking out
the words " and the pensions granted by this act,
and those under said second section of the act of
February 3, 1853, shall commence on the 1st day
of March, 1848.5* 1 now move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question was ordered to be put, heing first
upon the amendment proposed by the Committee
of Ways and Means to the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. WASHBURN,of Maine. I call fortellers
on that amendment. It ought not to be adopted.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Boyce and
Middleswarth were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 7G, noes 5G.
Mr. BENNETT called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing: if) the amend-
ment of the Senate, as amended; and it was agreed
to.
While the question was being taken,
Mr. FENTON addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is another
amendment to this bill not yet disposed of.
Mr. FENTON. I wish to inquire of the Chair
in what state the bill is now in reference to the
amendment which I had the honor of offering?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The amendment
offered in the House, by the gentleman from New
York, is now before the House, and will be re-
ported by the Cierk.
The amendment was read, as follows:
JJnd he it further enacted, That any woman who was the
wife or widow of an officer, non-commissioned officer,
musician, private, seaman, or marine, who served iti the
Army or Navy of the United States in the revolutionary
war, or ir any subsequent war, and has since di^d in the
Hnd or r>aval service of the United Slates,shall also bfen-
titled to the benefits of the pension Jaws, or of this act; but
no woman shall receive a pension for any time during
which her busband received one.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend non-concurrence
in the amendment.
Mr. FENTON spoke in support of his amend-
ment. His remarks will be published in the Ap-
pendix.
The question being on the adoption of the
amendment,
Mr. FENTON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate amendment had been con-
curred in, and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
The title of the bill was then amended by adding
to the end thereof " and for other purposes.''
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent,reported
back, from the Committee of Ways and Means, a
bill making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1856;
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ELLISON also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of Catharine M.
Hamer, widow of the late General Thomas L.
Iiamer; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
HORSES AND OTHER LOST PROPERTY.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. The House will recollect
that a few mornings ago I stated that if the House
would give me twenty minutes'time to explain the
bill that I then introduced, that I would ask for no
further indulgence this session. The House will
recollect that I occupied but five minutes of their
time, and I propose now to consume the remain-
ing; fifteen minutes, in order to take up a bill which
I am sure every gentleman in this House will sup-
port if I can but obtain unanimous consent to take
it up. It is a bill to change the mode of proof
in relation to the payment for property lost or
destroyed in the military service of the United
States. I have no doubt that every gentleman in
the House is familiar with the provisions of the
bill. Resolutions have come up here from the
Legislatures of several States instructing their
Representatives to vote for it.
1 ask, then, that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill to amend an act
entitled " An act to provide for the payment of
horses and other property lost or destroyed in the
military service of the United States," approved
March 3, 1849.
The bill was then read through by the Clerk.
Mr. GIDDINGS, of Ohio. 1 wish to remark
that this bill changes the whole features of legis-
lation for forty years. We are about to rush
through a bill which metes out a measure of jus-
tice to those who may hereafter come before this
body entirely differing from that which has been
meted out to those who have gone before, and I
therefore object.
BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. MIDDLES WARTH. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take from the Speak-
er's table Senate bill (No. 511) entitled " An act
granting bounty lands to certain officers and sol-
diers," for the purpose of referring it to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. I hope that there will
be no objection to it, as I presume every gentleman
is familiar with the provisions of the bill.
Mr. COBB. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs is not the proper committee to whom this
subject should be referred, and I object.
REGISTER AND RECEIVER AT VINCENNES.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table Senate bill (No. 587) to continue
temporarily the offices of register and receiver at
Yincennes.
The bill provides that the register and receiver
shall be continued temporarily in their offices at
Vmcennes until the final report shall be made by
the commissioners pursuant to the act of Con-
gress of J uly, 1854, to adjust titles to certain lands
