662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10^
tween passing a bill with an appropriation of sev-
eral million dollars in it, dividing them among the
several States in the same way, and this? The
matter is referred to the discretion of the Secretary
of War. 1 have as much confidence in the present
Secretary as most men; but at the same time I am
not willing to adopt the principle of the bill, by
which I surrender, on a great constitutional ques-
tion, my judgment, and let it be exercised and ex-
ecuted by him. My authority to make appropria-
tions out of the public Treasury depends upon the
character of tke work, in my judgment, on which
it is to be expended; and a3 far as my vote goes,
if I appropriate the money in the way this bill
proposes, I surrender that most important exer-
cise of my judgment—I think it is most import-
ant, for that is the ground on which it is author-
ized by the Constitution—and besides, subject him !
to the very annoyances which have been pointed
out by the Senator from Ohio; and, also, subject !
the appropriation placed in his hands to a scram- ;
ble of the different parts of the country, in order j
to see which particular locality, which harbor on i
these particular lakes, shall receive the most; and !
thus the whole thing will be thrown into con- j
fusion.
I should be opposed to it on this ground. But !
I am also opposed to it on another. We have a l
great amount of money in the Treasury now; and
there is every probability that that surplus will ■.
be-accumulated from year to year. There are |
certain great works which are national in their ,
character, and important to the commerce of the j
country—which have a great tendency to cement ;
the bonds of union between the different sections |
of the country; and, at the same time, are lm- I
portant as works of defense in case of invasion j
by any foreign enemy. If we go to appropriating ;
the money m the way this bill does, it will break ,
down the whole system, and it ought to break
down. If that is the mode in which the power
vested in Congress by the Constitution is to be ,
exercised, and it is to be a mere scramble for 1
money, the sooner it is broken down the better—
for the little good that will be done, will not, by
any means, come up to the vast evil and great
corruption which wiil result from it. At an early
period, the great men of the country agreed upon j
the power of Congress to make improvements of :
a national character; but, in a very early stage of i
the matter, it was connected with another system
—called the American system of protection—and I
that broke it down. For years it was broke
down. The expenditures were made then, not
in reference to the objects to be improved, not in
reference to their connection with the national
interests of the country, or with the national
defense; but they were made with the view of
emptying the Treasury and furnishing an excuse
for laying a high tariff, for encouraging certain
branches of industry in particular sections ot' the
country. Then the system broke down. Now,
sir, I can view this bill in no other light than ay
just taking so much money out of the public
Treasury, and giving it to the particular localities.
Indeed, the honorable Senator from Michigan, m
attempting to induce the Senator from Ohio to
withdraw his amendment, because it would em-
barrass the bill, stated to him the overpowering
argument that his State received more than any
other State embraced in the bill. I would not
vote for any such bill because my State received
the most or the least; but when I vote for this
system, I do it because the expenditure is for
some object which is national in its character,
and which will promote the prosperity of the
country, and serve as a means of its defense.
Mr. TOUCEY. I think the bill, in the form
in which it has been presented, is liable to three
great objections. In the first place, it transfers
the scramble for public money from the Halls of
Congress to the Executive Department. Here the
scramble is open, public, in the view of the whole
country; there it would be secret, out of sight,
and without that responsibility which publicity
gives to the acts of Congress.
My next objection is* that it transfers what, from
the commencement of the Government, or rather
of the system, has been the exercise of legislative
power—from Congress to the War Department.
' Itattempts to make the exercise of a power which
has, I believe, been uniformly a legislative power,
the subject of Executive discretion. For one, 1
ana not willing to giv  up that power; I am not
willing to give up any part of that power which
can properly and rightfully be exercised by Con-
gress.
My third objection to the bill, in the form in
which it is presented, is, that it transfers to the
Executive the decision whether a given appropria-
tion is constitutional or unconstitutional. We all
know that there are various objections on that
subject, and Congress makes an appropriation to
a particular object only when a majority in each
branch deems it to be constitutional. The mem-
bers of both bodies, acting under the obligation
imposed upon them officially to support the Consti-
tution, make an appropriation and express their
opinion, and when their opinion is presented to
the President, he exercises the power which the
Constitution has very wisely vested in him.
Kow, what do you propose to do? You pro-
pose to make a sweeping appropriation, which
may be expended in two or three different States,
and to leave it to the Secretary of War to say
whether any particular application of that money
to what has heretofore been regarded as a public
work is authorized by the Constitution. Such
legislation as that I think is vitally objectionable.
I think we desert the duty which is imposed onus
when we undertake in that way to evade the ques-
tions, under the Constitution, which come up
properly before us in the exercise of legislative
power. I am, therefore, in every way opposed to
the mode of appropriation contained in this bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have but a very few words
| to say. As a member of the Committee on Com-
I merce 1 joined in reporting this bill; and I really
| think Senators vastly exaggerate the objections
f which they are making, and the force of the prin-
| ciples which they invoke. This bill does not, in
j m-y estimation, yield up any of the legislative pow-
' era of Congress; neither does it grant any extraor-
' dmary or unprecedented discretion to the Exec-
i mive Department. It, m the first place, exercises
' the legislative power of Congress m asserting the
I principle that these appropriations are constitu-
| tional, and in asserting that the appropriation is
: necessary for the improvements contemplated by
| the bill. It says nothing but this: that, in the
j opinion of Congress, improvements are required,
j for instance, on the h&ibors of Lake Erie; that it
is constitutional to appropriate $100,000 to the
improvement of those harbors. The bill orders
that monev to be appropriated. It orders the Sec-
retary of War to expend the sum on those harbors
in Lake Erie. To what does his discretion ex-
tend? To nothing more than to the same objects
upon which the Executive discretion has been
exercised since the foundation of the Government,
in l'act, in practice. I do not speak of forms—I
speak of practice.
Now, last year when we reported the river and
harbor bill, we put into it the appropriations for
different points on the lakes. How did we get,
from what source did we acquire, the information
upon which we based the details of the bill ?
Merely from copies of the leports of the War
Department. You know, Mr. President, and
every member of the Senate knows, perfectly
well, that it is an absolute, practical impossibil-
ity for any member of the Senate to exercise his
individual judgment and discretion in relation to
trie necessity, and the amount of appropria-
tions for the different sections of the Confederacy.
No man can know, no human knowledge extends
sufficiently far to enable any man at any time to
vote upon every proposition of this kind with a
direct personal knowledge. We are all obliged to
take tbe information at second hand, and where
, do we go for it at second hand? We go to the
bureaus of the War Department; we go to the
reports of the surveyors of the Topographical
Corps. They state that at some points a certain
improvement is requisite; they state the nature
of the improvement, and the quantity of money
required to carry it through. We have those re-
ports. We have them showing that it will require
more than $100,000 to do what we have already
declared by the bill of last session we are willing
to do, what the Secretary of War says it is "pes-
sary to do, and for which he has furnished his
reports and estimates. We say that we will not
furnish the money now for the whole, because it
would require a great deal more than $100,000;
but we say we appropriate §100>000 towards the
work to be done upon the lake, and tell him to
send his engineers th#r« and see which are the
points that immediately require the application of
this sum. We could appropriate a great deal
more. A great deal more is necessary; but we
do not expect the whole of these works to ^be
made in a single session, and in appropriating
only a portion of the money required for the
works admitted to be necessary, we look to the
only source of information to which Senators can
look with any degree of safety, for the purpose of
ascertaining whether the appropriation should be
made at all.
We limit the amount to less than the sum re-
quired for the whole, and direct the Secretary of
War, through his engineers, to appropriate that
amount; not, at his discretion, anywhere, but,
taking Lake Erie for an example, to the harbors
upon Lake Erie; and then we limit his discretion
by telling him to appropriate the money at those
points that need it most now. Why do we do
that? Because, from the nature of the work, it
may so happen that the very report which we
have before us, upon which we might give our
vote, might be calculated to mislead us. The sit-
uation of the harbors is constantly changing; they
change as the winds blow and the waves fluctuate
upon their shores. The consequence is, that there
is a constant necessity for some change in the dis-
position of the public money, although the object
for which the money is to be appropriated may
be agreed to by all.
At the very last session of Congress, something
of this kind occurred, which I will mention to the
Senate as an exemplification, in my estimation, of
the fact that there ought to be some provision of
this kind. We passed a bill for the improvement
of an inlet upon the coast of North Carolina.
Under the reports of the officers of the W ar Depart-
ment, the sum of money, ($100,000,) was appro-
priated for cleaning out the entrance. The Secre-
tary of War sent his officers there to do the work
according to the reports which were laid before
us, with the view ot appropriating the mcney to
the precise object and in the precise way in which
the legislation of Congress fixed it. What was
the result? The officers, upon arriving there,
found that there was such a change in the locality
that the improvement desired could be accom-
plished at a much cheaper rate by doing an entirely
different work—by cutting a small canal across a
neck of land, instead of attempting to deepen a
pass from the ocean into the harbor. Had we
made the appropriation of $100,000, to be spent
under the discretion of the Secretary of War, and
according to the best information of the engineers
upon the subject, the work would have been long
ago done. As it is, it is still undone. The money
could not be expended because Congress assumed
to be engineers.
To a certain extent the appropriation of public
money, in all cases, must depend upon Executive
discretion. You have passed a bill for the im-
provement of the mouths of the Mississippi riverat
the Southwest Pass and the Pass al'Outre, Now
take these two passes together, and they extend,
probably, one hundred miles. You do not tell the
Secretary of War at what point in the passes he
is to spend the money; but you tell him he is to
send the officers there and expend the money in im-
proving the navigation of these outlets. In the
present case, when you have before you the reports
of the subordinate officers of the Department,
establishing the fact that improvements are neces-
sary, and that a certain sum of money is required
as an appropriation to carry out the improvements,
you exercise your legislative discretion in direct-
ing the improvements to be made; you exercise
your legislative discretion in selecting the places
where they are to be made, that is, in the harbors
on the southern shore of Lake Erie. You say to
the Secretary of War, " You shall spend$100,000
upon those harbors; but we will not undertake
now in advance to say whether, when you send
your officers there, as soon as the season for work
commences, it may be more necessary to spend that
sum at one harbor than another, atone place than
another. You shall, however, confine your dis-
cretion to the expenditure of that sum, and to
its expenditure at those places where you shall
find it most needed when you send your officers
there." There is a discretion. I should like, if it
was possible from the nature of the subject, to
limit it somewhat; but I cannot see how we can
limit it, and efficiently, at the same time, carry out
the system.
