1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB
663
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that this bill
submits it to the discretion of the Secretary of
War to determine not only what harbors are con-
stitutional objects of appropriation, but upon
what harbors it would be most expedient to ex-
pend the money. We know that there is a differ-
ence of opinion in regard to the power on this
subject. Some gentlemen say that the object
must be national, it must be a harbor in which
more than one State is interested. There is a dis-
tinction between such harbors, and those in which
only one State is interested. Some draw a dis-
tinction between harbors of refuge, and what are
called harbors of commerce. By putting the bill in
this shape we leave it to the discretion of the head
of the Department to say on what harbors the
money shall be expended; because, if we leave it
to his discretion, he, of course, will presume that
Congress did not intend to appropriate ihe money
to unconstitutional objects, and, in selecting, he
will discriminate between the harbors, and take
those which he believes to be constitutional.
Again, you leave it to him to determine as to
which harbors are the most expedient to be im-
proved; and thushe may divide the money among
the different States or among the different harbors,
as he chooses. Thus you give to him an almost
unlimited discretion in regard to the matter. The
Senator from Louisiana attempts to defend it by
saying that Congress cannot determine it; that we
cannot be engineers; that we cannot exercise our
discretion; in other words, that it is a system
which cannot be executed without submitting it
to the unlimited discretion of the Executive to say
not only what are constitutional objects of internal
improvements, but also what are the expedient
objects upon which the money shall be expended.
It shows the natural progression of power under
our system, when we once depart from sound and
safe rules of construction. It shows that inev-
itably all must be merged in the hands of the Ex-
ecutive. To avoid the difficulty, because there is
a difference of opinion among the members of Con-
gress themselves as to what are the constitutional
objects for such appropriations, and what are the
objects upon which it would be expedient to expend
such money, you propose to place this unlimited
power in the hands of the Secretary of War or
the Executue of the United States. j
Mr. President, where is this to end, except in
investing the powers of this Confederacy, one by
one, in the hands of the Executive, until he comes
to exercise all power, and we shall be a body with
no other functions, and no other powers, than to
register his decrees? The Senator from Louisiana
says, it was the same thing, formerly, in a differ-
ent shape, when we required the Secretary to send
an estimate, and after all took his opinion. Mr.
President, we did at least exercise the veto power
over that opinion. If we did not like his esti-
mate, either as to the amount or the object, we
could refuse to appropriate the money; but here
we leave to ourselves no such discretion, no such !
power, no such control. We make a sweeping j
appropriation of a round sum for him to expend j
at his discretion. Thus, sir, we submit the whole
system to the Executive discretion, and place in ]
his hands the tremendous power of saying how, 1
and upon what objects, the money shall be ex- ,
pended. !
Mr. STUART. I must confess, Mr. President,
some surprise at the views which have been taken
upon the language contained in this bill, and i
especially that it should be insisted upon by any
honorable Senator, that the question of the con-'
stitutionality of the expenditure is, under it.
thrown upon the Secretary of War. The very ;
language of the bill, as I stated before, says that'
money shall be expended on that lake. There is '
no question of constitutional power about it left !
to the Secretary. We tell him, you shall expend 1
$100,000 on Lake Erie. That settles that it is ;
constitutional to improve the harbors on Lake j
Erie. You shall do it. On what harbors?
Mr. HUNTER. Is there no difference in the ]
character of harbors? Are there not some in;
which more than one State is interested? Are not!
some called national and some local? Are there
not some harbors of refuge and some harbors of
commerce ?
Mr. STUART. That difficulty only exists in
the minds of a very few gentlemen. If the hon-
orable Senator desires me to answer him, I will
gay that, within the scope of this bill, there is not
that difference. I say there is not a place on the
whole chain of the northwestern lakes, that any
man out of a mad-house would seek to improve,
which can possibly be distinguished from any
other on the question of constitutional power.
But I want to ask a question, to go on with my
remarks. W e say to the Secretary, you shall ex-
pend $100,000 on Lake Erie. Where? Why,
where ltis most needed. Whoknowsmostabout
that—Congress, or an officer who is upon the
ground? Will the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, or the honorable Senator from Connecticut,
in the exerci- e of their power as Senators, say
here to-day that they know better now what har-
bors ought to be improved first on those lakes
than the Secretary of War will after Ills officers
have examined them? If they can answer that
in the affirmative, their arguments are sound; bat
if they cannot, then we leave the discretion pre-
cisely where it ought to be left, and where it must
be left.
Mr. TOUCEY. I will answer, for myself,
that if the facts are presented to me by competent
officers of the Government, in whom I have con-
fidence, 1 can form my opinions upon those facts.
I am not guided by the opinions of others exclu-
sively, though 1 would pay all proper respect to
them; and when I have the power to form an
opinion, and it is my duty to do it, 1 am not will-
ing to commit exclusively to others to say what
that opinion shall be.
Mr. STUART. Why, Mr. President, no hon-
orable Senator knows better than the Senator
from Connecticut, that these circumstances are
constantly changing. Take the fact that I stated
this morning; there are two hundred feet of the
pier built ot the harbor of Black river, on Lake
Michigan, which the last storm has swept away.
Therefore, sir, what was necessary four weeks
ago at that harbor, and what is necessary now,
are two very different thinsrs. Before this winter
has expired, you may find it indispensable to ex-
pend 510,000 at Buffalo in order to save the entire
work. You may find the same thing at Cleve-
land, and at other points.
The honorable Senator states an impossibility.
He will see, therefore, when we are appropriating
money to be expended at the points most requir-
ing it, the facts are not in the possession of the
War Department. They cannot be communi-
cated to us. Hut I say again, sir, that the very
nature of the case shows you that the first of April
may develope to you a necessity that did not
exist, when they communicated their last report to
Congress.
Therefore, I repeat, sir, that it is a discretion
that must be confided to the Executive, if you are
going to prevent what the honorable Senator from
Texas, and the honorable Senator from Connecti-
cut, as also the honorable Senator from Ohio,
designate as a scrambling for the public money.
Why, sir, what do the reports made under the
direction of the Topographical Bureau show us?
They show us that if you make a harbor at a cer-
tain point, this is the plan by which it should be
made, and there is the amount that it will cost to
make it; and that is all they show us. Sir, it is
all that ever has been shown to Congress; and 1
submit that the most industrious member of Con-
gress, living out of the State, never did yet ascer-
tain anything beyond that. He can ascertain
that if Congress make an appropriation for a har-
bor, this is the proper plan, and that is the amount
of money which is necessary, and that is all he
can know about it, unless he lives in the State, or
has been on the ground and made a personal in-
spection. Yet, sir, we talk here about being in
possession of all the facts necessary to decide
where $500,000 shall be expended! Take the
duties that devolve upon Senators and members
of the other House, and I will venture to say that
not one tenth of them find time to read these
reports. Both the honorable Senators from Vir-
ginia and Connecticut will find that their duties
upon the Committee on Finance are such as to
exhaust their entire time. Can they take up the
reports that come from the Topographical Bureau,
covering all the lakes, the Atlantic coast, the Pa-
cific, and the rivers, and go through and digest
them so that they can say that they are in posses-
sion of the facts, and vote accordingly ? The thing
is impossible in itself. Neither the human mind
nor the human frame is capable of carrying out
any such investigation.
But, Mr. President, I rose more especially—I
stated, in the first place, that I did not mean to
discuss this thing again—to read a section in an
act passed last year, which goes as much beyond
anything contained in this bill as human language
can go. The act contains half a dozen sections
appropriating half a million of dollars or more for
light-houses, and at the close, conferring the dis-
cretion on the Secretary of War, is this section:
" Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if preliminary
surveya are required to ascertain the necessity for any
light-house or other aid provided for in this bill, or to de-
termini; ihe proper site for the same, or 10 ascertain more
fully what the public exigency requires, tile Secretary of
the Treasury shall cause ihe necessary examinations and
surveys on tile sea-board to be made under the direction of
ihe Superintendent of the Coast Survey, and those on the
northwestern lakes to be made under Ihe direction of the
Bureau of Topographical Engineers, and ill all cases in
which adverse reports are made, ihey shall be submitted to
Congress at its next session; and in all cases in which the
objects authorized are favorably reported upon, the works
shall be commenced immediately after valid titles and State
jurisdiction shall have been obtained to the sites."
There you put that provision in that bill, and
passed it—and it is only such as you have passed
always in your light-house bills—leaving to the
Treasury Department to sajr whether they will
expend a dollar. We there give the discretion to
the Secretary upon every particular, even a public
exigency. There is not a dollar of it appropriated
absolutely by that bill; and yet, sir, the same
Congress that was frightened so sadly by the
amendment which I reported from the Committee
on Commerce, last year, to the river and harbor
bills adopted that; and, I say,itdoes not stand as
an isolated case; but almost every light-house bill
confers upon the head of the Department just that
amount of discretion, and he cannot expend a
dollar unless, after an examination, in his opinion,
it ought to be made.
Mr. President, I certainly do desire, if possible,
to agree with those gentlemen who think with me,
that these improvements ought to be made. I
expect opposition from all honorable Senators
who differ from us, and who think that none
ought to be made; but I do think it is desirable,
if possible, to agree among ourselves; and if the
experience of Congress in this country has dem-
onstrated anything, it is this; that the moment
you go to specify what appropriations shall be
made in a bill for harbors, you cannot pass it
through Congress without some specifications
being made that are clearly unconstitutional. It
cannot be done. Every Senator, every member of
Congress has felt it. We know that at present,
at any rate, if you embrace in a bill one hundred
items, ninety of which are sound and proper, and
ten of which are not, you lose the whole bill.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, the Senator's
argument in relation to this bill, it seems to me,
cuts up the whole practice of such appropriations
entirely. If, because the Executive is better
acquainted with the details of the appropriation,
ana the particular manner in which they should
be expended, therefore, it ought to be left to his
discretion to say how and on what objects it
should be expended in one thing, the same rule
ought to apply in others, and we ought to vote a
round sum to the Navy Department to be ex-
pended for the Navy as the Secretary of the Navy
chooses; apd so much to the War Department to
be expended under the discretion of the Secretary
of War. If the argument is good for one it is
good for the other. Nor, can the Senator escape
from the fact that there are differences of opinion
in regard to the constitutional objects of improve-
ment even on Lake Erie. Will he undertake to
tell me that the discrimination which has been
drawn by such men as Calhoun,between harbors
of refuge and harbors of commerce, is such a
discrimination as none but madmen would draw?
Will he undertake to tell me that according to the
opinion of some gentlemen, there is not a difference
between national objects, those in which many
States are concerned, like the improvement which
the senior Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] had
a bill passed through Congress for, I mean the Sault
St. Marie—and a local object in some little bay in
which not even a State is interested, but only a
county ? Is it not manifest that such a difference
might exist in relation to the harbors inside of any
one of the lakes ?
Mr. STUART. I only wish, as the Senator is
using the term "madman," to correct him. I
said that there was no place on the northern lakes
