1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
60S
ments It will appropriate them in cases where
the works have already been commenced by and
Under a law of Congress, making appropriations
for the improvement of the particular works.
This amendment, I think, will meet the constitu-
tional objection. 1 agree with the Senator from
Tennessee that it is not the province of the friends
of this measure to discuss it; but if the Senator
will permit me to offer this amendment, I think it
will meet the difficulty, and we can vote upon it.
Mr. BAYARD. I admit that theamendment
of the honorable Senator from Maryland narrows
but does not remove the discretion of the Secre-
tary of War. As it stands now, the discretion is
very wide and indefinite. It would still be indefi-
nite, even with the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Maryland, because it appropriates a
larae sum of money to each lake. The honorable
Senator proposes to specify that the morny which
is appropriated shall be used on works for winch
appropriations have been heretofore made by
Congress; but the appropriation which is to be
made to each particular work will still be left open
to his discretion, and as between these woiks he
may select one and appropriate to it the entire
amount, and abandon the others altogether. It is
still, therefore, an abandonment of the discretion,
on the part of Congress, and does not come up to
the principle which I think is requisite, that the
particular work, and the amount to be appropri-
ated to the work, ought always to be indicated in
the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD. I be£ leave to submit an
amendment as a substitute for the amendment, or
as an addition to it, with the consent of the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio, who, 1 think, will with-
draw his. It is to add to the amendment, pro-
Fosed by the committee, what I send to the Chair,
t includes the harbors in Ohio in the same manner
as the amendment of the Senator from Ohio, but
it also includes other harbors upon all the lakes,
according to the bill of last session.
Mr. WADE. I am willing to accept that
amendment.
Mr. Seward's amendment was read, as follows:
For continuing the improvement of the harbor at Oswego,
New York, on Lake Ontario,
For continuing the improvement of the harbor :\t So<his
bay, Oayujra comity, NVav York, on Lake Ontario, £M..j(iO.
For continuing the improvement on the haiboror Sodu-s
bay, Wayne county, Now York, on Lake Ont.nm, $10,000.
For communis; the improvement of the harbor ot Char-
lotte, at the momh of the Genesee river, New York, on
Lake Ontci'io, $-M,C00.
For etuiiimmiij; the improvement of the harbor at the
niouih cf Oak Orchard lake, New York, on Lake Ontano,
$14,500.
For current expenses of the steam dredge on Lake On-
tario, (k'7,500.
ForconUuumg theimprovementof the harbor of Buffalo,
New York, Lake Erie, $:*3,000.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor of Dun-
kirk, New York, Lake Erie, &3o,O0O.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor of Eiie,
Femifylvinia, on Lake Erie, .$-25,500.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor of Con-
neaut, Ohio, on Lake E le, $11,500.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor at Ashta-
bula, Ohio, on Lake Erin, s!3,500.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor of Fair-
port, Grand river, Ohio, on Lake Erie, .$13,000.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor of Cleve-
land, Oiao, on Lake Erie, $10,000.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor at the
mouth ot Black river, Ohio, on Lake Erie, $10,(.09.
For continuing tiie improvement of the harDor of Huron,
Ohio, on Lake Erie, $13,500.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor of San-
dusky City, Ohio, on Lake Erie, $2c<,500.
For continuing the improvement ot the harbor (Monroe)
at ihe mouth of the river Raisin, Michigan, on Lake Erie,
$10,000.
For current expenses of the bteam dredge on Lake Erie,
$7,500.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor at the
mouth of the Clinton river, iMichigan, on Lake St. Clair,
$5,000.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor (Grand
Haven) at the mouth of Grand river, Michigan, on Lake
Mtchgan, $*20,0u0.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor of Black
Rock, Michigan, on Lake Michigan, $2,500.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor of Saint
Joseph, Michigan, on Lake Michigan, $18,000.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor of New
Buffalo, Michigan, on Lake Michigan, $16 000.
For continuing the improvement of the hirbor of Mich-
igan City. Indiana, on Lake Michigan,$19,000.
Foi continuing ihe improvement ot the harbor of Chi-
cago. Illinois, on Lake Michigan, $24,000.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor of Wau-
kegan, Illinois, ©u Lake Michigan, $16,000.
For continuing {he improvement of the harbor of Ke-
no?ha, (formerly Suuthpoit,) Wisconsin, on Lake Mich-
igan, $15,500.
For continuing ihe improvement of the harbor of Racine,
Wisconsin, on Lake Michigan, $11.0^0
For continuing the impiovemeut of the harbor of Mi!
waukie, at the north cut, Wisconsin, on Lake Michigan.
$17,500,
For continuing the improvement of the harbor of She-
boygan, Wisconsin, on Lake Michigan, $11,000.
For continuing the improvement of the hnihor of Man-
itowoc, Wisconsin, on Lake Michigan, $12,500.
For cui lent expends of bteam diedge on Lake Michigan,
$7,500.
For ihe repair and preservation of public property, and
contingencies of lake haihors, and tor the commutation and
tratif-portaijon of baggag , and the quarters and fuel of offi-
ce!in c.i es no longer ptovided for by the quartermaster's
depaitment, and lor allowances to m«>«t extraordinary ex-
penses, under the special direction of the Secretary of War,
120,000.
Mr. BELL. I suggest that that amendment
will be inconsistent with the provision of the bill
reported by the Committee on Commerce. That
proposes to distribute $500,000 'among the lakes
and $25,000 to Lake Champiam, which is only an
addition 1 therefore suggest to the Senator from
New York, that he modify his amendment to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and insert his
amendment including the $25,000 for Lake Cham-
plain.
Mr. SEWARD. I accept the suggestion of
the honorable Senator from Tennessee; and will
modify my amendment by moving to strike out
ail of the original bill after the word " appropri-
ated,"and insert the provision which J have made,
including Lake Champlain.
The PRIDING OFFICER. Then theqnes-
Mon is upon theamendment offered by the Sen-
ator from New York,as modified, striking outall
after the word "appropriated," and inserting
what has been read, including the appropriation
for Lake Champlain.
Mr. STUART called for the yeag and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CHASE. I understand that the amend-
ment, as now proposed, is to include in one ap-
propriation ali the harbors of all the lakes which
were contained in the river and harbor bill of last
year. I shall be obliged, Mr. President, to vote
against the amendment. I desire to improve the
harbors of those lakes, I suppose, as much as any
member of this body, I am extremely anxious
to have some practicable mode of effecting that
object; and f am quite satisfied that, if this mode
be adopted, we shall obtain nothing whatever. It
ss well known that there are one or two of those
harbors against which the most serious objections
have been made in debates hitherto; and I am
strongly inclined to believe that they fall within
that l.ne of duty which the President has pre-
scribed to himself with regard to this class of im-
provements.
I wish a bill which will steer clear of those ob-
jections, for I want the improvements. 1 desire
nothing but the improvements; and I do not wish
to enter into any vain contest here for the sake of
securing a measure, when that measure is sure to
encounter the Executive disapprobation. There
is rio utility in it. We may obtain a vote of the
Senate, we may obtain a vote of the other House,
to carry a series of improvements in one bill, and
the practical result may he that it will encounter a
veto, and we shall gam nothing. It does not seem
to me that that is the part of wise legislation. I
prefer, with all the objections—some of which I
think are justly urged—the bill which has come
from the Committee on Commerce. I should still
prefer, if it be practicable, to obtain something like
theamendment which was offered by my colleague,
to adopt a bill which will provide for special im-
provements for particular lakes and particular
harbors. I prefer to have bills for each one of
those lakes and the impiovements upon it; and
then we could so modify these bills as to meet the
wishes of Senators from the States m which they
are located, and if they were satisfactory I should
have no objection to make on my own account,
for I have no constitutional scruples on this ques-
tion; but I do not want the improvements for the
harbors on Lake Erie, in which my State is
deeply interested, and where I know a vast amount
of property and a vast number of lives are lost
every year for want of these necessary improve-
ments, mixed in with others, when a particular
and very minute improvement may draw upon
the bill the Executive veto, and thus disappoint
everything. J
Mr, BELL. I suggest to the honorable Senator
from Ohio to move to strike out these objects
which he thinks are objectionable. If the friends
of these improvements on the lakes would takea
suggestion from me, I would say that they' ha<i
better agree on separate bills, the principle which
has already bfe^n adopted, for each important har-
bor, and let the sense of the Senate be taken oh
that, whether it be constitutional or expedient,or
otherwise; but, if the friends of the harbor im-
provements choose to crowd them all into one
bill, they will risk them, as stated -by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio; and I ihin-k that it is not
unlikely, if we may indulge in conjectures, though,
for myself, I do not think it is a proper mode of
proceeding to speculate on what will or will not
be the course of the Executive or of the House of
Representatives, in regard to the money bills. I
am anxious to get the improvements on the lakes
—some of the most important harbors. 1 should
prefer to have the sense of Congress expressed
on each separately. That was the course adopted
here the other day, and I had supposed, from what
was announced on the other side of the Chamber,
that there was an understanding to the effect that
these improvements would be reported and acted
on separately. The amendment may be amended;
and I suggest it to the Senator from Ohio.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator that the first question stiH in
order is on the amendment to the original bill. A
substitute 'being offered for the bill, the bill and
the substitute are both open to modification before
the question is taken; and the'first question is on
the amendment reported by the committee.
Mr. BELL. "Whether that is voted in or not,
the amendment of the Senator from New York
does not propose to strike out the amendment of
the committee, but includes it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair so
understands it.
Mr. BELL. Then the question will be on the
Champlain improvement.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for that question ?
Mr. HUNTER. What is the question ?
t The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce to include $25,000 for Lake Champlain.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from New York
moved an amendment to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. He moved a.
substitute for the whole bill.
Mr. HUNTER. Then the question comesfirst
in order upon that. You may amend the original
bill before you take the question on the substi-
tute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New York moves a substitute for the whole
bill. That being the case, both the original bill
and the substitute are open to amendment. The
original bill being open to amendment, the first
question must be on the amendment proposed by
the committee. The ouestion, therefore, is on the
amendment as originally reported by the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. JOHNSON. The motion, I understood,
was made by the Senator from Delaware to re-
commit the bill to the Committee on Commerce.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
has not been submitted.
Mr. BAYARD. I submit it now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is now
moved that the bill be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Commerce with instructions to report-a
bill specifying appropriations for the several har-
bors or other works on the lakes mentioned in
the bill, for which, in their judgment, appropria-
tions ought to be made.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should very much prefer to
see it recommitted, and let the improvements on
the whole take the same course that the river im-
provements have taken.
Mr. BELL. The only objection to that is, that
I think we should never get it back to the Senate
to have it acted upon here or in the other House.
I think it can be amended now to'answer the same
purpose. We can amend it by striking out what
is exceptionable and obnoxious to Senators.
Mr. JOHNSON. I shall regret if the course
suggested by the Senator from Delaware is not
taken, to refer the bill back to the committee, so
that they may report it again in exact conformity
with what seems to have* been the settled opinion
