THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
that being the extreme point on the lakes, and
ran back again. Questions of collision, and
other maritime questions are, for this reason,
brought into the court of Chicago. Our judge,
therefore, in fact, ceases to be judge of the district
of Illinois, and becomes an admiialty judge for the
lake business which concentrates at the port ot
Chicago. It is utterly impossible for one judge
to do this business, and also the other judicial
business of the United States in Illinois, although
the court is open every secular day in the year,
and there is scarcely ft day when he is not called
upon to discharge jue&\ial functions. On this ac-
count, the House of epresentatives have passed
a bill to divide the Stat.-^lnto two judicial districts,
leaving about two thirds of the State, including
the seat of government, in the southern district,
with about the same business it has heretofore i
had, and the natural increase which must result. |
My belief is that the judge of each of these \
courts will have much more to do than the judge i
for Wisconsin. If the Senator from Michigan
thinks a salary of $2,000 a year is not enough for
the judge of Wisconsin, let him, at the proper
time, move to increase it to §2,500. I presume
he will not insist that $2,500 is too much for a
judge in Chicago. He does not think the district
judge for Michigan, residing at Detroit, should
have less than that; and, beyond all question, rents,
provisions, and all the elements that enter into the
cost of living, are higher at Chicago than at De-
troit, or any other point in the whole north western
country, arising from facts within the knowledge
of the Senator ?
Mr. STUA RT. How is it at Springfield ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. At Springfield prices are
fully as high, I think, as at Detroit. Springfield
is the capital of Illinois, and, in consequence of
being the seat of government, it is a point at which
the expense of living is increased. We all know
that the cost of board, hotel bills, and everything jj
else, is higher at a political capital than at a mere j
commercial town. I would say that the salary of jj
the judge of the southern district, including two jj
thirds of the State, residing at Springfield, should jj
be equal to that of the judge residing at Chicago. j |
I am inclined to think there would be no justice in |!
making a discrimination in salary between the;
northern and southern districts of Illinois. If you ]
fix the scale for Michigan, Indiana, and Ohio, all j,
lying in the same range of country, at a lower eal- jj
ary, of course I shall not object to the judge of the ;|
southern district of Illinois being put at a lower;
salary. If you fix the scale at a higher rate, 1 ji
shall insist on his being put upon the same level, for j j
the cost of living is about the same m all those f
districts; and there should, therefore, be no dis- jj
parity. j1
Mr. STUART. I do not wish to oppose the |
bill; I only desire to call the Senator's attention j;
to one fact, and, if he can explain it, it will be j!
satisfactory to me. The House of Represent- , 
atives, by a bill which they have passed, which ij
was prepared by their Committee on the Judi-j|
ciary, have graduated the salaries of the district jj
judges; and, while Illinois stood as one judicial
district, they fixed the salary of that judge atj,
$2,500. Here is a bill dividing that district, and j,
appointing an additional judge for it; but the sal- j
ary of each is left, as was the salary of the judge
for the whole State before the division. Was ,|
that a mistake of the committee ? That is the . j
point. j,
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will answer the Senator Ij
cheerfully. 1 do not suppose that, if Judge Drum-I j
mond, at Chicago, acted for the whole State, his j;
house rent would be more than it would be if he J
acted for the half of the State. It strikes me that jj
the extent of his jurisdiction would not influerce jj
his landlord on the question of house rent. Nor jj
do 1 suppose that the pric-; of potatoes, beef, and j
all the articles of consumption, would be mflu- ;
enced by the question whether his jurisdiction jj
extended over half the State or over the whole of j
it. 1 do not imagine, therefore, that his expenses, i
or the cost of living, would be at all varied by the >
extent of his jurisdiction. I think, then, that the I
salary ought not to be regulated by the extent of j
jurisdiction; but you ought to give a judge enough [
to enable him to live as a judge ought to live at j
the place where he resides. That question being j
disposed of, the other question is, whether or not j
the business requires the division of the State into j
two judicial districts. On that point there is no ,
dispute. It is utterly impossible for one court,
for the reasons which I have suggested, to do the
business.
Mr. ADAMS. It seems to me that there are
two questions involved in this matter. The first
is, as to the necessity of having two judges in
Illinois. The propriety of a division of that
State into two districts, has been made manifest
by the explanation of the Senator from Illinois,
but as to the other question which is involved I
should be better satisfied by the report of a
committee. I refer to the certainty of the pas-
sage of the bill which has received the sanction
of the House of Representatives, increasing the
salaries of the different district judges of the
United States.
Mr. PETTIT. Allow me to say to the Senator
that that bill is, I believe, the next one which
will be presented to us. It has been thoroughly
examined, and is understood by the members,
boihof this House and the other. It has passed
the other House, and is now here on ourtable—
ai.d 1 intend to ask for its consideration imme-
diatelyafter this shall be disposed of.
Mr. ADAMS. The salary fixed in this bill
anticipates the passage of that bill. It may pass,
or it may not, and I wish to submit, whether it
would not be better to defer this bill until we
determine the fate of that.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will relieve my friend by
this suggestion: Allow this bill to pass, and if
the other does not pass, I pledge myself to move
a reconsideration, and have these salaries ieduced
in accordance with the action on that bill.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, the question
of dividing a State into two or more judicial dis-
tricts is a question which has usually been sub-
mitted to the Committee on the Judiciary. Now,
if there be a necessity for the division of the State
of Illinois into two judicial districts, I apprehend
no Senator on this fiooi will lefuse to give his
conscnt to it. But I am placed in this situation:
I am compelled to rely on the statement of the
Senator from Illinois. If a Senator, who has the
local knowledge of his State that he has, under-
takes to ray that the public business requires an
additional court to be organized in the State of
Illinois, I am disposed to grant it. But a few
days ago when the representatives of the State of
California undertook to demonstrate, as they
thought they did, to the satisfaction of nearly all
the Senate, saving and excepting my friend from
Illinois, that a circuit couit was indispensable for
the transaction of the public business on the
j Pacific coast, the Senator from Illinois interposed
i objections that we wanted no such court, and that
we, who were the immediate representatives of
that section of the Union, did not know what
were the wants of the people on that side of the
continent. Now, however, 1 am willing to take
his declaration alone in regard to his State. I
have not a single particle of testimony, except his
declaration, to show that there is any necessity
for the division of the State of Illinois into two
judicial districts. If it were not for his declara-
tion, 1 should be disposed to doubt, very much,
the policy of dividing an agricultural State like
Illinois into two judicial districts. Why, Mr.
President, everybody knows that, according to
the practice of later years, the common law courts
have taken jurisdiction of very many of those
cases which, in the olden time, belonged exclu-
sively to the jurisdiction of admiralty courts. I
grant that there must be a large amount of ad-
miralty business at the city of Chicago; but ifyou
divide the State into two judicial districts, I can-
not, for my life, see what the judgeof the southern
district of Illinois will be ergaged in.
As to compensation, I think the salary allowed
in the bill is a fair one, although there is no proper
distinction between the pay allowed in the State
of Illinois and that which is proposed by the bill
alluded to by the Senator from Indiana to be
given to the judge of the southern district of Cal-
ifornia. That bill proposes to allow the district
judge of southern California only $3,000 a year.
One hundred and ninety cases have already been
appealed from the decision of the land commis-
sioners to the district court for southern Califor-
nia; and the despatch of the business which has
already been introduced into that court will re-
quire the whole time of the judge for the next
three years. Now, if it is supposed $2,500 is a
proper salary for a judge m Illinois, ! trust that
when I ask that a corresponding salary shall be
allowed to the judges m California, my friend
from Illinois will not, as he did on a previous oc-
casion, interpose his objection. 1 believe on that
occasion, such was the feeling of the Senate, that
we should have obtained what the wants of our
State so imperiously demand, but for the Senator
from Illinois. 1 am a Christian, and therefore I
will return good for evil, and I shall vote for the
Senator's bill on his own representations.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I certainly feel very grate-
ful to the Senator from California for the kind
remarks he has just made, and the Christian spirit
he has exhibited. 1 should of course have ex-
pected such a manifestation of Christian spirit
from him. He has referred to my course on the
California judiciary bill. I did not object to
giving his State the judicial relief which was de-
manded; but I differed from him as to the mode
in which it should be done; as to the effect which
it would have on the general organization of the
judiciary of the United States. As to the sala-
ries of the judges in California, I am satisfied they
ought to be much higher than those fixed in the
bill to which allusion has been made, on the same
principle for which I contended, because the price
of living is much greater there than in other por-
tions of the Union.
That point being disposed of, I will relieve the
Senator from California from the necessity of
acting on my statement alone, though I am grati-
fied to hear liim say it is sufficient. The Com-
mittee on the Judiciary of this body had twice or
three times reported m favor of the division of the
State into two districts. But for that fact, neither
my colleague nor myself would have asked that
this bill should be acted on without being referred
to the committee. Inasmuch as they had reported
this precise bill two or three times, it was deemed
unnecessary to refer it to them again.
Mr. GW IN. 1 hope the Senator from Illinois
will remember that the bill to which my colleague
has alluded—and which, I hope, will soon be
brought up again—has also received the sanction
of the Judiciary Committees of this body and the
other House. I wish him, also, while providing
for his own State, to bear in mind that other
States have great wants, which should be promptly
attended to. While my colleague and myself
intend to accord to him what he asks for his con-
stituents, we trust he will take our word for what
, our constituents desire. We are as much op-
■ posed as he is to the reorganization of the judicial
j system, to which he has alluded; but we can get
i nothing else than the bill to which my colleague
j referred. The wants of our State are such that it
I would be a much greater denial of justice to reject
that bill than it would be to refuse to pass his
own.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not desire to delay the
passage of this bill, nor should I interpose in its
discussion except for the purpose of doing justice
to another State of this Union. The State of
Georgia has a larger population than the Slate of
Illinois; its territory embraces sixty thousand
square miles; it is already divided into two dis-
tricts, but we have only one judge, and we wish
an additional one. We have an extensive sea-
board, where a great many admiralty causes
arise, sufficient of themselves to occupy the atten-
tion of one judge. At present our judge holds the
district courts in both districts. I wish to have
an opportunity of offering as an amendment to
this bill an additional section to extend its provis-
ions to the State of Georgia, or, perhaps, it would
be better to refer it to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, with instructions to inquire whether any
other State is m a like condition with Illinois.
Mr. SHIELDS. This bill pertains to Illinois
alone, and 1 do not think it is proper to encumber
it with other measures. Let the honorable Sena-
tor bring up his proposition as a separate bill.
The PRESIDENT. If the Senator from Geor-
gia objects, as the Chair understands him to do,
the bill cannot be considered now.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It strikes me that it is too
late to make objection. The bill has been consid-
ered by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT. It cannot be read twice
on the same day, under our rules, if objection be
made by any Senator.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But it has been read the sec-
ond time, and is now being considered by the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole, it can ba
