MS
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16„
perfected to the third reading, even if objection is
made.
The PRESIDENT. Certainly, by the unani-
mous consent of the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS, its consideration has been
unanimously consented to. Of course its final
passage can be objected to to-day.
Mr. DAWSON. I understood that we agreed
to take up the House bills on the table, for the
purpose of referring them to the appropriate com-
mittees.
Mr. SHIELDS. My colleague has already ex-
plained that this bill has been before the Senate
Committee on the Judiciary, and approved by
them. The House has acted more rapidly than we
have done, and sent the bill to us. If at this stage
of the session we undertake to amend it, and send
it back to the House, it will be lost, and the gen-
tleman's amendment will have no beneficial effect.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If we agree to this amend-
ment, other Senators will offer similar amendments
for their States.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not desire to delay this
bill; but I submit to the Senators from Illinois
themselves whether there ought to be any objec-
tion to my amendment. The State of Georgia is
already divided into two districts, but we have
only one district judge.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If this be added, other Sen-
ators will seek to insert similar provisions for
other Slates. Surely, the Senator from Georgia
would not wish to kill this bill by loading it with
others, when the effect must be to defeat all, ,with-
out benefiting him. Task him, therefore, to bring
in his proposition as a separate bill immediately
after this is passed. Let us pass it on its own
merits and send it to the House.
Mr. DAWSON. If I occupied the position
which the Senators from Illinois do, and I could
get my bills passed by the exercise of the persua-
sive conversational manner for which they are
distinguished, I should readily yield to the Sena-
tor's suggestion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If I had the personal popu-
larity of the Senator from Georgia I should be
sure of getting any bill through both Houses by
unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Georgia offer an amendment?
Mr. DAWSON. No, sir; the Senators do not
think it proper, and I will not, therefore, encum-
ber their bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
WILLIAM B. KIBBEY.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to a mistake which should be rectified.
Yesterday we passed, and I suppose it has been
sent to the House of Representatives to-day, a
bill for the relief of William Ii. Kibbey. It is to
provide for a claim against the Government for
articles furnished for the penitentiary in this Dis-
trict. It was reported from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, in August last, by our
deceased friend and late associate, Mr. Norris, of
New Hampshire, and it came up yesterday in its
order, and was passed, without attracting the at-
tention of the members of that committee. I learn,
however, that on the 5th of January of this year,
a "bill to liquidate the indebtedness of the peniten-
tiary of the District of Columbia," was passed,
which makes an appropriation for the same pur-
pose. If the bill which we acted on yesterday
should also be passed by the House, there would
be a double appropriation to pay the same claim.
For the purpose of enabling us to recitify the
mistake, I move that the Secretary be instructed
to request the House of Representatives to return
to this body the bill for the relief of William B.
Kibbey.
The PRESIDENT. It has not yet been sent
to the House. Having ascertained the error, I
directed the Secretary not to take the bill to the
House for the present.
Mr. DAWSON. Then I move to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate agreed to pass the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I move that the bill be mdefi-
nately postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A. message from the. House of .-Representatives)
by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk, announced that
they had passed a bill authorizing the purchase or
construction of four additional revenue cutters.
JUDICIAL SALARIES.
The bill from the House of Representatives to
regulate the salaries of the district judges of the
United States, was read the first time and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. PETTIT. At the instance of many Sena-
tors who feel a deep interest in the passage of this
bill, I ask the Senate to proceed to iis considera-
tion now, without referring it to the committee.
It is a bill which was reported by the Judiciary
Committee of the House at an early period of the
last session. It has beers thoroughly examined,
and is well understood. It was passed in the other
House by an immense majority, and there is no
doubt that there is a laige majority of this body
in favor of it. It was fully considered, and
debated by the Senate some time ago, when a
similar proposition, reported from our Committee
on the Judiciary by the Senator from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] was offered as an amendment to
another bill. It is possible that this measure does
not do perfect justice to all sections of the Union,
and to all the judges, but it is a compromise bill,
which was adopted by the House, after much
labor by their committee, and extensive consulta-
tion with those who should be consulted 011 such
a question, and I hope no amendment will be
offered to it.
Allow me to say further, that to my certain
knowledge, at this tune, some of the distnct judges
of the United States are literally starving, for they
have not the means of obtaining a comfortable
living, m consequence of the increase of expendi-
ture which the present condition of things has
brought about. It is but sheer justice to them
that the bill should be passed. The salaries
which it proposes are in no instance extravagant.
I hope the bill will be passed without amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent to consider the bill now.
Mr. CHASE. Let it lie over until Monday.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Ohio object to its consideration?
Mr. CHASE. I do, until Monday.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Februmy 10, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Si.icek.
The Journal of yesterday wa3 read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Presidentofthe United States,
in answer to a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of 2Gth of last month, in reference
to correspondence between the Minister of the
United States at Madrid and the Spanish Govern-
ment; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting a report of the Director of
the United States Mint of the fineness and value
of certain foreign gold and silver coin, as required
by the act of Congress of January 25, 1834, and
March 3, 1843.
Mr. CHANDLER. As that is a communica-
tion of a character similar to the one received
yesterday, I ask that it take the same direction,
and I offer the same resolution as to printing extra
numbers, which resolution will go to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. HOUSTON. This communication has
relation to the fineness of gold, and it is not usual
to have any extra copies of such matters printed.
The SPEAKER. Then it will be laid upon the
table and printed.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting a report of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, relative to the claim of the Brotherton
tribe of Indians against the United States; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in compliance with law, lists of clerks
and other persons employed in that Department
other than officer# of the Army, during the,year
1854; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in compliance with law, a statement
showing what contracts have been made under
the authority of that Department during the year
1854; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting, in compliance with law, a
statement of expenditures from the appropriations
for contingencies of that Department, its officers,
and bureaus, during the last fiscal year; which was
laid on the table, and ord^ed to be printed.
THE SCHOONER HEfpRY PLANTAGENET.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to have taken from the
Speaker's table Senate bill (No. 604) to change
the name of the American-built schooner Henry
Plantagenet, to that of A. G. Brown.
No objection being made, the bill was taken up
and read a first and second time by its title, and
ordered to a third reading. It was then read a
| third time, and passed.
NEW UNITED STATES REVENUE CUTTERS.
Mr. FULLER. I rise to ask the House to
take a vote upon bill of the House No. 242, which
stands upon its engrossment. It is a bill which
was reported from the Committee on Commerce
at the last session of Congress, authorizing the
construction of four new revenue cutters, which
are considered necessary for the protection of the
revenue and the United States police service.
The bill was then reported to the House by its
title, as follows:
A bill authorizing the purchase or construction
of four additional revenue cuttcrs, and for other
purposes.
Mr. FULLER. I offer an amendment to the
bill, and, as explanatory of that amendment, I ask
that a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
which I send to the Clerk's desk, may be read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Set. 4. Jlnd be it further enactcd. That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, find he is heieby, authorized and empow-
eied 10 .sell, in such mode as he may deem best for the in-
terest of the United States, the revenue cutters Ingham and
Harrison ; and further, that he be authorized to cause to be
built or purchased four revenue cuttcrs for the revenue ser-
vice of the lakes between the United States and Canada;
said cullers not to exceed forty ton* borden each, and when
built not to employ more lhan two officers each, and to be
located at such stations as the Secretary may designate;
the proceeds of said sales, and the sum of {$12,000, out of
any money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, is
hereby appropriated for building the same.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is the bill before the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the
reading of the bill, so that the House may know
what the " and for other purposes" means.
The Clerk read the bill through. It appropri-
ates $60,000, to enable the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to cause to be built or purchased, in such
mode as he may deem best for the public interest,
four vessels of suitable size and construction, to be
employed as revenue cutters, on such stations as
he may designate. Besides fixing the compensa-
tion of the officers of the revenue cutters, at the
various stations, it goes on to provide that, from
and after the passage of the act, no person shall
be appointed to the office of captain, first, second,
or third lieutenant, of any revenue cutter, who
shall not have served at least one year before the
mast, and who does not adduce competent proof
of proficiency and skill in navigation and seaman-
ship.
Mr. FULLER. I now ask for the reading of
the explanatory letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury, which I have sent to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania Before the letter
is read, I should like to put a question to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. HOUSTON. The bill contains an appro-
priation of money from the Treasury, and I pre-
sume that it must go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FULLER. The bill has been considered
in the Committee ef the Whole.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not seethe necessity for
this bill. During the last session of Congress w®
added six cutters to the revenue service. We are
now asked to add eight more, which will make in
all, the addition of fourteen revenue cutters, more
