1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
60#
than were in existence in our service altogether
when this Administration commenced.
Mr. FULLER. \ ask for the reading of the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury. When it
is read I shall procot'd to explain the bill and pro-
pose amendments.
Mr. KEITT. Mr. Speaker, how does the bill
come here ?
The SPEAKER. The bill was taken up for
consideration by unanimous consent. It contains
an appropriation, and, under the rules, must receive
its first consideration in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. It may be
that, by general consent, the bill can now be con-
sidered in the House.
Mr. FULLER. The bill has been considered
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. That committee were discharged from its
further consideration by order of the House, and
it was thus brought into the House.
The SPEAKER. Then the bill having been
considered in the Committee of the Whole, the
objection made by the gentleman from Alabama
falls.
Mr. HOUSTON. When was this bill consid-
ered in the Committee of the Whole?
Mr. FULLER. At the last session.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not under-
stand the gentleman from Maine to say that the
bill was ever really considered in the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. FULLER. The Committee of the Whole
on the stare of the Union was discharged from
the further consideration of the bill, and coming
before the House the question arose on its engross-
ment. In that stage it went upon the Speaker's
table, where it has been ever since. It it were
competent for the House to have acted on the bill
then, surely it is competent for the House to act
on it now, especially as it comes at the present
time before us by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER, The unanimous consent was
to take the bill from the Speaker's table.
r Mr. FULLER. So I understand; and the bill
having been considered in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, the objection
made by the gentleman from Alabama fails.
The SPEAKER. As a matter of course, if the
bill has been so considered, the objection fails.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not understand that the i
bill has been considered in the Committee of th
Whole. The gentleman does not say so. lie \
says it was referred to the Committee of the Whole, ■
and that that committee was discharged from us ,
consideration by unanimous consent. He does '•
not say that it was ever taken up and considered
in committee. On the contrary, 1 think that he
says it was not. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. Gentlemen, by looking at the bill, will
see that it makes other provisions besides that m
regard to the building of additional revenue cut-
ters.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. 1 will put an
inquiry to the gentleman from Maine. Does not
the bill alter and increase the rate of pay to the
officers in the revenue service?
Mr. FULLER. Certainly it does.
Mr. ROHBJNS. I would ask the gentleman
from Maine whether the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union has not been discharged
from the further consideration of this bill?
Mr. FULLER. It has.
Mr. 11013131NS. Then, of course, it is regu-
larly, under the rules, before the House.
Mr. FULLER. Certainly, sir. Let me now
ask a question by way of reply to the gentleman
from Alabama. Has it not been uniformly the
practice of the House, when it has discharged the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from the further consideration of bills, to take
them up and put them upon their passage, and
that, too, when they have not undergone discus-
sion in the committee?
Mr. HOUSTON. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. FULLER. I would call the Chair's atten-
tion to the fact that the motion for a suspension of
the rules to discharge the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union from the further consid-
eration of the bill required a two-third vote. The
Journal shows that the rules were suspended for
that purpose.
The SPEAKER. The House might well dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union with a view to referring the bill to
some other committee, or giving it a direction dif-
ferent from that stated. Ihe only difficulty that
the Chair sees in the case arises from the proposi-
tion made by thegentlemanfrom Maine—that the
bill be taken up and a vote be had upon it in the
House. The Chair inquired whether there was
objection. None was made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit this fur-
ther question: Suppose the original bill was con-
sidered in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and that committee, by order
of the House, was discharged from its further
consideration. The gentleman from Maine,now,
when the bill has been brought into the House,
and is up for consideration, moves an amendment
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to sell
two of the existing revenue cutters, and to build
four more—to appropriate the proceeds from the
sale of the two, and, with $12,000 additional, to
build four more revenue cutters. Does not that
amendment, under the rule, require the bill to go
for consideration to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union?
Mr. FULLER. That is a separate question.
If the gentleman makes a point of order on the
amendment, 1 shall withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's point would
only be a reason for ruling the amendment out of
order.
Mr. FULLER. Certainly, sir; and it does not
at all affect the original proposition.
Mr. PECKHAM If the motion of the gen-
tleman from Alabama is in order, I now call for
the previous question on it.
The SPEAKER, it would have been in order
if the gentleman from Alabama had the floor when
he submitted his motion that the bill be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The gentleman from Maine is upon the
floor.
Mr. PECKHAM. Is the gentleman from
Maine through with his remarks?
Mr. FULLER.. Thegentlemanfrom Alabama
has raised a question of order. When it has
been disposed of, I propose to move that the bill
be put on its passage, and on that motion to call
for the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania, i submit that
the bill never has been considered in the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, it
makes an appropriation of money from the Treas-
ury and changes the rate of compensation hereto-
fore allowed our revenue officers, and, under the
rule, must go to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has no difficulty
in regard to the rule of the House. It is plain
that all bills appropriating moneys from the'freas-
ury must have their first consideration in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
After the bill was read by its title, and the pro-
posed amendment was resd in extenso by the
Clerk, the Chair inquired whether there was any
objection to the consideration of the bill. None
was made. The gentleman from Maine then asks
that the bill be put on its passage.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the permission of the
gentleman from Maine, 1 will say that there is
another reason why this bill ought to go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. FULLER. I must object to the gentle-
man until the question of order has been disposed
of.
Mr. HOUSTON". What I wish to state is part
of the question of order. The bill was only read
by its title; but the usual course has been to
read the bill through before asking for objection.
The bill, by its title, proposes to do one thing, and
when you come to read it through you rind that it
riot only proposes to do that but a. great many
other and entirely different things.
The SPEAKER, if the House chooses to sus-
pend its rules by unanimous consent in thia way,
it is not for the Chair to interfere. Taking the
question literally as it arose, the proposition of
the gentleman from Maine, being to take the bill up
and vote upon it, and that proposition being unani-
mously agreed to by the House, the Chair cannot
decide that it is out of order to put it upon its
passage. The Chair, however, does decide that
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Maine is out of order, or rather that it must be
considered in the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FULLER. I withdraw the amendment.
Now, sir, I will not take up but a minute of fch«
time of the House.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman with-
draw his demand for the previous queSudii ?
Unless he does, no remarks are in order.
Mr. FULLER. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question. Having withdrawn my
amendment, I desire now to call the attention of
the House to the provisions of the original bilf,
which is now before us. It authorizes the expend-
iture of $60,000 to enable the Secretary of the
Treasury to purchase or build four revenue cut-
ters, one of which is to take its position at
Charleston, in the place of the Hamilton, which
was unfortunately lost with all her officers and
crew. The second is to take its place upon the
coast of Texas, there having been a law passed
as early as 1846 authorizing one to be built, but
which law has never been carried into effect. The
others are to be stationed upon the Pacific; one
upon the southern extremity of our possessions
there, and the other upon the northern portion of
our Pacific coast. The officers charged with the
collection of the revenue, and also those at the
head of the Treasury Department, state that it is
indispensably necessary for the public service that
these revenue cutters should be provided. I move
the previous question upon the engrossment of the
bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from Maine, who holds the floor, and who
has the charge of this bill, to inform the House
what increase in the compensation of the officers
of these cutters is provided in this bill.
Mr. FULLER. The bill provides for increas-
ing the compensation of the officers and seamen
assigned to these cutters, and of no others. It pro-
vides for an increase to these officers, for the rea-
son that it is impossible for the Government to
secure the services of officers and seamen at these
stations at the existing rate of compensation; and
in that respect it meets the views of the head of
the Treasury Department, growing out of the ne-
cessities of the case, it is useless for me to remind
the House that an increase of the compensation
of the officers and seamen stationed at Charleston,
where the Hamilton was lost, is necessary. Such
an increase is also necessary upon the coast of
Texas in the sickly season,and everybody knows
what wages the seamen and othersupon the coast
of the Pacific get. With this explanation, I trust
that even my friend from Tennessee, with his
notions upon public economy, will be satisfied.
Mr. HENN. I would like to ask the gentle-
man from Maine what is the pro rata increase
provided for the compensation of those officers
and seamen ?
Mr. FULLER. I cannot state, precisely, what
is the pro rata increase, but it only provides some
two or three hundred dollars each for the officers,
and enables the Secretary of the Treasury to in-
crease the wages of the seamen in a like pro-
portion.
The question now being upon seconding the
demand for the previous question,
Mr. RICHARDSON demanded tellers.
Tellers wereordered; and Messrs. Sollers and
Edmundson were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 80, noes 52.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. FULLER, i demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. EDGER'fON. This being private bill day,
I call for the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. This bill is here by the unan-
imous consent of the House, and must be dis-
posed of.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee- JWith the per-
mission of the gentleman from Maine, I would
make an inquiry of him. I understood him to
say that the bill only provided for an increase of
the salaries of the officers of the cutters herein pro-
vided for?
Mr. FULLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES, The second section of the bill ia
as follows;
