(570
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
February 10,
That from and after the 1st day of July, 1854, the com-
pensation of the officers of the revenue cutters shall be at
the following rates, to wit: [the officers of all revenue cut-
ters without distinction. J
Whilst actually employed on any one of the Atlantic or
lake stations, except Charleston, South Carolina, captain,
$1,500 per annum ; first lieutenant, .$1,200 per annum ; sec-
ond lieutenant, $1,000 per annum; third lieutenant, $K50
per annum.
Whilst actually employed on the Charleston or Guir sta-
tion, captain, $1,800 per annum; first lieutenant, $1,5)00
per annum: second lieutenant, £1/200 per annum; third
lieutenant, $1,000.
Whilst actually employed on the West coast, (California
and Oregon,) captain, $2,100 per annum; first lieutenant,
$1,800 per annum; second lieutenant, $1,500 per annum;
third lieutenant, $1,200 per annum. And on said We t
coast the wages of the petty officers, gunners, and mari-
ners, may be regulated and fixed by the President of the
United States, so as not to exceed forty dollars per month,
exclusive of rations.
Their present pay is, captain, §1,200; first lieu-
tenant, $960; second lieutenant, $8G0; and third
lieutenant, $790.
Now, that section provides for an increase of
the pay of all revenue officers.
Mr. FULLER. When I made my statement
just now, I had not the slightest idea that the bill
provided for an increase of the pay of all the offi-
cers of the revenue cutters. I had not read the bill
with reference to that particular since it was
originally reported by the Committee on Com-
merce. 1 did not notice that feature of it until my
attention was specially called to it by the gentle-
man from Tennessee.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope there will be no
objection to the recommittal of the bill, since
the chairman of the committee seems to be mis-
taken about its provisions.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman from
Maine allow me to make a brief statement?
Mr. PULLER. Yes, sir. I withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question, to allow my
friend from Virginia to make an explanation in
reference to this matter.
Mr. MILLSON. I see no necessity whatever
for the recommittal of this bill. It is one of the
few bills which I have had it in my power, I am
sorry to say, to concur in reporting from the Com-
mittee on Commerce. I think this bill has the
unanimous approbation of the Committee on Com-
merce. The question of an increase of the pay
of the officers was considered by the committee,
and we all thought that the small increase pro-
vided by this bill was a reasonable one We all
thought that the pay has been heretofore much
too small, even without taking into consideration
the increased cost of living everywhere.
Now, 1 thought that my friend from Maine, the
chairman of the committee, was mistaken some
time ago, when he said that the bill wits only in-
tended to provide for an increase of pay to the
officers who are to command the cutters provided
for by the bill. We intended that the bill should
provide for an increase of the pay of all the officers
on all the stations, and 1 think that the increase is
perfectly just and proper. I do not think any
gentleman should object to it.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 desire to say to the House
that under the recommendation of the Depart-
ment that this provision is necessary, 1 am ready i
and willing to vote for the construction of these
additional revenue cutters. But I ask the gentle-
man from Maine, if he has the floor, to move an
amendment, so that we shall not go to work by
piecemeal with reference to the pay of these offi-
cers, because it will be sure to result in leveling
others up instead of leveling these down. I there-
fore ask him to strike out the second section of the
bill, and f will cheerfully help him to pass it.
Mr. PULLER. With the consent of the House
I will strike out the second section of the bill.
The SPEAKER. At this stage of the proceed-
ings that can only be done by the unanimous con-
sent of the House.
[Cries of" Consent:"]
The SPEAKER.. Is there objection ?
Mr. PECKHAM. Yes, sir; I object to the
striking out of the second section. I think that it
is the best part of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Then the object of the gen-
tleman from Maine can only be reached by a
reconsideration of the vote by which the bill was
ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. FULLER. Well, I will insist upon the
demand for the previous question, and test the
sense of the House upon the subject.
I
tiyjve to lay the
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee.
bill upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LETCHER. Would it be in order to in-
quire of the gentleman from Maine what these
cutters will cost apiece?
Mr. PULLER. They will cost $20,000 apiece,
and the bill only appropriates $60,000 in gross.
Mr. LETCHER. And they are to cost §20,000
each ?
Mr. FULLER. No; I am mistaken. They
are to cost not to exceed $15,000 each—$60,000
in the whole.
Mr. LETCHER. Why not appropriate enough
to cover the whole?
Mr. FULLER. The bill does that. Fifteen
thousand dollars is believed to be a sufficient sum
to build a cutter of the size and magnitude that
the service requires.
Mr. LETCHER. One more question. How
much will the increased compensation to the offi-
cers and men amount to?
Mr. FULLER. Well, sir, if the House should
pass this bill, we shall have fourteen cutters, and
there are four commissioned officers to each cut-
ter. The second section of this bill provides for
an increase of §300 to the pay of each of the cap-
tains of those fourteen cutters. They get $1,200
per annum now, and this bill will give them $1,500.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Jt will give some
of them $1,800 and some $2,000 per annum.
Mr. FULLER. Only on the stations at Charles-
ton , Texas, and on the Pacific coast. The increase
to the subordinate commissioned officers is less.
Mr. LETCHER. Can the gentleman tell us
what will be Jhe aggregate amount of this in-
crease ?
_ Mr. FULLER. That is a matter of computa-
tion merely. It will not be more than $3,000 or
$4,000 m all.
Mr. LETCHER. Three or four thousand ?
Mr. PULLER. Yes; $4,000 will cover the
whole.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Four thousand dollars for
each cutter ?
Mr. FULLER. No, sir, altogether.
Mi-. CLING MAN. If there are four officers
to each cutter, and they get an increase of $300
apiece 
Mr. FULLER. But they do not. The in-
crease of the pay of a third lieutenant is less than
$100.
Mr. COBB. Is this debate in order after the
main question has been ordered to be put ?
The SPEAKER. The debate is not in order,
and if the gentlemen are called to order, the Chair
will feel railed upon te stop it.
Mr. COBB. I am not calling anybody to or-
der; but, if the debate is to go on, I should like to
say a word or two myself. I want to suggest to
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce
that he can accomplish his object by moving to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was ordered
to be engrossed. If that vote should be reconsid-
ered, he can then move to strike eut the second
section of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the House is
willing that a motion shall be made to strike out
the second section of the bill, so that a vote can
be taken on it, I will withdraw the motion to lay
the bill upon the table.
Mr. PECKHAM. I have no objection to a
vote being taken on that question.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw the motion tolayon
the table.
Mr. COBB. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting ) The gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Cobb J submits a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the previous
question was seconded, with a view to the amend-
ment of the bill.
Mr. HAVEN. That is the motion which I
intended to make.
The question was taken on Mr. Cobb's mo-
tion; and the vote was reconsidered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move to
strike out the second section of the bill.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read a third time.
The question being on the passage of the bill—
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the bill was
passed.
Mr. FULLER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move to
amend the title of the bill by striking out the
words " and for other purposes."
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
lieutenant pendergrast.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I wish to enter a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the bill for
the relief of Lieutenant Pendergrast was yester-
day sent to a Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. Themotionmay beentered,
but not considered at this time.
Mr. ZOLLICOPPER. That is all I want.
order of business.
Mr. EDGERTON. I call for the regular or-
der of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call for reports of a private character
fiom the committees.
colt's patent and the consular bill.
Mr. HAMILTON. I desire to say, Mr. Speak-
er, that I was yesterday detained from the House
by indisposition, and that, if I had been here, 1
should have voted against the diplomatic and con-
sular bill, and against the bill for the extension of
Colt's patent.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules of the
House be suspended, and that the House do now
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of taking
up the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. EDGERTON. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I move that the House resolve itself into
a Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar.
The question was taken on Mr. Edgerton's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The House thereupon resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, (Mr. Haven in the chair.)
hiram moore and john hascaix.
The CHAIRMAN. The first bill in order on
the Calendar this morning is House bill (No. 239)
for the relief of Hiram Moore and John Hascall.
It grants to Hiram Moore and John Hascall,
citizens of the United States, and their heirs, as-
signs, and legal representatives, for the term of
fourteen years from the 27th of June, 1850, the
full and exclusive right and liberty of making,
constructing, using, and vending to others to be
made or used, the improvements for cutting,
threshing, or cleaning grain, which were invented
by said Moore & Hascall, or either of them, and
embraced in the mode!, drawings, or specifica-
tions connected with letters patent granted t > them
on the 28th of June, 1836, for a machine com-
monly known as Moore & Hascall's harvesting-
machine, together with the improvements in-
vented by them, or either of them, in perfecting
said machine, or any part thereof, from the date
of their original patent to the day from which the
same is hereby renewed and extended; and the
Commissioner of Patents is directed and required
to make a certificate of such renewal and exten-
sion, and append an authenticated copy thereof to
the original patent, with the proper specifications
and claims, provided that the said patentees shall
first pay into the Treasury, to the credit of the
patent fund, the fees required bylaw for the re-
newal or extension of patents. It also provides
that, whenever the said Moore& Hascall, or their
heirs, assigns, or legal representatives, shall file,
in the office of the Commissioner of Patents, an
application specifying the inventions and improve-
ments claimed under this act, the said Commis-
sioner shall cause public notice to be given of the
time and place of hearing and considering said
application, according to the provisions of section
