THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1855.
New Series No. 43. -
something in the manufacture of these machines.
I know nothing of the facts; but the gentleman
from New York, as I understand him, says that
millions have been invested.
Mr. SAGE. Yes, sir; millions have been in-
vested.
Mr. ORR. I take it for granted that, if the
machine is worth anything, in the five years which
have elapsed since the patent expired, other me-
chanics would go into the manufacture of it, and
invest capital in its manufacture.
Prom the reading of the amendment I stated
that these persons are protected by it for a limited
time. I think I stated that it protected them for
six months only. My impression still is that my
statement was correct. The gentleman from Mich-
igan says that the amendment protects them for-
ever, and to show which is right, I will read the
second proviso to the substitute. It is as follows:
" Provided also, That no person shall be held, under
this act, in any way accountable for the use or sale of any
maclune now mado, or which shall, within six months
from the date of this act, be finished and sold for use. And
all rights and interests in said patent heretofore granted or
assigned by said patentees, shall inure to, and be enjoyed
by, such assignees and purchasers thereof, respectively,
during the renewed term of said patents, upon the same
conditions and to the same extent as during the term that
did exist when such sale or assignment was made."
Gentlemen will see that it affords protection for
six months only.
Mr. STUART. Well, sir, itprotects them, as
I said before, with respect to the interests they
have already involved in these transactions, and
it protects them in all the machines they can
manufacture in six months from the passage of
this act. It protects them in all the machines they
have made and sold, and I hold that this- is all the
protection they ought to ask at our hands.
As X remarked, these men have devoted their
whole energies to the improvements they have
made, and are making, to their machine,and they
have not only made not one farthing from it, but
this applicant has sunk all his fortune upon it. I
think, therefore, that this substitute protects other
manufacturers to the full extent which they ought
to be protected, if they desire to continue to man-
ufacture the machines, and to avail themselves of
the ingenuity, the talent, the invention of these
applicants, let them pay them for the invention a
just equivalent. But, admitting that there is an
objection to that feature of the bill, is not the Com-
missioner of Patents invested with full authority
in his action upon these applications to take this
matter into consideration ?
We have it loosely asserted that there are mil-
lions of dollars invested in the manufacture of
these machines. I do not believe any such thing.
It is a very loose, general statement. I believe
the gentleman from New York has largely over-
estimated the amount of money invested; but, sir,
certain it is that the inventor has never realized
anything from the manufacture of the machine,
and who is better qualified to adjudicate between
the conflicting claims of the inventor and other
manufacturers of this instrument than the Com-
missioner of Patents ? Let him—^as he will under
this application, if this substitute is adopted—let
him examine the facts carefully submitted to him
under oath; let them be put before the Commis-
sioner in a tangible and a responsible form, and
not in the shape of mere assertion—mere hearsay
evidence—ana then if it shall be proved that the
extension of this patent to Moore & Hascall will
involve the injury of interests of such magnitude
as, in his opinion, to render it improper that this
patent should be extended, why, then, he will
have power to reject it. I submit to the candor
and sense of justice of the members of this House,
that that is the proper tribunal, and the proper
forum where a question of this kind should be ad-
judicated, where tangibleand reliable evidence can
be adduced and authenticated.
Now, sir, while I confess that I have very little
knowledge, either of the practical operation of
these machines, or of the interests involved in the
manufacture of them in different sections of the
country, it does strike me as but a simple act of
43
justice to pass the substitute which has been sent
up from the Committee on Patents. It does seem
to me but simple justice to protect this man in the
fruits of his ingenuity and talents. I would cheer-
fully have voted for the bill as it was first pro-
posed. In the facts set forth by the memorialists
themselves, which have been authenticated and
proved before, and relied upon by two or three
several committees of this House, I should have
found sufficient reasons to have justified, either to
my own sense of justice, or to my constituents,
the vote which I should have given in favor of it.
As it is, it seems to me that the substitute pro-
posed by the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Tracy] is the smallest measureof justice that any
member upon this floor would mete out to acknowl-
edged talent, great genius, indefatigable industry,
and to, I may add, very great misfortune.
Mr. BENTON. I wish to bring—I was going to
say to the knowledge of the House, but it would be
presumptuous in me to say that I could bring any-
thing to the knowledge of the House—but I will
bring to the recollection of the House, some history
upon the subject of renewing patents which,I think,
will be beneficial to the public, and to ourselves.
I am cotemporary with the first applications to ob-
tain renewal of patents from Congress; and when
they first came in, they were received as a strange
intrusion upon the legislative body. These renew-
als and grants of patents were judicial questions,
between an individual on the one side, and a com-
munity on the other; and we let those questions
be decided where judicial questions can only be
decided—by a tribunal sitting and acting as judges.
In those days—twenty-two years ago—Congress
held that the granting of this exclusive privilege
to individuals was itself a favor. The Constitution
goes upon that idea. It was .no right. If it had
been a right, it would be eternal to the man and
his heirs. The whole thing was a favor. It oper-
ated as a bounty, not paid out ofthe Treasury, but
paid directly out of the pockets of the people.
The Constitution gives to the Congress of the
United States authority to grant these patents for
useful inventions for a limited term. " Limited,"
I believe, is the word in the Constitution. In doing
so, the Constitution acknowledged two things:
first, that it was right to encourage useful inven-
tions, and that, for that purpose, the inventor
should have some limited property in his inven-
tion; and, in the second place, the Constitution
assumed the right to say to what extent that prop-
erty should be.
Well, sir, when the first applications came in,
and, defying repulses, hung on till granted, they
went through my ears so often that, although it is
twenty-three years since I heard them, yet, no
sooner do I hear the words " renewal of patent "
here, than Jethro Wood stands before me, in all
his proportions, and not only in all his propor-
tions, but as a most pertinacious character, hang-
ing on to the skirts of Congress, until Congress,
worn out by his annual importunities, granted
him a renewal of his patent. When was that?
I believe it was on the 19th day of May, in the
year 1832. Up to that time Congress had held
that we were not fittodecidethosequestions;and,
sir, if we entertain applications in the nature of
appeals from the Commissioner of Patents, we
give an invitation to every man who has a patent
that is valuable to him, to come here and get it
renewed. All he has to do, is to furnish his Rep-
resentative with a representation of his case, and
I believe that no representative disputes the truth
of anything that a constituent tells him. That is
my own way, and I suppose it is the same with
others.
Mr. STUAUT, of Michigan. The gentleman
from Missouri will allow me to say that I regret
that I have not the honor of claiming to be the
representative of this patentee. He does not hap-
pen to live in my district.
Mr. BENTON. Well, the remark is a peram-
bulatory one, and it may light on the shoulders
of the right person. [Laughter.] I do not take
it back. I will leave it on its travels—meaning
nothing invidious.
Well, sir, I will give you the date of that Set.;
It was enacted on the 19th of May, 1832. What
then ? The Congress of the United States under-
took to protect the community against further
movements on the subject of the renfewal of pat-
ents, except such application for renewal was under
circumstances which would not divest the commu-
nity of any right; and which would give Congress
the chance, and give the community the change of
knowing everything connected with the matter on
the trial of the suit instituted between them and
the applicant. For, sir, a suit it is—a suit in which
the community is a party on one side, and the
applicant is a party on the other side. Congress
having, theretofore, treated these applications for
extension iii the nature of law-suits, passed a law
on the subject for the protection of the commu-
nity, and to give itself some chance of information
on the trial. Within two months.after the same
time—on the 3d of July, 1832—Congress passed
an act on the subject of applications to itself, for
the renewal of these patents. The' first section of
this act was devised to let the whole community
know when their right to the use of an expired
patent accrued. It provides that it Shall be the
duty of the Secretary of State, annually, in the
month of January, to report to Congress and to
publish in two of the newspapers printed in the
city of Washington, a list of all the patents for
discoveries, inventions, and improvements, which
shall have expired in the year succeeding, and the
names of the patentees alphabetically arranged.
The object of this section, Mr. Chairman, was
to let the community know on what day their
right vested to use this improvement. Not, sir,
that Congress had anything at all to do with the
day on which any citizen should actually begin
to use these same inventions. They considered
the right of the citizen as accruing the day of the
expiration of the patent. His right is complete
on that day, and Congress merely took care that
the community should know it, that the commu-
nity should not be driven to make inquiries, that
they should not have to send to the Patent Office
for information, that they should not have to go
about asking when such and such a patent would
expire, but that they should see by two of the
newspapers printed m Washington city, and from
a report made to Congress, on what day any
patent expires, so that every man in the commu-
nity might know on what day the right to use the
invention has vested in him whenever it may
seem proper to himself to use it.
Congress then went upon the idea of acknowl-
edging a vested right in the community on tha
expiration of a patent, and of taking care that
notice should be given of the time at which such
right vested. The first section is that which
refers to the right of the community generally.
Then comes something for the protection of Con-
gress itself. If it must sit as judge, jurors, wit-
nesses, and attorneys, combining all the judicial
functions in itself, at least, Congress should have
some chance of finding out what it was about—
should have some chance of getting a knowledge
of the case, by the exercise of all these judicial
functions. The second section, therefore, provides
that applications to Congress to prolong or renew
the term of patents, shall be made before the ex-
piration of such patents—before the right to use it
shall have vested in the community. Yes, sir<
that is the point. He shall notify the fact ai least
once a month for three months before the pre-
sentation of his application, in two newspapers
printed in the city of Washington, and in one of
the newspapers in which the laws of the United
States shall be published in the State or "territory
in which the patentee shall reside.
Now, sir, in the first part of that section, the*
Congress of the United States protects the rights
of the community by rendering it imperative on
an applicant for an extension of a patent tof
maiehis application, and to advertise the same be-
fore the expiration of the term for which it was
granted. The next part looks to the security of
the community, and the security of Congress, is
prescribing the manner in which this application
