674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
shall be brought in our court. The application
must be advertised for three months before its pre-
sentation, in two newspapers printed in Washing-
ton city, and in one of the newspapers in which
the laws of the United States shall be published,
in the State or Territory where the patentee shall
reside. Congress would not trust theapplicant to
pick out his own newspaper, but makes it imper-
ative on him to publish it in one of those news-
papers in which the laws of the United States are
published, so as to secure that kind of reasonable
publicity which would give the community a
chance to see it. So much for the notice. Then
comes up the petition. The law states what the
petition itself shall contain. The petition shall set
forth particularly the grounds of the application,
and shall be verified on oath. The testimony on
the subject must be taken before a judge, or ajus-
tice of the peace. The petition shall be accom-
panied by a statement of the ascertained value of
the discovery, invention, or improvement; and of
the receipts and expenses arising out of the pat-
ent, so as to exhibit the profit or loss arising
therefrom. I believe, sir, that is all which applies
to it; and, although the Congress of the United
States may assume to itself the right to disregard
the act of a previous Congress, yet I hold that
that privilege does not belong to every man in the
community. I hold that a patentee has not the
privilege himself to disregard an act of Congress;
that he must conform to an existing act of Con-
gress when he wants a new one passed for himself.
And here he proceeds openly and flagrantly to
break the provisions of an act of Congress. And
if we shall dispense with some of the forms of the
proceeding which that act describes, although all
are necessary to the protection of the community,
still we cannot dispense with that great principle
which the whole act recognizes, and was intended
to recognize, namely, the right of the community
to use these inventions on the day of the expira-
tion of their patent; and we cannot, by law, by
justice, or in any legal way, divest the whole
people of that general right which has vested in
them.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. The patent
that you propose here to renew, or to make pro-
vision by which the parties interested hope to get
a renewal, is like almost all other patents—a mere
improvement upon a mass of machinery that has
been invented by others before. Take, for in-
stance, the printing press, which formerly was a
very inferior thing to what is used at the present
day. It has gone through a series of improve-
ments, from time to time; one inventor adding
something, and another inventor add ing something
else; and so proceeding, from time to time, until
now we have a very perfect invention, embracing
a great variety of improvements, suggested and
patented at various periods. What is the effsct
of granting a patent to an inventor? It is to en-
able an individual who has made a new improve-
ment, to avail himself of the inventions of all the
inventors who have preceded him,and, by making
an invention a mere trifle better, so as to super-
sede the others in the market, and create for him-
self, during the pendency of the patent, a perfect
monopoly of all the inventions that have preceded
his ov/n. That is the clear and distinct definition,
as I understand it, of the operation of the creation
and renewal of patents. It is all very well to grant
patents for a limited period of time, by way of
encouraging inventions; but they should not be
permitted to operate, by way of monopoly, where
they are mere improvements of the inventions of
Other individuals who have gone before.
I am not intending to make war upon the patent
laws as they now exist. Here is a case in which
an individual has had the benefit of an improve-
ment upon Hussey's patent exclusively for four-
teen years. He not only has the benefit of this
particular patent, but of other patents that have
been granted for reaping machines, before he
made nis improvement; and in this way he has
been enabled to make a little more perfect machine
than those already in existence, ar.d to drive other
manufacturers out of the market.
I do not pretend to say anything about the mer-
its of this particular machine—whether it is supe-
rior or not to the reaping machines that wer& pat-
ented previous to it. If it is better, the patentee
in this case has had the benefit of his invention for
fourteen years, by making a small improvement
Upon the other preceding inventions; and he has
had the preference in the market over all other in-
ventions of a similar character. In every aspect
of the case, 1 'can see no just reason for granting
the extension of patents of this character, except
in a very extraordinary case. If you deprive a
man who, in pursuance of the laws of the land,
has gone on and invested capital in the manufac-
turing of the improved machinery for which he
may have received a patent, of the use of the ma-
chinery which he had to a greater or less extent
erected for the purpose of carrying on his busi-
ness, you thereby take away from him a vested
right.
It is said, in this case, and perhaps truly, that
the party was misled, and did not know exactly
the provisions of the law, or he would have
applied to the Commissioner of Patents for an
extension of the patent. Cut that is his misfor-
tune, and not his fault. And so it is your mis-
fortune when your house is burned; and so it was
the misfortune of the New York merchants in the
great fire there some twenty years ago, or more,
when their goods were burned, and Congress after-
wards refused to refund to them the duties which
they had paid to the Government upon them. It
was their misfortune, and not their fault. And
this is so in all human transactions. If a man
has not the vigilance to protect his rights, and
for want of it is deprived of his rights, he has
no justification of appeal to the Government, as a
matter of charity, to restore him the rights of
which he has been deprived.
Mr. McMULLlN. I hope the committee will
excuse me for making a very few remarks upon
this question. It is one in which the agricultural
interests of this country are deeply interested; and,
as I represent upon this floor that portion of the
community, perhaps, to as large an extent as any
other member, I think I may ask the indulgence
of the committee while I make a very few sugges-
tions. Allow me to say, that I would be the last
man upon this floor to infringe npon the rights of
the great agricultural interests of this country.
The gentleman from Missouri, fMr. Benton,]
to sustain the position he took, read extracts from
an old law that ought to have been passed when
it was passed, but a law which has been repeat-
edly, time and again, repealed, by special acts of
repeal. Need I remind the committee that, not
long since, a patent was renewed in favor of the
manufacturer of felt cloth ? We have had various
acts repealing special acts of the law to which he
referred. I differ with the gentleman from Mis-
souri as to one of the issues which he presented
to this committee and the country. The renewal
of a patent is not a special favor conferred upon
the individual who, by his ingenuity and industry,
has discovered some valuable improvement. I
hold that the favor conferred has been mutual
between the discoverer and the community at
large.
So it was in the case of the invention of this
reaping machine—this great labor-saving machine
—which, in respect to saving labor, is not sur-
passed by any machine in this country. In days
gone by we used the scythe, the cradle, and the
reap hook. But these men, by their extraordinary
mechanical ingenuity, have invented a machine
by which you save thousands of dollars annually
to the agricultural interest.
But it seems to me that the distinguished gentle-
man from South Carolina, the gentleman from
Missouri, and others who have discussed this
matter, have lost sight of the principal question at
issue. And what is it? Not that Congress shall
renew the patent. No, sir. If I understand the
bill now before the committee, it is proposed to
refer this whole subject of extending the patent to
the Commissioner of Patents, and he is to decide
the question. If he can be satisfied by the patent-
ees that they have not realized a sufficient and
reasonable sum for the invention which they have
made, he will extend the patent; but if he shall be
satisfied that they have realized ample profits, he
will reject it, as he ought to do.
But, Mr. Chairman, I insist, if there are any in
this community who need protection, they are the
humble mechanics of the country—men who are
deprived of society, excluded from its benefits, and
whom men of learning and distinction, like my
friend from Missouri, would not invite to their
houses.
Mr. BENTON. I deny that, out and out. I
deny it, sir.
Mr. McMULLJN. Well, I take it all back.
Then the gentleman is not so aristocratic as I sup-
posed he was. But who does not know that hum-
ble mechanics, as a general rule, are not regarded
as the elite of the country. They do not profess
to belong to the aristocracy of theeountry. They
are deprived of society.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. In Virginia,
but not elsewhere.
Mr. McMULLlN. Wherever I seethe rights
and interests of mechanics, either before the
American Congress or out of it 
Mr. PENNINGTON, (in his seat.) Who
knows when the next congressional election comes
off in "Virginia?
Mr. McMULLlN. Perhaps the gentleman in
my rear [Mr. Pennington] may pander for elec-
tion, but I can inform ihe gentleman I do not. I
make no Buncombe speeches in this House or
elsewhere.
Sir, I desire to get this application before the
proper tribunal, where all the facts can be brought
out, and if it is right and proper that the patent
should be extended, that tribunal will extend it,
and if it is not right and proper, it will not extend
it, and I shall therefore vote for the bill.
Mr. BRIDGES. I propose to claim the atten-
tion of the committee but for a short time, being
in favor, as I am, of the proposition now before
the committee. 1 was in favor of it as one of the
Committee on Patents, and I was in favor of it
because 1 believed there was merit in the applica-
tion. I believed I was acting as the Commis-
sioner of Patents would have acted, when I was
considering the applications made by these gen-
tlemen. Iconsidered the application under the act
of 1836. The honorable gentleman from Missouri
has referred us to the act of 1832; and he has
asked this committee whether they would disre-
gard the act of 1839.' I would say to the honor-
able gentleman from Missouri, that that act has
been expressly repealed, and the question, there-
fore, very improperly fell from his lips, whether
this committee would disregard theact of 1832. I
say the committee must disregard that act, be-
cause itis repealed. To satisfy the committee that
I am right in my assertion, I will refer to the act
of 1836, by which it was repealed, and to which
the gentleman from Missouri did not refer. In
the twenty-first and last section of that act, gen-
tlemen will find that all acts, and parts of acts
passed upon this subject before that time, were
thereby repealed. Then I ask what was the ob-
ject in referring this committee to the act of 1832,
which has become a dead letter upon the statute-
book ?
I invite the attention of the committee to the act
in force in relation to patents, and that is the act
of 1836—the principal and the binding act. Now,
sir, I said that when 1 sat as one of the Committee
on Patents, deliberating upon this question, 1 con-
sidered myself as acting m the place of the Com-
missioner of Patents, and I took the lawofl836as
my guide. And how did I seek my guide from
the act of 1836? I will explain to the committee.
The eighteenth section of the act under which a
patentee may apply for the renewal of a patent
is, in part, in the following language:
" The patentee shall furnish to such board a statement,
in writing, of the full value of the invention, and the re-
ccipts and expenditures, sufficiently in detaiJ toexiiibita
true and laitbIul account of the loss and profit, in any man-
ner accruing to hun, from and by reason of such invention.
And if, upon the hearing of the matter, it s-liall appear to
the full and entire satisfaction of said board, having due
regard to the public interest therein, that His just and proper
that the term of the patent should be extended by leason
that the patentee, without neglect or fault on hii parr,
having failed to obtain, from the use and sale of his inven-
tion, a reasonable remuneration for the time, ingenuity,
and expense bestowed upon the same, and the introduction
thereof jnto use, it shall be the duty of the commw-
feioner"—
--not leaving it discretionary with the Commis-
sioner of Patents—but, if he find all these facts to
exist—
" it shall be the duty of the Commissioner to renew and
extend the patent, by making a certificate thereon of sucli
extension, for the term of seven years."
Now, in considering the question, I took the
application made by the patentee. By that appli-
cation I found that they had incurred great ex-
pense in getting; up this invention; that they had
expended $25,000 in its perfection, and had only
realized some $5,000 from it, leaving them minus
$20,000. I took that to be a fact which could not
