1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mr
so for this reason—which will be satisfactory to
"the committee—that there was but a few days,
once a year, in which experiments could be made
with it. Two or three weeks was the extent of
time each year that it could be used. It was well
.said by my colleague that fourteen months in all
was the extent of the period in which the inventor
of this machine could possibly have had to per-
fect it.
Again, they believed, at the expiration of the
fourteen years, during which time they were per-
fecting this harvesting machine, they ought to
have a renewal by Congress for fourteen years;
and in the year 1849, previous to the expiration
of the patent, they did apply to Congress for a
renewal of it. Twice has a bill for that purpose
passed the House—first in 1849, and then again
in 1851. So the patentee did not lie by, as has been
said in the course of this discussion, for five years;
but they came forward in 1849, before the expira-
tion of the patent; and this branch of Congress
then, and once afterwards, passed a bill renewing
it. Then here was a notice to all parties interested
—a notice to all who were pirating upon this in-
vention. Here was a notice to the constituents
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Sage]—
his constituents in Troy, who have been invest-
ing their money in the manufacture of these ma-
chines. Here was an application to Congress in
1849, and before the expiration of the patent, to
renew it, believing they had sufficient reasons for
having it renewed. They believed they had the
same rights which belonged to other inventors—
that they would have fourteen years, after the
machine was perfected, to enjoy the benefits aris-
ing therefrom.
One word further in reference to this matter.
I know the patentee well. He is a resident of my
district, and of the county m winch I reside. I
have seen this machine operate frequently, during
a number of years past. 1 believe that for a prai-
rie country it is the best machine now extant,
for harvesting, threshing, and cleaning wheat. It
will accomplish more work within the same
length of time than any other machine. It will
harvest over twenty acres a day, and does its
work well, winnowing the grain, and dropping it
into a bag.
Now comes up the question, and the important
one as connected with a machine as valuable as
we claim this to be, Has the inventor been remu-
nerated for the invention ? That is the only re-
maining question to which I wish to call the atten-
tion of the committee. It is in evidence before
the committee that, instead of realizing any bene-
fits from this great invention, Moore & Hascall
had expended from twenty to thirty thousand
dollars of their own means, and of the means of
their friends, and have received no remuneration.
If it is a useful invention, a great labor-saving in-
vention—and ifit is not, a renewal will do no harm
—the question comes up, is the patentee in this
case, as in all other cases, entitled to remuneration
for this great invention ? And here 1 appeal to
the distinguished gentlemanfrom South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr,] who has denounced the matter in
such unmeasured terms, does he mean that he
would not in any case vote for the renewal of a
patent? If so, he is consistent. If, on the con-
trary, he is in favor of the policy heretofore pur-
sued, and is willing in any instance to vote for the
renewal of a patent, it does seem to me that this
is as strong a case as can be presented to him.
All they ask for now, is simply the seven years,
extension—the same length of time they would
have been entitled to, had they applied to the
Commissioner within the time designated bylaw.
I have attempted to state the reasons why they
did not apply to the Commissioner.
One thing further. This is not an unqualified
renewal of the patent. It only asks that the matter
may be referred to the Commissioner of Patents
for his consideration. If, for any good reason, he
should come to the conclusion that the public in-
terests would not be subserved, or that it was not
due to the patentees that this patent should not
be extended, he will reject it the same as if it had
been applied for in the first place.
Mr. COX here obtained the floor.
Mr. HUGHES. 1 ask the gentleman to yield
me the floor a moment, that I may have a short
letter read ?
Mr. COX. What is it ?
Mr. HUGHES. It is a letter in reference to
the passage of the resolutions by the New York
Legislature.
Mr. COX. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the Clerk to read the
letter which I send up.
The letter was read, as follows:
Washington, January 22, 1855.
Learning that certain resolutions, passed by tile Legisla-
ture of New York, were presented to the two Houses of
Congress to-day, protesting against a renewal or extension
of my patent for the reaper, 1 ask the favor of you to pub-
lish the following letter from a member of that Legislature,
as furnishing the key to the passage of the said resolutions.
Very respectfully, your obedient servaut,
CYRUS II. McCOKMtCK.
Albany, January 17, 1855.
Bear Sir: Your letter of January 15,1855, is just re-
ceived, but too late—the resolution you refer to is passed,
f lad I got your letter and pamphlet it would not have passed.
My position is unfortunate in this regard. Personal friends
ask me to state the object of the resolution, and gave me
alleged facts. I stated these, and, in doing so, liave done
you injustice, and stated what I know now not to be true.
But 1 so stated, not knowing what your bill is; but stating
it to be a bill of positive renewal and not of authority to the
Commissioner of Patents to hear.
X have requested a friend to-morrow to move a reconsid-
eration, when I will fully state the facts, and advise vou.
Respectfully yours, AMBROSE STEVENS.
C. H. McCokmick, Esq.
Mr. SAGE. That is in reference to the exten-
sion of Mr. McCormick's patent, and notforthat
of the one now under consideration.
Mr. COX. I intended, Mr. Chairman, to have
made a motion which would have presented a test
of this question to the committee, with a view of
favoring the friends of the bill, so that they might
have a vote on it to-day; but it is manifest that
there is no quorum present, and I will move that
the committee do now rise.
[Cries of " Yes there is a quorum !" " With-
draw your motion !"]
Air. COX. I do not think that there is.
Mr. FAULKNER. If the gentleman will
withdraw his motion that the committee rise, I
will move to strike out the enacting clause of the
bill.
Mr. CLARK. I hopethe gentleman will with-
draw his motion to rise for that purpose.
Mr. COX. If gentlemen desire a vote in the
present condition of the committee, very well. 1
withdraw my motion to rise, and move to strike
out the enacting clause of the bill, so that we may
have a vote to-day.
[Cries of " That is right!"]
Mr. MILLSON. I rise, Mr. Chairman, sim-
ply for the purpose of making a motion. I think
that we have had enough of this discussion. The
opinions of members have been formed long ago,
and the motion I design submitting is one which,
I think, will effect the object of the gentleman
from Kentucky, though his will not. A motion
to strike out the enacting clause is now debatable,
and will involve as much debate as the original bill.
Mr. COX. I understand that it has been ruled
the motion to strike out the enacting clause is not
debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate not having been
closed, the Chair will hold that the motion is de-
| batable.
! Mr. MILLSON. I intend, if I can get the
! floor in the House, to move that debate be closed
i on this bill within five minutes after its consider-
ation shall be again resumed in the Committee of
the Whole. With that view, I move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Debate is ex-
hausted gavtlie bill. I suppose that thecommittee
is desirous of voting on the question, and I would
appeal td the gentleman to withdraw his motion
to rise. We can bring the matter to a conclusion
without going into the House for the purpose of
closing debate.
Mr. SAGE. I desire to secure a vote on my
amendment.
Mr. COX. If gentlemen desire to vote now, I
am willing the question shall be taken. Otherwise
I arn willing to withdraw my motion from that of
the gentleman from Virginia, that the committee
rise with a view to the closing of the debate.
Mr. MILLSON. If the committee is ready to
vote, I withdraw my motion.
Mr. McNAIR. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The question was taken; and on a division there
were—ayes thirty-two, noes not counted.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. COX. I move t« .strike Out the enacting
clause of the bill. t . , j
Mr, SAGE. Can I submit my amendment
when the bill goes into the House? . , ;
The CHAIRMAN. That/will 'spend on the
condition of the bill when the gentleman subnaits
his amendment. If the previous question be mt
called, it will be in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question qf
order. I hold that the motion ta strike eat th#
enacting clause is not in order. ^..
Now, Mr. Chairman, I will not consume the
time of the committee in discussing this, point of
order. Much may be said. I was in hopes that
the honorable gentleman from Virginia, who took
the floor awhile ago—r-
[Cries of " Order 1"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the gentleman, that as the committee has re-
peatedly sustained the Chairman in deciding the
motion to be in order, whether he had not better
let his question of order go over to the next ses-
sion, when I have no doubt he will have the exist-
ing decision overruled. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. There are a great many
of us here now who will not be present at the
next session. [Laughter.] That is very evident.
I do think that this system is growing into an
abuse, a gross abuse. It is resorted to on all
occasions when gentlemen wish, to force the com-
mittee to a vote on any measure.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. Is the question
of order debatable ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The question is
not debatable unless there is a decision and an
appeal from it. The committee is prepared to
vote on the question, and I hope the gentleman
will yield his point of order at this time. If not,
I will move that the committee rise and report the
bill to the House.
I have no Objection to
Mr. CAMPBELL,
that motion.
The CHAIRMAN,
withdrawn ?
Mr. CAMPBELL.
Is the question of order
It
is, if the motion to
strike out the enacting clause be withdrawn. I
am willing the committee shall take a direct vote
011 reporting the bill to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the question will
be on the amendment to the bill.
Mr. COX. I insist on my motion to strikeout
the enacting clause. I would not insist on it but
for the gentleman's point of order. He seems
be very particular about this question. The motion
has been ruled over and over again to be in order'.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not care if it h&$
been settled ten thousand times. It would not
change my opinion of them at all.
The CHAIRMAN. Further debate is not in
order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I make my point.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon
striking out the enacting clause.
The question was taken, and agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise, and report the bill.
The question was taken, six! agreed to. The
committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that a Committee of the Whole House had had
the Private Calendar generally undet considera-
tion, and particularly the bill for the relief of
Hiram Moore and John Hascall,and had directed
him to report it to the House with an amendment
to strike out the enacting clause.
Mr. MILLSON. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the report of the committee.
The call for the previous question received A
second, and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I mbvtf ta
lay the whole subject upon the table. ThM i  thS
quickest way to settle the matter.
[Cries of" No !" " Withdraw thlat motion!'']
Mr. WENTWORTH. I will withdraw the
motion if gentlemen wish to stay here to pass
the bill.
[Cries of" Withdraw it!"]
Mr. WENTWORTH. I withdraw it until th«
question is taken on the report of the Committee
of the Whole House.
Mr. CLARK. I demand the yeas and nays
on agreeing to'the reportof the Committee of tae
Whole House.
