678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that this
House do now adjourn.
[Cries of M Oh, no!" and "The bill will be
lost!"]
Mr. DAVIS, The previous question has been
ordered upon it, and that will bring it up. 1 in-
sist upon my motion.
Mr. FAULKNER. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I move that when this House adjourns, it
adjourn to meet at eleven o'clock, a. m., onMon-
day next.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
for the reason that it proposes to change the reg-
ular hour of meeting, which requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 desire to make an in-
quiry of the Chair. I desire to know whether, the
previous question having been sustained, the bill
will be kept before the House m case they adjourn
at this stage of the proceedings?
The SPEAKER. It will, and will come up as
the first business in order on Monday morning.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I hope the House
will adjourn.
The question was put; and the House refused
to adjourn—ayes 45, noes 84.
The question then recurred upon concurring
with the Committee of the Whole House in strik-
ing out the enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer a resolution of inquiry
merely.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allfn,
Ball, Barry, Bennett, Benson, Benton, Bristow, Bugg,
Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chase, Clingrnan, Corwin,
Cox, Cutting, De Witt, Dickinson, Eastman, Edmamls,
Thomas D. Eliot, Elhernlge, Farley, Faulkner, Flagler,
Franklin, Fuller, Gamble, Giddings, Goode, Goodwin,
Grey, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Wiley P. Harris, Hastings,
Haven, Henn, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. J one,
ICulwell, Kitlredge, Knox, Letchcr, Lnulsley, McCulloch,
Macdonald, McQueen, Matteson, Maxwell, Midrilciswarth,
Millson, Morjran, Murray, Norton, Oir, Packer, Parker,
Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Preston,
Prwgle, Puryear, David Ritchie,Thomas ilitchey, Robbins,
Rogers, Rowe,Ruffin,Russell, Sage, Sapp,Shaw,Shower,
Simmons, Singleton, William Smith, Georqe W. Smyth,
Boilers, Andrew Stuart, iohn J. Taylor,Nathaniel G. Tay-
lor, Teller,Trout, Tweed, Wade, Walker, Elhhu B Wash-
burne, John Weutworth, Westbrook, and HenUnck B.
Wright—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Belcher, Bridges, Clarlc, Cobb, John G.
Davis, Dunbar, Dunham, Eddy, English, Green, Green-
wood, Hamilton, Andrew J, Harlan, Hendricks, Hill, Hous-
ton, Howe, Hughes, McDougall, McMulhn, McNair,
Smith Miller, Morrison, Nichols, Noble, Pratt, Hector 1j.
Stevens, Stratton, David Stuart, Thurston, Tracy, Upham,
Wells, and Tappan Weutworth—34.
So the enacting clause was stricken out, and the
bill rejected.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BLISS stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Jones, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. SAGE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the enacting clause of the bill was stricken
Out, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
PAYMENT OF MONEYS TO MIAMI INDIANS.
Mr. HARLAN. I now ask the consent of the
House to introduce the resolution which I hold in
my hand. It is in the following words:
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Indian Affairs be
requested to communicate to tins House the amount of
money he has paid to JamesT. Miller and Pymytii te-moh,
or to either of them, as directed by the Senate amendment
to the treaty with the Miami Indians, made in Ausust,
1854; and if he has not paid the whole of the $3,800, his
reasons, if any he has, for not having done so, and the
amount unpaid.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 will not object, but 1
would suggest to the gentleman that it is very
unusual to inquire of a bureau. It should be
made of the Interior Department.
Mr. HARLAN. I will so modify the resolu-
tion. , .
There being no objection, the resolution, as
modified, was considered and adopted.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
And thereupon, at four o clock, p. m., the
House adjourned until Monday at twelve o clock,
meridian.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 12, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milbton.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee,presented a petition
of practical licensed engineers engaged in steam-
boat navigation on the Mississippi and its tribu-
taries, praying that an appropriation may be made
to test, by experiment, Miller's condenser for
steam-engines; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. DAWSON presented the petition of Ed-
mund Palling, an Eastern Cherokee, praying to
be allowed his share of the per capita money
appropriated for the Cherokee Iiitiians; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of legal
voters in Providence, Rhode Inland, praying that
a clause may be inserted in all treaties with foreign
Powers for referring to an umpire all questions
which cannot be settled by negotiation; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Also, a petition of citizens of Worcester, Mas-
sachusetts, praying that slavery and the slave
trade may be prohibited by law in all the Terri-
tories of the United States; which was ordered to
iie on the table.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of Henry
Volcker, of Texas, praying for the confirmation
of his title to six hundred and forty acres of land
in the Territory of New Mexico; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr.SLIDELL presented the memorial of John
Temple, praying the confirmation of his title to a
tract of land ill the Bastrop grant; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. JONES, of iowa, presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Iowa, asking an appropriation
for the removal of the obstructions in the Missis-
sippi river known as the Rock island and Des
Moines Rapids; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Iowa,
praying protection to the overland route between
the Mississippi valley and the Pacific ocean; which
was referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. PRATT presented resolutions passed by
the Corporation of Georgetown, District of Co-
lumbia, protesting against the continuance of the
Long Bridge across the Potomac river, and pray-
ing Congress to appropriate a sum of money for
its removal; which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
PETITION RECOMMITTED.
On motion by Mr. WADE, the petition of
John Brown, together with the adverse report
thereon, was recommitted to the Committee on
Pensions.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of William A. Cameron, assignee of the claim of
George Townley, for remuneration for supplies
furnished the United States during the revolution-
ary war, submitted an adverse report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Henry Carson, ad-
ministrator of Curtis Grubb, surviving partner of
Curtisand PeterGrubb,prayingpaymentofafinal,
settlement certificate, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to. He
also submitted a report on the subject; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the heirs of Alexander
Harper, praying compensation for services during
the revolutionary war, submitted an adverse report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the heirs of Johannes
Schultz, or Schultys, praying compensation for
the services of their ancestor during the war of the
Revolution, submitted an adverse report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of the heirs of William
Beatty, praying remuneration for the services of
said Beatty during the revolutionary war, submit-
ted an adverse report thereon; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred the
joint resolution from the House for the relief of
Joel Henry Dyer, reported it back without amend-
ment, together with a report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of A.
S. Bender, praying compensation for his services
as superintendent of the United States lead mines
of the Upper Mississippi, asked to be discharged
from itsfurther consideration, and that it be refer-
red to the Committee on Military Affairs; which
was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of James H. Stimpson, son and
executor of the late James Stimpson, praying for
the extension of patents for improvement in form-
ing and using iron plates, or rails, on railroad
tracks in cities and elsewhere, and for a new
mode of turning short curves upon railroads, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill from the
House to establish an additional land district in
the Territory of Oregon, reported it back without
amendment.
He also, from the Committee on Printing, to
whom was referred a motion to print five hundred
extra copies of resolutions of the Legislature of
Wisconsin, in regard to the naturalization laws,
reported adversely thereon; and the report was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to wham
was referred a resolution to print five thousand
additional copies of the report of the United States
Naval Astronomical Expedition to Chili, reported
adversely thereon; and the report was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to whom was referred the petition of
Mary W. Perrine, for herself and children, asking
payment of the amount due her late husband,
William E. Perrine, as one of the contractors on
the Louisville and Portland canal, submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
FORT LEAVENWORTH.
Mr. HOUSTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested, in
addiiion to the information called for on Saturday last, to
cominuiiicate, at the same time, all the information and cor-
respondence in his Department in relation to the original
establishment of Fort Leavenworth as a military post,
the cause of the recent reduction of the reserve attached
to that fort, with the correspondence that led to, and fol-
lowed it, with theseverai officers at the fort; also, that the
Secretary he requested to furnish al) the correspondence to
or from lus Department, withm iho last your, in relation to
the occupancy of Kansas Territory hy emigrants, and the
reasons which controlled General Clark, when he ordered
the commandant at Fort Leavenworth not to interfere with
the emigration-
BRISTOL, RHODE ISLAND.
Mr. J AM ES submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,and
agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of recommending an appro-
priation for the crection of a building at the "port of Bristol,
Rhode Island, for a custom-house and po- t office.
INTERNAL IMPROVEMENT BILLS.
Mr. FOOT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill making
an appropriation for the continuation of the break-
water m the harbor of Burlington, on Lake Cham-
plain; which was read twice by its title, and on
his motion made the special order for to-morrow
at one o'clock.
Mr. SEWARD, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce the
following bills; which were read twice by their
titles:
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Oswego, New York, on Lake Ontario;
A bill making an appropriation for a steam
dredge on Lake Ontario;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Dunkirk, New York, on Lake Erie;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
