1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
679
harbor at the mouth of Oak Orchard Creek, New
York, on Lake Ontario;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Buffalo, New York, on Lake Erie;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Sodus bay, Wayne county, New York,
on Lake Ontario; and
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Sodus bay, Cayuga county, New York,
on Lake Ontario.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask that these bills may be
made the special order for to-morrow.
Mr. STUART, i move that all of them be
referred to the Committee on Commerce. They
are embraced withm the bill which was referred
to that committee on Saturday, with instructions.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well, sir.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
WAGES OF SEAMEN.
Mr. SUMNER, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
*ecure wages to seamen in case of wreck; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. In introducing this bill I
desire to make a brief explanation, which shall, at
least, be a record of my views with regard to it.
The bill proposes an amelioration of the existing
maritime law in respect to the wages of merchant
eeamen, which, so far as England is concerned,
has already been made by act of Parliament, and
which, in our country, can only be accomplished
by act of Congress.
By the existing maritime law the seaman's
■wages depend upon a technical rule, which some-
times occasions hardship. Freight is compendi-
ously said to be the mother of wages. In conform-
ity with this fanciful idea, the wages are made to
depend upon the earning of freight, unless the
freight has been waived by agreement of the owner,
or unless the voyage or freight be lost by the
negligence, fraud, or misconduct of the owner or
master, or be voluntarily abandoned. In case
of wreck, the sailor has simply the chance of
something, under the name of salvage, if the frag-
ments of the ship saved happen to be of any value.
But if the loss be total, then the sailor is without
remedy. In the wrecks which occur with melan-
choly frequency on our churlish winter coast, this
hardship adds even to the sorrows of disaster.
Thus, as in a case which has actually arisen, a
crew may commence service at Calcutta, may
navigate the Indian ocean, double the Cape of
Good Hope, and bring their ship safely to the
eight of land, and then, by the total loss of the
ship and cargo, from the acknowledged perils of
the sea, they may lose everything, and even their
right to wages; and may find themselves in a
strange port, the prey of poverty. Nor can any
merit, either throughout the protracted voyage, or
in the hour of peril and shipwreck, prevent the
operation of this technical rule.
There is also another circumstance which con-
strains the poor (sailor. The owner may insure his
ship, and also his freight, so that he may lose
nothing but the premium he pays; but the sailor
is not allowed to protect himself by insurance from
the loss of his wages. His loss is, therefore, lit-
erally total.
Now, this technical rule, which fastens the
wages of the sailor to the fortunes of the vessel,
Or, in other words, makes the right dependent on
the successful issue of the enterprise for which ho
is hired, must be considered an off-shoot of the
medieval maritime law. It is not to be_ found in
the Roman law, nor in the maritime legislation of
the Eastern Empire, nor in that early compilation
which goes under the name of the Rhodian law.
An eminent American judge, who has shed great
light upon maritime jurisprudence—! refer to the
learned and able Judge Ware, of the district court
of Maine—has said, in a judicial opinion, (see
The Dawn, Davies's Rep. 133,) that it owes its
origin to the necessities and peculiar hazards
which maritime commerce was compelled to en-
counter in the middle ages, when to the dangers of
the winds and waves were added the more formid-
able perils of piracy and jobbery. The rule
having been thus established, has been preserved
in the maritime jurisprudence of Europe, when the
special exigencies in which it had its birth have
ceased to exist. It has outlived the circumstances
and excuses of its origin; and now survives to vex,
oppress, and disappoint the most needy, if not the
most meritorious, of all who are concerned in the
business of the seas.
This hard rule survives with us, but not every-
where. The greatest commercial nation of the
world has led the way in its abolition, and set an
example to the United States. The act of Parlia-
ment of 7th and 8th Victoria, chap. 112, sec. 17,
(at the close)—called " the merchant seamen's
act"—provides that
" In all cases of wieck or loss of the ship, every surviv-
ing seam:m shall be emitted to Ilia wages up to the period of
the wreck or loss of tiio ship, whether such eliip shall or
shall not h'lve earned freight; piovuled the seamen shall
pioducc a certificate hum the master, or chief surviving
officer of the ship, to the UlVct that he had exerted himself
to the utmost to tavc the ship, cargo, and stores."
But the sailor was not completely protected by
this provision. Experience in England showed
that the cunning of agents was able to introduce
into the shipping articles an agreement waiving
the right to wages in case of loss, which the un-
thrifty sailor signed, ignorant or careless of its
i impoit. To remedy this abuse, a further act of
; Parliament, of 13t.li and 14ih Victoria, clv.p. 98,
I sec. 53—known as i( the mercantile marine act"—
| provides that
"No seamen eha)l,hy reason of f\ny agreement, forfeit his
1 lien upon the ship, or be deprived oi any remedy lor the
[ recovorv of Ins wage*, to winch lie would otherwise have
i 1*0011 entitled ; and every stipulation winch h inconsistent
' with any provision of this act, or of any other act leiaung
! to the metchant service, and every stipulation by winch
! uny bodinun consents to abandon his right to wages initio
i case of the lo\$ of the ship, or to abandon any rights winch
1 he may have or obtain m the nature of salvage, shall be
J wholly inoperative.
I The bill which I now introduce is grounded on
! the provisions quoted from the two acts of the
! British Parliament, and contains two principles:
i pint. That seamen shall be paid their wages down
to the time of the loss of the ship, in ca<-e tliey
serve faithfully to the last; and secondly, that they
j shall not be permitted to lose their wages through
; any agreement in the shipping articles.
In some details 1 have departed from the British
| act. It has not seemed to meadvisable to make the
i the wages dependent on " the certificate from the
masteror chief surviving officer of the ship, "but to
leave the question of services open to proof in any
way according to the received rules ol evidence. 1
have, therefore, said that the wages shall be paid,
" provided the seaman shall have exerted himself to
. the utmost to save the ship, cargo, and stores."
The reasons for this course are clear. Masters
are often part owners of A merican ships, and thus
have a personal interest adverse to the sailor. In
a mood of selfishness or recklessness, they might
refuse the certificate, even though well earned.
: Now, in constructing a protection to the sailor, it
does not seem prudent to make his wages depend-
ent upon any such quarter. Indeed, it is hardly
'just to take from him the right to establish his
claim before the Admiralty court, merely because
an interested master refuses a certificate, when,
' perhaps, plenary proof might be furnished aliunde.
Moreover, if the question were put in the control
ofthe master, he might, obtain thereby an improper
influence over the minds of the crew, inducing
them even to sacrifice truth in the event of any liti-
gation between the owners and the underwriters.
There can be no harm in leaving the question
of fact to be proved by competent witnesses, like
: every other question of fact; and the seamen
should be competent witnesses for each other. A
sagacious court will know how to weigh their tes-
timony, should it come in conflict with that ofthe
officer. It seems proper that the master, too,
i1 though a party to the suit,—as in the case of a
libel against him in personam, or m a suit at common
]aWl—should be competent to testify to the con-
duct of the libellant or plaintiff; in other words,
whether he had "exerted himself to the utmost,"
and I have introduced into the bill a provision
accordingly.
The British act of 7ih and 8th Victoria con-
tains another defect. It limits the wages to" every
surviving seaman." i can see no good reason why
the wife and children of the sailor who has per-
ished in the forlorn hope, perhaps, in the cause of
all, should be deprived of the humble wages so
dearly earned by their natural protectors, and thus
be compelled to feel a new deprivation added to
their bereavement. In the proposed bill there is
no such limitation.
Beyond this brief statement I need not, on this
occasion, add another word. Already Congress
has shown a disposition to modify the rigorous
maritime law in some of its provisions. In 1851, it
made a change in the liability of ehif> owners as
common carriers. But this very liability origin-
ated to a certain extent in the same principles from
which is derived the liability of the seamen, if
they fail to bring the ship and cargo to land. Ship-
owners and seamen were both treated as insurers.
This was in the age of force, before the contract
of insurance had spread its broad protection.over
commerce in every sea. The seaman should share
this protection. He should be treated as not
necessarily either a pirate or a coward.
In the discussions of the Senateon the proposed
change in the liability of ship-owners, it was effec-
tively urged by my immediate predecessor, a
distinguished Senator from Massachusetts, the
late Robert Rantoul, jr., that, if the United States
failed to adopt that measure, the other maritime
nations would have an advantage in the carrying
trade. It is equally true that, unless we adopt the
measure now proposed, Great Britain will have
the advantage of us in the rate of seamen's wages;
for, under her existing laws, the sailor can afford
to work cheaper on board a British ship than
under the American flag.
The measure now proposed is of direct import-
ance to the two hundred thousand sailors consti-
tuting the mercantile marine of the United States.
It also concernsthe three millions of men constitut-
ing the mercantile marine of the civilized world,
any of whom, in the vicissitudes of the sea, may
find themselves in American bottoms. I commend
it as a measure of enlightened philanthropy, as
well as of simple justice.
I move that the bill—having been read twice—
be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE MOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that they had passed the Senate bill
to change the name of the schooner Henry Pian-
tagenet to A. G. Brown.
JOSEPH SAVAGE.
Mr. EVANS. The Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, to whom was referred a bill from the
House of Representatives, for the relief of the
heirs and legal representatives of Joseph Savage,
deceased, have directed me to report it back with
; an amendment, and to ask that it may now be
considered.
There bemgno objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill, the object of which is to require-the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to the legal representatives
of Joseph Savage five years' full pay of a sur-
geon's mate in the Continental line of the Army
ofthe Revolution, being the full amount of the sum
due to him for his services; with a proviso that the
sum so to be allowed shall he in fuli for all de-
mands against the Government on this account.
The amendment of the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims was to strike out the word " ser-
vices," and in lieu of it insert the words " com-
mutation of half-pay."
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in and ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill, as
amended, was read the third time, and passed.
JERARD WOOD.
Mr. EVANS. I am instructed by the same
committee to report a bill for the relief of the heirs
and legal representatives of Jerard Wood, de-
| ceased, which I ask may be now considered. It
I is exactly like the bill which the Senate has just
I passed.
i The bill was read twice by its title, and consid-
i ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to direct that there be paid to the legal represent-
atives of Jerard Wood five years' full pay of a
surgeon's mate in the Continental line of the'Army
cf the Revolution, which sum shall be received m
full for all demands against the Government on
this account.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
REMISSION OF DUTIES.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the Senate this morn-
ing to take up a bill which wilt occupy, I believe,
