682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
with them. They have—nine of them—to sit four
or five hours each day, day in and day out, for
three and five months together, and they are not
at liberty to say one word. They must listen to
the debates, but never speak while they are in
progress. If that were our condition, what would
we sit for? What consideration would induce a
large proportion of the members of this body to
submit to such a state of thraldom, of dumb
slavery and servitude?
The honorable Senator from New Hampshire
[Mr. Wells] informs me that Judge Woodbury,
before his death, told him that the preceding year
he was actually eight months employed on the
bench. We know that these learned judges, if
they do their duty, will have questions propounded
to them while sitting in court—new, great, import-
ant constitutional questions—questions of inter-
national law, and with all the light that counsel
ihed on them, they feel it to be their duty to have
Rn advisare, and to take, until the next meeting of
the court, such hours as they have leisure, to con-
eider them. They are so entirely engrossed that
no attention, or very little, to private affairs can
be reasonably in their power. It is not so with a
large proportion of the district court judges.
I submit these considerations for the purpose of
awakening, if I can, the attention of the Senate
to the subject. But, as honorable Senators think
it better not to encumber the bill, I will make no
proposition to amend it, trusting that the Senate
will voluntarily do a prompt act of justice to the
Judges of the Supreme Court in a separate bill.
No further amendment being proposed, the hill
was reported to the Senate, and ordered to a third
reading. It was read the third time, and the
question was, shall it pass?
Mr. G WIN. The bill commits a flagrant out-
rage upon one of the judges in California; but I
will not oppose the bill, as I could not procure any
remedy now.
The bill was passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. I move now to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the In-
dian appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT. There are some bills on
the table from the House, which the Chair would
desire to dispose of.
Mr. HUNTER. I have postponed my motion
for so many objects, that I feel bound to press it.
Mr. FOOT. I hope the bills from the House,
on the table, will be disposed of.
Mr. HAMLIN. Ihopeso.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Vir-
ginia objects.
Mr. HUNTER. They would take all day.
Mr. HAMLIN. They will not take five min-
utes.
Mr. HUNTER. I must press my motion.
On a division, the President declared that Mr.
Hunter's motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. PEARCE. I would merely suggest to the
Senator from Virginia, that the object is notwhat
he supposes. The object is simply to have taken
up and referred the bills from the House, which
have been on the table several days.
Mr. HUNTER. There are bills there which
will occupy all day when they come up. The
Texas debt bill is there; and whenever it comes
up, it will take all day.
Mr. RUSK. Those bills will have to be dis-
posed of some time or other. A great many can
be disposed of by reading their titles and referring
them to committees. If there are others which
will consume time, they will have to be disposed
of, and it may just as well be done now as at any
other time.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the motion of the Senator
from Virginia will prevail. Before we adjourn, he
will give time to dispose of those bills. He will
certainly give way to let them be referred in the
evening. The great point is to get up the appro-
priation bill, so that we may make some progress
with it. I am in favor of disposing of those bills
at a reasonable time.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 16; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Brown, Butler,
Chase, Clay, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Fitz-
patrick, Gwin, Hunter, James, Johnson, i®nes of rennes-
spe, Mason, Pratt, Sebastian, Slide!!, Sumner, Toucey,
WeJler, Wells, Wilson, and Wright—26.
NAYS—Messis. Cadger, Bell, Bright, Clayton, Fessen-
den, Foot, Geyer, Gillette, Hamlin, Houston, Jones of
Iowa, Mallory,Morton, Pearce, Rusk, Thompson of Ken-
tucky, and Wade—16.
So the motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, accordingly, as in Committee of
the Whole, proceeded to consider the bill from the
House of Representatives, making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the In-
dian Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes, tor the year end-
ing June 30, 1856. It had been reported from the
Committee on Finance, with amendments, the
first of which was so to amend the following item:
" For the pay of the several Indian Bub-agents, per act of
31bt July, 18*4, $15,382 "J9"—
as to make it read:
For the pay of the several Indian sub agents, per act of
3l*t July, 1654, and for arrearages of pay to one in ihe
State of New York, one at Green Bay, Wisconsin, one for
tho Semmoles west of Arkansas, and on* for ihe Indian
tribes in U ah, §15,382 79; and the Secretary of the Inte-
rior is auihouzed, hereafter to employ one sub-agent for
Ihe Indians in the State of New York, one for tho^c at
Green Ray, Wisconsin, one for the Seminoles west of
Arkansas, and one for the tribes in ihe Territory of Utah,
at the raie of §750 per annum each.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Before lhat amendment
of the committee is voted on, I may as well offer,
as an amendment to it, the substance of a provis-
ion which the Committee oil Indian Affairs in-
structed me to offer as a separate amendment. My
object will be accomplished by striking out the
word "sub, "and inserting $1,000 in place of $750,
the salary recommended by the Committee on
Finance. The object of this is simply to conform
to a provision of'law which now exists, under
which there are no sub-agents, and to make these
subordinate officers second-class agents. I pro-
pose, therefore, as, since the act of 1854 there are
no sub-agents at all, to strike out the word "sub"
where it occurs. The other amendment is to
raise the salary from $750 to $1,000. The De-
partment has recommended this; and the result
of the experience which they have on this subject
is, that it is impossible, for so email a salary as
the Committee on Finance provide for, to obtain
a person of sufficient competence to fill these sit-
uations, which are frequently of vast importance.
We deem it nothing more than fair that the salary
of $750 should be raised to that of a second-class
agent, at this time, $1,000. Those are the only
differences between the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs and that of the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to striking
out the word "sub" so as to make it conform to
the system which has been introduced; but I do
not see the necessity for raising the salaries. The
salary of $750 was put in on an estimate from the
Department. The only reason for an increase
must arise from the factof changing thesub-agent
to agent. The Committee on Finance were in-
formed that the service could be obtained for this
amount of money.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I probably was in error
when I slated that the Department had estimated
for the salary of this office at $1,000. I take it for
granted that the chairman of the Committee on
Finance is right, when he says that the estimates
are for a salary of $750. But from frequent con-
ferences with the head of the Department, and the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, I am satisfied that
a salary of $1,000 is not more than sufficient to
command that order of ability which ought to be
required of a man to fill the office of second-class
Indian agent. I think experience (without advert-
ing to particulars) is sufficientto admonish us that
the kind of ability which is necessary to discharge
the duties of these offices, cannot be obtained for
the salaries now provided by law.
The PRESIDENT. The word " sub" occurs
in two places in this clause. Does the Chair un-
derstand the Senator from Arkansas to move to
strike it out in each case?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Yes, sir.
The moiion to strike out was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The second amendment
of the Senator from Arkansas is to increase the
salary from $750 to $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to, and the amend-
ment of the Committee on Finance, as thus
amended, was adopted.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to insert:
For defraying expenses incurred in negotiating treaty
concluded on the 30111 September, 1854, Willi the Cliippe-
waa of Lake Superior, $15,744 71.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. There are various verbal
amendments reported by the Committee on Pi-
nance, which are printed with the bill. 'One of
them is to strike out" 4th article" and insert "3d
article" in the description of a treaty. It is not
necessary to act separately on them; I ask, there-
fore, that the question be taken generally on the
verbal amendments reported by the committee,
which are printed with the bill.
There being no objection, the amendments were
adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to offer this amendment, to
come in before the appropriation for the Chippe-
was:
Cherokee*.—Forthe payment of this sum, due the Cher-
okees on account of interest between the 1st of May. 1845,
and the 1st of May, 1846, on stocks of the Slate ot Mietii-
gan, held in trust by the Secretary of the Interior, under the
treaty of 1835, and the supplement of March, 1836, $20 97.
This is according to estimate. It is merely to
correct an error in the balance of an account.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I offer from the same com-
mittee the following amendment, to come in at the
close of the appropriation for the " Sioux of the
Mississippi:"
For expenses of transportation of annuities, goods, and
provisions to the Sioux of the Mississippi, during the fiscal
years ending the 30th of June, 1855, and the SOih of June,
185G, $32,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Finance to offer this amendment, to
come in at the end of the bill:
For actual necessary expenses incurred, or that may here-
after be incurred, by officers of the Indian department in
the rescue i<f prisoners from Indian tribes and returning
them to their homes, and for expenses incident to the nrrest
and confinement within tiie Territory of ihe United States,
by order of those officers, of persons charged with crimes
againbt the Indians, §'5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I am now through with the
amendments of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I havea numberofamend-
ments to offer from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs. The first is to insert the following additional
section:
Hf.c . — Jlnd be it further enacted. That section four ot*
the act " malting appropriations for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the year
ending June 30,1855, and for other purposes," approved the
31st of July, 1854, shall not be so consiirupd as to interfere
wiib the act entitled "An act to authoiize the President
of th<* United States to cause to be surveyed the tract of
land in the Territory of Minnesota, belonging to the half-
breeds or mixed bloods of the Dacotah or Sioux Nation of
Indians, anit for other purposes," approved Julyl7,1854:
Provided, That so much of the money appropriated by the
first named act as mav be necessary to carry out the last
named act shall be applicable thereto.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear that
amendment explained.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. At the last session of
Congress there was a section of the Indian ap-
propriation bill, and also a special act relating to
the same subject passed. It was inadvertently
done. Upon examining their provisions, they
were found to be in some respects inconsistent.
This amendment merely reconciles that difficulty,
and retains the appropriation made in the Indian
appropriation bill of last year to carry out the
object for which it was appropriated, but which
object was more specifically described in the spe-
cial bill passed on the same subject. It relates to
the half-breed reservation in Minnesota, makes no
new appropriation, but simply enables the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to execute
the act as it was passed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment of
the Committee on Indian Affairs is to insert the
following additional section:
Sec. —. J3nd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Interior k hereby authorized and required to cause to
be paid to the North Carolina Cherokees, embraced in the
roll of D. W. Siler, or to the legal representatives of such
of them as have died since their enrollment, the sum of
$53 33 respecuvely, for the expenses of their removal and
subsistence, row held in trust by the United State^ accord-
