684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
supposed to be large enough to cover that and
others. Either the one or the other provision
ought to be stricken out.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The only difference is,
that one is a special appropriation for a particular
case, and the other is a general provision, which
I understood to be a prospective one entirely. If
the one referred to by the Senator from Virginia
covers past transactions, I seeno reasons specially
for this amendment, except that this sum is
already audited as the amount of the expenses of
'Mr. Whitfield, for ransoming Mexican boysfrom
the Cheyennes and Apaches.
Mr. HUNTER. The general appropriation
which has been inserted on the recommendation
of the Committee on Finance, will cover it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Then I withdraw the
amendment, and rest on the general provision.
Subsequently, Mr. Sebastian renewed the
amendment, stating that Mr. Hunter had with-
drawn his opposition; and it was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment of
the Committee on Indian Affairs is to insert the
following, as an additional section:
Sec. —. -And be it further enactcd, That the eighth
section of the act, approved the 31st of July. 1854, author-
izing the payment of per capita allowance to Cherokee^,
eas-t of the Mississippi, be so amended as to authorize
the payment of all such Cherokees, as being properly en-
titled, were omitted on the roll of D. W. Silcr, Irom any
cause whatsoever.
Mr. HUNTER, I trust the honorable Sena-
tor from Arkansas will explain this provision.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. This amendment does
not embrace any new appropriation at all. The
sum of $5,000 was appropriated at the last session
of Congress to pay a certain class of Cherokees;
but in the description of the beneficiaries under that
provision, a reference was made to a wrong roll.
The mistake occurred in this way: Reference was
made to the Mallett roll when it should have been
to that of Siler. This is to correct that error, m
order that the money may go to the persons for
whom it was originally intended. It involves no
increase of appropriation at all.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs also authorize me to offer the following
additional section:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Interior be authorized to invest in safe and profitable
stocks, to be designated by the Choctaw nation, and at
their risk, or, at his discretion, to hold in trust, at an inter-
est of live per cent., all such moneys now received or here-
after to accrue from the Choctaw orphan lands in the State
of Mississi ppi, or from the fund appropriated for the redemp-
tion of Choctaw scrip annuities, which may remain on
hand by reason of the death of the parties properly entitled
to claim the same. And that the said Secretary bo author-
ized to pay the annual interest theieon to the Choctaw
nation, for the support and maintenance of such neighbor-
hood or common schools as they may establish among the
Choctaw nation west of Arkansas: Provided, That upon
lawful claim made upon such funds by any party entitled,
the principal of buch amount shall be paid, and the interest
on the same shall cease.
Mr. HUNTER. This is a proposition, as I
understand it, to allow the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to invest these Indian funds in State stocks.
I think we have had some experience on this sub-
ject which should warn us in regard to the dangers
of such an experiment. I do not regard the pro-
vision that it shall be at the risk of the Choctaws
as being worth anything; because if the money
should be invested in State stocks, and those stocks
should turn out to be worthless, or worth less
than par, this Government would be held bound,
as guardian, to make it good. Such has been the
history of the past; such will be our own experi-
ence in the future, if we attempt to renew that
policy, which I had hoped was exploded. I think
we cannot commence a more dangerous system
than that of beginning in this way to invest the
money of the Indians, or of the Government, in
State stocks; because if we once commence, it
will go on, and there will be propositions to invest
not only this, but othermoney of the Government
in these stocks. I hope the Senate will vote down
the amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Mr. President, I do not
think that the Senator from Virginia comprehends
the full extent of all the provisions of this amend-
ment. In the first place, the amount is very small,
and the amendment does not embrace the general
proposition of investing all Indian moneys or trust
funds in State stocks. I am aware that proposi-
tion has never received much countenance in the
Senate heretofore. The reason why I have brought
forward this proposition is, that it has been urged
most earnestly by the Choctaw delegation now in
this city, who pressed upon the consideration of
the Committee on Indian Affairs the necessity of
making available what, to them, is now a useless
fund, and of appropriating its proceeds to what
every one must admit is a laudable and praise-
worthy enterprise.
There are now about $70,000 of what is called
the Choctaw orphan fund, and $120,000 of the
Choctaw annuity fund. These amounts have been
appropriated heretofore,andsentoutto the agent of
the Choctaws for the purpose of being disbursed,
and having remained there a sufficient length of
time they have become lapsed for the want of
proper persons to claim them. It is a fact, familiar
to all persons who are acquainted with the history
of the emigrant tribes, that, in many instances,
whole families have become extinct; so that what-
ever rights belonged to the family have become
lapsed for the want of some surviving relative.
The amount of these two funds of the Choctaws
is now nearly $200,000, and the proposition is to
allow the Secretary of the Interior, with their as-
sent, to invest the sum in safe stocks, or else hold
it in the Treasury at an interest of five per cent,
in trust for them, to be devoted to the object which
is specified.
The Choctaws, it is well known, occupy the
foremost rank among the civilized nations of In-
dians, and they have been struggling against a
great many difficulties for years in establishing a
system of common schools. They have seized
upon what seems to be a favorable opportunity of
carrying out the very laudable and noble object
which they have had so much at heart. It is to
make an idle and unproductive fund yield a small
! interest, which they wish to devote to the main-
tenance of common schools.
The amendment further provides for reclama-
tions on this fund hereafter, ao that if persons
come forward who prove that they are properly
entitled to a share of the fund, the Secretary of
the Interior can immediately appropriate so much
of the principal as will satisfy that outstanding
claim, and of course the payment of interest to
that amount ceases. The extent of this proposi-
tion applies only to this special case, which arises
in consequence of the urgent entreaties of the
delegates of the Choctaw nation, and cannot be
carried beyond the precise case to which it is
applied. I differ with the Senator from Virginia,
who supposes that the consent of the trustee in
this case will not discharge all the obligations and
responsibilities of the trust. These are independ-
ent people, and in the management of their own
affairs they evince quite aS much intelligence and
regard for their own interests as we do in the
management of ours. They are educated, intelli-
gent, and civilized gentlemen, and would discuss
a financial question with the best of us, with as
much shrewdness and sagacity as any person.
This, therefore, is not an attempt to overreach a
dependent and ignorant people, but a very gracious
condescension on our part in yielding to the im-
portunities of these persons to enable them to
carry out a worthy and laudable purpose.
This explanation, it appears to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, will strip this proposition of all those fea-
tures which seem to alarm and excite the appre-
hensions of the Senator from Virginia. I, no
more than he, propose to embark the Secretary
of the Interior in the investment in all kinds of
fancy stocks, in all kinds of reckless schemes of
moneys which we hold in trust for persons who
are dependent on us for the fidelity with which
they are administered. This requires the consent
of an intelligent and sagacious people. My own
interpretation is, that the proposition will first have
to go from the Secretary of the Interior, and be
ratified by the Choctaw council, before the invest-
ment can be made; but if, after all, the Secretary
of the Interior thinks this would be an unwise
investment of their money, he may, at his discre-
tion, hold it in trust in the Treasury of the United
States, and pay them the interest annually at five
per cent.
Mr. ADAMS. I do not know thatl understand
precisely the amendment which has been presented
by the Senator from Arkansas. I wish to inquire
of that Senator if it extends any further than to
that portion of the Choctaw funds, owners for
which cannot be found?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will answer the Senator
from Mississippi, and I am glad he has made the
inquiry, for I know how much interest he takes
in the welfare of this particular tribe. It extends '
no further than the residuum which is left in the
hands of the United States agent unclaimed, in
consequence of no person being found entitled
Mr. ADAMS. Then, sir, I suppose, there being
no claimant, the Choctaw nation would be better
entitled to it than any person. As has been shown
by the Senator from Arkansas himself, they are
quite as competent to receive that fund and loan
it out, or invest it, as this Government through
the Secretary of the Interior or any of its agents.
In the treaty with the Choctaw Indians, certain
portions of land were reserved to the then orphans
of that nation. They have long since been of
age. There is an accumulating fund still to be
derived from that source. It is their individual
property as much so as any property that you,
sir, may hold in your own right. This Govern-
ment has no authority to make any disposition of
it, except according to the direction of the partic-
ular Indian entitled to the proceeds of his land.
If, however, there are cases, as I now learn for the
first time, where the parties have died, or if res-
ervations have been given to orphans who had no
existence, the money properly belongs to the
Choctaw nation, and I should cheerfully vote for
a proposition to authorize the proper officers to
pay over the money to the nation, to be disposed
of as they think proper. I concur with the Sen-
ator from Virginia, that the investing of this fund,
or any other trust fund held by this Government,
in State stocks, can never receive my sanction. If
it were invested in United States stock it would be
a little safer; but these men are just as competent
to make their own investments, and dispose of
their own funds, as we are to do it for them.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, this fund
belongs either to the Choctaw people or to those
individuals who have not appeared to claim their
rights. If it belongs to the Choctaw people, it
ought to be paid to them, as the Senator from
Mississippi proposes. If it does not belong to
them, but is to be held in order to meet the possi-
ble demands of those for whom it was originally
intended, but who have not yet appeared, then it
seems to me it ought to be held in the Treasury
of the United States, for we are not liable for in-
terest until they do appear. We have been ready
to pay, and we ought not to allow interest until
they do appear. We must take either the one
view or the other. If the money belongs to the
nation, let us pay it to the Choctaw nation, and
have no more to do with it. If it belongs to indi-
viduals, let us keep it in the Treasury until they
appear to claim it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have a further amend-
ment to present from the Committee on Indian
Affairs:
Sec. —. Jnd be ft further enacted, That to enable the
President of the United States to carry out, in good faith,
the reccnt treaties with the Ottoes and Missourias, the Om-
ahas, Delawares, Sacs and Foxes of Missouri, the Kicka-
poos, and the united tribes of the Kaskaskias and Peorias,
Piankeshaws and Weas, Shawnees and Miamis, there
shall be, and hereby is, appropriated the sum of $20,000,
in addition to the appropriations heretofore made, for the
execution of the surveys required by said treaties. And
where the nett proceeds of the lands ceded by either of the
said tribes, are required to be paid over to the Indians, the
President shall cause said lands to be classified and valued;
and when such classification and valuation have been made
to lus satisfaction, lie shall cause said lands to be offered
at pu'ihc sale, by legal subdivisions or town lots, at such
times and places, and in such manner and quantity, as to
linn shall appear proper and necessary to carry out faith-
fully the stipulations in said treaties ; and said lands shall
not be sold at public or private sale for a less price than
that fixed by the valuation aforesaid, until otherwise di-
rected by law.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment offered by my colleague, by adding the fal-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That the President may order a new treaty to
be made with the Delawares, Iowas, Weas, Peorias, Kas-
kaskias, and Piankeshaws, or such of them as lie may
deem it necessary.
This is to enable him to reach the difficulties
which are now existing, in the event that it shall
be necessary to reach them in that way.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. In reference to the appro-
priation of $30,000 contained in the amendment
which I submitted, I have merely to remark that
i it is an estimate emanating from the appropriate
