686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
I have no doubt that if this policy be carried
out, it is the only practical remedy of reclaiming
the Indians. Those who have been carried down
totheTejon reserve have performed, during the
past year, an immense amount of labor. I believe
they have dug eleven miles of ditches. The ditches
were five feet wide and six feet deep, and the
whole of that labor was performed by the Indians,
the greater proportion of them wild Indians. They
also cultivated some fifteen hundred acres of land;
and every foot of the ground was plowed by the
native Indian boys. There are now, perhaps,
some twelve or fifteen hundred of them on that
reservation. On another reservation, recently
made by Colonel Henley, the present superin-
tendent of Indian affairs, there are now some ten
or twelve hundred Indians. Those wild Indian
boys are engaged in cultivating the soil, and all
the labor is performed by Indians. I doubt not
if this policy be persisted in, if it receives the pa-
tronizing care of the Government for two years
to come, they will be able to extract labor enough
from the Indians to support themselves, without
being a drain on the charity of the Government.
Mr. GrWIN. Mr. President, the original law
contemplated the establishment of five reserva-
tions; and although the power was given to locate
the Indians in the Territories of New Mexico and
Utah, bordering on California, if better locations
could be got there, it was intended for the Indians
in California, and to be under the superintendence
of the superintendent of Indian affairs for Cali-
fornia. The object was to provide a place for
those Indians. It was a new policy, and my col-
league and myself did not at the time understand
how it would work. At the last session he offered
an amendment to the original law, which he has
stated to the Senate.
Now, I understand from those who have charge
of the subject, that they have great faith that the
system will work well; and they do not want
more than four reservations in California. The
other one, which is authorized by this amendment,
is proposed to be established immediately across
the Sierra Nevada mountains, within two days'
travel of twelve thousand or fifteen thousand In-
dians, where there are no white people, in a beau-
tiful valley on Walker's river, surrounded by
mountains, where they will never be interrupted.
This system is working well. Instead of having
Indian wars as heretofore, we have peace and
quiet, and let them obtain this, as my colleague
has said, in a year or two the whole of the Indians
of California will be able to supply their own
wants, without any expense to the Government,
by the products of their reservations. It is an im-
portant policy, and I believe its working will be !
eminently successful. This amendment is merely
to restore the original law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have one more amend-
ment to offer from the Committee on Indian
Affairs. It is to insert:
For the completion of the collection of the sixth and last
volume of the statistics and oilier information of Indian
tribes, autlioiizedby lhe act of 3d March, 1847, and
quent acta, the sum of $20,000: Provided, That said vol-
ume shall be su condensed aa to embrace all the material
mow, or to be, collected, and not inferior in any re&pect to
the preceding volumes, and to be completed within two
years from the passage of this act.
Mr. HUNTER. We once imposed a limita-
tion on this work, and we are now departing from
it. It seems to me that it is time we put an end
to this book-making business. It is a matter
with which the Government ought not to inter-
fere.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I think this is the last
volume. I drew the amendment with special ref-
erence to make it the last, because it provides for
stopping the collection of materials for making
such books. Whether this scheme of collecting
Indian statistics, which, I think, is a very good
idea in the abstract, was right or wrong originally,
suffice it to say that, under the appropriation
originally made, a vast amount of materials has
been collected. Of one thing I am certain, that
there is very interesting material now on hand in
relation to the Indians in Utah and that neigh-
borhood, supposed by some to be the descendants
of the Aztec race, which will form the contents of
the last volume. I have provided in the amend-
ment that the collection shall stop, and all mate-
rials on hand shall be used up; and for that pur-
pose to give the compiler two years instead of
one. I think much damage to the value and rep-
utation of this book has resulted in consequence
of the great expedition with which Congress have
required it to be done, making it an annual volume,
something like the documentary reports from the
Departments, thus rendering it utterly impossible
that it could be condensed, and that which was
valuable separated from that which was of no value
at all. The consequence is, that these volumes
heretofore have not attained the excellence of
whiA the subject admitted, and which, I have no
doubt, considering the abilities of the gentleman
who has had the book in charge, would have been
the case if more time had been allowed. I pro-
pose, therefore, to make a final administration
upon the whole affair, with one more volume, by
stopping the collection of statistics, and that is the
only way that an efficient stop can be put to it. I
trust the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator whether this volume has been commenced.
I think it is time to stop it; but if the work has
been commenced it may be as well to finish it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The duty of compilation,
the labor which the author performs, has not been
commenced; but expenses have been incurred for
that purpose, and materials have been collected,
enough to make one or two more volumes. The
object is to condense them so as to put all in one
volume. I am informed by the author, that it can
be done by allowing sufficient time; and the com-
mittee, therefore, have reported in favor of extend-
ing the time to two years instead of one year, in
order that we may get rid of a great deal of the
trash which is a disgrace to some of our public
compilations.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. This bill contains a provis-
ion:
For defraying the expenses of the removal and subsist-
ence of Indians in Cahiorrna to three tnihtury rosei vat ions,
in accordance with the plan submitted by the superintend-
ent of Indian aflaus of that State, ana approved by the
President, $U5,000.
I move to amend this clause by adding to it the
following proviso:
Provided, That the superintendent of Indian affairs in
that State be authorized, should he deem it expedient, to
expend an amount not exceeding $20,000 of the Mim herein
appropriated to relieve the temporary wants of lhe Indians
outride of lhe reservations.
It will be seen that the appropriation which has
been made of $125,000, is for the removal and
subsistence of the Indians on the reservations.
Very frequently the Indians in a distant port of
the State, without any knowledge of the character
of the 1 enervations, are unwilling to remove to
thfiri, though they are ma starving condition. If
the superintendent of Indian affairs were author-
ized to expend any portion of the money in re-
lieving their temporary wants, we could very soon
obtain their consent to their removal to the reser-
vations. All that ( propose is, that a part of this
appropriation shall be used, if the superintendent
deems it proper, in relieving their temporary wants
previous to removal.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there not danger that this
will defeat the object? If the Indians can get pro-
visions without work, is it to be supposed they
will go on the reservations ?
Mr. WELLER. The surest way to get the
Indians to remove is to relieve their temporary
wants, show them that the Government has abil-
ity to provide for their wants. Let the superin-
tendent tell them, " I can no longer feed you here,
but if you will go down to the reservation, and
perform laborthere, you shall have the necessaries
of life." It is only necessary to obtain the confi-
dence of the Indians, and then the superintendent
will be enabled to get them to go to the reserva-
tions.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I offer the following as an addi-
tional section:
Sec. —. Jlnd be if further enacted, That the President be,
and he m hereby, authorized to appoint a commissioner,
under the limitations now provided by law. to take evidence
of, invesiigate, and ascertain, tho nature and amount of all
claims arising in the S'ate of California against the United
States for services rendered or supplies furnished for the
use of the Indians in that State, under the order, appoint-
ment, or contract of any superintendent, Indian a<*eut, or
commissioner; and the fame, with a detailed statement of
the names of the claimant*, the amount claimed, and tho
facts and considerations of the claims, accompanied with
a classification^ far as practicable, of the bona fide and
fraudulent claims, to report to the next Congress of the frui-
ted States, for their action thereon ; and for tins-purpose
there be, and is hereby, appropriated, the sura of $10,000 :
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be construed
as a recognition of the validity of such claims by or against
the Government of the United States.
This amendment was brought before the Com*
mittee on Indian Affairs, but on account of a dif-
ference of opinion among the members of that
committee, was not proposed by them. I under-
take to say, that no better appropriation of money
can be made than to have a thorough examin-
ation of these claims. "We are now compelled to
act in the dark upon them. They will all be pre-
sented here; and while the witnesses are in exist-
ence, who charge that there were frauds in these
contracts and money transactions with the In-
dians of California, we ought to have the testi-
mony collected and put upon record. My object
is to have an agent sent there, to collect the testi-
mony and putit on record, and have all those par-
ties who are charged with committing frauds ex-
amined. Let us have no ex parte testimony such
as we have had heretofore brought before Con-
gress. It is certain that these claims must be
examined, and paid or rejected by Congress. My
colleague and myself have had, I suppose, hun-
dreds of them sent to us, expecting us to present
them at this session of Congress. My object is to
ascertain the exact facts in connection with all of
them, and have them reported to Congress for
their action.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that this
amendment is not in order. There is no estimate
for it, and no report of a committee in its favor.
1 feel constrained to raise the question, because,
if we depart from the rule in this instance, there
is no telling where it will lead us.
Mr. GWIN". I hope the Senator will not raise
the point of order on this, the most meritorious
amendment which has been proposed to the bill.
To avoid his objection I will strike out the appro-
priation ard leave the section providing for the
bare appointment of a commissioner. I look upon
it as indispensable to protect the public Treasury.
I call on the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs [Mr. Sebastian] to say if he has not had
a number of claims before him, involving hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars, on which he could
not act for want of this testimony.
Mr. HUNTER. I raise thequestion of order;
but I am told by the Senator that he has with-
drawn that part of the amendment making an
appropriation, but it will lead to the same thing
in the end. I must confess I am doubtful in re-
gard to the establishment of this commission. It
seems to me that the Indian department is author- ■
ized now to have this question investigated by its
agents, and I do not see, therefore, the necessity
for establishing this commission.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I understand that the Sen-
ator from California now offers the amendment
without containing any appropriation. If that be
the case, the rule is clear that it is in order. The
Senator from Virginia, however, suggests that it
may lead to the same thing in the end. That may
be so; but, so far as technical propriety is con-
cerned, it makes the amendment in order. It is
true, as stated by the Senator from California,
that this amendment was the subject of discussion
before the Committee on Indian Affairs. It does
not become me to say what differences of opinion
there were there; but what I myself think about
it, I will proceed to state.
It will be remembered, Mr. President, that, in
1851, the Administration saw proper to send out
some Indian agents to California, for the purpose
of pacifying the country, and negotiating Indian
treatits; and that, in the exercise of this power,
some nineteen treaties were made, which com-
mitted this Government to the payment of about
£800,000; those treaties were executed instanter,
before their presentation to the Senate; contracts
were made, and provisions, in large quantities,
were furnished to the Indians, or, at least, they
were so said to be. In the execution of those
contracts, I have no doubt that stupendous frauds
were perpetrated. The claims which arose in
consequence of those treaties, which were never
ratified by the Senate, have been presented from
session to session, and referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, who have invariably leported
them back, in consequence of the general suspicion
that attached to this whole class of claims.
