AQO
voo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12*
I have seen no reason for excepting these claims
out of the general rules which govern our action
in reference to all claimants, that they shall send
up their claims here with such testimony as they
think proper, to have them investigated. I did
not think it right in committee, and I do not think
it right here, to send out a commission to Califor-
nia to investigate this particular class of claims
I have heard no good reason urged from any
quarter why it should be done, that satisfies my
mind.
This is to be an expensive commission, involv-
ing us perhaps in $100,000 of expense, and pos-
sibly more; for you have not only to pay the
commission, but you must pay its whole expen-
ses, and I do not see where it is to end. If the
object be to take testimony in favor of the Gov-
ernment, why not authorize some of the judges
%>r officers in that State, to whom you are paying
salaries now, to take testimony in your behalf ?
To-day we have passed a bill establishing a new
court there. We have two district judges, one
circuit judge, a district attorney, a land commis-
sion, and I know not what other officers in the pay
of the Government, and it seems to me that if we
want testimony on behalf of the Government, some
of those officers might be required to take it. As
for sending out a separate commission to take tes-
timony in reference to this class of claims, I really
have not seen the necessity for it. Withoutgoing
into any discussion of it, I simply indicate that I
did not give my assent to it as a member of the
committee, and do not assent to it here.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 13, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Dawson, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Douglas, Fitzpatrick, Gwin, Houston, Johnson, Pratt,
Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, and Weller—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Badger, Brainerd,Brown,
Chase, Clay, Clayton, Evans, Foot, Geyer, Gillette, Hun-
ter, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mason,
Pearee, Pettit, Stuart, Sumner, Wade, Wells, Wilson,
and Wright—35.
Mr. JOHNSON. An amendment was adopted
some time since, on the motion of my colleague,
in regard to the compilation of statistics and in-
formation of the Indian tribes. After reflecting
upon the subject, and conversing with him in
regard to it, I propose to offer this proviso to that
amendment:
•And provided further. That the said volume shall be
subject, before publication, to revision by the Secretary of
the Interior, with a view to the curtailment in the work of
all matters useless, irrelevant, or inconsistent with the
objects of the work.
I think the work has been broken down here-
tofore by the collection of a mass of matter which
is of little or no use for any practical purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
Btate that, as that amendment has been adopted,
it will now require unanimous consent to offer
this provision as a proviso to it. If there be no
objection, this amendment of the Senator from
Arkansas will be received.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose there will be no
objection to it, for from what I gather, it is the
general sense of the Senate that this ought to be
done. It is now provided by the amendment to
which I have alluded, which was adopted on the
motion of my colleague, that we shall hare no
more of these publications after the statistics now
collected shall be embodied and published in a
volume. My object is to prevent, in this last vol-
ume, the publication of a vast mass of matter use-
less and irrelevant to the original objects contem-
plated by the act which authorized the publication
of these volumes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the question will be taken
on the proviso offered as an amendment by the
Senator from Arkansas.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have an amendment to offer
from the Committee on Military Affairs, as an
additional section:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury be, and they are hereby,
authorized to allow the paymasters of the United States
Army, who served as such in Mexico during the war with
that Republic, commissions of one and a half per centum on
all moneys collected or received and paid over by them
imo the Treasury of the United States, arising from duties
on imports, and fiom internal assessments and taxes in
Mexico during that war: Provided, That no commission
shall be allowed on any such sums of money so collected or
received, on which commissions have heretofore been
allowed to any other collector, or receiver, or other officer
of the United. States.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask if that is in order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
The Chair is inclined to think not, from hearing
the amendment reftd.
Mr. SHIELDS, It is reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HUNTER. It is a private claim.
Mr. SHIELDS. I think not.
Mr. GWIN. There was never a more merito-
rious claim, but I do not know how it gets on this
bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. It is not a private claim; it is*
a general provision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
speaks from general recollection of the rule, that
the only modification which was made in it, in its
general exclusion of private claims, was in respect
to such claims as had been provided for by law.
Mr. SHIELDS. The amendment which I have
offered is a general provision applying to the pay-
masters of the Army. It is true it will only cover
two or three cases, but they are cases which have
been omitted in former legislation, and they stand
precisely on the same principle as the cases already
determined and settled in the Department. It em-
braces the case of a most meritorious officer now
dead, Colonel Randall; the case of Colonel Steuart,
of the Army, and I think, perhaps, another, but I
have made the provision general.
Mr. HUNTER. Surely this covers a private
claim; and at any rate, this bill, the Indian appro-
priation bill, is no place for it. It belongs to the
rrtilitary, if to any general appropriation bill. If
we commence with this system, there is no telling
where it will end. This proposition ought to be
voted down for incongruity, if there were no ob-
jection on the point of order; but it seems to me
the point of oraer is clear.
Mr. SHIELDS. The proper place for this
provision would have been the military appropri-
ation bill, but by some oversight I neglected to
move the amendment at that time. Having got
into a conflict here in regard to an increase of the
Army, this amendment somehow escaped my
attention. I feel it to be my duty to present it,
because it embraces three of perhaps the most
meritorious cases in the Army. All the others
have been provided for, so far as I can understand,
and I feel it to be my duty to bring this forwarS
on the first favorable opportunity.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I wish to ask my hon-
orable friend if he was instructed by the commit-
tee to present this amendment ? I was not present
when the Committee on Military Affairs concurred
in it, and 1 wish to ask if he was instructed by
that committee to offer it as an amendment to this
bill?
Mr. SHIELDS. Not to this bill.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Is it in order then?
Mr. HUNTER. It is clearly out of or^er, it
seems to me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is not in order, but if desired, he will
submit the question to the Senate.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope, under the circum-
stances, there will be no objection. The Commit-
tee on Military Affairs authorized me to report it;
I did report it as a separate bill, and the commit-
tee expected that I would offer it as an amendment
to the military appropriation bill. I stated that by
some oversight it was not then offered, and I feel
it my duty to make up for my own lashes, so far
as 1 can do so, by offering it to this bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask for the decision of the
Chair on the point of order which I have raised.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. PRATT. I should be glad to hear from
the Chair on what ground it is out of order?
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Maryland that he decides
the amendment to be out of order, on the ground
that it provides for a private claim, and the rule
only admits such claims as have hitherto been
provided for by law.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will ask the Chair if a bill
providing for the paymasters of the United States
Army generally is a private claim ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks not; but the Senator will see, by referring
to this amendment, that it provides for such of the
pay-masters as served in the Army during the
war with Mexico, and is to pay them extra pay
for particular service; but the Chair will beg,
again, to state to the Senate, that if theSenator,
desires it he will be very glad to submit the'-
question to the decision of the Senate.
Mr. SHIELDS. According to this decision,'
the bounty land bill would be a private bill be-
cause it provides extra reward to those who sefved
in the Army during war. '
Mr. PRATT. If the honorable chairmari of
the Coniimittee on Military Affairs Was not author-"
ized to offer this amendment by that committee, *
it is one question; but that it is not a private claim
I think I can convince the Chair, as well as every
member of the Senate who will please to listen to "
me. It is useless, however, to argue that, pro-
vided the other objection is in our way. If the
honorable Senator has not been authorized by the
committee to offer the amendment, however it
may not be obnoxious to the other objection, it is
still not permissible to press it; but if the only
objection be that interposed by the Chait, I re-
spectfully ask 
Mr. HUNTER. Both objections are raised.
Mr. PRATT. I do not so understand the
Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator from Illinois to say, that
he was authorized to offer this amendment to the
Army appropriation bill, but that he had no au-
thority from the committee to offet it to this bill.
Mr. PRATT. But the Chair did not decide it-
on that ground.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair did
not think it necessary to take that ground into con-'
sideration. The Chair decided it on the other
point; but he will state the whole question to the
Senate, and let the Senate decide it.
Mr. PRATT. There are two objections then
involved: first as to the authority of the honorable
Senator from Illinois to offer this as an amend-
ment to the present bill. He now says that the
Committee on Military Affairs authorized him to
report this bill, and to offer it as an amendment to
the Army appropriation bill; but that owing to the
press of business, while that bill was under tha
consideration of the Senate, he omitted to comply
with the directions of the committee of which he
is chairman. It is, however,a measure sanctioned
by one of the standing committees of the body.
Now, your rule is, that no amendment can be
received to a general appropriation bill, unless it
comes from a standing committee. I apprehend
that it is not necessary to obtain the sanction of a
committee, or the direction of a committee that it
shall be offered to this appropriation bill, or to
that appropriation bill; but the rule is complied
with, according to reason and common sense, if
you have the direction of a committee to move the
amendment to an appropriation bill; and it is per-
fectly immaterial whether it is offered to one or
other of those bills. Therefore, it seems to me that
the honorable chairman of theCommittee on Mili-
tary Affairs having omitted, by mistake,, to offer
the amendment to the Army appropriation bill,
was, by the sanction of the measure itself by his-
committee, and by their direction to offer it as an
amendment to an appropriation bill, authorized to
present it as an amendment to this bill.
Now, I come to the consideration of the next
question, whether this is to be considered as a.
private claim. The Chair decides that it is a pri-
vate claim, because it directs payment to such of
the paymasters as served in Mexico, and collected
monev in Mexico, and in regard to which money
no other agent of the Government has received
any compensation or commission. The decision
is, that it is a private claim, because, although itis
general and applies to all that class of officers m the
Army, yet, it is confined to such as served ins
Mexico, and received money in Mexico.
Mr. SHIELDS. With the permission of the-
honorable Senator, I will state that 1 am now-
authorized by a majority of the Committee on-
Military Affairs to move the amendment to this
bill.
Mr. PRATT. That relates to the first ques-
tion. I am now asking whether this is a private
claim, and is obnoxious to the other objection
made by the Senator from Virginia. I says Mr.
President, that it cannot be properly considerei
as a private claim, because it is to apply to all the
officers of this class attached to the Army; and
although the amendment says that the officers of
that class who have collected money in a partieu-«
larpart of the country, or out of the United States,-
