THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1855.
New Series....No. 44.
are to receive the compensation, it does not make
that a private claim which, by the very terms of
the amendment itself, is to apply to the whole
class. It is not within the knowledge of any Sen-
ator except, perhaps, the members of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs—certainly itis not within
mine—to whom it applies. It may be, for aught I
know, that almost all officers of the Army con-
nected with the revenue department of it—all the
paymasters—were in Mexico. I believe that
almost every regiment was there. The greater
portion, at any rate, of that class of officers were
with the Army in Mexico. The amendment,
therefore, will apply to almost every one of the
paymasters of the Army.
The reason why the number to whom it applies
is reduced to the few stated by the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
is, that we have heretofore provided for several
individual cases. I recollect that the honorable
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] had some
two or three cases, identical with those whom the
amendment will provide for, who were paid separ-
ately by private bills introduced for their individ-
ual benefit. But here comes a general provision
to apply not to A or B, but to all the paymasters
of the Army who have discharged a particular
duty; and we might as well say that a.law which
is to apply to a whole class would become a pri-
vate law if it provided that when that class had
discharged a particular service, they should re-
ceive an additional sum of money, as to say that
this is a private claim.
For these reasons, I think that the authority
which the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs has received from his committee to offer
the amendment, relieves the case from one of the
objections which have been urged; and that sound
reason and common sense relieve it, clearly in the
judgment of the Senate, from the other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
take the sense of the Senate upon the admissa-
bility of the amendment in this form: " Shall the
amendment be received?"
It appeared, on a division, that there was not a
quorum voting.
Mr. PRATT. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the question, and hope they will be granted.
There are certain Senators here, who, from their
position, or otherwise, offer amendments and get
them through; no objection is made to them.
Other Senators offer amendments of precisely a
similar character, which are admitted by Senators
who vote against them, to be meritorious and
right; and yet, because of some technical ground,
seen only by themselves, they are objected to.
Now, sir, we stand here representing the States
of this Union; we are on terms of equality. There
is no man who does not know that this is a right
claim to be paid by the Government of the United
States. Those who object to the amendment,
say that if it had been offered to the Army ap-
propriation bill it would have been all right.
They say it is a private claim. The question to
be propounded to the Senate is, is this, in the i
opinion of the Senate, a private claim ? I ask, \
that the question be so stated. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS. I happen not to be in the cate-
gory alluded to by the Senator from Maryland; I
offer no amendments. I can see no propriety,
however, in this body adopting rules for its gov-
ernment, and departing from them whenever a
meritorious case arises. If so, we ouehtto change !
our rules. If we have rules, and profess to be J
governed by them, let us follow them. But the \
honorable Senator from Maryland insists that this !
is not a private claim because there are several '
persons interested in it. !
Mr. PRAT l". I did not say so. I am sure ]
my honorable friend does not mean to misrepre-
sent me.
Mr. ADAMS. Certainly not.
Mr. PRATT. I said that no law, which could
be applicable to the whole Army of the United
States, or to a whole class of the Army of the
44
United States, could—because it was to pay them
for a service rendered by the whole of that class-
be a private claim; and I still say so.
Mr. ADAMS. Upon that point I respectfully
differ from the honorable Senator. I understand
that a claim is a private claim, or a public claim,
accoiding to the circumstances connected with it.
If there are laws in existence by which the Gov-
ernment becomes liable for certain services, then
this rule does not apply to a case arising under
them; but if individuals—and the number makes
no difference—perform services, supposed to be
meritorious, but compensation for which is not
authorized by any existing law, and come forward
to the Congress of the United States asking com-
pensation as individuals, although you may em-
brace a class to cover them, it is still a private
claim. 1 apprehend it will be utterly impossible
to draw a distinction between this claim and any
other class of claims that may come up for private
individuals separate and alone.
If I understand the merits of this claim, certain
duties were imposed on certain officers during the
war, m collecting revenue under military rule.
They were not imposed on them by the particular
duties of their office. They received no compen-
sation for the collection. There was no law in
force authorizing payment for this extraordinary
service. Now, A, B, and C, as individuals, come
here and ask payment for it. To be sure, you
say, a class of them will be embraced by the
amendment but you might as well, if we had a
solitary one of the class, use the term; he would
come in under it. They rendered this service, and
they come forward and ask the Government to
make them compensation. Is that not a private
claim? Was there any law in existence at the
time when the service was rendered, or is there
any now, creating any liability on the part of the
Government to pay this? It is not pretended that
tljere was or is. If so, is it not a private claim,
to all intents and purposes, as much as any other
private claim presented to Congress ? It occurs
to me that it is. I know nothing of the merits of
the case. I only know that officers are exceed-
ingly willing to accept office; they are very willing
to take all the burdens on themselves when they
are asking office; butit is very rarely that you can
settle with them without having some extra com-
pensation to pay to them.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to make a single remark
in corroboration of what has been said by the
Senator from Mississippi. There have been nu-
merous petitions referred to the Committee on
Commerce,of which you, sir, are a member, (Mr.
Stuart in the chair,) and to which yourattention
may have been directed, from different collectors
and other agents of the Government, for disburs-
ing the public moneys, praying that they may be
paid for disbursements not in the ordinary line of
their duty. That committee has unanimously
reported against each application of the kind.
Nov/, there is no distinction in principle between
the cases of civil and military officers. We have
refused to reward civil officers for the performance
of duties beyond the ordinary line of their service;
we have refused to pay them for disbursing
moneys; and now, 1 ask, why should we pay
military officers for the same service? If we agree
to this, we shall be called upon, in virtue of the
precedent, to reward them, and I do not see how
we can refuse to do it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will state that the collectors
and receivers in the Army have already been paid
by provisions precisely similar to this, and those
provisions were offered to similar bills—not to an
Indian appropriation bill, but to a military appro-
priation bill. All have been paid but a few cases
that stand on the same principle. ] do not know
that there are more than two remaining in the
Army who have not been provided for, and this
js to do them that comparative justice which has
been dorie to the othe.s who hive been already
paid.
Mr. DAWSON. The chairman of ihe Com-
mittee on Military Affairs is right on this point.
We are not proposing to pay a private claim.
There was a claim presented to the committee;
and on a review of that claim, we came to the
conclusion that it was just and proper to grant it;
but we were unwilling; to legislate for individuals.
We know that the laws which regulate the Army
and the disbursement of the public money should
be amended; and we propose a general amend-
ment, not to cover a private claim of this or that
individual, but to make a general law to regulate
payment to particular officers of the Army, so
that now and hereafter we shall never be troubled
by the application of the principle to the individual
case. That is the point upon which we stand.
Then it becomes a general proposition, no.t for the
benefit of A, B, or C, but a law to regulate a par-
ticular class of cases, being general, of course,
because it extends to every individual connected
with that class.
We are about winding up one of the last rem-
nants connected with the war with Mexico. The
chairman of the Committee on Finance shakes hia
head, as if he was afraid of something more
coming; but I speak on this branch of the sub-
ject. There are but two individuals whom we
know of, or have heard of, who have any claim
against the Government on this ground. We con-
fine it to the strictest possible terms, so as almost
to do injustice. We say that, wherever the money
has been touched by another individual getting per-
centage, it should not be retouched. But where-
ever it has gone into the coffers of the Govern-
ment, and been paid out to individuals under an
existing law to regulate the compensation, we
should establish a general law by which it should
be done. It will only affect an individual or two,
but we had no idea of legislating specially for one
or two cases, when we could do it by a general
provision. Hence this amendment was drawn up
by the Committee on Military Affairs. It was
supposed that the chairman would offer it to the
Army appropriation bill; but that has not been
done. This winds up the transaction. But little
difficulty can grow up at the Treasury under the
amendment. I hope it will be adopted. In the
Committee on Military Affairs we all concurred in
the justice of the claim, and the propriety of this
particular demand. But we wished to rid our-
selves of the necessity of special legislation, and
so we reported this general provision. It is in-
tended for the good of the country, and not for
the purpose of expediting any individual claim;
but we are limiting the officers who paid out the
money of the Government by law, instead of the
discretion of Congress on the petition of the
claimant.
Mr. RUSK. Congress have passed upon-the
principle involved in this amendment half a dozen
times by admitting and paying for these extra
services. It is not necessary to go into the merits
of the services, for they are palpable. It was the
exercise of an extra duty not imposed by any
military authority, an onerous duty, because it
was the reception and taking care of money in a
country where the means of taking care of money
were not plenty. Congress, in half a dozen
instances, and by just such amendments as that
proposed here, have recognized and paid similar
claims. In this instance, I believe, the officers
themselves not being alive, it is proposed to provide
for the widow of one who is not here to look after
his own interests. I hope the Senate of the United
States, when they have agreed to the same prin-
ciple, and paid men in existence who performed
the services, will not refuse to make the same
allowance to the widow, whose case stands on
precisely the same principle.
Mr. HUNTER. If this be received, why
might we not receive a proposition for codifying
the revenue laws, or anything else ? Would it not
be as germane to an Indian appropriation bill as
this proposition? Surely it would._ It ought to
be refused for want of congruity, if for nothing
else. How are we to know whereto find our laws,
if we assemble such incongruous subjects in one
bill. When we consider that, in order toascertain
what is to regulate the administration of the War
Department, we have to look into an Indian
