690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
appropriation bill, we see at once what are the
mischiefs to which sucha practice would lead. I
believe it has been shown by those gentlemen who
have argued the other side, that this is a private
claim. It does not exist under any law; but you
are asked now to make a law to meet the special
case of individual services, to provide for one or
two people. That is the amount of it. It may
be very good as a private claim. 1 am not dis-
puting it; but I ask that the rules of order may be
enforced. If the Senate should think as I do, that
it is a private claim, we are bound to reject it on
this bill.
The question, shall the amendment be received,
being taken by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 19,
nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell, Benjamin, Brown, Dawson, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Douglas, Foot, Houston, James, Johnson,
Jones of Tennessee, Morton, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian,
Seward, Shields, Wade, and Weller—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Brainerd, Chase, Clay, Evans,
Fxtzpatritik, Gillette, Hunter, Pettit, Shdell, Stuart, Sum-
ner, Toucey, Wells, and Wilson—15.
So the'Senate decided the amendment to be in
erder; and the question was stated to be on
agreeing to it.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 12, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milbxjrn.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Navy Department, trans-
mitted in compliance with the twentieth section of
the act approved August 26, 1842, giving a detailed
statement of the expenditures of the contingent
fund of the Navy Department for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1854; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Governor of Oregon,
containing an account of certain expenduuies
made by him in accordance with existing law«.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that, without
reading, the communication be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
LIMIT OF DEBATE.
Mr. STRATTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That nn and after this day all discussion in
the Committee of the Whole shall be hunted to the bill or
amendment under discussion*
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
Mr. STRATTON. I move to suspend therules,
to enable me to submit the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from New York to accept in lieu of the reso-
lution he proposes to offer, the following:
Resolved, That for the remainder of the prespnt session
all debate in the Committee of the Whole on the Mate ot
the Union shall be tonliiiod btnctly to the question or piop-
osuion under cousideiation, unless during such evening
sessions us a majority oi said committee may order fur the
exclusive purpose of general debate.
Mr. STRATTON. I wiJl accept the gentle-
man's proposition in lieu of mine.
The question was then taken; and two thirds
having voted in the affirmative, the rules were sus-
pended, and the resolution introduced.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 move the pre-
vious question upon the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put.
Mr. McMULLlN. 1 desire to know whether
the question is upon the resolution of the gentle-
man from New Jersey or upon that of the gentle-
man from Tennessee?
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from New Jer-
sey accepted my resolution.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken; and the latter motion
agreed to.
PENSION AND BOUNTY LAND LAWS.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce a resolution
merely for reference to the Committee on Print-
ing. I desire to introduce the following:
' Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of purchasing, for the use of
the Senate and House of Representatives, -— copies of
F. F. C. Tripolett's Digest of the Pension and Bounty
Land Laws, at a price not exceeding dollars per copy.
Mr, Hamilton, Mr, Jones, of Tennessee, and
others, objected.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I move to suspend the
rule9, to admit the resolution.
The question was taken; and two thirds not
voting in favor thereof, the rules were not sus-
pended.
ZACHARIAH LAWRENCE.
Mr. BALL. I have not occupied any portion
of the time of the House during the present ses-
sion, and now if they will give me three minutes it
is the only proposition I will present to the House.
[Cries of " Agreed !" <( Go ahead !"]
Mr. BALL. I ask the unanimous consent oT
the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
Senate bill (No. 148) for the relief of Zachariah
Lawrence, of Ohio. It is a small private bill for
the benefit of an old man—a constituent of mine.
It was objected to some time ago, in a Committee
of the Whole, by the gentleman from Tennessee,
! who afterwards became satisfied of the justice of
i the claim and asked the consent of the committee
i to withdraw his objection, but it was not accorded,
j and we have not reached it upon the Calendar since
| that time. I ask that the House will dischaige the
! Committee of the Whole from the further consid-
' eration of the bill, and that it may be put upon its
; passage.
j The bill was read in extenso. \
It provides for the payment to Zachariah Law-
! rence, of Morgan county,tn the State of Ohio, out
I of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
| appropriated, the sum of $2,645 ^0, his portion of
| the prize money for captunng and taking into the
' port of Passamaquoddy, in 1813, the British sloop
Venture.
The bill was reported to the House by the
Committee of Claims, with the following amend-,
ment:
Add at the end of the bill the following words:
" And there shall be paid to each of the other persons
composing the boat's crew, severally, or to their legal re[>-
resentatives, I he sum of ,<$1,323 70, as the share of each in
the capture of the s*aid sloop Venture, on satisfactory proof
being made lo ihe Secretary of the Treasury of their being
such person4-', or their Ieg3l rvprespuauve6."
Mr. FLORENCE. How many are there ?
Mr. BALL. Six.
Mr. DUNHAM. 1 object to the gentleman's
motion.
Mr. BALL. Then 1 move to suspend therules.
The question was taken; and (two thirds voting
in favor thereof) the rules were suspended.
The question was then taken on Mr. Ball's
motion; and it was agreed to. «
So the Committee of the Whole House was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill.
Mr. BALL. I demand the previous question,
so as not to detain the House.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question was ordered to be put.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the reading of
the report, so that we may know what the bill is.
The report was read.
Mr. MiLLSON. I have examined thia bill,
and I move to lay it upon the table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
The amendment was adopted.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. BALL. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken on the latter motion;
and it was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT GENERAIXY BY BREVET.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from the further consideration of Senate resolution
No. 4; and that the House may understand what
my object is, I will state that the resolution in ques 
tion is that to do justice to General Scott.
[Cries of " Good."]
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will be
reported.
Mr. HAMILTON. For information?
The SPEAKER. For information, certainly.
The resolution was read by its title, as follows:
Senate joint resolution (No. 4) authorizing the
President of the United States to confer the title
of Lieutenant General by Brevet for eminent ser-
vices.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Bayly] asks the unanimous consent of
the House to submit a motion that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the further consideration of this res-
olution.
Mr. CRAIGE. I object.
Mr. BAYLY. Then I move that the rules of
the House be suspended for the purpose of ena-
bling me to submit the motion.
Mr. HAMILTON. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 132, nays 51; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Alien,
Appleton, Thomas IJ. Bayly, Ball, Bell, Bennett, Benson,
Boyce, Breckinridge, Bristow, Brooks, Bugg, Campbell,
Carpenter, Caruthers, Chandler, Chase, Chrisman, Clark,
Clingman. Cook, Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Cullom, Cutting,
I)e Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton, Ed-
mandSjEdmuitdson,ThomasT>. Eliot, Etheridge, Eveihart,
Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Florence, Franklin, Gamble,
Goode, Goodwin, Greenwood, Grey, Aaron Harlan, An-
drew J. Hailan, Haven, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Inger-
solf, Johnson, J. Glancy Jones, Kent, Kerr, Knox, Kurtz,
Latham, Lmdley, Lvon, McCulloch, Macdonald, McDou-
gall, McMullin, MeNair,Mace, Macy, Matteson, Maurice,
May, Mayall, Meaeham, Middleswarth, Moigan  Nichols,
Noble, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Parker, Peckh.'im, Pennington, Preston, Pnncle, Puryear,
Ready, R« ese, Richardson, D.ivid Ritchie, Robbing, Howe,
Russell, Sahin, Sage, Snpp, Seward, Simmone, William
Smith, William R Smith, Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard II. Stanton, Stratton, David Stuart, John J. Tay-
lor, John L Ta\ lor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thu^ton,Tracy,
Trout, Upham, Vail, Varisant, YVa!bridge, Walker, Walley,
Wan-en, Ellihu, U. Washhurne, Israel Washburn, Wells,
John Wemworih, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, Witte,
and Yates—m
NAYS—Ashe, Barksdale, Barry,Belcher,Bridges,Chas-
tam, Clmrchvvol), Cobb, Craigc, John G. Davis^ DowdeU,
Ellison, English, Fuller, Grow, Hamilton, Sampson W.
hanin, Wiley P Hams, Hastings, Hendricks, Elenn, Hib-
Uard, Houston, Daniel T. Jones, George VV. Jones, Roland
Jones, Kidwell, Kjttredae, Lamb, Lane, Letcher, Lilly,
iiindsley, Maxwell, Millsou, Morrison, Murray, Olds,'
Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phelps, Powell. Thomas
Kitchey, lluffin, Seymour, Shaw, Hestor L. Stevens, An-
drew Stuart, Wade, Daniel B. Wright, and Hendrick B.
Wright—51
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. BAYLY. I now move that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union be
discharged from the further consideration of the
joint resolution, and I ask the previous question.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to allow me to ask leave to withdraw .
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. Will the gen-
tleman from Virginia withdraw the catl for the
previous question for a moment?
Mr. BAYLY. It is impossible for me to yield
the floor to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Hughes.] I might yield it to my friend from
Mississippi, [Mr. Harris,] but the disposition of
the House is, this being a question about which
debate is not in order, to vote upon it at once. I
therefore demand the previous question.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Bayly.) The Chair
understands the gentleman from New York merely
to ask to withdraw papers from the files of the
House, in order lo send them to one of the De-
partments.
Mr. BAYLY. Well; there is no objection to
his doing that.
On motion by Mr. HUGHES, it was
Ordered, That he be permitted to withdraw from the tiles
of ihe House the papers in the ea«e of Daniel S. Cash for
use in one of the Executive Departments of the Govern-
ment.
The question was then taken on the motion to
discharge the committee; and it was agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY. I now move the previousques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
