1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
691
main question was ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof, the joint resolution was
ordered to be read a third time; and it was accord-
ingly read a third time.
Mr. BAYLY. I now demand the previous
question on the passage of -the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put, which was,
" Shall the joint resolution pass?"
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio. I move that the joint
resolution be laid on the table; and upon that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BAYLY. I hope the gentleman from Ohio
will withdraw his motion, and let us take the yeas
and nays on the passage of the resolution.
The motion was not withdrawn.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stuart's
motion; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the passage of the
joint resolution, on which the yeas and nays were
demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative'—yeas 120, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Alien,
Appleton, Thomas II. Bayly, Ball, Banks, Bell, Bennett,
Benson, Benton, Breckinridge, Rristow, Brooks, Bugg,
Campbell, Caipenter, Caruihers, Chandler, Chase, Chr «-
inan, <J5in«man, Cook, Corwm, Cox, Crocker, Cutting, Dc
Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Dunbar, Eddy, Ednuinds, Edmund-
son, Thomas D. Eliot, lithendge, Everhart, Faulkner,
Fenton, Flag'er, Florence, Franklin, Gamble, Goode,
Goodwin. Greenwood, Grey, Aaron Ilarlan, llavrn, Hies-
ter, Hill, Howe, Hughes', Hunt, Jnaersoll, Johnson, J.
G'lancy Jones Keitt, Kerr, Knox, Kuriz, Latham, Lewis,
Lindley, Lvon, McCulloch, .Maedonald, McDougall, Mc-
Mullm. Mi Nan, Mace, M,u y, M meson, Maume, May,
Mayall, Meacham, Muldeswarlh, Morgan, Noble, Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Monlec.ii Oiivci, Oir, Parker, I'eckbam,
Pennington, Preston, Printrle, Puijear, Ready, Reese,
Richntd^on, David Ritchie, Thomas Uitehev, Rowe, Rus-
sell, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Simmons, William Smith,
William It. Smith, Rollers, Fiedenck P. Stanton, Richard
II. Stanton, David Stuart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G.
Taylor, Thurston, Trncv, Trout, Uphain, Yai!. Vans-ant,
Walhrulse, Walker, Wailey, Ellihu B. Wafhburne, Isiael
Washburn, Wells, John Wenuvorih, Tappan YVeutwoilh,
Westhrook, Yate*, ami Zollieotler—196.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Ashe, Barksdalc, Barry,
Belcher, Bococ-k, Bridges, Churclnvell. Clark, Cobb,
Craige, Curtis, John (r Davis, Disnev, Dnwdeli, Dunham,
Eastman, Edgerton, Elin-on, English, Fuller, Giddnigs,
Grow, Hamilton, Andrew J. Has Ian, Sampson W. Harris,
Wiley P. Harris Hastings Ilendricks., llenn? Hihbard,
Houston, Daniel T. lorn'*, George W Jones, Roland Jones,
Kidvvell, Ktttredue, Lamb, Lar.e, Letcher, Lihv, lamMey,
Maxwell, Millson, Morrison, .Murray, Olds, Bi-iiop Per-
kins. John Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Rot/bins, RutVm, Sey-
mour, Shaw, George W. Smyth, Hestor I,. Stevens, Strat-
ton, Andrew Stuait, John J. Taylor, Wade, Walsh, Witte,
Daniel B. Wright, and Hendnck B. Wiighi—03.
Pending the announcement of the vote,
Mr. BLISS said: I was not present when my
name was called; and I therefore desire to say,
that if I had been present I would have voted in
the negative.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was passed,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
LAND DISTRICT OF FOND-DU-LAC.
Mr. EASTMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Houseto enable me to submit a motion
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union be discharged from the further consid-
eration of House bill No. 538.
Mr. GIDD1NGS, of Ohio. I hope the gentle-
man from Wisconsin [Mr. Eastman] will yield
me the floor, that I may submit a resolution which
hasconnection with thejoint resolution justpassed.
Mr. Eastman yielded the floor.
Mr. GiDDINGS. I wish to state to the House
that the resolution which I send to the Clerk's table
is an explanation of the reason for my vote.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
Wheieas true policy of this and all lepublican Gov-
ernments consists in maintaining peace, as far as possible,
with all nations, and discouraging the spirit of war and
rapine: Therefore—
'Rcsolced. Thru Major General Wmfield Soott, for bis
persevering efforts to maintain peace and to avoid blood-
shed on our northeastern and northwestern frontiers, when
they were threatened with violence and war, is entitled to
the rhauks of Congress and the gratitude of the American
people.
Mr. WARREN. X object to the introduction
of the resolution.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I move that the rules
of the House be suspended, in order to enable me
to introduce the resolution.
Mr. EASTMAN. I cannot give way for any
such purpose. I now move that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the further consideration of House
bill (No. 538) to establish an additional land dis-
trict in the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. HAMILTON. Let the bill be read for
information.
The bill was read.
The first section provides that all that part of the
present Willow river land district, in the State of
Wisconsin, lying north of the line dividing town-
ships forty and forty-one, or fourth correction line,
be created a land district, to be called the Fond-du-
Lac district, the office for which shall be located
at such place therein as the President may, from
time to time, direct. #
The second section provides that there shall be
appointed by the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, a register and a
receiver for said district, who shall respectively
be required to reside at the site of the office, be
subject to the same laws, and entitled to the same
compensation as is, or may hereafter be, prescribed
by law in relation to other land offices of the Uni-
ted States.
The third section provide^ that the sales shall
continue at the Willow river district till the land
officers for that district are notified that the officers
for the district created l>y this act are prepared to
enter on their duties; and in all cases hereafter the
salaries of land officers shall commence only from
the time they enter on the discharge of their
duties.
Mr. HAMILTON. Let the report be read.
Mr. WASHCURNE, of Illinois. There is no
report.
Mr. EASTMAN. I have no speech to make
on this subject. The bill sufficiently explains
itself. It is recommended by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office.
Mr. HAMILTON. Has the bill been before
any committee of the House*
Mr. EASTMAN. It has been reported from
the Committee on Public Lands, and is recom-
mended by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office I may state here that persons who desire
to enter land on Lake Superior have now to travel
some two hundred and fifty miles in order to
have a single entry made.
The question was taken on the motion to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole on the state
cf the Union from the further consideration of the
bill; and it was agreed to.
Mr. EASTMAN. I now move the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and tinder
the operation of the previous question the bill was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read a third
time, and passed.
SWAMP LAND BILL.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
have taken from the Speaker's table House bill
No. 9, known as the swamp land act,merely that
the House may non-concur in the amendment of
the Senate.
There being no objection, House bill (No. 9)
for the relief of the purchasers and locators of
swamp and overflowed land—returned from the
Senate with an amendment—was taken from the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The Senate have adopted the
following amendment to the bill, which will be
read for information:
Pase one, section one. At the end of the section add the
following proviso :
Provided, The proper authorities of the State in which
any such land is situated shall first release and surrender,
in such form as the riecreiary ofthe Interior shall preseube,
all claims to land of purchasers and locators ; and no (intent
shall be issued to any such purchaser or locator till the
requisite surrender shall be made.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment of the Senate was non-concurred in.
THE PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I rise to what
I consider to be a question of privilege, because it
relates to the duties of officers of the House. On
X^riday or Saturday last, I introduced a resolution
here directing that the books and documents
which are ordered by the House, should be sent
to the homes of the members by the Superin-
tendent of Public, Printing. I understand frqm
the Clerk of the House tfoat, in all probability, it
will produce some confusion in the arrangements
which are made in his office for sending away
the books of members. 1 hope, therefore, that a
resolution may now be passed, in about these
words, so as to obviate any difficulty that may
grow out of the resolution adopted a few days
ag°.
Resolved, That the books and documentn directed to be
sent off to members, at their homes, by ihe resolution of
the 9th instant, be sent off by the officers of the House in
the usual manner.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 wish to suggest
to the gentleman from Kentucky, that he had
better amend the resolution which he offered the
other day by substituting the word " Doorkeeper"
for the words " Superintendent of Public Print-
ing. " The folding room is under the superintend-
ence of the Doorkeeper, and he has the charge of
the whole force employed there. The books and
documents which the Clerk of the House has to
send off are the regular sets of books and docu-
ments to which each member is entitled; and they
will not be affected by the resolution of the gentle-
man.
Mr. STANTON. I have no objection to the
amendment of the gentlemen from Tennessee, but
the same purpose will be accomplished by saying
" officers of the House." I move, then, to strike
out, in the original resolution, the words "Super-
intendent of Public Printing," and insert in lieu
thereof the words ** proper officers of the House."
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
SWAMP LAND BILL AGAIN.
Mr. WARREN. I suppose the question which
1 tun about to make is one of privilege. I
move—if it is such a question—that a committee
of conference be raised in this House, to confer
with a like committee on the part of the Senate,
in reference to the non-concurrence of this House
in the amendment of the Senate to the swamp
land bill.
The SPEAKER. It is not the usual stage for
appointing committees of conference. The Sen-
ate may recede from their amendment.
OVERLAND MAIL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. McDOUGALL. 1 ask the unanimous
consent of the House to dispose of a very import-
ant measure for California, and which will not
occupy over ten minutes of the time of the House
I am instructed by the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to report House bill (No.
685) providing for an express mail overland from
St Louis to San Francisco.
I ask the Clerk to read the amendment which
the committee report in the nature of a substitute
for the bill.
The substitute was then read through by the
Clerk.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I now ask the unanimous
consent of the House to allow me to report it.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move that the rules of
the House be suspended for that purpose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire,
if this bill gets before the House, and is not dis-
posed of to-day, will it come up to morrow, or
whenever the special order is over? Will it be in
order to offer an amendment to it, providing for
the construction of the Pacific railroad ?
The SPEAKER. It will be sufficient for the
Chair to decide that question when it arises.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will say to the gentle-
man frotn Tennessee that I do not intend to dis-
cuss the matter, but move it to an immediate
vote. I do not think it necessary to discuss it.
The bill has been prepared with great care; and,
if the House is willing to give us this facility for
communication with the Pacific, they will do it as
soon without discussion as with.
The question recurring upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules, there were, upon a division—ayes
88, noes 45; whereupon
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and resulted—
yeas 104, nays 65; as follows:
