1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
697
state to the Senator that the reservation was I
reduced by the former act. The effect of this bill is
simply to apply the public landlaws totheamount
which was taken off the reservation, and to secure
the preemption of a certain clergyman referred to
in the bill, all of which is recommended specifi-
cally by the General Land Office.
Mr. CHASE. I hope the bill will be laid over
until to-morrow. I think it will be necessary to
move an amendment to it.
The PRESIDENT. Objection beingmade, the
bill will lie over until to-morrow.
MEDFORD CAFFEY.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred House bili for the relief of
Medford Caffey, of the State of Tennessee, have
instructed me to report il back, and recommend
its passage. It is a bill to pay $106 for the loss of
a horse for the want of forage which should have
been furnished him by the Government, in the
Seminole war of 1818. I think that the Senate
had better take it up and pass it at once. The
claim is well sustained by the testimony.
There being no objection, the bill was consid-
ered aa in Committee of the Whole. Its object
is to direct the payment of $106 to Medford Caffey,
in full compensation for his horse and equipment,
lost in the campaign of 1818 with the Seminoles.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and
CHARLES PETTIT.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Finance to report a joint resolution for the
relief of Charles Pettit, and to ask for its consid-
eration now.
The joint resolution was read twice, by unan-
imous consent, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. The Secretary of the Treasury will
be directed by it to pay to Charles Pettit, a messe 1-
ger in the office of the Secretary of the Treasury,
#250 per annum from July 1, 1851, to January 1,
1855, for services rendered in cariyingthe mail.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was referred the amendments of
the House to the bill of the Senate authorizing the
construction of a subterranean line of telegraph
from the Mississippi or Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean, have instructed me to recommend
the Senate to concur in the amendments. The
House amendment is in the form of a substitute
which strikes out of the bill the grant of land, so
that it simply gives the right of way. They also
strike the word " subterranean" out of the title. I
hope the amendments will be considered now.
The amendments were concurred in.
TERRITORIAL PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom was referred the House bill making
an appropriation for completing the public build-
ings of Oregon and Minnesota Territories, have
instructed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and to recommend its passage. I ask for
its immediate consideration.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill.
It will appropriate §67,000 to defray the ex-
penses of completing the public buildings in the
Territory of Oregon, which are now commenced
and partially completed: $40,000 of which are to
be expended, according to the provisions of the
act of the Legislative Assembly relating to the
public buildings of the Territory, in completing
the penitentiary; and $27,000, according to the
provisions of that act, in completing the state-
house, or house for the meeting of the Legislative
Assembly. The commissioners elected to super-
intend the erection of those buildings,are to cause
the money to be so expended as to insure their
completion without additional expense to the
United States. It will also appropriate $11,500
to complete the territorial capitol, and build a
work-shop for the territorial prison, in the Terri-
tory of Minnesota, in accordance with estimates
made by the agent appointed by the Secretary of
the Treasury, the sum to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Treasury.
No amendment being pioposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
MINNESOTA MILITARY ROADS..
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was refeired House bill malting
appropriations for improving certain military roads
in the Territory of Minnesota, have also in-
structed me to report it back without amendment,
and ask its immediate consideration.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to cons dcr the bill.
It proposes to appropriate, for cutting out the
timber on the territorial road from the Falls of St.
Anthony to Fort Ridgely, $5,000, and for cutting
out the timber on the road from Fort Ripley, via
Crow Wmg river, to the point where the road
intersects the main road leading to the Red river
of the north, $10,000; to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of War.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate,ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
MILITARY ROAD IN OREGON.
Mr. DOUGLASS. The Committee on Terri-
tories have also instructed me to report back to
the Senate House bill for the construction of a
military road in Oregon Tenitory, recommend its
passage, and ask for its immediate consideration.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
considered the bill.
The sum of $30,000 is to be appropriated for
the construction of a military road from Astoria
to Salem, in the Territory of Oregon; the road to
be constructed under the direction of the Secre-
tary of War, pursuant to contracts to be made by
him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, otdered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MISSOURI CIRCUIT COURT.
Mr. GEYER. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill to provide for
the holding of an additional term of the circuit
court of the United States in the district of Mis-
souri, have instructed me to report it back with
an amendment. I ask for its immediate consider-
ation.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill.
The amendment of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary was to strike out the following:
Sec. 4. .■hid }><■ it further enacted, That as a full com-
pensation lor all such service^ n. ni'iy be required by lllis
act, said district judge shall receive, in addition to the com-
pensation now allowed, the sam of$500 per annum, payable
in the same manlier as Ins regular salary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHASE. I should be glad to have an
amendment made to the bill authorizing an addi-
tional term for the district court of the northern
district of Ohio. The bill which has recently
passed the Senate, dividing the State of Ohio into
two districts, does not authorize a special term of
that court, and, in consequence of that, no term
can be held, under the present provisions of the
law, until July. There will be great inconveni-
ence in the trial of causes arising from that fact.
Mr. HUNTER. Let the bill go over until to-
morrow.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator object
to the consideration of the bill?
Mr. CHASE. 1 do, until to-morrow.
The further consideration of the bill was post-
poned until to-morrow.
CUMBERLAND ROAD IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. SLI DELL. The Committee on Roads and
Canals, to whom was referred House bill to cede
to the State of Illinois that part of the Cumberland
road lying within said State, have instructed me
to report it back without amendment, and recom-
mend its passage. The bill is identical in its terms
with one which has been passed for the benefit of
the State of Indiana. If there be no opposition,
I ask that it may be put upon its passage.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. I trust it will
go over until to-morrow.
Mr. SLIDELL. It will not take but a minute.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill. It proposes to cede
to the State of Illinois the portion of the road
lying within its limits, and all the stone, timber,
and other materials furnished by the United States-
for its use.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
The PRESIDENT. Shall the bill be read a
third time?
Mr STUART. On that question I desire to
have the yeas and nays. I want to test the right
to give away the property.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr SLIDELL. I merely wish to repeat the-
explanation which I have made. The bill is iden-
tical m its terms with one which has been passed
ceding to the State of Indiana that portion of the
Cumberland road lying within the limits of that
State.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will go over until
to-morrow. That was the understanding. I
should like to look into it myself, if there is any
doubt about it. I want to get up the Indian ap-
propriation bill now.
The further consideration of the bill was post-
poned until to-morrow.
NEBRASKA TERRITORIAL ROAD.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I am instructed by the
Committee on Territories, to whom was referred
House bill making an appropriation for a terri-
torial road in the Territory of Nebraska, to report
it back; and ask for its immediate consideration.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
considered the bill.
For the purpose of constructing a territorial
road from a pointon the Missouri river, (opposite
the city of Council Bluffs,) m the Territory of
Nebraska, to New Fort Kearny, in the Territory
the sum of $50,000 is to be appropriated.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the Indiaft
appropriation bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is a little bill on the
table, which will be a great relief to the people in
Oregon, who have to travel perhaps three hundred
and fifty miles to reach a land office. I will ask
the Senator to let me get that bill up, giving them
an additional land office.
Mr. HUNTER. I will go with the Senator to-
morrow to get it up; but the hour has nowarrived
for proceeding with the consideration of the Indian
appropriation bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I would assent to the sugges-
tion to let it go over until to-morrow, but the Del-
egate from that Territory is about leaving, and
would desire to report upon this matter. There
is now but one land office in the whole Territory
of Oregon, one of the largest Territories, if not
the very largest that we have ever created. I fear
I may not git ihe floor to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Virginia insist on his motion ?
Mr. WELLER. I think the Senate had better
take up the resolution which J offered several days
ago, to change the hour of meeting.
Mr. JOHNSON I withdraw my request.
Mr. HUNTER. I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the W hole, accordingly pro-
ceeded to consider the bill from the House, making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, the
pending question being on the following amend-
ment, proposed by Mr. Shields, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, as an additional sec-
tion:
Sec   Ani be it further enacted, That the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury be, and they are hereby,
authorized to allow the paymasters of ihe United States
Army, who served as such in Mexico during the war with
that Republic, commissions of one and a half per centum
on alt moneys collected or received and paid over by thera
into the Treasury of the United Slates, an-ing from duties
on imports, and from internal assessments and taxes in
Mexico during that war: Provided, That no commission
shall be allowed on any such sums of money so collected
or received, on which commissions have heretofore bee a
allowed to any other collector, or receiver, or other officer
of ihe United States.
Mr. GWiN. While I might bewiliingto vote
for this proposition as a private bill, or as an
amendment to another appropriation bitt to which
