698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Fe.brua.iy 13,
it would be pertinent, I cannot vote to pat it on the
Indian appropriation bill. I shall vote against it,
though not opposed to the proposition at all; but
simply because I think it is not right to put it on
this bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I think it is a matter for the
consideration of the Senate, whether they will re-
sort to incongruous legislation of this sort. The
subjects certainly are not related. This is all I
have to say on it. I do not know anything about
the justice of the claim; it may be a goodone; but
I protest against putting it on this bill.
The PRESIDENT. The Senate yesterday de-
cided, on the yeas and nays, that the amendment
was in order. But for that, the Chair would read-
ily decide the question which is presented.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not raise any question
of order.
Mr, SHIELDS. I think it was almost unani-
mously conceded yesterday that this was a just
amendment, and the only objection made at the
time was that it was not in order. That question
having been decided, I should fear if there were an
adverse vote now on the case, it would prejudice
it hereafter. This winds up an old matter, and
really 1 wish to see it done before I take my leave
of this body.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I ask leave now to offer,
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, two or
three amendments which were omitted by mistake
yesterday. The first amendment which I now
offer is intended to carry out tbe late treaty with
the Chippewas. It involves the insertion of sev-
eral items, and the striking out of some already in
the bill. It is to strike out the following items
from the appropriations for the Chippewas of
Mississippi and Lake Superior, which have be-
come unnecessary in consequence of the late treaty:
For nineteenth of twenty installments for the c tabhsh-
mcnt oi three Minths' shops, supporting the g-nnths, and
furni^nrig iron and steel, per second article treaty *29111
July, 1837, $3,000.
For nineteenth of twenty installments for the support of
farmers, puieha^e of implements, giain and seed, to carry
o.i their agricultural pursuits, per second aiticleof treaty
29th July, 1837, $I,00U.
For fourteenth of twenty-five installments for the support
of two smiths' shops, including the pay of two smiths and
assistants, and furnishing iron and steel, per lourth article
Ucaiy 4Ui October, 1840, $0,000.
For fourteenth of twenty-five installments for the pay of
two farmers, per fourth article of treaty 4th October ]842,
For fourteenth of twenty-five installments for the pay of
two carpenters, per fourth article treaty 4th October, 1842,
$1,200.
And in lieu of these items to insert the following:
For fulfilling treaties with the Chippewas of Lake Superior.
For expenses (in part) of selecting reservations, and sur-
veying and marking the boundaries thereof, per 2d, 3d, and
12th article.-* ot the treaty of' September 30, !So4, $3,000
For the payment of the first of twenty instruments in
coin, good*, &c., agricultural implement.-, &c., and educa-
tion, &c., per 4th article ol the treaty of September 30,
1854, $ 9,01/0.
For the purchase of clothing and other articles to be given
to Uie joung men at the next annuity payment, as per 4th
article of ihv treaty of September 30, lSil, $4,800.
For the purchase of agricultural implements and other
articles, as presents for the mixed bloods, per 4th article of
the treaty of September 30, 1854, $6,000.
For the payment of such debts as may be directed by the
chiefs in open council, and found to be just and correct by
the Secretary of the Interior, per 4th article of the treaty
of September 30, 1851, $90,000.
For the payment of such debts of the Bois Forte band as
may be duected by their chief*, and found to be just and
corrcct by the Secretary of the Interior, per 12th article of
the treaty of September 30, 1844, $10,000.
For the payment of the first of five installments in b'ank-
ets, cloth, &c., to the Bois Forte band, per 12th article ^of
the treaty of September 30, lb54, $2,000.
For the first of twenty installments for the pay of six
smiths and assistants, per 5th and 2d articles of the treaty
of September 30, 1854, §5,040.
For the first of twenty installments for the support of six
Binith shops, per 5th and 2d articles of the treaty of Sep-
tember 30, l«34, $1,320.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, Yesterday I offered to the
Senate, as an amendment, a provision enabling the
President to treat with the Stockbridge tribe of
Indians; and it was adopted. Since then, on con-
ference with the gentleman of the other House,
representing the district in which that tribe is lo-
cated, I have thought it proper to consent to some
verbal alterations, and I hope that, by unanimous
consent, the amendment, as I now offer it, will be
substituted in place of that which was agreed to
yesterday.
There being no objection, the following amend-
ment was substituted in place of the one yesterday
adopted on the same subject:
For the purpose of enabling the President to treat with,
and arrange the difficulties existing among the Stockbndge
and Munsee Indians, of Lake Winnebago, in the State of
Wisconsin, growing out of tbe acts of Congress of the 3d
of March, lfc43, and August 6, 1846, and the treaty of the
24th of November, 1848, in such a manner as may be just
to the Indians, and with their assent, and not inconsistent
with the legal rights of white persons who may reside in the
Stockbridge reservation, and of the claims of the United
States under the treaty of 1848, the sum of $1,000.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 have another amend-
ment to offer from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, as an additional section:
Sec.—. Jind be it further enacted, Thnt the laws of the
United States, pumshwgthe crimes of forgery and depreda-
tions upon the mails of the United States be, and the same
hereby are, extended to, and declared to be in force in, the
Indian country.
This amendment is presented because it has
been decided by the judge of the district court of
the United States, for the westein district of
Arkansas, the jurisdiction of which extends over
many of the Indian tribes, that these laws are not
in force in the Indian country. This is to supply
what, in the judgment of the committee, is a very s
defective provision of existing laws. '
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have no more amend-
ments to present from the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. MALLORY. I have an amendment to
offer, as an additional section:
Sec. —• Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the President of
the United Suites be authorized and directed to appoint two
persons to investigate and collect proof, under the lrislruo :
tions of ihe-Department of the interior, on the depredations
upon private properly by the Indians in Florida, subse-
quent to the 3.3th of December, 1835 ; the report and testi-
mony to be submitted to Congress at its next session.
I will say, in explanation of this amendment,
that it is precisely similar to one which was
adopted by the Senate at the last session of Con-
gress, without any opposition whatever. It pro-
vides for a similar commission to that appointed
in Georgia and Alabama, under a clause in an
Army appropnation bill some years ago. It does
not contemplate the appropriation of any money.
Mr. HUNTER. This seems to me to be of
the same nature with the amendment in regard to
California, which we voted down yesterday, and
is liable to the same objection. It is to institute a
roving commission, as was well said yesterday,
for the purpose of ascertaining claims against the
United States. I think it is time enough when
they come here and are presented, to decide upon
them.
Mr. MALLORY. I think the chairman of the
Committee on Finance wiil agree with me, if he
reflects, that when these claims come up here,
Congress has no means of rebutting them, or
meeting the testimony produced in their favor.
The witnesses of the claims are now living, and
they can be produced. This amendment is not
introduced particularly to support the claims of
the people of Florida, but to enable the Govern-
ment to have the very best testimony on the sub-
ject, at the very cheapest rate. It leaves the Presi-
dent to appoint any two commissioners he pleases.
Two officers of the Army were formerly appointed,
who collected the testimony, but it has been en-
tirely lost. It has gone from the Department,
and nobody knows where. It is essential to the
interests of the Government that this testimony
should be taken. This provision was passed at
the last session of Congress, without any oppo-
sition, in the Senate, but the House struck it out,
with a great many other useful amendments. I
trust it will now be adopted.
Mr. BROWN. It seems to me to be much
more important to the interests of the Govern-
ment, and much more secure, to require that some
officer already in Florida, or in any other State
where the testimony is needed, shall take it and
have it properly attested and sent here. It seems
to me to be an abuse to send out a commission to
take testimony every time any one has a claim
against the Government. It involves a great deal
of expense. Why not authorize the district at-
torney of Florida, who has very little to do, I
apprehend, to take this testimony?
Mr. CLAYTON. This is certainly the very
same principle which was decided yesterday. It
is proposed to send out another one of these com-
missions to take testimony, and the same ground
is given which was given yesterday in favor of
sending a commission to California. It is said that
it is a commission to take testimony, to protect
ourselves; but that is not the language of the
amendment. It is to take testimony to substan-
tiate the claims. I hope the Senate will adhere to
the principle which was adopted yesterday, when
the California proposition was presented.
Mr. CHASE. There is no limitation upon this
amendment, which will restrict this investigation
to any class of claims whatever. The commis-
sioners might report claims entirely without the
principle of the Indian intercourse, and thus fur-
nish the material for protracted controversy here,
without benefit either to the cfaimants or the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. MALLORY. In reply to the honorable
Senator from Ohio, I will remind him that we
have no intercourse act with the Indians of Flor-
ida. If we had, this testimony would not be
essential; but, 1 repeat, it is for the interest of the
Government that testimony should be taken by
impartial persons, selected by the Government, as
a check, if you please, on the claimants them-
selves; so that Congress may not be left, upon
the presentation of the claims, to the testimony
taken ex parte, and produced by the parties. It
is not expressly for the interest of the State of
Florida that this testimony should be taken. If
the amendment should be rejected, I now predict
that there will be an occasion when the Senate will
recur to this debate, and see the necessity of having
this testimony before them. The amendment
contemplates no appropriation of money what-
ever. There is no limitation, to be sure, except
as to time. It is to take testimony in relation to
Inclim depredations from the 25ih of December,
1835, when hostilities began, down to the termin-
ation of hostilities.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, the difficulty
in this class of cases is, that unless evidence is
reported against a claim, it is regarded as sup-
ported by a commission from this Government
to inquire into its validity; and thus, in the future,
we shall be involved in greater difficulty in resist-
ing groundless claims. My objection is, that it
produces an exactly contrary effect from that
which is proposed. Besides, sir, we have passed
a bill in the Senate establishing a court of claims,
designed to apply to all claims upon the Govern-
ment. I hope that bill will be finally acted on,
and become a law, in order that Congress may be
relieved from this branch of inquiry. For both
hese reasons I am opposed to this amendment.
Mr. WELLER. I shall vote for the proposi-
tion submitted by the Senator from Florida, and
simply for this reason: When I am called upon
here, as a Senator, to decide on the validity of any
claim presented against the Government, I prefer
having the whole testimony before me; I prefer
having all the testimony which shows the whole
transaction, and not to be confined to ex parte state-
ments of the claimants themselves. If we do not
adopt this provision, the people of Florida will con-
stantly be presenting claims to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and calls will be made on Con-
giess to pass on ex parte statements prepared by
the claimants themselves. If there be commis-
sioners appointed to go to Florida and investigate
the claims, they can get at the truth, and report
the testimony as well in favor of the Government
as against it. Now, whenever a large amount of
claims exist, which have been produced by a state
of war, as was the case in Florida, I think it far
better that the Government should take the neces-
sary steps to get the whole testimony before Con-
gress is called upon to decide on the validity of the
claims. I think that, in the end, it will be a matter
of economy; it will be a saving to the Govern-
ment of the United States to have the just sepa-
rated from the unjust, in order that we may have
all the facts before we decide upon them. I shall
vote for the amendment.
Mr. CLAYTON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 11, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Dawson, Fhzpatricft, Gwin,"Johnson,
Mallory, Morton, Pettit, Husk, Sebastian, Thomson of
Ivew Jersey, and Waller—II.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bell, Benja-
min, Brainerd, Brown, Chase, Clay, Clayton, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Douglas, Evans, Fessenden, Geyer, Gillette,
Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, Pearce,
Slidell, Stuart, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Toucey,
Wade, Wells, and Wilson—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
