1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
699
1 offer the following amend-
Mr. BROWN.
ment: i
Sec. — And be it further enacted, Ti.at, in accordance !
Willi the mcniori.il of the Menonionee Indians to liie Pies- I
idem and Congress, dated t!ic 4l!i of October, U:.7i4, and '
executed tit general council of tile nation, tliere be paid to ]
Itichard W. Thompson, as attorney lor the said Indians, I
under an agreement with iliem lor the prosecution ol a j
claim in their behall'f. r additional compensation lor lands I
ceded by them to the United .States, by the treaty of 1848,
such amount ot compensation lor the services perloniied ;
by the said Thompson,as may be lawlul and equitable, ac- :
cording to the judgment ana decision of the Knsi Comp- j
troller of the Treasury. And that the same be paid to mm
by the Secietary of the Treasuiy out of any money in the
Treasury not ollitrwise uppioprialed, and deducted lrom '
tile annuities, when due and payable, that are to be paid to
tile said Indians, under the treaty of the l'ith of May, 1So4,
and the amendments thereto.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that in order? Is it not a i
private claim, to provide for the services of an In-
dian attorney ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) The Chair will examine the amend-
ment.
Mr. BROWN. I only wish to pay that the
appropriation is not to bemadeout of the funds of
the Treasury, but out of the funds of the Indians.
The only point in controversy is, how much shall j
be paid to the attorney, the Indians themselves I
agreeing that he shall be paid, and paid out of j
their own fuuds. It is no claim against the Gov- j
ernment. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is ;
of opinion that the proposition is in order. It is ^
not a claim against the Government. It does not
propose to pay any claim against the Government.
• Mr. STUART. I should like to hear the
amendment read.
The Secretary read it accordingly.
Mr. STUART. If anything is to be done in
this case, it clearly ought not to be done in this
way. The subject, I understand informally, has
been before the Indian Department, and the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs and the Secretary of
the Interior deny that there is any claim on the
part of this individual at all. Now.it is sought to
transfer the decision of his rights to the First
Comptroller of the Treasury. What has he to do
with the Indian affairs of this country ? Clearly
nothing at all. I cannot speak as advisedly on
this subject as I should like to do, because my
information is not complete; but I can say that
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs and the Sec-
retary of the Interior are both of opinion that there !
is no foundation whatever for this claim. If the
Senate are going to pass on the question in a gen-
eral appropriation bill, they certainly ought not to
take it away from the Indian Department, where
the adjudication of all such questions properly
belongs, and transfer it to the First Comptroller. \
I move, therefore, to amend the amendment by
Striking out " the First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury," and inserting "the Secretary of the Inte-
rior;" and even if that be agreed to, I hope the
Senate will reject the entire amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have an objection to this
amendment, which goes a great deal further than
that suggested by the honorable Senator from
Michigan. I believe this is the first attempt that
has ever been made to give the sanction of Con-
gress to assignments in advance of annuities due
to Indian tribes. If this first step is once made it
is easy to see how long it will be before the Indians j
will not receive one cent out of the annuities that i
belong to them. j
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to ask whether this |
amendment is offered by any committee of the j
Senate, or whether it is presented by an individual i
Senator ? \
Mr. BROWN. I wiF reply to the Senator that ;
there are but three members of the Committee on ;
Indian Affairs here, and two of them are for the j
amendment, and one against it.
Mr. BAYARD. Then there has been no for- i
mal recommendation by the committee in favor of
the amendment. It does not come from the com-
mittee, and 1 shall vote against it.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, in reply to the
Senator from Michigan, I will say that I am per- :
fectly ready to admit that the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs has decided that the party in this
case has no claim against the Indians; b;,t the
Committee on Indian Affairs have investigated that
matter, and they have unanimously come to the
conclusion that he is entirely mistaken on that
point. That the party has rendered service, and
very important service to the Indians, there can be :
no question m the mir.d of any man who pays the ;
least attention to the facts. That he has prose- ...
cuted the claim for them, and recovered for them ,
a very large amount of money is true beyond all
controversy. That they have been beneficiaries
to the amount of from $150,000 to $200,000, prin-
cipally in consequence of his exertion, is equally
as true.
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs, however,
has taken it upon himself to say that those ser-
vices have been of no benefit to the Indians; but
he does not sustain himself in making that asser-
tion by any argument, or by any statement of
facts warranted by the testimony in the case. ,
What the Secretary of the Interior thinks about !
it I do not know. If there is any public docu- j
ment which shows his opinions, I have never seen j
it. That he has been appealed to for his opinion j
I know to be true. That he has ever given it ,
rmbhely 1 do not know to be true. If my friend i
from Michigan knows of any document in which
the opinion of that officer is set forth, I shall be ,
very glad if he will refer me to it. j
I have a word or two now to say in reply to |
my friend from Louisiana. He talks about this j
being the assignment of an Indian annuity. Why, ,
sir, if he had heard the amendment read, he would !
have seen that the whole proceeding is based on |
the memorial of the Indians themselves. The I
amendment provides that, in accordance with the ,
memorial of the Indians to the President and the |
Congress of the United Slates, this shall be done, j
Wc are not asking that anything shall be done m i
violation of the withes of the tribe, but in con- |
formity with their expressed desire; for they te- i
cognize the value of the services of this attorney, 1
and the honesty of [laying him. As 1 understand i
the case—and I have examined it thoroughly— j
they have been, at all times, and are yet, anxious .
to pay him for his services, recognizing the fact :
that they were valuable, and that they were ena-
bled, through his agency, to recover a large sum
of money, which perhaps they would never other-
wise have obtained. They desire to pay him,
but nn officer of the Government interposes and
says they shall not pay him; and that officer is j
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. There is no j
difficulty in ascertaining what his opinions are; (
lor, m his last annual report, he rays: ]
" T cannot forbear exprcs.-in!? the hope ihat all persons
having any as«tioy in tlio admmMr.itiou ot Jrnlctu nOMtrs,
whfllicr eonn<" ted with tho< .\«>euuve or legislative dfpart-
meiith of the (Jovrrmnenf, now or herc;jtter, will rftnlutcly
t-er iluur a^aniM, ami down down, all attempt© to
secure the allow.line or payment o! such unauthorized and
unpropei demands against the Indians."
What unauthorized and improper demands
against the Indians? The very demands which
the Indians themselves ask shall be paid. Now,
I do not know by what authority the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affaiis says there is an unauthor-
ized demand. The Indians, to whom the money
belongs, ask the President and Congress to pay
it. They say, " It is our money; you hold it;
we owe it to this man for valuable servio.es; and
we ask you to pay it to him." But the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs expresses the hope that
Congress will not permit it lo be done. Why,
sir—I beg Senators to recollect it—this is no claim
against the Government; it is a claim against the
Indians which they have recognized in council;
which they have memorahzed Congress and the
President to pay out of their funds, and which, 1
think, ousht to have been paid without the inter-
ference of Congress.
At this point a reflection crosses my mind,
which I will mention to the Senate. The policy
of this Government towards the Indians is a very
peculiar one. The Government stands in the
attitude of guardian to the Indians, constantly
proclaiming that the Indian is wholly incapable
of making a contract with anybody except his
guardian. The Government contracts with the
Indians to the extent of millions. !t buys up their
homes, sends them from one place to another,
makes contracts with them involving millions of
dollars; but the guardian will not permit his ward
to contract with anybody else. The gentleman
for whose benefit this amendment is designed does
not ask that his contract shall be considered as
binding. He says:
<•1 am willing to yield to ihe policy of the Government;
if you recognize my comract, tiiere is no difiiculty about
Hie amount wfiicli I shall be paid ; if yon do not, every-
body who knows anything about it will admit that I have
rendered service to these people; th'' Indians admit it, and
they memorialize the President and Congress to pay me ;
and now I wit.li to know whether the guardian will stand
in ihe way of paying an honest debt due lrom his ward?"
1 hardly know where to commence in the dis-
cussion of a claim which is so palpably right as
this. I hope the Senate will not insist on trans-
ferring the case back again to the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, who has already determined in
his own mind, and so stated in his annual report
to Congress, that this party shall not be paid, and
who has expressed the hope that it will not be
allowed to be done. Whoever knows the First
Comptroller of the Treasury, Mr. Whittlesey,
knows that he is about as tight-fisted as any fair-
minded and honest man ought to be. I do not
suppose there is a member of the Senate who
believes that Mr. Whittlesey will allow one dollar
to pass out of the Treasury which is not justly
and rightly due. I think the complaint against
him has been that he has been too close, too tight-
fisted, m the settlement of accounts. 1 make rro
such complaint against him myself. What I ask •
is, that this party shall not be thrown into the
hands of an officer who has already prejudged
his case, and prejudged it against the united judgr-
ment of the Committee on Indian Affairs of this
body.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I shall detain
the Senate only a few minutes; but in those few
minutes I hope to show the strongest reasons
why this claim should not be adjudicated upon,
particularly in this bill.
It will be recollected by every Senator here,
that only as long ago as two or three years since,
the practices oi these Indian attorneys had ar-
rived to that extent, that Congress passed a law
providing in so many words that no money paid
on any Indian claim should be allowed to any In-
dian attorney. I recollect upon that occasion in
the House of Representatives a Representative
from North Carolina rose in his place and said
that an allowance had been made to some Indians
in that State of $75,000, or about that sum, and
$50,000 of it was claimed by the agent. At that
tune Congress, with an almost unanimous voice,
in accordance with the wishes of the Indians, de-
j dared that such claims of attorneys should not
1 be paid. Why? Because every man who knows
1 any thing about this subject, knows that these
i attorneysand agents, by going round among the
Indians get them to sign anything. I do not de-
! sire to qualify that statement; but I repeat that
i Indian traders, and Indian agents, and attorneys
manage in one way or another to get Indians to
! sign any paper they choose. Scarcely any of the
Indians can read; and these men practice upon
them in one way or another, more frequently by
intoxication than any other mode, and get them
to sign requests to pay thousands and hundreds
of thousands of dollars to themselves.
With these facts before us, what are the addi-
tional circumstances of this case? The Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, whose business it is to
know both sides of all these questions, as well the
attorney's side as the Indians' side, has exam-
ined this question, and the honorable Senator from
Mississippi has read from his report, where he
says there is no foundation for the claim, and ex-
presses the hope that Congress will not pay it.
Now, what is said in opposition to this? The
Committee on Indian Affairs—and certainly I
would not say anything that would impute wrong
action to them—have heard the attorney's side of
the question.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Let me say to the Senator
from M lohigan that the amendment now presented
is not offered by the Committee on Indian Affairs,
but it is presented by the Senator from Missis-
sippi- „ ,
Mr. BROWN. I stated that two of the Com-
mittee who were present agreed to the amend-
ment, and one did not. That one was the Sena-
tor from Arkansas. . .
Mr. STUART. The amendment certainly is
not in order if it is not proposed by the Commit-
te<The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chajr
understands the amendment to be proposed by a
vote of two out of three members of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. STUART. But the chairman of the com-
mittee says it is not an amendment offered by the
