700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
committee. Two members do not constitute even
a majority of a quorum of the committee, for
there are six members on the committee.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. In making the statement
which I did, I merely intended to say that it had
not been acted on in this form by the Committee
on Indian Affairs. At the same time it is true in
point of fact that amendments are sometimes
carried round the Chamber, and the assent of a
majority of the committee obtained for them, and
they are offered. 1 do not know whether the Sen-
ator from Mississippi offered this amendment on
behalfof the committee, as expressing the views
of a majority of those present, or only on his own
responsibility.
Mr. BROWN. I stated distinctly in the begin-
ning, that the amendment had received the sanc-
tion of two members of the committee, and that
one dissented from it. There were only three
members of the committee then in the Senate, or,
in the city, 1 believe.
Mr. STUART. I did not wish to deal in any
technical objection in this matter; but 1 was pro-
ceeding to inquire which was the better authority
for Congress to act upon; and I ask again, with-
out any disrespect to the committee, on which
should we rely—the statement of the proper officer
of the Government, who has charge of the Indian
affairs of the country, who is familiar with every
fact connected with this question, and who has
investigated it thoroughly; or any investigation
which has been had or could be had here by a
committee of the Senate? It must be obvious, I
think, to every Senator, that there is no motive
on the part of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
to withhold a just debt from the applicant in this
ease. The money is appropriated to the Meno-
monee Indians, and it does not take a dollar more
or less out of the Treasury, whether the claim be
paid or denied; but, it does involve the protective
power and the obligations of this Government
over these unlettered Indians who cannot take care
of themselves.
Sir, we have heard the distinguished Senators
from Texas, and other distinguished Senators
upon this floor, in the most eloquent strains, call,
and properly call, upon Congress to protect the
Indians. There is not a Senator who has not
acknowledged the propriety of those appeals, both
in reason and m feeling. And yet here., sir,
although that Department of this Government
whose duty and whose pleasure it is to carry out
this guardianship m its true spirit, holds that there
is no foundation for this claim, and expresses its
hope that Congress will not allow it, now upon
an appropriation bill we are asked to authorize
the payment to this individual of as much money
as the First Comptroller of the Treasury says he
ought to have. 1 prefer greatly to leave the
guardian protection of the Indians of this country
to the Indian Department. But, sir, if the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs shall see fit to report a
separate bill for the relief of this individual, so as
to give the Senate time to consider it, so as to give
us an opportunity to refer to the Department and
see what are the facts on which it bases its opin-
ions, I shall not hesitate any more than any other
Senator to overrule that decision, if I shall be sat-
isfied that it is wiong.
Having no desire to detain the Senate, I close
all that I wish to say upon this subject, or shall
sav, by expressing the hope that the Senate will
not in this mode overrule the action of the proper
Department, and submit the fund belonging to
these Indians to the control of any other officer.
Mr. BELL Mr. President 
Mr. BROWN. If my friend from Tennessee
will allow me, I wish to call his attention, before
he commences his remarks, to a point made by
the Senator from Michigan which is at variance
with the language of the amendment, as proposed
by myself.
Mr BELL. I yield the floor with pleasure.
Mr BROWN. The Senator from Michigan
lays a great deal of stress on the assumed fact that
a party may go among the Indians, and get them
to si"n any sort of a paper that he thinks proper
to have them sign Now, this amendment pro-
vides that the settlement shall be made in accord-
ance with the memorial of the Indians executed
in general council. That was not a memorial
signed by the Indians one at a time, under the
influe ice of a white man; but it was the act of
the nation, executed in its highest legislative capa-
city, a memorial executed by the Indians in their
general council; and, therefore, it does not fall
under the objection of the Senatorfrom Michigan,
even though that objection might be well taken in
the case supposed by himself.
Again, that Senator lays stress on the fact that
the Commissioner has expressed the hope that
Congress will not pay this claim. Aye, sir, he
does express that hope; and in that I beg leave to
say, with all proper respect towards that officer,
he manifests, I think, an extraordinary prejudice
against this particular claim. Why should he
express any hope as to what Congress should do
in reference to this or any other claim, if he did
not feel a special interest in its defeat? I express
the hope that Congress will see justice done to
this party. I repeat what I said before to my
friend from Michigan, that the committee were
unanimously of opinion that he had rendered im-
portant service, and the Indiana feel that he is en-
titled to be compensated. On that point, after an
investigation of the facts, the committee entirely
differed from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, this case seems to
present, faiily and properly, a few considerations
which I desire to submit to the Senate in relation
to it. I had no knowledge that such an amend-
ment was intended to be proposed to this bill, and
I rise to say a few words upon the subject, on the
presumption that, as the amendment has been
under discussion for some time, the question of
order cannot intervene, as it was not taken origin-
ally. The amendment, therefore, being before
the Senate for action, I have a few words to say
upon it.
This proposition has one merit, which struck
me very forcibly when I heard it rend. It pro-
poses to refer to a responsible officer of the Govern-
ment the adjustment of the chums of an attorney
for an Indian tribe. This appears to me to be one
of the best modes of protecting the Indian tribes
against the exorbitant and unreasonable demands
of such agents; and if it could be carried out and
be made to assume the form of a permanent law,
applying to all such cases, I think it would be
not only for the benefit of the Indians, but to
the advantage of the Government itself. I there-
fore suggest the propriety of a general provision,
that none of those allowances should be granted
to Indian attorneys or agents, upon special con-
: tracts between them and the Indians, until those
contracts undergo the supervision of some respect-
able and responsible officer of the Government.
In this way it seems to me we can most surely
and most faithfully carry out what is said to be
the quasi guardianship of the Government over
these children of the desert.
The honorable Senator from Michigan has
stated that it is only necessary for one of these
agents, or traders, to go round among the Indians
to get their signatures by imposition, by mis-
representation," by the inducements which he may-
have it in his power, to hold out to the individual
members of the tribe. In general, with a great
maj )rity of the Indian tribes, we know that this
is true. We have known that heretofore, very ex-
orbitant and enormous contracts have been com-
plied with,on the partof the Indians, because the
chiefs entered into them under their signatures, ,
under which an amount of compensation has been
allowed, for which there was no pretense in reality
that any suitable services had been rendered. Be-
cause the Indians are liable to be imposed on in
that way, as the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan has suggested, the Government ought to pro-
vide some protection against it if possible. 1 do
not know what the fact is in this particular case;
but let us suppose, for the sake of illustration, that
the gentleman whose name is mentioned in the
amendment had a contract authorizing him to
receive twenty, or thirty, or forty per cent, on the
amount which might be obtained from the Govern-
ment. These are not extravagant suppositions,
for I have known and heard repeatedly of twenty
per cent, being allowed on the amount recovered
from the Government on these claims. Congress
have seen arid heard of so many examples of this
sort, or rather they have inferred them from what
they saw in this Chamber, and heard in debate
from various honorable Senators and members,
tHat they have been shocked at the enormity of
the extortions of the agents and attorneys upon
the Indians. It is this which excited the feeling
referred to by the honorable Senator from Michi-
gan, that induced the Senate, some years ago, to
provide that no money should be paid from the
Treasury upon any power of attorney given by
Indians to an agent or other person; but that the
agents, after they had prosecuted the claim nere
from year to year, at whatever expense to them-
selves, and however successfully, should at last
go to the Indians, and if the Indians were disposed
to pay them, they could do so, but that we would
wash our hands of it. Such a provision was in-
serted in an Indian appropriation bill three years
ago, I think, that no such moneys should be there-
after allowed to attorneys for Indian claims. I
believe it would have been infinitely more bene-
ficial for the Indians if Congress had required that
the compensation proposed to be allowed should
undergo the review, as provided for in this case,
of some responsible officer of the Government,
and that nothing should be allowed but what was
a reasonable compensation on taking proof, or
hearing the statements of the services performed
by the agent. .
I heard of a case the other day, which I will
mention to the Senate. Owing to the joint indus-
try of two or three agents, a large sum was allowed
by Congress, in the end, upon an Indian claim,
which was supposed at first to have no foundation.
The agents, by persevering from year to year,
searching up old documents and papers of pay-
ments and former settled accounts, satisfied both
branches of Congress to such a degree, that there
was but very little opposition to the claim in the
end, and a large amount of money was given to
that Indian tribe. One of the agents had a power
of attorney from the Indians in council, as in this
case, to pay him $40,000 for his services. The
provision alluded to by the Senator from Michi-
gan was added to an Indian appropriation bill,
and he was thereby prevented from obtaining the
money out of the Treasury. What then did he
do? He went to the place where these sums of
money were to be paid to the Indians per capita.
He associated with them. He appealed to their
pride and their sense of honor; because it seems
that the Indians generally, are very sensitive upon
the subject of complying with whatever they con-
tract to do, and have deliberately agreed upon.
By that means he was enabled to get every cent
from the Indians. Perhaps the expenses to him
in effecting the object were very considerable; but
he realized a large portion of the sum originally
agreed to be paid to him. If we had had a pro-
vision that such a claim should undergo investiga-
tion by some proper officer of the Government, it
would have been more beneficial to the attorney
of the Indians, and to the Indians themselves; and
probably he would not have been allowed more
than one third, possibly not more than one fourth
of what the Indians actually paid him.
Members of Congress know these agents; they
are very often annoyed by them; but those who
have had any particular experience in relation to
Indian affairs, as well as other branches of the
service, know that it is very often by their indus-
try that claims arebroughtto light and established
upon a foundation proved to be irrefutable. There
may be cases, perhaps, of an injury done, where
the parties have been compelled to submit to it for,
perhaps, a quarter of a century, and we are finally
astonished ourselves at the developments which
are made. They show what might have been
done if we had had committees who had time to
examine them originally. The fact is, however,
that committees have not time to investigate and
go into those old archives and papers. They act
fairly and honestly, and with due fidelity, but it
is not in their power, either physically or men-
tally, to make the inquiries necessary in all these
: cases. The agents bring up the documents and
proofs, in many cases, that are well founded; and
in many, no doubt, that have no foundation.
Sometimes, possibly by fraud, and perjury, and
subornation of perjury, claims are allowed here—
1 am not speaking particularly in relation to the
Indians, but also of other branches of the service—
which have no foundation in fact. That exists,
however, in all countries, and m all Governments,
and even courts of justice are not exempt from
such things. It depends upon the fidelity and
vigilance with which causes are investigated in
courts of justice, whether justice be done at last,
The parties, very often ignorant men, are made
the victims of injustice, because they have not the
management to present their own cases fairly to
