1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
701
the court; and so it is here. This case presents
an illustration of it.
The gentleman who is named in the amendment
wag the man who brought forward and presented
first to the Committee on Indian Affairs of the
Senate, of which, I believe, I was then a member,
the grounds upon which the Menomonees had, as
he alleged, a just claim against the Government.
1 think I spent some hours with him in tracing
out the boundaries of the lands which had been
ceded by those Indians to the Government by
various treaties—red lines, yellow lines, black
lines, and dotted lines. This gentleman was
most earnest and importunate, and seemed to be
thoroughly convinced himself that injustice had
been done to the Menomonees, and that they had
a claim on the Government for a valuable portion
of territory of which the United States had had
the benefit, and had included within their treaties,
tout which was not intended to be included, and
was not really included within the strict terms
of the treaties. 1 state the claim from memory
now, for it is some years ago since it was first
presented. I resisted it. I think he convinced a
majority of the committee that he was right; but
he did not convince me. It was a claim for some
hundreds of thousands of dollars, and my recol-
lection is that I opposed it m the Senate in debate,
and caused the defeat of the claim. It seems that
he persevered, not only with the committee, but
with the Executive Government, until he actually
convinced the proper Department that the Indians
had been injured, and he induced a new treaty to
be made, by which they received from one hun-
dred and fifty thousand to two hundred thousand
dollars additional compensation for former ces-
sions, for which I considered, after my investiga-
tion, they had been fully compensated.
i know this gentleman was a very active, indus-
trious, and faithful agent of the Indians. He took
a great deal pains to present the case. I have had
no communication with him on the subject since
that time to my remembrance. The circum-
stance to which I have alluded occurred three or
four years ago. Since that time he has arrayed
such facts and such arguments, and brought such
influences to bear (proper ones no doubt) on the
Indian Department, as to induce the making of a
treaty giving the additional compensation, to which
1 have alluded, for lands which they said they had
never ceded, but which the Government claimed,
sold, and converted into money, and placed the
proceeds in the Treasury. There were other cir-
cumstances, I believe, which intervened. The
Menomonees were m circumstances which excited
somewhat the sympathy of all those who inquired
into them. They had my own sympathy. I stated
then that I was willing to grant them, as a gratu-
ity, a reasonable amount if the State of Wiscon-
sin would give them a territory on which they
could reside, but that I would not recognize their
claim under tins past treaty. Nevertheless, what
was finally done by the Government grew out of
that first investigation. There was at least a plausi-
ble ground on which to maintain that the Indians
had been wronged; and when the question came
up under the treaty, 1 had nothing more to say
about it; I was willing that compensation should
be made them.
As I have already stated, I have had no com-
munication with this gentleman; but it seems to
me that this proposition is made in the very best
form that it could be. Still, I concur with the
honorable Senator from Michigan that, m general,
the head of the Indian Department is the proper
person to investigate such matters. In this case,
however, the head of the Indian Department has
taken ground of positive opposition. He not
only discourages, but denounces this as an un-
founded claim. I do not know enough about it to
understand all the grounds on which the head of
the Indian Bureau or the Secretary of the Interior
proceeds m thus stating his objections. His op-
position may be well founded for anything that 1
know. I do not pretend to say that there may
not be something in the case of which I have
never heard; becpuse,since it was before the Sen-
ate on a former occasion, at the time to which I
ailude, I have never heard anything about it,
except that a treaty was concluded makinga large
allowance to the Indians. Now, I do say, from
my knowledge of the subject originally, that this
gentleman was at the bottom of the investigation
which was instituted by Congress,and before the
Departments, to show that these Indians ought to
have a liberal provision, going beyond the mere
gratuity which I stated at one time 1 was willing
to grant them, independent of any supposed wrong
which was done them in taking more lands under
their treaties than they considered had been fairly
ceded.
I submit these views, to show that I feel under
these circumstances, that neither the Government
nor the Indians could do better than refer the
claim to this officer. If it be not done, this gen-
tleman will be at the expense and trouble of
going among the Indian chiefs and those who
have influence and authority with the Menomo-
nees, and he will be very likely to have his claim
allowed after some time, and to receive a great
deal more than the First Comptroller of the Treas-
ury would allow him. If this were the proper
occasion, I would suggest that some provision
should be made bylaw that, in all such cases the
allowance to agents, who prosecute these claims,
and succeed in them, should be revised by some
officer of the Government. In this mode, justice
would be done to the Indians, to the agents, and
to the public. The very circumstance stated by
the honorable Senator from Michigan, shows
that the public gam nothing by the course which
has been adopted, prohibiting any payment from
the Treasury to the agents, but the Indians are
in jured by it—for such is ihe character and nature
of the Indians, in the condition in which they are
in this country, that, as he has stated, they can
be prevailed upon to agree to almost any thing
when the influence of agents and traders is
brought to bear on them. Wedonotthen protect
the Indians by rejecting the amendment; but we
protect them by adopting it, and we do no injus-
tice to the agent. 1 have made these remarks,
because it has been my opinion that, even if ihis
amendment be adopted, some separate provision
ought to be made of thegeneral description which
I now suggest.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I feel much
disposed to vote in favor of this proposition, and
on account chiefly of the very otficer to whom the
reference is proposed to be made. The case, as
I understand, stands thus: This party, against
whom the Commissioner of Indian Affairs has
expressed his opinion, appeals to Congiess and
desues that an appropriation shall be made upon
the memoual of the Indians themselves, in his
favor. He desires that an appropriation may be
made in his behalf to pay him his claim. The
Indians themselves ask it—those who are inter-
ested. It is contended that we should decide the
question upon the opinion of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs; but the party has appealed to us.
The proposition of the Senator from Michigan,
is to refer the matter back again to the Indian De-
partment that has already expressed an opinion
against it. The amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi is to refer it to the first comptroller
of the Treasury, a gentleman who was never sus-
pected of intentional error in any case; a man who
has had more experience in reference to claims
upon this Government than any other living man;
a man, who, for more than twenty years, occu-
pied the high position of chairman of the Com-
mittee on Claims in the other House, and was
always regarded as one of the best and ablest
guardians of the Treasury that this Government
ever had—a man who has been distinguished in
the position which he now occupies, by laborious
application to the duties of his office, by the
thorough investigation of every claim that has
ever been presented to him, and by a character
for integrity which never has been exceeded. I
would refer this, or any other vexed question, to
him with perfect confidence. I do not see how
an abler tribunal could be named.
Well, sir, you are bound either to investigate
the question yourselves, to decide upon the
merits of it here; or to refer it to some one who
has not prejudged it. It seems to me that, m com-
mon justice, the party applying here for relief
hastfie right to ask that of you. Why will you
refer the question back where it has been already
decided against the claimants ? Is there anything
in the allegation made here to-day, to show us
that the claim is fraudulent; that the Indians were
made drunk, and signed the memorial; and that
they have applied here for the relief of this party
under any improper influences? Is there any
exhibition of fraud ? None whatever. Now, I
do not choose to judge it, as no committee has
decided it, but to send it to as able a man as we
can possibly refer it to, and that is the First
Comptroller of the Treasury.
Mr. WELLER. I wish to ask the Senator
from Delaware this question: Why it is that this
account is not referred to the Comptroller who
has charge of all Indian accounts ? This is not
properly the duty of the First Comptroller, but it
is the duty of Mr. Brodhead, who is Second
Comptroller, and, as such, has charge of all the
Indian accounts. Why, then, is it not proposed
to refer the claim to him? I think he is quite
as honest a man, in every respect, as the First
Comptroller of the Treasury. For myself, I
entertain a better opinion of him than I do of the
First Comptroller.
Mr. BROWN. As I introduced the amend-
ment, the answer to the question of the Senator
from California should more pioperly come from
me. Mr. Whittlesey was selected, as I have said
from the outset, because he was supposed to be
the most stringent accountant under the Govern-
ment, the one who would look most closely and
rigidly into the accounts. If the Senate think any-
body else should be preferred to Mr. Whittlesey,
I shall certainly make no objection; nor do I sup-
pose the claimant in this case would. What he
wants to do, and what I think he is right in ask-
ing, is to take his claim out of the hands of a man
who has prejudged it; and he has asked to put it
into the hands of that officer who on all sides is
conceded to be the most rigid and close for what
he supposes to be the interests of the Government.
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, Mr. President, the
Senator from Mississippi has represented exactly
my own view in regard to that matter. I prefer
the First Comptroller of the Treasury because I
know the man, because the past history of this
country shows that he has guarded the Treasury
better against private claims than any other man
in office. Will any one deny that, as chairman of
the Committee on Claims in the other House, and
as First Comptroller of the Treasury, he has
saved millions to the Treasury? 1 rely upon it,
if there is anything rotten or wrong in this claim,
if it be referred to that man, it will be shown and
exposed. There is no influence under Heaven
that could make him decide against what he
knows to be right. I trust him, sir.
Mr. PETTiT. Mr. President, I see no reason
why this amendment should not be adopted; but,
i if 1 had time, I could state many reasons why it
I should be agreed to. I am not disposed, sir, to
charge corruption, weakness, or imbecility, upon
any officer of the-Government, especially the Sec-
retary of the Interior, or the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs; but allow me to say that, in my
judgment, all bias, or all prejudice, even though
very illy-founded, is not corruption; nor is bias
positively evidence of corruption. That the best
of men may be biased and prejudiced against
claims and against individuals, without a corrupt
motive, and without a corrupt intention, 1 enter-
tain no doubt. I am constrained to say, on a full
examination of this case, that I fear, at least, that
strong bias does exist, whether known or not,
against doing this individual justice.
Mr. President, corrupt and wrong resorts have
been referred to. The suggestion has been thrown
out that the Indians may possibly have been
made intoxicated to procure contracts or assign-
ments from them—that corrupting and debasing
influences may have been resorted to. So far as
these remarks apply to this gentleman, I take
pleasure m saying that they will not mar the fair
proportions of his honest, and honorable, and
upright character. The gentleman whose claim
is under consideration, is not my political friend;
he is averse to me; we have no political sympa-
thies in common; but I take great pleasure m say-
ing to the Senate, that f know no man of more
high, more pure, more honest, or more upright
intentions and motives. In this respect he will
well compare with the Commissioner of the In-
dian Office. I intend to make no invidious dis-
tinctions, when I say that his character is as pure
and as far above reproach as the character of that
officer, and I will say that it would be paying him
but a poor compliment to assert that his capacity
was equal to his, at any rate.
Now, sir, a singular state of things exists in
this country, and especially under the control of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. I do not
