1855.
financial duties, or capacity, under the Govern-
ment. The Commissioner of Indian Affairs pre-
judged the case, for a reason which 1 will state:
When Mr. Thompson, on the 4th of October last,
went out to see these Indians, and called thecoun-
cil of which I have spoken, not only did every
Indian chief and headman sign the memorial to
the President for the retention and payment of
this money, but it was witnessed by the Indian
agent, by all their interpreters, by a dozen men of
respectability, credit, and standing, and certified
to by the interpreters, that it was done with their
knowledge, approbation, and assent, it being fully
explained, to, and fully understood by, every one
of them. Duplicates of that memorial w£re made
out at the instance of the Indians. One was given
to Mr. Thompson, who brought it here. The
other was retained by them, to be presented to the
Superintendent of Indian affairs, when he should
go there^ and the Indians were to request him to
send u to their Great Father, as their " talk/' as
their wish, as their will in the case. What was
done? And how is it that Mr. Manypenny
comes so readily to prejudge this question? In-
stead of the superintendent sending on the original
paper, signed, and attested, and certified to by all
these men, what did he do? He made a copy of
the body of the instrument, and signed the marks
of the Indians' name, without a certificate, with-
out a witness, without an explanation at all, and
you might readily be led to believe, from that
alone, that it was a nudum pactum, or that it was
fraudulently obtained; but it was a fraud upon
moral honesty, to have done so gross and villain-
ous an act. That paper was communicated first
to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and he took
it for granted, as you would, and as I would,
knowing no moreabout it, that it was a fraudulent
transaction, a fabrication, a foundationless exist-
ence, and therefore he has used the strong terms
which he has employed against this claim in 1ns
report. He having prejudged the case, what does
Mr. Thompson ask, and what does the amend-
ment propose? It does not propose that the First
Comptroller, Mr. Whittlesey, shall allow to him,
or audit to him, the amount of his contract or
agreement; but it simply says he shall examine it,
and shall allow such sum as he thinks just, right,
and proper. That is all that is asked.
You commit it, then, to the most faithful guar-
dian of the Treasury, as everybody says, that has
ever been here. Does this man ask of you any-
thing wrong? He has served this Indian tribe,
that nature, at least, has said have as good a right
to contract as any other organized political body;
but we, their guardians, have seen fit to say to
them: " youshallcontractwith noone;tUough you
may starve, though the winter's inclement season
may be over you without a hovel, without a
blanket, or provisions; you must lie down and
die, rather than pledge what is coming to you the
next year, and if you do so, we will not pay it."
It is no more and no less than fixing an immediate
and early grave for those for whom we profess to
be acting as guardians and protectors. Nay, sir,
according to the doctrine for which some contend,
these Indians cannot employ an attorney or a
counselor! A treaty maybe made here at Wash-
ington, by men without authority, happening in
the city, who may be induced to sign under a
pretence that they are mere witnesses; but when
the document is examined, their signatures are j
found to a treaty granting away their interest, and
that is to be submitted to the Senate. The tribe
learn at home what has happened to them; they
appoint a new deputation, and they employ a man
in whom they have confidence to come here and
explain their wants, and rights, and interests. He
accomplishes that object; he asks to be paid out
of their funds; the chiefs, every one of them, ask
that he shall he so paid; but the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs says: " No; you should have left
it all with me; I would not have done more than
cheated you out of all you have, and you should
have left it to me."
Mr. President, I have no sympathy with that
mock philanthropy which pretends to protect the
red man of the forest, but which wouid crush and
rob the white man of the clearings. I would do
no wrong to the red man; and I would, least of
all, wh:le I was pretending to civilize, to chris-
tianize, and to elevate him to the standard of the
white man, teach him first to be a robber, a knave,
a swindler, and an ingrate, as our Government
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tj does by its policy. It does nothing less. It
throws the Indians into jeopardy, into calamity,
into danger at least, from which they cannot extri-
cate themselves but by the employment of some
friendly aid and counsel. That being done, these
guardians of the Indians say, " there is no impe-
rious necessity for paying it, though the service
may be rendered; and though we want to chris-
tianize them, we will teach the Indians to repu-
diate their debts and liabilities, and say they shall
not pay for the services of those who have be-
friended them." You hold out to them with the
one hand elevation to the morality of the white
man, and in the other you hold out to them deceit,
lying,fraud, cheating, and villany,in every form.
You speak to them with the voice of Jacob while
you givethem the hairy hand of Esau. Sir, what
morals can you expect from such teachings? More
than one chief have I myself seen in this city
within the last year, with his he;«.d hanging in
shame, feeling mortified, chagrined, and abased
to the earth, that he could not pay the just liabil-
ities of his tribe. Why, what does he say ?
" The chiefs all desire him to be paid; the Indians
came into the council with us and directed us to
pay it; but the moment you pay out the money
per capita the wild Indians, who know nothing
j about it, grab their money in hand, and the first
' thing we hear is, that they are in some whisky-
shop setting rid of it." Tnat is the way these
I wards of the guardian get along, instead of being
! honestly made to pay their debts.
Would these Indians have ever got a dollar of
the$242,000, but for the exertions of Mr. Thomp-
son? I say they would not; and yet our Com-
missioner tells you he has rendered them no ser-
vice. Is that Commissioner mad because he has :
been shamed into doing something like justice ;
and ri^ht—because the Senate, upon the recom- j
mendatiun of their committee, the facts and justice i
of the case being shown to them by Mr. Thomp-
son, increased the sum of $I5UsOOO to $242,000
against the Commissioner's will?
But, sir, there was another case in regard to
another tribe, which took very much the same
1 direction, and this gentleman was interested in it.
I I refer to the case of the Ohio Sim wnees. On their
| removal, by a treaty made in 1831, there was stip-
j ulated and secured to them about $66,000. It had
| been reported from this guaidian to his ward,
i over and over again, from the Indian Department,
! during the interval, that there was no money due
| them. Application after application had been made
; by their chiefs here, and the universal response
j was, "no money is due you; go away " The
j Indians finally employed Mr. Thompson. He
I hunted up the records; he showed that the sum
! of $66,000 was justly due those Indians by the
treaty. He shamed the Senate and the House of
Representatives into paying it. He could not
shame the Indian Bureau, for they wsre the guar-
dians; they had the wards* money; I do not know
how they were using it; I do not pretend to say.
We were shamed out of it. It was made as plain
as any debt from A was ever made out in a court
of justice to B, that the money was due. A law :
was accordingly passed, in the spring of 1853, ;
authorizing and directing it to be paid. What1
next? Mr. Thompson wanted to get his pay for i
having dug out of the grave, as it were, this !
claim; for having made for this band of Shaw- ;■
nees $,66,000. Without nauseating gentlemen's ij
stomachs with detailing all the facts, I will simply j:
state that every obstacle which the Indian Depart-
ment of this Government could throw in the way, i!
every obstacle which they could arrange or man-'!
ufacture to defeat, and delay, and prevent pay-Ij
ment, was resorted to. The same story was then i
told to the Indians as is told in this report: " He |
has rendered you no service; you ought not to pay
him." The Indians were expressly told that the j
money which Thompson had secured to them, |
which he had shamed us into paying, was sent in ;j
consequence of their Great Father having learned i
that they were on the borders in distress, and suf- j
fenng; that it was a gratuity; and that they must j
spend it for their wives and children. That was !
the story of the guardian, to hide, to hoodwink !;
from the Indians the fact that their attorney had |i
brought the claim to light. i:
Sir, I hope this amendment will be adopted. I
should be glad if a more direct money appropria-
tion were made equal to the contract. The In-
dians have received value for it. The $242,000
have been obtained by virtue of his labor. They
ought to have had $613,000. He is not to blame
that they did not get it, but he should be paid pro
tanto forwhathe has got for them. In referring
this matter for investigation to such a man as Mr.
Whittlesey, sure am I that no wrong, no injustice
can be done the Government, and nothing but
sheer, close-fisted justice will be done Mr. Thomp-
son.
Mr. BAYARD. The more I have heard in the
discussion of this amendment, the more objection-
able does it seem to me. Of course I am not cog-
nizant of the facts stated by the honorable Senator
from Indiana. He may be mistaken in none of
them. I do not mean to enter into them at all;
though we have had a feeble disclaimer of any
intention to attack a statement of facts which, if
they be true, if there be no mistake, if they can
be established in the bold and unhesitating man-
ner asserted by the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana, would call for a motion to impeach the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs* Sir, I am not willing
to believe that the officers of this Government*
when Mr. Medill was Commissioner, negociated
a fraudulent treaty with those Indians, and that
subsequently there has been one uninterrupted
series of frauds and persecutions against them,
from which this very extraordinary agent on the
partof the Indians from mere motives of humanity
could alone protect them, while the whole Gov-
ernment, in its Indian Department, was arraying
itself for the purpose of defrauding them. 1 am
not willing to believe this, at least not unless the
Committee on Indian Affairs will investigate the
facts and give us a report. But what does the
chairman tell us? He tells us that the committee
have not agreed to this amendment. And is it so,
that a case so glaring exists, that a wrong so
great has been perpetrated, and that, it coming
before the Senate of the United States, they suffer
it to sleep quiescently, and leave it to individual
members to notify us of the facts? The officers of
the Government connected with this matter, I do
not even personally know. I have had no com-
munion with them of any kind. But they are
undefended herejand it does seem to me that with-
out something like the arraignment of a court, it
is going very far indeed, under feeble disclaimers,
to attack the characters and reputation of men to
the extent they are attacked in this case, merely
to pass a private claim.
1 come, however J to my objection, which I con-
sider perfectly satisfactory, to the amendment.
The claim agents for the^Indians—who I sup-
pose, stand on the same footing as claim agents
for other parties who have a claim upon the Treas-
ury here—these attorneys, or counsel for thft
Indians under the law as itformerly existed, were
found to have taken so many advantages of them,
and the evil had become so great, that during th&
last Congress you came to the conclusion by a
positive, general law, that you would no longer
ratify this species of contracts, and permit pay-
ments to be made on an authority of that kind;
that you would make your payment to the In-
dians as the least evil of the two, but, that you,
would wash the hands of the Government clear of
any such matters as this. What is the present
proposition? It is, within two years after the
general law was passed, founded upon a general
evil, existing far years, to reheal it in the indi-
vidual case by ratifying this arrangement between
the Indians and their agent, and referringit to one
of your officers to decide on the question. The
First Comptroller of theTreasury has no particular
knowledge of the Indians. It is incompatible with
his duties. The First Comptroller of theTreasury
is put there to guard the interests of the'United
States, to auditaccounts against theUnited States,
not to settle questions between Indians and their
attorney, or agents; and yet that is the question
which is now sought to be referred to him. Why
withdraw it from the Indian Department at all,
except on the ground of misconduct on the part
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs?
But my objection goes to the whole basis of the
amendment. It is this: Under no circumstances,
whether the party is agent or attorney of Indians
as the claimants against the Government, or the
agent or attorney of a white man as a claimant
against the Government, will I agree to stimulate
the system of claim agency which exists, by the
Government interfering to secure the payment of
an award between the agent and the client. W e
