704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13.
have nothing to do with it. We ought to leave
the party to settle with the Indians themselves.
You would not hesitate in any other case. A
party might come forward and represent to you
the value of theservices which he had rendered in
advocating a claim for any other white claimants
upon the Government; he had succeeded, he might
show you, in procuring for them millions of dollars
they would not otherwise have received; but if he
-asked you for a special law to refer the account
between him and his clients to a Treasury officer,
to decide how much should be paid to him, you
would scout it at onee. For what reason will
you adopt it here, when you determined not two
years ago that you would not interfere, but would
leave the parties to get their contracts with the
Indians the best way they could ? That is the
trueprinciple. You will, by legislation inthisspe-
cific case, as it seems to me, be literally repealing
the law before it has been two years in operation.
On that ground, and that alone, for I have nothing
to do with that particular case, I would oppose it.
I will never agree that the Government of the
United States shall, by its act of legislation, stim-
ulate this class of agents, be they representatives
of Indians or of other claimants upon the Gov-
ernment, by securing to them the emoluments
they expect to derive from the increased amount
they get out of the Government. What an ab-
surd state of things would it present? Claims
exist against the Government of the United States,
no matter who are the claimants, and not satisfied
that those claims will be properly represented,
and the full allowance made, the effect of this
precedent will be, that the Government shall
stimulate every attorney, every agent, through-
out the country, to hunt up old claims, to exag-
gerate the amount of every claim, and to obtain
the utmost possible amount of the Treasury, by
interfering for the purpose of securing the emolu-
ment between him and his clients. Sir, I would
leave to him to settle it with them, be they Indians
or white men. I would not interfere under any
circumstances. On this ground, I shall never
vote for any amendment that embodies the principle
I think this does.
Mr. CHASE. It so happened, Mr. President,
that I was not in my seat when the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Pettit] commenced his speech,
and only heard his concluding observations. I
infer, however, from the tenoi? of his remarks,
and from what has fallen from the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] that he thought proper
to arraign the official conduct, and to impeach the
Fersonal integrity of a former Commissioner of
ndian Affairs, and also of the present Commis-
sioner, (Messrs. Medill and Manypenny.)
Both these gentlemen are citizens of the State
which I in part represent. Both are well known
to me, and for both, though unable to concur with
them as to the course of political action which the
times require of sincere adherents of the Demo-
cratic faith, I cherish sentiments of unfeigned
esteem and respect. I should be wanting to my
own sense of what is just and becoming, were I
to suffer any imputation upon these gentlemen,
made in this Chamber, to pass unnoticed. The
former Commissioner (Colonel Medill) has been
long known and honored in Ohio. Many years
since, while yet a young man, he served in her
State Legislature with ability and credit. Trans-
ferred by the suffrages of those who knew him
best, the people of his congressional district, to
the House of Representatives, he performed the
duties of his new station with fidelity and zeal.
Under the administration of Mr. Polk, he became
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and discharged
tne duties of that responsible office with eminent
advantage to the country, declining no labor and
no responsibility necessary to the public good.
Returning to Ohio, after the accession ot President
Taylor, he was called on to preside over the State
Convention for forming a new constitution. He
has since been chosen, first, Lieutenant Governor,
and afterwards Governor, of the State, by the
suffrages of the people, and is now the candidate
of his party for reelection to the same high office.
These repeated marks of public confidence; these
successive verdicts of the people attesting his
capacity, integrity, and worth, may well stand
as his ample and complete defense against any
charges made in debate here, without the sanction
of any report, and altogether unsustained by
proof.
Of the present Commissioner, Colonel Many-
penny, I need say less, because he is better known
to the Senators who now occupy these seats. But
he, too, has held high office in the great State from
which we both come, and has been distinguished
by successive marks of public confidence. For
thS importantoffice which ne now fills, he furnishes
peculiar qualifications, in his intelligence, firm-
ness, and patience. His integrity no man doubts
who knows him. Prom his childhood up to this
hour no stain has ever attached to his character.
The interests of the Government and the interests
of the Indians are alike safe m his hands. I ven-
ture to say, that the rights of the Government ever
have been, and ever will be, faithfully maintained
by him; and that he has guarded, and guards, the
rights of the humblest Indian as sacredly as those
of the Government itself.
But, Mr. President, 1 have said enough. It is
not my purpose to discuss, at all, the merits of
the particular proposition before the Senate, but
to vindicate the characters of two distinguished
citizens of my State, who have, in my judgment,
been unjustly assailed. Having performed this
duty, 1 leave the debate upon the pending amend-
ment to other Senators.
Mr. WELLER. I do not mean to take part
in this discussion; but I merely rise for the pur-
pose of indorsing every word that has just been
uttered by the Senator from Ohio. I have known
both of those gentlemen for fifteen years; and I
undertake to say that there are not more honora-
ble, more honest, and incorruptible men to be
found in the United States than those two gentle-
men who have been arraigned here to-day by the
Senator from Indiana.
Mr. BROWN. Just in this connection, with-
out discussing this point, allow me to say, that I
did not understand the Senator from Indiana, who
happens, at this moment to be out of his seat, as
arraigning the honor, or integrity of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs. I understood him as
saying that that gentlemanlike many others, wa^
prejudiced in this case, possibly without his own
knowledge. Then he went on to show from data
which he gave, that he was so prejudiced, with-
out at all arraigning his integrity or honor. But
my friend from Indiana is now in his place; and
he is quite competent to defend himself.
Mr. PETTIT. I do not know what has
called out these remarks. 1 did not, certainly,
directly impugn the integrity or honorofthe Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, or any other officer.
1 said, in the beginning, that all prejudice or bias
was not corruption; and that I would fain believe
that none did exist here, but that I did believe a
bias, and an improper one, did exist. Therefore, I
attributed it to no wrong motive, no corruption of
the heart at all. Then, sir, I went on to refer to
the making of this treaty—the making of it se-
cretly. For my remarks, 1 hold myself respon-
sible to establish them. To pay $150,000,in order
to get rid of $613,000, and the treaty to be made
in secret, without the aid of agents, advisers, or
other chosen counselors, was wrong. I said
that. I do not know that it savored of corrup-
tion. It was the action, perhaps, of a guardian,
who thought it was best to treat with his ward in
secret, and have it all to himself. It is altogether
likely it was. But, I said, further, that in any
contest that could be brought upas between these
two gentlemen — the claimant, Mr. Thompson,
and the Indian Commissioner—it would be no
compliment to the former to place him in as high
and elevated a position, morally, socially, honor-
ably, and intellectually, as the latter. Yet, I have
said nothing to impugn the moral integrity of the
Commissioner.
Mr. WELLER. I certainly think that the
whole tenor of the remarks of the Senator from
Indiana was calculated to produce the impression
that those two Commissioners on Indian affairs
(Messrs. Medill and Manypenny) had defrauded
the Indians. The chaige was a direct and une-
quivocal one, if I can comprehend the English lan-
guage; and I say, sir, that, if the statements made
by that Senator are susceptible of proof, the pres-
ent Commissioner ought not only to be kicked out
of the office which he now holds, but he ought to
be expelled from all respectable society. If I had
the testimony in my possession to show that any
public officer of this Government had been guilty
of fraud, that he had swindled these Indians, by
making midnight treaties with them, I should feel
it my duty to move an impeachment of that pub-
lic officer.
Mr. PETTIT* If I used the term " midnight,"
I did not mean, literally, that it was actually done
at twelve o'clock in the night, between dark and
daylight. I meant to infer by that, figuratively,
that it was a secret and closed treaty.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, the Senator
went further than that. The crime does not con-
sist in the fact that the treaty had been made at
the hour of midnight; but it. was in the fact that
that public officer, claiming to be the guardian of
the Indians, had swindled them out of their prop-
erty. The same charge is made by this agent in
his letter to the Indians. It is printed in the pub-
lic documents which are lying upon our tables;
and in it he says that Commissioner Medill "had
cheated the Indians" out of their just demands. I
speak of the agent Thompson—the very agent
whose claim is now presented here. The Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Stcakt] has the report
upon his table; and that letter can be read, in
which this agent tells the Indians that Commis-
sioner Medill, the representative of their great
father, has cheated them out of their just de-
mands! Now, Mr. President, I undertake to say
that, if the Senator from Indiana will move an
investigation, he will find that those commission-
ers are clear of all the charges and imputations
that he has sought to make against their charac-
ter. Sir, if they were true, as an American Sen-
ator, he owes it, in my judgment, to the public to
establish their truth, and let them be expelled
from their offices.
Mr. PETTIT. That is the business of the
House of Representatives, not mine.
Mr. WELLER. The business of the House
of Representatives ! The Senator from Indiana
has influence in that House, sir; and if he is pre-
pared to sustain his charges, I will join any
influence that I may have in procuring the im-
peachment of the present incumbent. I will go
for giving him an ample opportunity of proving
the truth of any of the allegations that he has
made. In order to sustain the claim of this agent
against the Government for one third of $242,000,
he feels it necessary to assail the private integrity
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs. It seema
to me that, if the claim had been so just and fair
a one, there was another way of obtaining its
payment than by sacrificing the integrity of the
public officer. I am not the apologist of the Com-
missioner. If he is guilty of the offences charged
against him, let him suffer the consequences. I
do not seek to shield him; but, I tell the Senator
that those who have known him from boyhood
will require more than loud declamation to con-
vict him of dishonesty. With a reputation hith-
erto unsullied, he would, doubtless, if allowed to
speak, challenge investigation into these charges.
The amendment proposed by my friend from
Mississippi, selects the First Comptroller of the
Treasury as the only person who is competent, in
this great Government of ours, to pass upon the
claim of an Indian attorney. Why not, as I said
before, select that Comptroller who has charge of
the accounts connected with the Indian bureau ?
Why not select the Second Comptroller—aman of
high integrity, and of unimpeachable honesty, a
man of whom it cannot be said that he has the
Klightest bias against the claim of your agent?
Why jump him? Is there but one honest man
connected with the administration of your Govern-
ment? Is there but one solitary individual who
can safely be trusted in passing upon the claim
of an Indian attorney? Mr. President, you will
allow me to say that I do not think this Govern-
ment would necessarily stop if the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury was turned out of office. I
do not believe that the time has yet come when
this Government necessarily requires the services
of any particular individual in order to carry on
its operations. If, sir, it could not dispense with
his services, the day may come when he will die.
Then, the Government, I suppose, will have to
stop! Now, sir, I confess I may have my pre-
judices against that person. I have expressed my
opinion, m times past, very fearlessly in regard
to his conduct; and I undertake to say that I
would no sooner rely upon his judgment, or upon
his integrity, than on thevarious other Comptrol-
lers who are connected with the Executive branch
of the Treasury Department. You will allow
me also to say, in passing, that the public would,
