708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
be withdrawn. The bill on which I ask action
merely proposes to change the name of a vessel,
and to issue to her a new register.
Mr. ASHE. This day has been set apart for
naval business, which has been accumulatiKg for
a long while, and it will all be needed. I must
object to the gentleman's proposition.
DISCIPLINE IN THE NAVY.
The SPEAKER. Reports are iu order from
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BOCOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am instructed
by the Committee on Naval Affairs to report back
House bill (No. 563) to provide a more efficient
discipline for the Navy.
The bill was introduced by myself, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs. It has been
read a first and second time, and I now propose
that it be read through for information, and put on
its passage.
The Clerk read the bill in extenso. It directs
the manner of enlistment, discharge, and tempo-
rary leave of absence and liberty on shore*, and
also provides for summary courts-martml upon
petty officers, and persons of inferior ratings, and
the kind and extent of punishment.
Mr. BOCOCK. Now, at the commencement
of the day, I think proper to say that I feel very
much obliged to the House for the courtesy they
have shown in setting apart this day for the
consideration of business reported by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. For my part, I intend
to do everything to deserve this courtesy at their
hands. Although the position I occupy, as the
head of the .Committee on Naval Affairs, may
require me to be frequently before the House, 1
here now, at the commencement, pledge myself
in advance that I shall not take up the time of the
House one moment when I do not believe it to be
absolutely necessary for me to do so. And I
trust that gentlemen will believe me to be sincere
when I say that I mean to consult the temper of
the {louse, and their disposition, in the progress
of this business, so far as I can consistently with
the great object which I have in view, which is
to have the business acted upon.
Gentlemen here may have subjects upon their
minds which they may wish to discuss for their
own pleasure, or for the purposeof being heard
by their constituents; but, sir, I appeal to them to
consider that this brief day is the only time that
we can hope to obtain for the transaction of the
important business we propose to bring up, while
they may bring up the subjects they propose to
discuss at some subsequent day of the session.
Mr. Speaker, there are three bills upon which I
desire the action of the House, in some form or
other, in the course of the day. One is the bill
now before the House, and which has just been
read; another is the bill recently sent us from the
Senate, entitled " A bill to increase the efficiency of
the Navy," which passed that body unanimously;
and the third i3 the bill reported a few days ago,
by the Committee on Naval Affairs, to authorize
the construction of seven additional sloops of war.
Unless we economize our time, and address our-
selves to this business in a business-like way, it
will be perfectly impossible for us to consider
properly all these bills, and I therefore again
earnestly appeal to the House to devote this entire
day to the consideration, in good faith, of these
proposition, and to discuss nothing irrelevant to
th°m.
Mr. Speaker, in relation to the bill under con-
sideiation, I think proper to say that I have not
yet heard the slightest objection to its passage.
If there be such objections, they have not come
to my ears. The bill has not been attacked in
the newspapers, nor in private circles, nor before
the public, nor anywhere else, so far as I know.
Therefore, unless some objection be made now,
after some brief explanatory remarks, I shall call
the previous question upon the passage of the
bill. In the course of those explanatory remarks,
if any gentleman desires to give or receive inform-
ation, I am quite willing to allow myself to be
interrupted, and to afford him five or ten minutes
of ray time, either to propound inquiries, or to
express His views upon any point in the bill.
Mr. PHELPS, i think the House understands
ihe bill already, and I hope the gentleman will call
the previous question at once.
Mr. BOCOCK. I will call it in .two minutes,
if w pne has any questions tg ask. I desire 19
say that there has been no general legislation
upon the subject of discipline in the Navy since
the year 1800. At that time our Navy was in its
infancy. The system then adopted may have
been the best for the exigencies of the time then
in existence; but, sir, this is an age of progress,
and half a century can have hardiy passed away
without some improvement having been ma-
tured.
It is true that one important measure respecting
the discipline of the Navy has been adopted since
1800. The right to punish by the lash has been
abolished. It was carried as an amendment to the
naval appropriation bill in 1850, and since that
time nothing has been provided in lieu thereof.
When, some two or three years ago, the punish-
ment by the lash was stricken out, the then Secre-
tary of the Navy called together aboard of the
most experienced officers of the Navy, to propose
the best measure of discipline for the Navy; and
tins bill comes up, in most particulars, to the rec-
ommendations then made. It contains, I believe,
but one or two features not then recommended;
one of which provides for punishing men who
entice enlisted seamen away from the naval ser-
vice. The district attorney for the southern dis-
trict of New York has suggested that there is no
such law now in existence, it remains for me to
add, that this bill, as I have reason to know,
meets the entire approval of the Secretary of the
Navy.
Mr. Speaker, having made what explanation f
deem necessary, and no gentleman having risen
to propound any inquiry, in accordance with the
notice 1 gave at the outset, I move the previous
question.
Mr. MILLSON. I ask my colleague to with-
draw the demand for a moment.
Mr. BOCOCK. 'I will, if my colleague desires
to ask a question.
Mr. TWEED. I renew the demand for the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Tweed] has not the floor for any such
purpose, *"
Mr. MILLSON. I rise merely to make an in-
quiry of my colleague, for he knows very well
that I am in favor of the bill now under consider-
ation. He knows that this bill is substantially
the same, or similar to one which I myself intro-
duced into the Thirty-Second Congress. There is,
however, one amendment which I would suggest
to my colleague, that he should amend, in the
sixth line of the seventh section, by inserting the
words " any one," so that it shall read " that
summary courts-martial may sentence petty officers
and persons of inferior ratings to any one of the
following punishments,M instead of " to the fol-
lowing punishment."
Mr. bOCOCK. That amendment is already
in the bill.
Mr. MILLSON. Ft is not in the printed bill.
Mr. BOCOCK. That is true; but it is in the
bill as now before ihe House.
Mr. MILLSON. There is another point to
which I wish to call theattention of my colleague.
I think he will agree with me, upon reflection,
that the bill as it now stands will authorize thedts-
charge of men from (he service of the Navy in a
foreign country. Now, I do not think the com-
mandant of any vessel should be allowed to dis-
charge a citizen of the United States, and leave
him to starve, perhaps, in a foreign country. J
would, therefore, suggest to my colleague to amend
the bill—I will not move the amendment myself—
by adding the words, " this sentence not to be
carried into effect in a foreign country."
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 will accept the amendment,
and I now move the previous question.
Mr. HAVEN. The amendment suggested by
the gentleman from Virginia seems to be very well.
1 suppose the House does not intend to take up
much time in discussing the bill, and I only desire
to say to it that, for one, I am ready to vote for
the bill, and to vote for it now.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time;and being engrossed, it was read
a third time, and passed.
Mr. BOCOCK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled a bill of the
following title; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Speaker:
A joint resolution authorizing the President of
the United States to confer the title of lieutenant-
general by brevet for eminent services.
EFFICIENCY OF THE NAVY.
Mr. BOCOCK. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to report back Senate bill
(No. 568) to promote the efficiency of the Navy,
with sundry amendments.
The bill was read,and is as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate und Home of Represent-
atives of the United Slates of America in Congress assem-
bled, That as soon as practicable, after the passage of Uns
act, the President of the United States rfjall cause a board
of naval officers to be assembled, to consist of five captains,
live commanders, and five lieutenants; winch hoard, under
such regulations os the Secretary of ihe Navy may pre-
scribe, shall make a careful examination into the efficiency
of the officers of the grades hereinafter mentioned, and
shall report to the Secretary of the Navy the names and
rank of all officers of the said grades who, in ihe judgment
of fc-aid board, shall be incapable of performing promptly
and efficiently all their dotv ashore and afloat; and vacan-
cies occurring in said board shall be filled by the Secretary
of the Navy, who shall preserve the number and grades of
lis officers, as aforesaid : Provided, That no officers upon
said board shall examine into, or report upon, the efficiency
of officers of a grade above them.
Skc.2. idi'd be Ufuither enacted, That all officers who
shall be lound by the said board incapable of performing the
duties of their respective offices, ranks, or grades, shall, if
such findu.g be approved by the President, be placed, in the
order oftUeir rank and seniority at the time, upon a list ill
the Navy Register, to be entitled the reserved hst; and they
shall receive the leave of-ab.-ence pay, or the furlough pay,
to which th«y may be entitled when so placed, and shall be
inelmibieto further promotion, but shall be subject to the
oulers of the N.ivy D< partment at all times for duty; and
vacancies created in the active-service hst, by placing offi-
cers on the reserved list, shall be filled by regular promo-
tion in the order of rank or seniority. And officers who
may be promoted to fill the vacancies created by the reser-
ved !isi shall, while unemployed, receive oniy the *' leave-
ol-abwence" or " waiting-orders'' pay to which they would
have been entitled if such promotion had not been made;
but when employed at sea, or on other duty, they shall re-
ceive, in addition to &noh " leave-of-absence" or " wait-
ing oiders" pay, the difference between the " wauing-
otders" orleave-of absence" pay, and the " sea or other
duly" pay of ihe grade to which they may be so promoted :
Provided, That this scrutiny at.d reservation of officers shall
extend only to the grades of captain, commander, lieuten-
ant, passed midshipmen, and masters: Jlnd provided fur-
ther, That nothing in this act contained i-Jiall be held or
construed to authorize any increase of the aggregate pay of
the satd grades, or of the naval service, as now allowed by
law.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That nothing in this
ad contained -hall be construed to restrict, apply to, or im-
pair tin! regular promotion of officers in the service hsr of
the Navy who may be at any time entitled to promotion
consequent upon deaths, dismissals, or resignations, nor in
any manner to abridge or impair the right ot the Secretary
of tiie Navy to place officers upon furlough.
Mr. BOCOCK. There are certain amendments
that have been proposed to this bill by the com-
mittee, and which have not been reported by the
Clerk. I propose now to make a few remarks in
explanation of the bill, and I will explain the
amendments as I proceed.
Mr GROW. I would like to ask the gentle-
man one question before he commences his re-
marks. Why is this examination restricted to
senior officers? Why is it not made general, to
apply to all grades of officers?
Mr. BOCOCK. The examination is restricted
only to officers of the line, amongst whom the
evils complained of exist to a greater extent than
ihey do among other offiers. It would be im-
practicable to extend the provision to some officers
—to pursers, for instance. In the course of the
remarks which I shall make—and they will be
very few—I shall, perhaps, make the matter more
intelligible to the gentleman than 1 have now
done.
The House is aware—or, at least, that portion
of it which has paid any attention to naval affairs
—that, for some years past, there has been an
opinion on the part of a great many persons, that
great, thorough, and searching refoim is necessary
in the personnel of the Navy. I am inclined to
think, Mr. Speaker, that there never was an
opinion better founded than that. There are a
great many men now upon the Navy Register of
the country, drawing their pay as Navy officers,
who ought not to be there. The question here-
tofore has been, how shall we get rid of them?
Well, sir, if you say that these men, not being
competent to the performance of duty, ought ta
