710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
lieu thereof," lowest sea service;" and this brings
me to explain the general operations of this bill.
I will commence with the grade of captain. In the
grade of captain there may be twenty men who
are incompetent for the discharge of their duties.
Yoa put them upon the reserved list, and you pro-
mote men from the grade of commander by brevet
to fill their places. They are not full captains. By
the provisions of this bill, commander!?, promoted
to fill the places of captains, receive, when out of
eervice, their leave-of-absence pay as commanders,
and not as captains. When they go into service
they receive, in addition to this ieave of-absence
pay, the difference between the leave-of-absence
pay, as captain, and the service-pay of the last
named grade, which differs according to the nature
of the service; but in any case the commander,
made captain by brevet, receives better pay while
in service than he would do as simple commander.
Mr. SOLLERS. Did the Committee on Naval
x Affairs a^ree to report this bill ?
Mr. BOCOCK. Yes, sir, they did, this morn-
ing, agree to report it with the amendments 1
have suggested. The operation of the bill, as it
came from the Senate, would not have made the
pay of lieutenants, raised by brevet (so to speak)
to be commanders, better than it is at present when
employed on shore duty. This was not intended.
To remedy it 1 have nropcsed to strike out the
words "or other duty," in lines twenty and twenty-
one, and say lowest sea-service pay." This
will moke the bill symmetrical on the question of
pay. This amendment designs to give lieuten-
ants, raised by brevet to be commanders, better
pay than they would have received by the pro-
visions of the bill as-it originally came from the
Senate, while it does not affect the pay in other
grades.
[Mr. Bococic here illustrated the operation of
the bill on the subject of pay by many examples
from the Navy Register.]
The next amendment is this: In line twenty-
four, after the word <( further," insert:
That all vacancies occurring in the grade of masters
shall be filled by the promotion of the senior passed mid-
shipman, to be entitled masters m the line of promotion,
who, when promoted, shall receive ths pay allowed by law
to masters ; that the number of masters in the line of pro-
motion shall not exceed sixty.
The present number of masters is thirty-five,
and a great number of passed-midshipmen dis-
charge the duties of masters, and receive pay as
such.
There is another section we propose to add,
providing that the present officers of the Navy
shall not be increased by this bill, it being; already
provided that the expenses of the naval service
shall not he increased by it. It is provided by
the amendment 1 have proposed, the number of
officers shall not be increased, even including those
upon the reserved list, so that the whole opera-
tion of the bill, as to number will be to change
the grade of those now authorized.
Take, for example, the grade of captain. Put
twenty of them upon the reserved list, and raise
twenty commanders by brevet in their stead.
Fill the vacancies thereby created by raising lieu-
tenants to be brevet commanders. The vacancies
in the grade of lieutenant are to be filled from the
masters, and those again are to be replaced by mid-
shipmen. But the numbers of midshipmen are to
be so diminished as that the whole number of
officers will not be increased by this bill.
I hope, now, this bill obviates all the difficulties
gentlemen have had about the retired list. There
is no retired list here. It does not recognize the
principle that any man is in the service under
pay, who is not liable to be called into duty. It
merely says that certain of them shall not be in
the line of promotion. This reserved list opens
the way, pro lanto, to the promotion of a number
of worthy men who now stand in lower grade.
1 wish I had time to show the operation of the
present system upon the promotion of those in
the lowest grade, and show the House at what age
it can be expected that a midshipman, as the law
now stands, can expect to reach the grade of com-
mander. They enter the naval service generally
at about the age of nineteen, and serve three years
at sea before examination, which makes them
twenty-two when they become passed midship-
men. They then serve about fifteen years as
midshipmen; which brings them to the age of
thirty-seven. Entering the rank of lieutenant at
thirty-six, they then, for the first time, have charge
of the watch at night, at a time of life, when their
active energies are already begun to wane. After
getting into the rank of lieutenant, they remain
there about twenty-five years, on the average, be-
fore they are promoted to the rank of commanders.
They*are then sixty-one years of age. Who of
them will ever live to be captain ?
If you expect to have spirit in your service, you
must give to the meritorious a fair chance to reach
the highest honors of his profession. When the
officer beholds a long, dusty, unchanging road
opening out interminably before him, his hope
sickens and dies, his energy is destroyed, the
spirit that should animate his corps is lost, and
he loiters along the way reckless of the future,
and careless about his own conduct, till, perhaps,
lie disgraces the service that he might otherwise
have adorned. This bill, without increasing the
expense, or adding one cfiicer to the Navy,
furnishes additional grades, makes promotion
quicker and more frequent, and gives the merito-
rious a fair chance to reach the grade of captain
at a reasonable period of life. It will thereby
quicken hope, increase energy, and arouse un-
flagging effort for distinction. I hope it will
pass.
Mr. SKELTON. As the bill came from the
committee of which I am a member, and has been
reported as the action of that committee, I think it
due to myself, and to the House, that I should be
heard briefly m regard to the merits of this meas-
ure.
It has been stated here that our Navy needs
reform, and that it is in a bad condition. I be-
lieve, sir, no person on this floor, or elsewhere,
will dispute the fact. The worthy chairman ot
the Committee on Naval Affairs has just shown
us there are many and great abuses which have
grown up in the Navy. Now, sir, we have here
a remedy submitted, which proposes to cure the
evils under which our Navy is suffering, to do
justice to the meritorious officers, and to ail
classes. I think we should ponder well before
we adopt this remedy. We should hesitate before
we take this step. I look upon this measure as
one of too much importance to be passed by,
either in silence or without investigation.
What are the causes which have led to these
evils complained of? Let us in this case, as we
propose to correct the evils, look at the cause of
them, and perhaps we shall derive some liaht
as to the best way of treating them. Having
ascertained the cause, we shall be able to judge of
the efficiency and propriety of the means proposed
to remedy the evils.
Now, sir, I do not believe that this bill is based
upon a thorough examination and investigation of
the causes of the mischiefs, nor do 1 believe these
measures are calculated to accomplish the objects
proposed to be effected; and I propose to show to
the House a few of the reasons which have led
me to this conclusion.
Our worthy chairman has stated that we have a
large number of naval officers in commission, in
idleness; that a lart;e number drawing pay, for
some cause or other, has not been in the eervice
of the country for long periods of time—one for
thirty-fiveyears, onefor thirty-four years, onefor
twenty-two years, one for twenty-five years, an-
other for twenty-one years, and a large number
more might be cited who have been kept in total
idleness, out of employment, and rotting down for
want of use. When you keep a man in idleness
for a length of time you make him unfit for any-
thing. Worse than all, you destroy his energy
and his intellect, and throw before him temptation
to vicious ways. We must all acknowledge the
too palpable truth of the saying that " idleness is
the parent of many vices." And I hold that this
Government has no right to keep men in idleness.
U ha3 no right to employ men when it has no
employment in which to engage them. It has no
right to entice men from the peaceful and civilizing
pursuits of civil life into the ranks of the naval
profession, then, while drawing from the Treas-
ury the people's hard-earned money, to rot down
in idleness.
This is a great evil, and it is but fitting that we
should carefully trace it back to its cause. What
is the cause? I desire the attention of the House j
to the point, for it is important, and ought, and j
will, I have no doubt, govern action on this sub-
ject. We have too many officers. We are over-1
burdened with them. There are a great many
more than we can find employment for. Possibly,
by a large increase in our naval service, we might
find something for them to do.
Mi. Speaker, one of two things must be done,
or our naval arm will still continue to rot and fall
into decay. You must either largely increase the
number of your ships, your naval force, and thus
furnish employment for our naval officers, who
have been so long without it, or discharge a great
many of thoseofficers from theservice—turn them
off, to engage in other pursuits for alivejihood. I
hold that one of these things must be done, or the
Navy will still continue to rot in idleness.
What is it proposed we shall do? To make
a retired list. Notwithstanding the declaration of
the honorable chairman of the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, in my judgment the bill under consid-
eration does provide for a retired list. It does
specify and set apart a portion of these naval offi-
cers who, without being asked to do anything, are
to receive pay from the Treasury ot the United
States. They are not to be in readiness, when
called on, to proceed to the discharge of their
legitimate duties. No, sir; no Buch thing. It ia
admitted, on all sides, that a large portion of our
naval officers are uisabled for the performance of
any naval service to thecountry. I would like to
It.'.ow upon what prfnciple we are to keep men in
the pay of the Government, when we are to call
upon them for no service ? But grantins the just-
ness of the principle, why is it proposed that we
shall make a discrimination ? Do we propose any-
thing of a similar kind for the sailor ? lie receives
but eight or ten dollars the month. He, equally
•with the captain, the lieutenant, or any other offi-
cer, exposes his life to the hard service and dan-
gers of the sea. When there is no employment
for that man, do vou propose to keep him in idle-
ness on pay ? No, sir; and yet his salary is
small—almost nothing compared with that given
to the naval officers. See the difference: The mo-
ment your man of war touches our naval station,
while the captain goes into snug quarters and
waits orders, at a salary of &3,500 per annum, the
sailor, who does the hard work, faces the most
appalling terrors of the sea, and for all gets but
little pay, he is turned adrift, to seek employment
as he best can. Is this just ? Is it republican; and
is it a principle which the American Congress is
willing to establish as a rule of action? .Let me
have an answer.
But, says a member, these officers are gentle-
men, men of education, and qualified for com-
manders. Admit it all. I do not deny that in
the naval profession there are as honorable and
as well educated men as can be frund in any other
walk of life. I esteem worthy officers of the Navy
as highly as any man upon this floor. I hope
that 1 am the last man who would say aught
against their skill, their intelligence, their bravery
and honor, and everything which go to construte
a true man. For all these things I extend to
them the credit which is their due.
But who made them such? Let us look into
the organization of our naval system. How
comes the distinction between the officer and the
sailor? There are two boys moving in the same
sphere of life. They are equal in all things but
one. One is friendless, poor, and destitute; the
other has gained, in one way or the other, it does
not matter, political patronage; there is a member
of Congress who secures for him a midshipman's
berth. The sailor is placed in the forecastle, in
the midst of the greatest privations and hardships.
Heretofore he was subjected to the lash, hereafter
he is to be subject to courts-martial, confinement
in dungeons, and to being double-ironed. He is to
be punished with the severest punishments which
the law can inflict. The other boy, the midship-
man, is sent to the Naval Academy, there to receive
the most polished education. He is to live well,
and be carefully taken care of; to be educated, and
taught all the accomplishments of gentlemen,
while the sailor is to remain in his forecastle in
ignorance; worse than that, he is to be brutalized
by a brutal treatment. In the hourof trial, when
the country calls upon its sons for its drfense, the
sailor, with the captain, bares his breast to the
enemy. H^ mans the guns, and hurl s broadside
after broadside in terrible destruction againbt his
nation's foe. While he has strength left, the
national emblem floats in triumph. Yet your
favoritism etiil continues. The boy who started
