1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
with political patronage advances, step by step,
from the humblest walk of life to the position of
commander. For the friendless boy there is no
advancement; he remains before the mast. Let
him exercise skill and good management in his
position, let him exhibit in fight the most desper-
ate valor and courageous daring, starting as a
sailor in the forecastle, he remains such; he never
advances. The higher ranks in the Navy are
closed against him. lie entered as a dog; he re-
mains and is treated as a dog.
Now we come to the point. The ship returns,
after a cruise. He, whom the Government edu-
cated and made a man of, is to be retired on the
pay of captain. The sailor, who alter forty or
fifty years of hard and nearly continuous service,
is to be turned adrift into the world to seek a
subsistence for his old days as best he can. An
instance of this kind has fallen under my notice
within the few days past. A man in my town
entered the marine service in 1811. He was one
of the bravest of the brave, fie tearlessly trod the
ship's deck in discharge of his duty to the country.
Danger never turned him back. lie served during
the whole of the lute war. Subsequently, worn
out in the service, and, for a life of fidelity and
courage, he was, in the munificence of the Gov-
ernment's charity, appointed to a situation in the
Naval Asylum at Philadelphia. Through the
grog rations of the Navy, his appetite for strong
drink returned to him. He went out one day and
came back drunk. For this he was dismissed the
institution; an alms-house ticket was furnished
him, and he was sent to the Blockley alms-house,
there, half fed and clothed, and in disgrace, to
serve out the remainder of his days.
What is asked here to-day? That the multitude
who work for almost nothing, shall be turned
adrift to be a tax on the community, when they
are serviceless, and the officers retired in affluence.
Yet both entered equally; neither displayed more
daring and bravery than the other.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, (interrupting.) I
am not acquainted with the alms-house system in
Philadelphia, but i take it for granted that the gen-
tleman from New Jersey is. I desire to know
whether the alms-house half feeds and half clothes
the men who go there?
Mr. SKELTON. I undertake to say, in reply
to the question of the gentleman from Virginia,
that there is hardly an alms house in Philadelphia,
or any other city in the United States, that is a
desirable place for gentlemen to go to.
Mr. SMITH. That is not an answer to my
question. 1 desired to know whether the inmates
of the Philadelphia alms-house are half fed and
half clothed.
Mr SICELTON1. I undertake to say, that the
inmates of the alms-bouse at Philadelphia are not
so well fed and clothed as the captains of the Navy.
[Laughter.] I make that assertion without fear
of contradiction. Sir, I ask the gentleman from
Virginia whether it is justice to allow the poor
sailor, who spends his whole life upon the ocean,
at a rate of compensation that gives him no oppor-
tunity to provide for the support of his family,
and when he returns, unable from age to continue
longer in the service, having spent his life upon
the high seas in fighting; the battles of the country,
to be turned over to the alms-house, while the
naval captain is retired at an expense to the Treas-
ury of $2,500 a year for doins nothing? Sir, the
adoption of this course of policy can only be pro-
motive of the greatest injustice to one portion of
the Navy, while it does more than justice to
another portion.
Mr. Speaker, if you allow your naval captains
to get drunk without discharging them from the
service, why not treat the sailors in the same man-
ner ? 1 do not desire, by any means, to be under-
stood as an advocate for drunkenness. I do not
drink myself, and would discourage the practice
in others. But if you allow the naval captain
to get drunk upon his champagne or brandy, and
Wines, and still draw his §2,500 a year, you ought
not to discharge and disgrace the poor sailor for the
same offense. Sir, the sailor has more temptations
^.with less powers of resistance than the naval cap-
tain. The latter is educated at the expense of the
Government, and possesses the powers of resist-
ance which intellectual culture always throws
around an individual, to enable him to control his
appetites. He is surrounded with half the tempta-
tion, with doable the powers of resistance, and
yet he is not discharged from the service nor
punished in any way.
Do gentlemen ask me what I would do with
these men? Sir, the whole policy is wrong. Why
do you employ so many men? 1 will tell you
what I would do w ith them. Provide that every
man who has been out of the service for one year
or more, shall be discharged from the service of
the country. You do no injustice to them by dis-
charging them. You have educated them at the
expense of the country. Many of them would
not have hud it in their powerto obtain an educa-
tion without. But suppose they had not been
educated by the Government, but had been left to
their own resources, would they have been better
off? Does the Government do any injustice in
taking the poor boy and educating him thoroughly,
not only in the arts and sciences generally, but in
the art of navigating a ship upon the ocean, and
then discharging him? No, sir; the Government
confers a lasting benefit upon him, enabling him
by its munificence not only to procure his own
support, but to enjoy a higher position in society
from the distinction conferred upon him.
Then, sir, I ask, what injustice does it work
by taking a young man and educating him, and
fitting him to discharge high and responsible duties,
qualifying him the better to provide for himself,
and then discharging him from the service of the
Government, and throwing him upon his own
resources to provide for himself? 1 repeat, sir,
that, instead of doing him injustice, you do him
more than justice, you confer a lasting benefit
upon him.
But gentlemen say that these men have been
educated for a particular vocation, and if you dis-
charge them how will they employ themselves for
their support. Sir, our merchant marine wants
able commanders. Our merchant marine wants
able navigators. Now, sir, if you retain these
men in the service of the Government with noth-
ing to do, if you keep them in idleness they will
rot out, and become unfit for service when you
want them;but discharge them from the naval
service, allow them to seek employment in the
merchantservice, and they will sustain themselves.
They will continue their self-respect, and will be
improving in the art of navigation. Instead of
remaining a burden on the Government, they will
become lasting benefits to the community and to
commerce.
And then when the hour of danger comes; when
war breaks out; when your merchant marine no
longer finds safe employment upon the high seas,
then these men will return to your service, and
you will have able seamen in your Navy—men
who will discharge their duty to their country, and
to their country's flag, with honor. That would
be the result of the adoption of such a course of
policy.
Now, I ask the attention of the House for a^
moment, to the condition of things under your*
present system. There are sixty-eight captainsj
in the United States Navy. By the last returns,!
there are twelve out of these sixty-eight at sea,
leaving the balance—fifty-six in number—loung-
ing upon shore, consuming the hard earnings of
the laboring classes of the country, rotting down
in idleness.
Now, sir, I find, by computation, that these
sixty-eight naval captains have, altogether, been
out of service, lounging in idleness, something
over eleven hundred years, and drawing pay all
this time fordoing nothing. Just look at it; sixty-
eight men paid by the hard earnings of the labor-
ing classes of the country more than eleven hun-
dred years fordoing nothing! They have received
about $3,000,000 from the public Treasury of the
country for services never rendered.
Sir, can such a policy as this stand ? Can such
a policy as this be sound? Will any such patch-
work as this improve it? No, sir; the remedy
must be radical. The. whole system is wrong,
radically wrong. We started wrong, and if we
would better our condition we must turn round
and begin again.
A gentleman behind me wants to know if some
of these men do not do shore work. Well, sir,
those of us who have visited the navy-yards, and
seen the snug places given to men in them, will
suppose that they do. But, sir, they have but
very little work to do. Your navy-yards hardly
furnish work enough to make an excuse for keep-
ing the places held by these men.
Sir, this policy was inaugurated by Great Brit-
ain. It is their policy to have a retired navy.
They must have life officers. England is ruled by
an aristocracy, ami that aristocracy must provide
for sons. The oldest sons must inherit the titles
and the property, and the younger sons must be
taken care of. They must have offices, and the
question of providing for them is, of itself, a suffi-
cient reason for carrying out this policy in the
navy of England.
1 find by looking at the English Naval Register,
that there are upon her retired list the snug little
number of two thousand five hundred and sixty-
four retired naval officeis. Now, sir, this is only
carrying out the policy which is recognized in
England. The younger sons must-have places.
There are but three professions taken by them.
Th*y must go into the Navy, the Army, or the
Church. In this country there are but two places
for the privileged aristocracy of our land—the
Army and the Navy, and 1 hope we shall take such
measures as will not leave these places as the asy-
lums of our aristocracy.
Now, what are you doing in this bill? Why,
making life officers. But one word more in regard
to the policy of England in regard to her army
and navy. How does it work? Why you all
know that the navy and the army of England are
rotting down just as ours are. Notwithstanding
that she has more naval vessels than all the other
navies of the world put together, she cannot keep
her men from depreciating and running -out.
England once was the bravest nation, and had the
best soldiers and sailors on the face of the earth.
How stands the case now ? Look at her gigantic
navy sailing into the Baltic sea last summer and
sailing back asrain without doing anything, like
that army of the King of France, which marched
up the hill and then marched down again. Look at
her other fleet sailing into the Black sea, and doing
nothing. Then, too, look at her army wasting
away and rotting down before the fortress of Se-
bastopol. Why? Because England has placed
her privileged classes over her worthy sons, to
command them and keep them down. The people
of England are to-day clamorous on the subject,
and have just compelled their Lord Chancellor
to vacate his seat for carrying on the war in
this disastrous manner. What is to become of us
if we depend upon a system of that kind to defend
our country in the hour of danger? What kind
of men do you want as the commanders of your
ships and of your Army ? Do not you want men
of energy ? Do not you want men inured to labor—
who can stand privations and hardships, men
of courage ? Do not you want men of clear intel-
lect—men who have kept themselves in employ-
ment, men who have kept their energies bright by
active service ?
Sir, our system is rotten in another particular.
Our privileged classes, under our present system,
are forcing their sons into the Army and Navy,
many of whom are not qualified by nature to dis-
charge the duties of the positions in which they
are placed. It is not every man who is fitted for
a commander. It is not every man who is fitted for
a soldier. Some of us are qualified for civil duties;
some for one place, and some for another. Nature
has everywhere provided the right kind of men
for the right places. But under our present sys-
tem we take all kinds of men. The sons of rich
men get into the Army and Navy by means of
political influence,and have life offices, while nine
out of ten of them were never intended by nature
to be commanders; she has not given them the
requisite talent and energy of character, and the
indomitable courage which is necessary to a naval
or military man.
Well, how shall we remedy this? Why, by
doing as France has done. Notwithstanding that
France is a despotism to-day more odious Xban
that of England, her naval and military systems
are more republican than those of England, or
even our own. France, years gone by, repubii-
canized her army; and look at the result before
Sebastopol! Her army, well equipped, well com-
manded, successful and daring, stands there firm
and unscathed; while the English, under their rot-
ten commander, are sinking down like a fl^ck of
sheep with the rot. Why is it? Because France
has republicanized her army. The great com-
mander of the age, Napoleon Bonaparte, when he
had command of the French troops, selected his
officers from the ranks. He went amongst the
