712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
men; and when he saw a man naturally qualified
for the position of a commander, he selected that
man and educated him for the post of command.
Where has the world ever seen such a set of com-
manders as went forth under the great Napoleon
to conquest and to conquer? I need not teil this
House the result of that system, and of that
policy.
Gentlemen tell us that these naval officers can-
not live upon their salaries. Now, I think that a
man who gets §4,500 a year, might lay up some-
thing to support himself and his family in his old
age.
You do a man injustice when he enters the
service of the country. You teli him that he has
a life office; that there is no necessity for him to
practice economy; that he may squander his in-
come as he pleases, that the Government will
take care of him in his old age, and will not see
him want. Now, sir, is that policy right? Does
it not corrupt your officers? Economy is a virtue
in a naval or military officer, as well as in a civil-
ian. And not only that. Not only do you dis-
qualify these men by destroying their principle of
economy, but then you allow them to handle the
public money of the country. These very offi-
cers whom you have thus encouraged to be ex-
travagant, have the handling, without any secuiity,
of the dollars and cents that are paid out m the
support of the Army and Navy. Can you expect
them, when they have no economy in their private
expenditures, to practice economy and prudence
in the discharge of the public duties incumbent
upon them? No, sir.
Mr. Speaker, I object to this class legislation.
1 object to making life officers anywhere. We
have enough of them now. It. is unjust to the
men; it is unjust to the country, because, when
you once place a man in the service, under the
present system, the country must retain him and
pay him, and employ him, even though he may
not have a single trait of character which qualifies
him for the post he is occupying. It is wrong to
the men; it is wrong to the country; it is wrong
to the defensive interests of the country; and it is
wrong to the meritorious to keep in employment
men who are not qualified, either naturally, or in
any other way, for the discharge of their duties,
ana to keep out men who are naturally and other-
wise qualified to discharge those duties. Thus
it is a double injustice.
Sir, the creation of life offices, in another re-
spect, is reversing the order of our Government.
It is placing a man beyond the reach of the people.
It is placing him over the people, and the people
under him. It takes away his responsibility. I
never would consent to acknowledge a piinciple
of that sort. In England, and other monarchical
countries, it may do very well; but in this coun-
try the public servants are under the control of
the people; and when they cease to be faithful
servants, they should be discharged. When they
cease to perform the duties for which the people
employ them, they should be discharged, ofid the
people should have an opportunity ot employing
others \cho are better qualified.
Again, sir, this policy is bad in a defensive
point of view. Suppose war breaks out, a mili-
tary man by profession, who holds his office for
life, is raised above the common interests of the
people of the country. What has been the his-
tory of the world upon that point? Why, sir,
men whose business it is to fight, and who are
trained to it and to nothing else, generally fight
for those who pay them best.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman a question. I wish him to state if there
are any instances on record where either the
Army or Navy of the United States, under the
present system, have been inadequate to the dis-
charge of the duties devolved upon them? A
stranger sitting here and listening to the gentle-
man would imagine that they had been derehcton
every occasion. Will the gentleman state if, un-
der the present system, there has been any dere-
liction on their part, or if they have ever failed to
vindicate the honor and uphold the integrity of
the country, either upon the field or on the sea?
Mr. SICELTON. I will only state, in reply
to the gentleman, without going into details in re-
gard to this matter, that Cooper, in his Naval
History, relates that one of the battles on the
lakes, in the war of 1812, was lost in consequence
of the drunkenness of the commander. That will
be a sufficient answer to the gentleman, without
going into further particulars, or even mentioning
the name of the commander.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. The gentleman brings
this charge against the Navy. I rebut it by point-
ing to a long line of illustrious victories. The
gentlemanrefeistooneparticularoccasion. I know
not the fact, nor do I believe that any gentleman
in this House is aware of it. But I call upon the
gentleman to state the time, the place, and the
occasion when the honor of the American flag,
in a naval engagement, was tarnished in conse-
quence of the drunkenness of the commander. If
it be true, if it be history, the name of that com-
mander should be brought forth in order that
others who are not liable to the charge may be
vindicated. It is not right that the character of
the whole Navy should suffer by such ungenerous
remarks. I ask him to state whether, on any
single occasion, when the honor of the American
flag was confided to the American Navy, or when
the honor of the American flag was confided to
the Army of the United States, the Army or the
Navy has ever failed to do its duty, to the honor
and credit of the whole country.
Mr. WALSEI. I would ask my colleague
whether he .supposes that either the Army or the
Navy of the United States is composed exclu-
sively of officers, and that, therefore, all the credit
is to be attached to the officers?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. In answer to the inter-
rogatory of my colleague, I would say that, so
far as I am concerned, I desire not to appropriate
all the honor and all the glory of the American
arms to our officers. I am aware that the effi-
ciency of both the Army and Navy of otir coun-
try belongs not more to the officers than to the men;
and I am aware that the men are entitled to equal
credit with the officers. But the fact which I bring
home to the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
Skelton] is this: that a stranger sitting here, and
listening to the remarks of that honorable gen-
tleman, would have been led irresistibly to the
belief that, on every occasion, both the Navy and
the Army have been derelict to their duty, and
have failed to perform the services which the coun-
try should have expected from them. j
Mr. SKELTON. I havemadeno such charge, j
Mr. WALSH. As I understood the gentle- j
man from New Jersey—and I have paid much j
attention to his remarks—he was merely giving ;
examples of the abuses of the system; and what
my friend from New York has said of the per-
formance both of the Army and of the Navy, only
shows what the Army and Navy are* capable of
effectins: in defiance of these very abuses—not
through them, but in defiance of them.
Mr. SKELTON. I will reply to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Walbiudgr,] that I have
no controversy with him, but that the easel cited
was a case related by Cooper, in his Naval His-
tory. It ia not a charge which I have made. It
is a historical fact, given by Cooper in Ins Naval
History, and I refer the gentleman from New
York to that work for justification of the state-
ment which I have made.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I would only remark
here that Benedict Arnold belonged to the revo-
lutionary army of the United States, yet no man
would attempt to say that that army did not
reflect honor and glory on the country. Such an
isolated case as the gentleman refers to cannot be
regarded as strengthening the position he assumes.
Mr. SKELTON. I do not think it necessary
now, inasmuch as I commenced by according our
naval officers all credit, to defend the honor of the
naval or military service of the country. I give
them all credit for their achievements. The his-
tory of the country, the history of our flag, the
history of our battles on land and ocean, suf-
ficiently demonstrate the prowess, the courage,
the daring, and the energy of the American sailor,
soldier, and commander. I appreciate, as highly
as does the gentleman from New York, the ability,
the worth, the talent, and the bravery of a large'
class of our military men. But, sir, I am speak-
ing about systems, not about men. The only
wonder to me is, that under the present system
we have been able at all to keep up a sentiment of
self-respect in the men. Sir, these men have done
wonders in the very face of all the obstacles wh'ch
our organization has thrown around them. We
have thrown around them temptations. Our
policy has been calculated to break them down in
every way; and every member of the House—
the honorable gentleman from New York among
them—admits—no one can deny—that our system
has worked badly to many of the men now em-
ployed in the service of the countiy.
But, Mr,. Speaker, as the time set apart for the
consideration of naval affairs is limited only to this
day, I do not desire to consume the time of the
House in empty declamation. Much more might
be said in relation to this system which we are en-
gaged in bolstering up here. Much more might
be said in relation to the false system which has
been established for the management of our Navy,
and which this bill is calculated to perpetuate on
the country. 1 believe, sir,that we shall not have
a reform in the Navy of the United States until
the evils of the present system become so apparent,
until it becomes so apparent that the system is
radically, fundamentally wrong, that it can no
longer be allowed to exist. And, sir, the longer
we patch it up, the longer we mend it, the longer
we uphold it, so mach the longer will this rotten
system be perpetuated to the country, and the
greater the evils to be inflicted on the country as
a necessary consequence resulting from it.
AH that I desired to say in relation to this bill,
was to express my sentiments on thesubject, as I
thought the bill was likely to pass through, as
other bills did yesterday, and the day before yes-
terday, without debate and without investigation.
I desire the House to pause, to reflect, to examine,
to look at this question before it hastily passes
through, and becomes a part and parcel of the policy
of our common country. I want to see—and my
course on this floor will demonstrate that fact—an
efficient Navy, i want not a large Navy. I want
not a Navy equal to that of England. I waist a
few ships; but those few ships I want to have
the best on the ocean. I say I want them to be
superior in quality, though not equal in number,
to the Navies of other countries, and that superi-
oi ity I want to see, not only in ships, but in men.
I am willing that our Naval Academy should be
allowed to go on educating men foi a naval career,
from the sailor tot'he commander. I am willing that
our Military Academy should be allowed to con-
tinue educating men for the military profession.
But these men being so educated, I insist upon it
that the country shall not keep them in idleness,
paying them for services which they are not re-
quited to perform.
A gentleman by my side asks me what do I
propose? My proposition I have already ex-
plained. But lest I should be misunderstood,
i will state that I should propose that the Gov-
ernment should employ no man, for any busi-
ness whatever, in which he has not constant or
nearly constant employment. Another gentle-
man raises an objection to that course of policy,
and says that our naval officers have families at
home, and when they return from sea, they want to
have some time to spend with their families. Sir,
I admit that such is the case. But, then, in order
to accommodate these gentlemen, we have our
navy-yards where those who return after a three
years' cruise may spend a year with their families.
Or, if they please, they may take their families to
the high seas. But 1 ask the gentleman what is
to become of the family of the poor sailor, who
is working for eight or twelve dollars a month?
What is to become of his family? What oppor-
tunities has this man to spend some time with his
: family? And every member of this House will
■ say that every honorable man, every virtuous
j man, ought to have a wife and family, and the
! Government should not place any man in such a
! condition as that he could not maintain a wife and
I family. [Laughter.]
j Mr. BRIDGES. I beg leave to ask a question
of the gentleman from New Jersey, if lie will
permit me to do so.
Mr. SKELTON. Certainly.
Mr. BRIDGES. 1 want to know whether the
gentleman would like to see officers raise their
: families on ship-board?
Mr. SICELTON. I should like to see officers
raise their families just where they please, without
any dictation from this Government. Some of
these gentlemen desire to educate their sons as-
sailors, and there is no better place for them to do
so than on ship-board. [Laughter.] Sir, I insist
upon the carrying out of justice to these men. I
insist upon it, if these officers must be provided
for, ii they must have life offices, I insist upon
