1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
713
it, sir, in order to do justice, in order to be con-
sistent, that you shall do the same with the men
who are badly treated, badly fed, and badly paid.
Dut, sir, i repudiate the whole policy. I repudiate
all life officcs. I repudiate all life tenures. 1
repudiate the principle of multiplying officers to
eat out the substance of the people. Why,-sir,
this course of policy, if adopted, would give rise
to a revolution in the end. It was one of the
charges brought against Great Britain at the time
of our Revolution, that she sent over swarms of
office-holders to eat out our substance.
I contend that we ourselves, by the legislation
of this country, are creating swarms of officers,
more numerous than Great Britain ever sent here,
to eat out the substance of the people who pro-
duce the real wealth of this country, and upon
whom we are to rely in the hour of danger for
the defense of our rights. The commanders of
our armies and navies should have interests iden-
tified with the citizen, a common stake in the per-
petuity of our republican institutions. In order
to accomplish this, they should be liable to return
to private life when the wants of the country no
longer demand their services. A permanent mil-
itary power is much to be dreaded; the liberties
pf the world have, in aliases, been destroyed by
it. Europe is now held m bondage by the mili-
tary power. The people are compelled to sup-
port over two millions of troops, at an expense
of §1,000,000,000 annually, to keep themselves j
in bondage. Destroy the military power of Eu-
rope, the people would immediately establish their
liberties, and ripe regenerated. Life offices and
standing armies, with large navies, are a curse to
any country, and are incompatible with republi-
can liberty. The citizen-soldier and merchant-
mariner will ever be the true and strong defenders
of our country's independence and liberty. Their
interests are identified with the interests of the
country, and in defending their country's liberties
they are defending their own. We should, in all
deportments of the Government, promote industry,
intelligence, economy, and self-reliance. If these
virtues are maintained, the prosperity, power,
independence, and liberty of onr common and
glorious country is secure from all harm.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not purpose to reply
to the argument of the honorable gentleman from
New Jersey, [Mr.SKELTON,] because it confounds
all distinctions, and would drive the sailor from
the forecastle to the quarter-deck without any
preparation for the change of duties, lli^ ienr?avks
were full of suggestions, but suggestions not ap-
posite to the bill before us. We have other bills
to consider, but I rose simply to refer to one of
the amendments which I heard the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs read. If I un-
derstood it rightly, it was that the board, when in
session, should Jjave the power to recommend the
Secretary of the Navy, with the approval of the
President, to direct the dismissal of officers of the
Navy of any grade. This is quite too summary a
mode of dispensing with the services of men who
have been emploj'ed in an honorable profession,
and who entered upon it with the view of serving
for life.
Mr. BOCOCK. I am not aware that the amend-
ment I propose confers any power upon the Pres-
ident and Secretary of the Navy which they have
not at present. We all remember that, a few days
ago, the President, without the recommendation
of any board, dismissed from the service of the
Navy an officer for misconduct.
Mr. SOLLERS. I would ask my friend from
Virginia if, under the laws of the United States,
the gentleman to whom he alludes, was not prop-
erly dismissed from the service?
Mr. BOCOCK. I certainly think so, and it is
the very point for which I am contending in reply
to the suggestion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, that the President has the right now to dis-
miss a man from the service. If that is the state
of the case now, what harm will it do to have an
examination of an officcr for misconduct made by
a board, before he shall be dismissed from service?
It is upon the recommendation of the board that
the President and Secretary are to act in cases of
removals, and then they possess only the same
powers upon the subject that they now have.
They can either approve or reject the action of the
board, and it gives them no new powers.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is one of those proofs
that prove too much. It proves nothing. There
is no necessity, then, for this legislation. The
President, with the concurrence of the Secretary
of the Navy, has now the power to dismiss an
officer from the service. Why, then, introduce
this inquisitorial power to investigate the character
of officers without formal charges ? There lies the
evil of the whole matter. The President of the
United States, whenever he thinks that some gross
overt act of disobedience has been performed by
an officer that reflects discredit upon the Navy,
and disgrace upon the country, may at once, by
the laws as they stand, strike the name of that
officer from the roll, and that, perhaps, is right.
But if you add to that an investigation 
Mr. BOCOCK. Docs my friend from Penn-
sylvania object altogether to the action of a board
to examine investigations of this sort ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not know that I ob-
ject to it entirely. I confess that the amendments
of the gentleman from Virginia have never met
my eye, and I heard them but imperfectly from
the manner in which they were read.
Mr. BOCOCK. I understand that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania does not disapprove the
appointment of a board altogether. I ask my friend
from Pennsylvania to tell me how the amendment
I propose makes the action of this board more
inquisitorial than it would be without that amend-
ment. Withouttheamendmentthatboard mustsit,
must inquire into the condition, history, and char-
acter of these officers of the Navy. Without that
amendment they are required also to recommend
that these officers shall be placed upon the retired
list or left off. How is it more inquisitorial when
they reach that point, to say that they recom-
mend the Secretary of the Navy with the appro-
val of the President, to direct the dismissal of
any of these officers? I say that the Secretary of
the Navy and the President have the same power
without the amendment as the amendment now
gives them, with this difference only, that they
have the recommendation of this board as a justi-
fication for their course before the country, which
they might not otherwise have.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is the point, sir.
This board, which is to appoint, is to stand as a
shield between the President and any charge of
responsibility which may rest upon him. Now,
sir, when the President strikes from the roll an
officer, or any man who has offended, it becomes
necessary that the world should distinctly under-
stand that the man had violated a rule, that the
lule was imperative, so as to make it equally im-
perative on the President to pumah him m an ex-
emplary manner. But if there is a board to sit
on trial; if ex parte testimony is to be presented
before it; if this board is to be influenced by all
the prejudices which may hang about officerswho
are older in the service, and who imagine that
they have received offense from some junior offi-
cer; if they are to carry their verdict up to the
President, arid then the officer is to be stricken
from the roll, and disgraced after thirty or fony
years' service, perhaps, without the power of
appeal, without being heard in his behalf, if. be-
comes an inquisitorial board, which is a disgrace
to the nation, and which would be scouted at by
any civilized nation under heaven. It would be
a board to investigate the quality and character
of officers. I have no objection to a board, as
such—though I think it had better be omitted
entirely—which should have power to state that
such a person, by reason of wrong desert, by
neglect of duty, by having frequently applied to
be released from labor, has shown himself in-
competent, and, therefore, is disqualified for the
kind of service which belongs to his rank. Let
him be placed aside, and out of the service, but
paid such a salary as shall comfortably support
him. He deserves that. There was a pledge to
that effect given to him by the nation when he
was appointed, as much so as there was a pledge
given by him to the Government.
Mr. HUNT. Does the gentleman object to
that part of the bill which provides that the board
" shall make a careful examination into the effi-
ciency of the officets of the grades hereinafter
mentioned, and shall report to the Secretary of the
Navy the names and rank of ail officers of the
said grades who, in the judgment of said board,
bhall be incapable of performing promptly and
efficiently all their duty ashore and afloat; and
vacancies occurring in said board shall be filled by
the Secretary of the Navy, who shall preserve the
number and grades of its officers, as aforesaid,
provided, that no officers upon said board shall
examine into, or report upon, the efficiency of offi-
cers of a grade above them ?"
Mr. CHANDLER. So far, so good. I like
that, or rather, 1 do not object to it. I wish sim-
ply to object to that amendment which gives the
power to two or three naval officers, whoever they
may be, to inquire into personal wrongs, if they
choose to do it; for itdoes notsatisfyme that you
tell me that this board would not do that. The
true way to legislate is to place men beyond the
power to do this wrong. Do not ask them to sit
as inquisitors upon the conduct of men with whom
they may have some personal dispute. 1 do not
object to that part of the bill which the gentleman
from Louisiana read. The board for that pur-
pose is well enough; but I object to that pait
which calls for that extreme action proposed by
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bococic.] I
go for everything which will improve the Navy;
everything which will give it efficiency. I go for
all we have done, and more than that, for all
which the next bill which comes up here proposes
to do. But do not deal with gentlemen in the
Navy in a way we would not deal with a servant.
The Speaker of this House would not disgrace the
smallest page upon this floor upon the recom-
mendation of two or three members of this House,
without inquiring into the cause of offense. Do
not turn out to the world, for the finger of scorn
to be pointed at, men #who have devoted their
whole Jives to the service of the country, without
giving them a hearing
Mr. BENSON. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him one question ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. BENSON. Does not the proposed action
of this board require the approval of the Presi-
dent? If so, no man can be stricken from the roll,
even if recommended by the board, unless the
President approves of the finding of the board. It
seems to me there is sufficient protection to the
officers.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, sir, the clause of
the bill conferring power upon this board will,
when amended as proposed by the gentleman from
Virginia, read as follows:
Which board, under such regulations as the Secretary
of Hie Navy may prescube, shall make a careful examina-
tion into tiio efficiency of the officers o{ the grades herein-
after mentioned, and shall report to the Secretary of the
Navy the names and rank of all officers of the said jrradea
who, in lho judgment ol said hoard, shall be incapable ot'
performing promptly and efficiently all their duty ashore
and afloat; and whenever said board shall believe that paid
incompetency has arisen from any cuuseiraplyingsufficient
blame on the part of this officer to justify it, ihey shall
recommend that his name be stricken altogether from the
rolls.
All I oppose is the last clause, which says they
shall recommend that his name shall be stricken
altogether from the rolls. It provides for no trial.
It is not a trial itself. It is not a court-martial, in
which a man may bring forward his testimony for
defense. There is no charge propounded against
him. No judge-advocate is appointed to see to
his right, or to see that the rights of the country
are sustained. It is entirely inquisitorial; con-
trary to the general pursuits of our Navy, and the
genius of the institutions of our country.
Mr. BENSON. But it is to be done undersnch
rules and regulations as the Secretary of the Navy
shall prescribe. It is to be presumed that such
rules and regulations will be prescribed as will pro-
tect and preserve the rights of the officers.
Mr. CHANDLER. That would probably be
true, if the present Secretary of the Navy should
continue in his present office; but wedo not know
who may hereafter come into his place. It is better
not to place such power there at all.
Look at the state of feeling among the older
branch of our Navy. There are members in it
who, from private griefs, are carrying on a mental
war now, and will carry on a worse one, if this
amendment is adopted. If there is a charge against
a man, let him be tried regularly; if not, do not
let him be disgraced by any exparte testimony
before an inquisitorial court.
Mr. ASHE. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
having finished his speech, and as there is another
important bill to come before the House to-day,
reported from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and as two speeches have been made against the
bill, and one in favor of it, I will demand the pre-
vious question upon the passage of the bill.
