1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
715
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
* The yeau and nays were ordered.
Mr. HUGHES. There is a single amendment
which, if I can have the unanimous consent of the
House, it seems to me, ought to be made. The
original bill provides that the appointments dial
be made by the President; and further on,it isl
provided that the vacancies shall be filled by the
Secretary of the Navy. I think, in both cases,
the appointments should be made by the same
authority, and I therefore ask that the word 4' Sec-
retary of the Navy "may be stricken out, and the
word " President" inserted.
Mr. BOCOCK. I have no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the amendment can-
not be made in this stage of proceedings.
Mr. MOC,GAN. As this is a gigantic bill to
grant pensions, I would suggest that, by general
consent, it be so amended as to provide pensions
also for a retired list of the members of the House.
("Laughter, and shouts of " Order!" and
" Question !"]
The question was taken unon the passage of
the bill; and decided in the affirmative—yeas 116,
nays 4G; as follows:
YEAt*—Messrs Abercrombip, Aiken, Willis Allen, Ap-
nlot'ni, Aslie, David J- Bailey, Thorna* II Bayly, Bauks,
i&arry, Belcher, BH!, Bennett, Benson, B-ieock, Boyce,
Breckinridge, Bugs, Carpenter,Chandler, Cha>tain, Chris-
man, Clmgiwm, Cook, Corwm, Crocker, Camming, Cut-
ting, De Witt, Dickinson, Dowdell, Dunbar, Edmands,
Edmundson, Thomas- D. Eliot, English, Gthendge, Farley,
Flavor, Fl'>renc<\ Fuller,(Joode, Green, Greenwood, Grey,
Aaron liar an, Wiley P. llarru, liaven, Hicster, Howe,
IIu«he>, [J unt, J, Clancy Jones, Keir, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane,
Lilly, Lmds-ley, Lvoti, Macdo-iald, McDouzall, Mc'Vair,
McQueen, Macy, Maxwell, May, Mayall, MdNrui, Mor-
rison, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Parker, Parker, Peckham,
Bishop IVrkin?, John Perkins, Pm Ips, Phillip®, Powell,
Preston, Prmgle, Puryear, Ready. Riddle, David
Ritchif, Rubbins, Rogers, Rmve, Rufiln, Russell, Sabtn,
Sage, Sew ard, Shower, Simmons, William Smith, William
R. rimith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, John J.
Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston,
Trout, Upham, Vail, Walbridge, Walker, Walley, Israel
Wa&hburn, Tuppan Wentworth, Weatbrook, Daniel li.
Wright, llcndnck B. Wright, and Zollicotfor—U6.
NAVS—Messrs. Benton, Bridges, Cobh, Cox, Tboma«i
Dav.s, Dawson, Eastman, Eddy, Edgerton, Gamble, Gid-
d'liijs, Grow, Hamilton, Andrew J. Harlan, Hendricks,
Houston, f>.\ni<l T. Jones, Geoige W. Jon-'s, Kidwell,
Kitiredse, Letcher, Lewis, Lindley, McCulloch, Mace,
Maurice, Middlesvvaiih, Morgan, Murray, Norton, Mor-
decai Oliver, Sapp, Seymour, Shaw, Skeltun,S'diet>, th fe-
tor L. Stevens, Stratum, Atidievv Smart. Tweed, Wade,
Walsh, Elhhu 13. Washburne, Wells, Wheeler, and
Yates—'4G.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. FAULKNER stated that he was outside
the bar when his name was called, or he should
have voted for the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, also stated that he
wag opposed to the bill, and should have voted
against it, but for the fact that he had paired off
with Mr. Latiiam.
Mr. SOLLERS, when his name was called, said:
I desired to introduce an amendment putting sur-
geons and pursers upon the same grade. If that
amendment had been in the bill, I should have
voted for it. I now vote in the negative.
Mr. BOCOCK moved to reconsidcr the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received, by
Mr. Maciien, their Ciiief Clerk, informing the
House that the Senate had passed bills of the
House of the following t.tles:
An act to regulate the salaries of the district
judges of the United States; and
An act for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Joseph Savage, deceased.
The former without, and the latter with, an
amendment; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the [louse:
An act to establish a circuit court of the United
States in and for the State of California; and
An act t-o remit or refund duties upon goods,
wares, and merchandise, destroyed by fire.
ADDITIONAL SLOOPS OF WAR.
Mr. BOCOCK. I desire to state to the House
that I have but one single other bill of general char-
acter reported by the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and, in order that it may be reached, it will be
necessary to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. I therefore move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the "Whole on
the state of the Union.
The question was put, and the motion agreed to.
The rules were suspended, and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hamilton
in the chair,) and proceeded to the consideration
of House bill (No. 743) to authorize the construc-
tion of seven steam sloops of war.
The bill was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. BOCOCK. Mr. Chairman, I do not ex-
pect to take up more than ten minutes in the
explanation which I shall think proper to make of
the bill now under consideration. I have heard it
stated that this bill provtded for adding seven
steam sloops of war to the Navy. If I believed it
was so; if I believed it provided for so extensive
an enlargement of our naval armament, 1 should
not, at the present time, support it, because, al-
though I voted, at the last session, for some addi-
tion to the naval service, I do not believe we ought
ever to go into an extensive naval establishment.
I believe there is a great deal of wisdom in many of
the remarks of the distinguished gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Benton,J made at the last session
of Con gress, upon this subject. I believe we
should not enlarge our Navy to a greater extent
than is necessary for the protection of our coast
and of our commerce upon the high sens, and for
the protection of our citizens in all quarters of the
globe.
Now, sir, at the commencement of the present
session, the Secretary of the Navy, in his annual
report, recommended the construction of addi-
tional war steamers. I have before me a letter
from him upon the subject, which I propose to
have read before I take my seat. He says that
our sloops are many of them old, and that by the ,
time these are constructed it will require them all j
to take the places of those now in the service of
the Government.
Mr. SOLLERS, (interrupting.) If the gentle-
man from Virginia will allow me, I think he relies
altogether too much upon the wishes of the Sec-
retary of the Navy.
Mr. BOCOCK. Well, sir, in relation to our
information upon these subjects, we are compelled
to rely upon the Departments. If I mistake not,
early in the present session the gentleman from
Maryland introduced a resolution calling upon
one of the Departments for certain information.
Mr. SOLLERS. And never got it. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. BOCOCK. Well, we are compelled to
rely upon the Departments for our information, i
The Secretary of the Navy was called upon to
furnish information upon this subject, and, in re-
ply, he sent down a recommendation for additional
sloops of war, and gave us, as a reason, a state-
ment of the condition of our war vessels.
Then, as an additional reason, he states that the
six steam frigates which were authorized to be
built at the last session, will draw some twenty-
two feet of water, which is too great to permit
them to enter almost any one of our southern
ports. There is not a depth of water amounting
to twenty-two feet, in the ports of either Charles-
ton, Savannah, or New Orleans.
Mr. SEWARD. If the gentleman will allow
me, I wish to offer an amendment to this bill, that j
will obviate the difficulty in reference to southern ,
harbors. j
Mr. BOCOCK. Not now. I wish to finish my j
remarks. [
Mr. SEWARD. Is it not in order for me to .
offer an amendment ? i
The CHAIRMAN. Not at present. Thefloorj
cannot be taken from the gentleman from Virginia j
for any such purpose. j
Mr. BOCOCK. The Secretary states that the i
vessels ordered last session are all of too great a ;
draught of water to enter the ports of Charleston, I
Savannah, or New Orleans, and he recommends j
the construction of sloops of less draught for the ,
protection of those ports. j
Mr. SOLLERS. Who does that? TheSecre-
tary of the Navy ? I
Mr. BOCOCK. Yes, sir. I promised the com-!
mittee that I wouid occupy very little time upon this 1
occasion, and I have but one single other remark
to make. Those gentlemen who happened to read
a communication from Lieutenant Maury, which
appeared in the newspapers a short time ago, in
reference to the navy-yard at Memphis, will have
seen the idea well expressed, which 1 design now
to suggest. The War that has been in progress in
Europe, between England and France on the one
side, and Russia on the other, has demonstrated
the fact—if it was not known before—that for pur-
poses of shore attack vessels of small draught are
much more efficient, as a general thing, than ves-
sels of a large draught. Improvements have been
made recently in regard to the guns which are
used on board these vessels, which enable small
vessels very often to do as much destruction as
large ones. The large vessels are more exposed
to the fire of the hostile guns.
Mr. PECKEIAM. Of how much less draught
will these vessels be than those which were ordered
last session ?
Mr. BOCOCK. Four feet less draught.
Mr. PECK HAM. What will be their draught?
Mr. BOCOCK. Not to exceed eighteen feet?
I was going to say when the gentleman inter-
posed, that any vessel, however small, can be con-
structed to carry as many as two large sized guns.
Those large sized guns are now so made that they
can carry eleven inch balls or shells. One of those
shells thrown into the strongest vessel, and well
thrown, explodes thevessel. So,too,oneof these
sloops, runs in shallow water, and can advance
near to the object it is to attack, and can by one
gocd shot explode the largest sized vessel.
I say, then, that it is necessary to have these
small-sized vessels, in order to enter the southern
ports, and because they cost less upon cruiscs.
It is proper to have them, furthermore, because
the sloops of war that we now have, having been
constructed a long time ago, are fast going to
decay, and it is proper to have others built to take
their places.
My friend from New York [Mr. Perkins]
stated, a moment ago, that this House of Congress
had refused to take up the question of the tariff*.
It is fully apparent that there is to be in the
Treasury a surplus of revenue. Now, Mr. Chair-
man and gentlemen of the committee, if we do not
appropriate that surplus revenue to some good
purpose, it will be a fund for gamblers and specu-
lators, and those who desire to plunder the public.
If you do not appropriate it to this purpose,
perhaps in little more ihan a year hence th-t sur-
plus revenue may begone, the present sloops may
fail—for they are now fast getting into a condition
to be retired from the service—and you may have
to build others to take their places when you have
no money to build them with. Had you not
better, then, authorize the construction of these
sloops now, when you have mony enough, to
take the places, as they are constructed, of those
sloops which are now fast going to decay ?
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, obtained the
floor.
Mr. SEWARD. I would like to know whether
tlvs hill is amendable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. SEWARD. At what stage of the pro-
ceedings will ir He proper to offer an amendment ?
Mr. STANTON. I he/ieve I have the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has the fl">or.
Mr. SEWARD. I have it also, I believe. [A
laugh.]
The CHAIRMAN. Whenever the gentleman
from Georgia can obtain the fl >or, he will have
an opportunity of offering his am n 'ment,
Mr. SOLLERS. I appeal to the gentleman
from Tennessee to yield me the floor for a few
moments, because I am a member of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, and I know perfectly well
that my friend from Maryland, who occupies the
chair, will never give me the floor if he cat* help
it. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland will com^ to order.
Mr. SOLLERS. Oh, I am out of order, am I ?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee yield to the gentleman from Maryland ?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; I cannot at pres-
ent.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman will
proceed.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, I have but
