716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO-BE.
February 13,
little to say in reference to the bill now under con-
sideration. I do not intend td throw any embarrass-
ments in the way of its passage by any lengthened
remarks of mine. 1 shall support the bill, but
not upon the idea that it will increase our naval
force. At the last session of Congress, upon this
very question, I think there was quite a difference
of opinion between the gentleman from Virginia
anil myself, as well as between the gentleman from
Virginia and the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Benton.] I then took the ground that the vessels
proposed to be built at that time were necessary
for the purpose of renovating the materiel of the
Navy—not for the purpose of adding new vessels
to the Navy, but for the purpose of making better
and more efficient those then belonging to it.
Upon the same idea, sir, I shall vote for this bill,
perfectly satisfied that the greater number of the
vessels belonging to the Navy are of a character
entirely behind the age, and such as ought to be
thrown out of the service and abandoned.
I send to the Chair an amendment which T pro-
pose to offer at the proper time. I do not offer it
now, but I desire that it shall be read for the in-
formation of the committee, and then I shall make
a few remarks upon it, and submit the question,
at the appropriate time, to the consideration of
the committee.
The Clerk read the proposed amendment, as
follows:
JlnA be if further enacted, That one ofsaid steam sloops
shall he built at Memphis, provided that the authoring of
that city ♦shall first reconvey to the tinned States, by good
and sufiicirnt deed-., the navy-yaid and nppmteriance  as
ceded to them by the not of 4th of August, 18o4, entitled
" An act making appropriation for the naval (service for the
year ending 30th June, 1855."
Mr. STANTON, (resuming.) Mr. Chairman,
it is known to every member present, that in the
last hours of thelastsession ofCongress, suddenly
and unexpectedly, without any recommendation
from the Executive, without any consideration
upon the part of any committee of this House,
the property at Memphis--—
Mr. PHILLIPS, (interrupting.) I rise to a
question of order. It is very evident that the prop-
osition contained in the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Tennessee, is to establish a navy-
yard at Memphis. Now, I submit whether such
an amendment as that is germane to the bill under
consideration ?
Mr. STANTON. I have not offered the amend-
ment yet.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has only
given notice that he will offer the amendment.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Then I will make a further
suggestion. 1 am informed that the House yes-
terday adopted a resolution 
Mr. SOLLERS, (interrupting.) Is that in
order?
The CHAIRMAN. There ia no question be-
fore the committee now.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I am making a point of
order. The point of order I now make is, that
the gentleman cannot speak to the establishment
of a navy-yard at Memphis, inasmuch as the
House has adopted a resolution that all debate in
the Committee of the Whole shall be confined to
the question before the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the resolution to
which the gentleman from Alabama refers, the
gentleman from Tennessee must confine himself
strictly to the question before the committee.
Mr. STANTON. The bill provides that four
of the proposed sloops shall be built at the navy-
yards of the Government. My proposition is to
amend that provision in this particular: that one
sloop shall be built on the banks of the Mississippi
river, provided the city authorities of Memphis
shall reconvey to the Government the navy-yard
upon which $1,000,000 has been expended by the
Government. I consider that entirely pertinent
to the bill.
Mr. SOLLERS. Now, I rise to a question of
order. I ask the simple question, if a proposition
for the ree^tablishment of a navy-yard is pertinent
as an amendment to a bill providing for the build-
ing of war sloops.'
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inform
the gentleman from Maryland that the proposition
is not yet before the committee. The gentleman
from Tennessee should, however, confine his re-
marks to the bill under consideration.
Mr. STANTON. That is precisely what I
purpose to do. Mr. Chairman, I propose simply
to alter the place of building one of these steam
sloops, which are provided to be built in the navy-
yards of the United States, by providing that it
shall be built at Memphis; and, as a part of the
proposition, to make it conditional on the act of
the public authorities of that city, reconveyirig to
the Government of the United States the place on
which to build it; a place on which the Govern-
ment of the United States has already expended
$1,000,000. Now, Mr. Chairman, I ask if that is
not fairly and legitimately within the subject of the
bill? The Government cannot build a ship on the
Mississippi river, or at any other place in the coun-
try, without first providing a place for the purpose.
The Government has already, as I have said,
spent $1,000,000 at Memphis; and this proposi-
tion of mine is a mere incidental proviso, making
the building of the ship at that point conditional,
oil the reconveyance of this property by the muni-
cipal corporation to which it belongs, to the United
States. Now, I submit that question because this
is the point which I wish to make, whether my
proposition is not in order, and germane to the
bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inform
the gentleman from Tennessee that his amendment,
not being before the committee, is not a subject
for consideration; and that he must confine him-
self to the bill before the committee.
Mr. STANTON. Then, sir, I offer my amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds the
amendment to be in order.
Mr. PHILLIPS. That is the point of order
which I make. I submit that the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee is not m order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds the
amendment to be in order, on the ground that the
bill provides how these ships slmff* be built, and
where they shall be built, whether in the public
navy-yards or by private contract; and as it pro-
vides for this, it can certainly provide for the
place at which one of them may be built.
Mr. PHILLIPS. May I state my point of
order now ?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes.
Mr. PHILLIPS. My point of r.rder is this:
that this amendment provides for a reconveyance
of certain property by the city of Memphis to
the Government of the United States, to be used
as a navy-yard, and is as if the amendment itself
provided for the creation of a navy-yard. That
is my point of order.
Mr. HUNT. I call for the reading of the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. This amendment provides
that one of, the steam sloops shall be built at
Memphis, provided that the public authorities of j
that city shall first l-econvey to the United States, \
by good and sufficient deeds, the navy-ynrd and j
appurtenances, as ceded to them by the act of 4th j
August, 1854, entitled "An act malting appro-
priations for the naval service for the year ending
30th June, 1855."
Mr. SOLLERS. Let the amendment be read
by the Clerk.
The amendment was again reported.
Mr. SOLLERS. I am opposed, Mr. Chairman,
to all of this.
Mr. STANTON. I have the floor, I believe.
I will state what I desire to do in a few minutes,
because I do not intend to occupy the attention of
the House long.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Has the Chair decided the
point of order ?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes; the Chair has de-
cided that the amendment of the gentleman from
Tennessee is in order.
Mr. STANTON. I desire simply to say that,
for ten years, this establishment has existed on
the banks of the Mississippi river, and during these
ten years the Government of the United States
has spent, in round numbers, $1,000,000. On the
last night of the last session of Congress a prop-
osition was made to strike out the appropriation
for that navy-yard, and the proposition succeeded.
I then, myself, agreed to concur in another amend-
ment which had been put into the bill in the Sen-
ate, giving the establishment to the city of Mem-
phis, because I thought it right if the property
was to be abandoned in this manner, and if a
great and important work belonging to these United
States was thus to be stricken down, that the city
which gave the greater part of the property to the
Government should have it ceded back agafh
Sir, the navy-yard of Gosport at present is held
by the Government of the United States precisely
on this condition: By the act of 1800, expressly
authorizing the sale of this property to the Uni-
ted States, the State of Virginia stipulated that,
whenever the Government of the United State3
should cease to use itasa navy-yard, the property
should revert to the State of Virginia on payment
of the $12,000 which was paid to that State for it.
Millions of dollars have been expended there, and
whenever the Government shall strike down that
establishment it belongs to the State of Virginia.
Nothing more than that has been done with regard
to the Memphis navy-yard, which is precisely in
these circumstances.
Mr. FULLER. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Tennessee a single question before I
vote on this proposition.
Mr. STANTON. I am ready to answer the
gentleman's question.
Mr. PULLER. I desire to know what is the
depth of water in the Mississippi at this point? I
read in a paper the other day that there was only
six and a half feet of water in the Mississippi
before Memphis. I want to know,- therefore,
whether, if this ship were built there, it could ever
be gotten out, or whether it might be ever expected
to reach the ocean ?
Mr. STANTON. In reply to the interrogatory
of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Fuller,] I
would refer him to the case of the Alleghany, a
ship of between eleven and twelve hundred tons,
which was built at Pittsburg, and fitted out at
Memphis, passing thence to the sea, visiting the
Mediterranean and other parts of the world, and
returning again to the United States. I point him,
also, to the fact that vessels are often built at Cin-
cinnati, at Pittsburg, and at other ports on the
Ohio and Mississippi rivers, and sent out, even
with cargoes, to foreign ports. I grant you that,
at some seasons of the year, there are some places
between Memphis and New Orleans where there
is not more than seven or eight feet depth of
water; but for a large portion of the year vessels
drawing eighteen or twenty feet of water can sail
from Memphis to the sea. And I ask the gentle-
man from Maine, whether the naval works at
Kittery, in his State, or at some place in that
locality, are not just as often blocked up by ice in
the winter time for three or four months, as they
are in the Mississippi by low water?
Mr. FULLER. I respond to the gentleman's
inquiry by saying that I believe there is at Kittery
navy-yard a depth of thirty feet of water at low
tide, and there is always water there.
Mr. STANTON. This is the point to which
I wish to call the attention of the committee.
Some ten years ago, Government officers were
commissioned to select a site for a navy-yard on
the Mississippi; and they selected Memphis as
the port at which a great naval establishment for
the whole Mississippi valley should be located.
)t was located there after every necessary examin-
ation. Any number of vessels, of almost any
tonnage, may be, at certain seasons of the year,
carried from that port to the Gulf of Mexico.
Now, sir, it will be recollected that, in the early
part of the session, a message from the President
of the United States on this subject was^on my
motion, referred to a select committee; and a ma-
jority of that committee authorized me to report
a bill for the reestabhshment of the Memphis
navy-yard, on the ground that the resources of
the Mississippi valley are inexhaustible; that, in
the event of a war, of which the Gulf of Mexico
would become the theater, it would be absolutely
necessary—with Jamaica and Cuba m the hands
of a hostile Power—for the Government to avail
itself of the resources of the Mississippi valley,
and to have located an establishment in the center
of the valley, convenient to all parts of it, where
supplies can be got in any quantity, and where
iron, coal, copper, lead, hemp, and timber of all
kinds can be had at the lowest prices ruling in
any part of the country. In view of that state ot
things, I say, the committee authorized me to re-
port a bill for the reestablishment of the yard.
But. I have not yet had an opportunity to ask the
action of the House upon it; and I have, there-
fore, presented this amendment in the hope that
it may be adopted, and that we will thus be
able to accomplish the desired object, indirectly,
in the manner which I have proposed by the
