718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
indemnity for extraordinary expenses incurred by
her late husband, while in command of the Medi-
terranean squadron, and compensation for services
during the war of 1812, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of the late Captain Jesse D. Elliott;
which was read and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a bill from the House,
authorizing the purchase or construction of four
additional revenue cutters, reported it back with-
out amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John C. McLemore,
and others, citizens of California, praying that a
port of entry may be opened at the junction of the
Gtla and Colorado rivers, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of W. C. Dennis, in
favor of the imposition of a duty on salt and Sisal
hemp, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution in relation to man-
. ifests in certain cWs, reported it back with an
amendment.
Mr, GVVIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of Jacob
Cutter, R. C. Cutter, Horatia Coffin, and Charles
W. March, praying to be released from their
liability as sureties on the bond of Charles W.
Cutter, late navy agent at Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary; which was agreed to.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom were
referred the petition of Mary Portman, widow of
Henry Portman, and the petition of Isabella Duffy,
widow of Charles Duffy, whose husbands were
kilted while in the service of the Government, and
also the petition of Thomas Cahill, praying relief
on account of expenses incurred in consequence
of the death of his brother, Patrick Cahill, from
injuries received while in the service of the Gov-
ernment, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom were referred documents relating
to the claims of Charles Reeder, Walter R. John-
son, and the legal representatives of Thomas P.
Jones, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. FiTZPATPJCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Daniel Nippes, preying to be allowed an
additional price in the manufacture of certain
muskets, under a contract with the Secretary of
"War, submitted an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. BADGER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the order setting apart every Friday for
the con^idcr.ition of private business be, and the same is
heieby, rescinded.
CORRESPONDENCE OF MR. MONROE.
Mr, CLAYTON submitted the following reso-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to;
Resolve-!, That the Committee on the Library inquire
into the propiieiy of publishing, under Hie superintendence
of his exocutur, thu papers and correspondence of Mr. j
Monroe.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. WELLER. There is a resolution on the
table which 1 have been trying to get through for
several days. 1 ask the Senate now to take it up.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, which had been modified by Mr. Wel-
ler, so as to read:
Ordered, That, on and after to-morrow, the daily hour of
meeting shall be eleven o'clock, a. m.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the resolution, as modified, resulted—yeas 2-4,
Hays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adam', Badger, Bell, Brainerd, Brod-
Casrf, D-xlge nf Wisconsin, Douglas, Fess-enden,
Geycr. Gwm, Houston, Hunter, James, Joaes ot Tennes-
see, Maiiory, Shields, Stuart, Thomson of
Jyew Jersey, Wade, VyeJlcr, and Wilson—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Brown,
Chase, Clay, Clayton, Cooper, Dawson", Evans, Fifz-
patnek, Foot, Hamlin, Johnson, Mason, Morton, Pearce,
Sebastian, Seward, Slide)!, Sumner, and Toucey—21.
So the order was adopted.
PENSIONS OF REVOLUTIONARY SOLDIERS.
Mr. CASS. I present a resolution to which, I
suppose, there will be no objection on the part of
any Senator:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing, by law, Uiat all
officers and soldieis of the revolutions y army now living
and drawing a pension less than $'00 a year, shall from the
first day of January last past, iceeive a pension of $IUU per
yeai during the term of their natural life.
This subject has been brought to my attention
in consequence of a letter which I received yester-
day, stating the condition of a revolutionary pen-
sioner, who is now ninety-two years of age, and
receives but thirty-two dollars a year. I think
there is not a member of this body who would not
agree to give him more. This resolution, it will
be observed, is confined to those who were officers
or soldiers of the Revolution, and are now living.
The resolution v^\s considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreea to.
CAPTORS OF THE BRITISH BRIG CALEDONIA.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported a bill for the benefit of the captors
of the British brig Caledonia, in the war of 1812,
which was read the first time, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. BELL. In consequence of the extraordi-
nary character of this case 1 ask the Senate to con-
sider the bill now.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. Its purpose is to direct the payment of
$25,000 to the captors of the Caledonia, or to their
legal representatives—the payment to be made to
Prances C. Elliott, widow of the late Captain
Jesse D. Elliott, and the legal representatives of
the late General Nathan Towson, then a captain
of artillery, and to the officers and men engaged
in the capture, or their legal representatives, in
such proportions as each may be found entitled to,
according to the usages of the naval service.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, it n proper per-
haps that I should make a brief statement of the
merits of this case. On the 8th of October, 1812,
two British brigs came down Lake Erie, one
called the Detroit, and the other the Caledonia.
The Detroit anchored about two miles above Fort
Erie, and the Caledonia anchored immedia'ely
under the guns of Fort Erie, then in the posses-
sion of the British. Lieutenant Elliott, who was
then in command of a small American squadron
at Black Rock, conceived the design immediately
of capturing those brigs on that night; but, as he
had not a sufficient force of his own for the pur-
pose, he made a requisition on General Smith,
who commanded the American troops at the time,
to give him a detachment to aid him. Thirty men
out of two companies of artillery, (Captain Tow-
son commanding-the one, and Captain Barker the
other,) were detached for the purpose. As they
were both captains, the question of command was
decided by lot. It fell on the gallant Towson,
Their plan of attack was to row up the lake from
the mou'h of Buffilo creek in their boats, with
muffled oars, until they could getabove both brigs.
Lieutenant Elliott was in command of one boat,
which was to attack the Detroit above. Sailing
master Watts, in order that the usages of the ser-
vice might be conformed to, remained in command
of the other boat on board of which was Captain
Towson and his thirty artillerymen.
It was intended that Lieutenant Elliott should
first attack and capture the Detroit. It being very
dark, however, as they proceeded up Lake Erie,
and turned their bows towards the mouth of the
Niagara, Captain To wson's boat got ahead of Lieu-
tenant Elliott's, passed the Detroit, was hailed but
not fired into, it being very dark. When, how-
ever, they got opposite the Caledonia, sailing-mas-
ter Watts said, *' we are too far below." They
had then got into the current cf the lake which
discharges itself into the Niagara river. Sai'ing-
master Watts said, 's We are too far from
shore; we cannot reach the brig; and we will not
make the attempt." He accordingly directed the
bow of the boat to be turned down the stream.
Captain Towson sprung to his feet, and said " No;
I assume the command and take the responsibil-
ity. " He asked the pilot if he could reach the
Caledonia. The officer said, <( Yes, sir," and the
response of Towson was, " Then do it.M They
did reach the Caledonia, though they had difficulty
in closing their grappling irons. A destructive
fire was poured into them as soon as they came
alongside of her, but still they used their grapnels,
got on board, and captured her. Shortly after-
wards, Lieutenant Elliott captured the Detroit.
Both vessels were got under way, and were turned
down the stream, but unluckily both were grounded
—Captain Towson's a little below the Detroit.
As soon as the morning light appeared, the
British guns of the fort were fired on both vessels.
Lieutenant Elliott set fire to the Detroit, burned her
up, and sent an officer to demand that the Cale-
donia should also be fired. Captain Towson said,
" No; 1 see no necessity for it, and we will retain
her if we can." Most, if not all the marines de-
serted her. They said it was not worth while to
seek to get her off. She had then been grounded
for a second time. She had beengotcfFonce, and
was grounded again. Captain Towson v/ould not
obey the order, but insisted on saving the vessel,
if possible, lie received some protection from
the guns on the American side, and the vessel
was saved.
The testimony as to the value of that brig
varies from $15,000 to $30 000, with her arma-
ment. Some state her value at $15,000, without
her armament. The testimony is, that her cargo
—she having been employed to carry a rich cargo
of furs and peltries—was worth $200,000 A large
proportion of that, it is stated, was turned over to
the commissary's or quartermaster's stores, and
used by the troops during the severity of that
winter. Most of the cargo, however, was sent to
New York; and, being claimed by Mr. Astor, a
legal investigation was had. The suit was decided
against him; but, unluckily, the money went into
the hands of the clerk of the court, who proved a
defaulter, and the captors never got a cent.
As we had no definite proof as to the value of
the cargo, which went into the possession of the
American troops, the committee came to the con-
clusion to allow nothing for it. It may be that
some proof of it will come to light hereafter, and
then, perhaps, Congress may think it necessary
and proper to make an allowance. In 1814, Con-
gress voted to Lieutenant E liott and his men, and
the crews of the two boats, a gratuity for their
gallant services in burning the Detroit. On some
ground—not mysterious, but attempted to be
shown in this proof—probably on account of the
delicacy of Captain Towson himself, and some
misunderstanding between him and Lieutenant
Elliott, for a long time no notice was taken of it.
Congrces, in voting the testimonial to the gallantry
of Lieutenant Elliott on that occasion, passed by
Captain Towson entirely unnoticed; and yet he
was undoubtedly the sole author of the capture of
the Caledonia, Lieutenant Elliott only being enti-
tled to the credit of having conceived the design.
The committee propose to make no allowance •
for the cargo of the vessel, but to give a medium
amount, according to the testimony, of the value of
the Caledonia, which became an American vessel,
and I have statements in my hand showing that
next to the flag-ship of Commodore Perry, she
rendered most gallant service on Lake Erie, on
another occasion, when British vessels were cap-
tured. If, after this statement, there is any oppo-
sition to the bill, 1 have not another word to say.
Mr. HUNTER, i hope the bill will be suffered
to go over*. \ should hke to look into it.
The PRESIDENT Objection being made, the
bill will lie over until to-morrow,
Mr. EVANS. I move that the report in the
case be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House, announced that they
had passed Senate bill to authorize the issue of a
register to the Russian-built ship Aina, without
amendment; that they had passed, with amend-
ments, Senate bill to promote the efficiency of the
Navy; and that they had passed a bill making an
appropriation for military defenses at Proctor's
Landing, Louisiana.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced the signing by
the Speaker of the following enrolled bills; which
