THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1855.
New Series....No. 46.
some treaty stipulation, shall require the payment to be
rtado otherwise, u der the direction of the President. Nor
shall the Executive branch of the Government, now or
h' reafter, reccgmze any contract between any Indian, or
tribe, or part of a tribe, and any attorney or agent, for the
p -ojecuti<m of any claim against the Government, under
this act."
The law was intended, I say, to cover the whole
ground, to compel the payment of these funds to
the Indians per capita, and to declare absolutely
null, so far as the Government is concerned, all
the contracts made by agents and attorneys with
the Indians. What is the claim in this case?
Why, sir, the amendment proposes that it shall
be referred to the Second Comptroller of the Treas-
ury, as it now stands, to decide how much this
attorney is entitled to under his contract, just
such a contract as the law which I have read de-
clares to be utterly null, and expressly prohibits
the officers of the Government from recognizing,
that he is to examine the claim under that con-
tract, and to pay what is due to him legally or
equitably, and to pay it, sir, out of the funds be-
longing to that tribe of Indians.
To show what was the sense of Congress at
that time, let me read a portion of the remarks of
a member from North Carolina, who renewed ati
amendment which had been offered to this effect.
He says:
"In the five years that I have been a member of this
Congress, claim-agents have stood around like buzzards
around the carcase of a dead horse. Whenever a poor In-
dian gets* a claim allowed him, they pounce down unon
htm, and one fourth, one half, or two thirds of the money
falls into the hands of these'men, who profess to be his
friend* and agents The) have even filed caveats.
" I heard of a case, the other day, in winch a claim-
agent in tins city filed Ins caveat with the Department, and
a portion of fie claim was withheld for his tee. The poor
Indian com«*s here with a just claim against the Govt rn-
ment. He falls-into the hands of a set or" borer-* andclaim-
agents, and when at last tardy justice is done him, and his
claim is allowed, these claim-agents pouncc down upon
him, fix their talons in him, and carry off two thirds of the
money, leaving him the skin and bones, teeth and toe-
nails.
" Sir, we ought to protect the poor Tndian. We know
heis a savage. We know he is improvident. We profess
to be a Chiistian people, and his guardians,-and jet we
place him in a position that, when we pay him that which
he is entitled to under <>U' treaty, it all ta:l< into the hands
of those who hang around lum, and rob him of ail the
Government has given him."
Mr. BENJAMIN. Whose remarks are those?
Mr. STUART. They are the remarks of Mr.
Venable, of North Carolina. That was almost
the unanimous sentiment of the House of Rep-
resentatives; and it was corroborated, at the lime,
by Mr. Hall, of Missouri, as appears by the same
volume, who represented a border State, and who
was conversant with these practices; 1 say that
the moral sense of Congress had become shocked
to that extent that it passed this law to put an
end to the whole affair.
Now, sir, what is the position of this claimant
in connection with that law? He claims under
a contract made with the Indians. What is that
contract for? A part of it is claimed for the rea-
son that he prevented the Indians from carrying
out the treaty which they had made. That is a
part of the service for which he claims. He
claims to have been instrumental in preventing
the Indians from fulfilling the treaty of 1848, and
removing to their reservation in Minnesota.
Now, Mr. President, Jet me turn the attention
of the Senate, for a moment, to another law that
stands upon the statute-books of this country.
The thirteenth section of the " act to regulate
trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and
to preserve peace on the frontiers," passed June
30, 1834, provides, "that if any utizen or other
person residing within the United States or the
Territories thereof, shall send any talk, speech,
message, or letter, to any Indian nation, tribe,
chief, or individual, with an intention to produce
a contravention or infraction of any treaty or
other law of the United States, or to disturb the
peace and tranquillity of the United States, he
shall forfeit and pay the sum of $2,000."
Section fourteen provides for a forfeiture of
$1,000 on the part of any person who delivers such
talk, speech, &c.
46
Section fifteen, among other things, provides
that, if" any citizen or other person shall alienate
or attempt to alienate the confidence of any Indian
or Indians, from the Government of the United
States, he shall forfeit the sum of $1,000.
Let me call the attention of the Senate to a
letter which this agent sent to this tribe, to see
whether it is not in contravention of the sections
of the intercourse act which I have just read. In
that letter he says:
(< I have not forgotten you, but have thought of you very
often, ard hope that you are well, and that your women
and children are well- I thought that I should come to
see you all before now, and sent you word that I should do
so. I was so certain that 1 should come, that I got ready
to start, and had me a good thick coat made to keep me
warm up in your cold eh mate; but f have had a good deal
to do lor you since your delegation came here last fall with
Osh-kosh. I have been trying all the time to get you more
money (or your land, and io get you pay for what Colonel
Medill cheated you out of when he made the treaty of 1848.
I am still at work at it, and shall not stop till I get it. f
find that if I were to leave your business now and turn
my back upon it, there would be danger of your not getting
anything."
I shall not read the whole letter, but a few ex-
tracts.
" f told your delegation when they were here, it is very
hard to break a treaty."
That was hia business, Mr. President, "break-
ing a treaty."
" And I do not think I could do it at all, so as to get any-
thing for you. if I were to go away from here before the
matter is decided, for Colonel Medill has a great many
friends, and they would take advantage of tny absence; but
by staying here and watching everything closely, [ am
almost" certain that I shall get you more money before
spring."
Colonel Medill, the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, has a great many friends heie; and if this
agent does not stay here, and keep up his invest-
ment around Congress, with his sappers and
miners, and trappers, he will not be able to break
the treaty. Here him a little further on:
"I knew that you had been cheated bv Colonel Medill,
and was determined that justice should be done you if it
was in my power."
Mr. President, compare that with the inter-
course act, and see if this is not <c a talk," a " let-
ter" sent there for the purpose indicated in that
act, and whether he is not now liable to be pun-
ished, under that intercourse act, for what he has
done? I wish to read a little further on. He
sends up certain papers that he wants signed, and
says:
" I hope you will attend to this business directly, a«! Con-
gress will adjourn on the 4th ot March, and if you do not
get your money before that time, you will have to wait more
than a year for it. It is for thn reason I stand here and
send a friend to you, that you mav send me word by him as
soon as possible. f advise you to loa-e no time, but to attend
to tin- business at once. As I cannot go to see you now,
and as my Irierid, Mr. Ewing" 
I call attention to that, for it is important in other
connections.
" As mv friend Mr. Ewing b a!«o here helping me in
some business, and cannot leave, I have sent this to my
friend in Inoi.in.i, and requeued turn to go up and take it
to you, as i am anxious y< u should have it. I wi*h him to
put it m your hands, and I hope >ou will be satisfied with
the condition of your biwne*-*. The friend [ send this by
is Mr. Richard Chute, whom you all know."
That is one of the firm of Ewing & Co., traders.
He then sends his respects to the people. Mr.
Chute says:
" My Friends: [cannot go to see you, as your friend
and able attorney desires ; but Judge Ewing will go in my
stead. He is in every way worthy of your confidence, and
will do all he can tofeerve you."
There are other letters here in connection with
the same thing, some of which are particularly
rich; but, in connection with this, let me read two
more. Here is a letter from Mr. Ewing, written
to Mr. J. B. Jacobs:
" 1 have ju«t returned from the Wisconsin, where I was
with Major Bruee, who. after seeing most of the Menomo-
n.-es ha* kindly certified Colonel Thompson's papers:
same as Colonel Babeock and Colon* 1 Lea did like ones for
us !a«t fall, and for Colonel Thompson.
[ wa« never before acquainted with Major Bruce, hut
I now believe that he ha« the true interest of the Menomo
nees at bean, and desires to do nil he can, consistent with
his official duty, to promote their true, present, and future
interests."
That is the Indian agent.
"Major Druce says that MedilJ's map did not incttt&ethei
Menomonee country west of the Wisconsin, and a largo
pirt of it north ofLakePow-an he gon,and only embraced
ah nt a quarter of a million of acrcsout of ali their country.
"This will be of great service at Washington in prose-
cuting the claim of the Menomonees, and I hope that there
will be union and friendship between the agent and all in-
terested in those Indian matters; he can help very much."
There itis: an agreement with the Indian agent
that he is to turn in and help these claim agents,
and attorneys, and by his action he can " hejp
much." Now let me turn over the leaf to an agree-
ment made and entered into between W. G. and
G. W. Ewing and William H. Bruce in April,
1851, by which Mr. Bruce, the Indian agent,
agreed " to place no obstacle in the way of their
collection;"—that is the collection of claims of the
Ewings—and to aid the attorney of said Meno-
monee Indians in prosecuting a claim in favor of
said Indians against the United States, for addi-
tional remuneration, for the lands sold by them in
the treaty of 1848; and that he will in no way or
manner put any obstacle in the way of the prose-
cution of said claim, but will aid and assist in pro-
curing the largest possible additional remuneration
for the largest quantity of land, and the largest
consideration specified in the report of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs to the Secretary of the
Interior, just made.
In consideration of which, by this agreement,
they stipulated to pay the Indian agent $5S000
down, and if they succeeded, #5,000 more. Here,
in the documents, is the paper signed and sealed.
Mr. ADAMS. Signed by whom?
Mr. STUART. By W. G. and G. W. Ewing
and William II. Bruce. On the preceding page
I find a letter dated Fort Wayne, March 29,1851,
written by W. G. Ewing, senior, to MajarBruce,
and I call the especial attention of the Senate to it:
" Dear Fir: On reaching home I found letters from my
brother, giving an account of the amendments tacked on
to the annual Indian appropriation bill in the Uotisc, much
of whi' li he attributes to Mr. ****** n> get Colonel R. W.
Thompson legislated out of the office of commissioner to
treat with the i^ioux and half breeds; and belore he geta
throuqh with it he may have occasion to regret the part he
played in it."
Sir, no man is safe; no member of Congress ia
safe. The Halls of Congress, as well $s tha
Treasury of the country, are surrounded by men
whose business itis to make money; and from
the exhibition which we had here yesterday, a
simple retailed statement of what this attorney
had stated, it is evident that they are ready to sac-
rifice the Indian, they ore ready to sacrifice the
character of any officer, and to sacrifice the char-
acter of any member of Congress if he stands in
their path between their desire and the money of
the Indians. That is the question, sir, which is
presented here to-day. In this letter it will be
seen that they threatened a member of Congress:
" before he gets through with it he may have oc-
casion to regret the part he played in it." The
letter continues: " In these same amendments"-—
we shall presently see what they are—
" fn these same amendments, all the agents and sub-
agents were legislated out. and but seventeen out of twenty-
three east of the Rocky mountains and north of Mexico,
and Texa=, retained ; omitting six, when our country rather
calls for an increase of them. I am surprised at our Whig
Administration for this. Among tins number, you and aU
inMiehi an are omitted.
" Neither your office, nor that of commissioner to treat
with the Sioux, wa* either very important or profitable, yet
I regret to see uncalled tor change*; ai d particularly so, as
they appeared to have been instigated by the recentapostate
ftom the Whig cause, Mr. Locofoeo ******, Colonel
Thompson i> much exasperated. During this short session
there has been much excitement, and but little effected in
these Indian matters. Nothing done or moved in the Me-
nomonee mailers; they are as before, and most likely will
remain so for another year. In the mean tune, if the Presi-
dent requires them to move west, the contract for that object
will be an object."
Here they display themselves again. They
make claims before Congress, and whenever Con-
gress adjourns, and they have no opportunity to
get liws passed to plunder the Indians, they turn
round to the Indian Department and seek to get a
contract for the removal of the Indians, so as to
obtain plunder in that direction. But I have not
yet done with this letter:
