t-H
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
attorney to the Shawnees on the morning before
the payment 
Mr. BROWN. Will the Senator be kind
enough to tell who it is that reported that speech?
I never heard of it before. It seems to be in
manuscript.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator desires to know,
I will tell him.
Mr. BROWN. I do desire to know.
Mr. STUART. This speech was sent to the
Commissioner of Indian. Affairs, by Mr. Cum-
ming. it was taken down at the time in the
council by a man who was educated and intelli-
gent, but who Thompson did not know was there;
and it is certified to be correct by him and by the
interpreter.
Mr. BROWN. By whom was it reported?
Mr. STUART. The man's name I cannot
giv?; but I will procure it.
Mr. HUNTER. His name is in the printed
Executive document before the Senator.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the Senator from Michigan who is the Senator
alluded to in that speech?
Mr. STUART. I do not know. The Senator
from Mississippi is at liberty to look at the docu-
ment, although it belongs to Executive business,
lie will there find the name. Here, then, are the
facts connected witn that Shawnee payment. I ;
suppose there are, perhaps, more than a score of
gentlemen here who know agent Cumming, who
will certify to his integrity in all respects. I re-
peat, he was obliged to take thirteen soldiers with
bayonets to carry out the law; and yet this attor-
ney, who made himself amenable to the Indian
intercourse laws of the United States, and who is
indictable and punishable for it, comes in here and
asks as honorable a gentleman as the Senator from
Mississippi—and he is as honorable as any other
man—to make a statement which is to mislead and
delude the Senate of the United States, practicing
a fraud on that honorable Senator by not divulg-
ing to him the facts in the case, when, as 1 have
shown, the facts are before the Senate,and can be
got at by any honorable Senator. He made a
speech to the Shawnees that morning, of the
character which I have read. I am told, on the
authority of the same Indian agent, Mr. Cumming,
that there was an agreement between Thompson
and the chief, in that case, that the chief was to
have $4,000 of the money.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator does say that he
Knows so.
Mr. STUART. I say so on the authority of
Mr. Cumming. There are many other facts which
I shall not detain the Senate by detailing; but, I
think, Mr. President, I have shown enough to
satisfy the Senate of the United States that this
claim should not be acted upon in an amendment
upon an appropriation bill. Let us look at it, let
us examine it upon its own merits, and upon a full
report, when the Indian's side can be heard, as
well aS the attorney's side. I have shown you
upon the authority of the superintendent at Mil-
waukie, that these Indians did not know what
contract they had given, or what services Thomp-
son had performed; and when he told the Indians
afterwards in council that the whole contract was
a nullity, and of no force against them, they
seemed perfectly satisfied.
It is srfid that it is no matter whether the Gov-
ernment pays this money now or pays it in 18G7.
Why, sir, to receive it now would make it worth
double to the claimant. The interest on the money
from now until 1367 will double it; and whether
hegets $84,000 now or then, makes $84,000 differ-
ence to him. Eighty-four thousand dollars is the
amount, for his contract is one third of what the
Indians might receive. I think the consideration
stated by the superintendent of Indian affairs may
be well considered by the Senate. He says he told
the Indians that he denied their right to appropri-
ate the money which belonged to the Indians of
the next generation in this mode. Yes, sir, the
effect of the law of 1852, requiring the payment of
installments per capita, is to secure the money to the
generations as they live and last. Sir, they are
melting away like snow before the sun. There is
scarcely a remnant of any tribe remaining. Fast
are they being obliterated, and with equal facility
are they being eaten up by the bad practices which
they have learned from the white people. If there is
any duty that this Government owes to them which
is higher than any other, it ia to secure their money
to succeeding generations, and pay it to them ptr
capita, so that they may wear out the balance of
their existence—not in comfort, for that is impos-
sible, but with as little discomfort and as little
suffering as the great laws of the Deity will seem
to permit. Every principle which is involved in
the Christian guardianship of the Indian race is
violated by carrying out this arrangement.
Now, sir, whatsoever the Senate and Congress
of the United States shall, in their wisdom, see fit
to do in this matter will meet my acquiescence;
but 1 shall feel, not only to-day, but ever, that I
have discharged my duty in seeking to retain such
a guardianship over these funds as in some degree
might relieve this suffering and unfortunate people.
Sir, for all the reasons which I have indicated—
and 1 shall not consume time by recapitulating
them—I am compelled to vote against this propo-
sition in any and every form in which it may be
presented.
Mr. BROWN. I did not expect, Mr. Presi-
dent, when I came to the Senate Chamber this
morning, that there was to be a general reopening
of the discussion upon this proposition; much less
did I anticipate that we were to be drawn into a
full review of all our relations with the Indian
tribes. The magnitude of the case did not seem
to me to require any such discussion; but since it
has pleased other gentlemen to enter thus into
those questions, I shall be excused, as the intro-
ducer of this amendment, for giving some further
explanation as to why 1 offered it, and some fur-
ther defense of its justice.
Now, sir, 1 implore the Senate to disregard what
the Senator from Michigan has said in reference
to the Messrs. Ewing and their transactions with
the Indians. There is no amendment pending
here to pay them anything; they have no sort of
connection with this claim, or with this claimant,
so far as I know or have reason to believe. What-
ever may have been their transactions with the
Shawnees, or with any other Indians, it does not
touch this claim in any manner, shape, or form.
If the Senate have been paying attention to the
remarks of the honorable Senator from Michigan,
it has not escaped their observation, that about
four fifths of the charges which he has preferred,
have been laid at the door of the Messrs. Ewing.
I say I know nothing of their transactions with
the Indians, and I care less. If I had introduced
an amendment to pay them money, I should have
understood the basis upon which it was intro-
duced. I am responsible, Mr President, for the
introduction of this amendment; but I am in no
way responsible for the conduct of the Ewings,or
any other agents, in their transactions and deal-
ings with the Indian tribes.
There is, however, one point introduced by the
Senator from Michigan in connection with them,
which by mere chance I am enabled to explain,
and that is in reference to the pretended bribery of
Mr. Bruce, who was an Indian sub-agent. The
Messrs. Ewing, as I understand, having had rea-
son to believe that Druce was ready to sell himself,
for the purpose of exposing him before the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, did enter into the
agreement which the Senator has read this morn-
ing; but upon the dawning of the very next day,
they carried the agreement to the then Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, Mr. Luke Lea, and ex-
hibited to him the damning proof that his axent
was untrustworthy and was capable of being
bribed. That is the paper which is now paraded
here. The late Commissioner of Indian Affairs
himself, who has no interest in this transaciion,
has told me that this is the truth of the case. The
whole thing was exposed to him the next day,
and it was done for the purpose of showing him
that his agent was not trustworthy. Yet that
matter is brought in by the Senator from Michi-
gan, although I cannot see that Mr. Thompson
had any connection with it at all, because it was a
contract between the Ewings and Bruce.
Now, Mr. President, I ask the Senate to bear
with me for a few moments while I go back to the
foundation of this claim, because it seems to have
been drawn in question by the remarks of my hon-
orable friend trom Michigan. A great deal of
stress was laid by him on the declaration of Mr.
Thompson that the late Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, Mr. Medill, had " cheated " the Indians.
Well, sir, it is a matter of taste whether it were
better to employ that or some other milder term.
I will state the transaction, and leave the Senate
to determine whether it was properly described
by the word " cheat."
Mr. Medill went out under the direction of Pres-
ident Polk to treat with the Menomonee Indiana
for the purchase of their lands. Without going
into a full detail of all the little minuti® which I
once examined, but which have now partly faded
from my memory, I will simply state that there
was a misunderstanding, an acknowledged mis-
understanding as to the number of acres of land
which Mr. Medill was acquiring from the tribe.
Some marks were made upon the ground and some
explanation given, which induced the Indians to
believe that they only owned about so many mil-
lions of acres. I forge' the number. Mr. Medill
was instructed by the President to pay notexceed-
ing eighteen and three fourth cents an acre for the
land, but he bought it from the Indians at a less
price, I think for about eleven and one fourth cents.
He never disclosed to them the fact that be was
authorized to pay them as high as eighteen and
three fourth cents, and he bought from them, under
representations made by himself, a much larger
number of acres than the Indians were induced to
believe they were selling. I forget the number of
millions, but it was several millions of acres which
we acquired.
You know, Mr. President, and so does every
man who is at all acquainted with the nature of the
Indian, that he has no idea of the size of an acre
of land. He has no idea of taking general land-
marks, as a river at one place, a mountain at an-
other, and another great natural mark somewhere
else, arid computing that there are so many acre3
of land within those limits. The Indians believed
they were selling this land by the acre, and were
to have eleven and one fourth cents for each acre
they sold. When you came to Burvey it, you
ascertained that you had very many millions of
acres more than you yourselves told ihe Indians
you bought, and more than they thought you were
buying when you were treating with them. The
Indians, of course, became dissatisfied as soon as
they ascertained that they had, to use Mr. Thomp-
son's expression, been " cheated " as to the num-
ber of acres they were selling, and that the agent
sent there, instead of telling them that their great
father was willing to pay eighteen and three fourth
cents an acre, bought the land from them at eleven
and one fourth cents.
This was the cheat alluded to by Mr. Thomp-
son. If he meant to say that Mr. Medill had
corruptly cheated them, that he had dealt unfairly
with them from improper motives, I do not agree
with him. But that he did not deal fairly with
them according to their understanding, is true
beyond all question.
Well, sir, how did the matter come up? The
Indians feeling that they had not been dealt with
fairly, employed Mr. Thompson to prosecute their
claim. He brought it before the Committee on
Indian Affairs on a memorial. The question was
investigated, and the committee came deliberately
to the conclusion that we had got millions of acres
from the Menomonee Indians for which we had
paid them no compensation. I appeal to my col-
leagues on the committee, if this is not true, and
if there was any question on the mind of any
man who had investigated it that we had received
millions of acres from this tribe for which we had
paid nothing? Is it not equally true that the com-
mittee had come to the conclusion to recommena
to Congress to pay to the tribe over §400,000 for
tbe additional lands which we had got, and for
which we had paid nothing? Mr. Thompson
brought their claim to this point when the Depart-
ment entered into a treatv with the Indians, and
agreed to pay them $150,000.
After that treaty was made, this attorney of the
Indians, true to the interests of his clients, came
to Congress and again said: "this is unjust to-
wards my clients; 1 have been employed by the
Indians to prosecute their claim; Congress was on
the very eve of voting them $400 000, when the
commissioner sent post haste to thetn and made
a treaty for $150,000, and 1_ protest against it "
So well were the Committee on Indian Affairs
satisfied that this was not right, that they recom-
mended an addition of over $90,000 to the sura
agreed by the treaty to be paid to those Indians;
and the Senat? adopted that provision.
This, Mr. President, is the basis of the present
claim, and these are the services which have been
rendered by Mr. Thompson. Instead of attack-
