1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
720
ing his services in reference to this particular
claim, the Senator from Michigan goes on and
talks about what the Ewings have been doing—
what Indian traders and attorneys generally have
been doing; and about the attempt to bribe agent
Bruce, wiih which Mr. Thompson is in no way
connected as I know of; for certainly, his name
does not appear upon the paper.
The Senator, also, alluded to a speech said to
have been made by Thompson to the Shawnee
Indians. Without disclosing names, I may say
that the reporter of that speech is a person of whom
I never heard before, and I solemnly declare that
until this morning, I never heard that there was
such a speech. Though it seems to have been
among the printed documents of last year, it es-
caped my observation. What is the certificate of
the person who reported that speech, for that has
an important bearing upon this point. It does
not purport to be a literal transcript of what Mr.
Thompson said; but the certificate is:
" The foregoing is, in snbstance and language, as well
as I remember, llie speech of Colonel R. W. 'lhompson,
spoken before tin; Shawnee council."
You, Mr. President, have made popular speeches
and so have many other gentlemen here. How
would you like to have some man, not friendly to
you, but who was interested in breaking you
down, prepare a report, some time after you had
made your speech, " as well as he could remem-
ber?" Whatsortof report of a man's speech is
that? What injustice tnay not be done to a pub-
lic speaker if that sort of report of a speech is
to be received by the Senate, and govern its de-
cision ? I know not whether the paper read by
the Senator this morning is the same that is printed
in the Executive documents, but I believe it is.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. BR.OWN. Then, I say there is no pre-
tense, even by the man who translated it from the
Indian into the English, or vice versa, that it isa lit-
eral transcript of what Thompson said; but it seems
to have been written down from memory some
time after the speech was delivered. If it be true
that Mr. Thompson has been tampering with a
member of Congress corruptly, to procure him to
advocate his claim here or in the other House of
Congress, then I have wholly mistaken the char-
acter of the man.
Mr. BRIGHT. Will the Senator allow me, at
this point, to say a word or two?
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir; with pleasure.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not wish to be considered
as taking part in this discussion; but having heard
the paper, which is being alluded to, read by the
Senator from Michigan, I felt that it was due to
Mr. Thompson, who is a constituent of mine,
that I should advise him of what had been stated
by the Senator, or rather of the contents of the
paper which had been read, and ask him whether
there was any truth it or not. He has authorized
me to say for him, that it is a sheer fabrication
from beginning to end; false in its conception, and
false in its publication; and that there is no man
living who dare face him and make the statement
that he ever, either by word or deed, intimated to
any one that he had thus operated on a Senator.
I say this much in justice to Mr. Thompson, that
his case may not be prejudiced by the introduction
of a paper whose falsity is proved, permit me to
eay, sir, by every act of Mr. Thompson's life.
Mr. STUART. I only wish to say in reply
to the Senator from Indiana, that if you will com-
pare the statements in that paper indicative of the
conduct of Mr. Thompson on that occasion , with
the papeis which are admitted to be genuine in
respect to the Menomonee claim, the one is equally
with the other in violation of the intercourse law.
And, sir, I appealed before to the honorable Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Dodge,] who was then
out, but who is now in his seat, to state what is
the character of Mr. Huebschman, the superin-
tendent, who certifies officially to the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs that Thompson's opera-
tions were carried on there in the night, in a
manner in which the Indians could not have under-
stood them.
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish to ask the Senator
who was ihe reporter of that speech?
Mr. BROWN. I would rather have the matter
of the speech settled now; Mr. Huebschman has
no connection with that.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin. Mr. President,
as my name has been mentioned by the honorable
Senator from Michigan, I will state that I know
Dr. Huebschman, the present superintendent of
Indian affairs, resident in Milwaukie, in the State
which I have the honor, in part, to represent. I
knew him when he was a member of our conven-
tion, and I knew him when he was a State Sena-
tor. He is agentleman of high character and high
standing in'the State, fie is a German—one of
those respectable Germans who emigrated to that
portion of the country some years ago. He is a
man in whose integrity and honor I have the
greatest confidence.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to aslt a question of
the Senator from Michigan, merely for informa-
tion. How did the paper which he read get
into the Senate? Was it reported from any one
of the Departments, or forwarded to the Senator
from Michigan?
Mr. S TUART. The paper was sent, as I un-
derstand, by Mr. Cumming, the Indian superin-
tendent, to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
and I procured a copy of it from his office.
Mr. DAWSON. Then the Commissioner does
not report it to the Senate of" the United States, in
any official form or shape.
Mr. STUART. The Commissioner has com-
municated it in Executive session, with other
papers. The copy which I had, I obtained at the
Indian Bureau this morning.
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish to ask who reported
that speech ?
Mr. BROWN. It seems, by the name signed
to it, that it was reported by Sam Johnson Huf-
faker, and who he is, nobody on earth knows.
Mr. STUART. Iluffaker is his name. I un-
derstand Mr. Cumming knows him.
Mr. BROWN. Who is Mr. Cumming?
Mr. STUART. The Indian agent, as reputa-
ble a man, I understand, as there is.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, you now see
how this matter stands. Here is a report of a
speech, made by a person who seems to have no
sort of connection with the Government, reported
upon his remembrance of what occurred. 1 have
already commented upon that, and shown how
easy it is, by the change of words, and especially
when you are translating from one language into
another, even without design, grossly to misrep-
resent a party; but where there is design to do so
it is the most easy and palpable thing in the world.
The Senator from Michigan has commented,
with some degree of warmth, on the fact that 1,
yesterday, alluded to what the claimant in this
case had said to me. Now, it turns out to-day
that Mr. Cumming was one of the parties alluded
to in that statement, though I never before heard
his name mentioned. I did not know there was
such a man. Doubtless he is a very honorable,
high-toned gentleman; I have nothing to say
against him. If, however,I am to be lectured by
the Senator from Michigan, and if I am to be
told that it is very extraordinary that I should
come here to relate what Mr. Thompson said in
his own defense in this matter, stating it upon his
responsibility, and giving his name; if that is so
remarkable, then how shall my friend from Mich-
igan excuse himself for going into the out-door
statements of Mr. Cumming?
Mr. STUART. I thoughtl made that so plain
that I could not possibly be misunderstood. 1
said it was remarkable that any agent or attorney
should ask a Senator to state, in his name, such a
thing. That is what I said.
Mr. BROWN. It is not at all remarkable, for
the fact does not happen to be as the gentleman
says it is. Mr. Thompson did not ask me to do
any such thing. He chanced to make a statement
to me in the course of a conversation, not in refer-
ence to this claim, but in reference to Indian affairs
generally. Subsequently I called his attention to
that part of the conversation m relation to this
particular case, and he repeated it. Deeming it
very extraordinary, and foreseeing that it might
perhaps become important to repeat it in the dis-
cussion of his claim for justice, 1 asked him if I
could repeat it in the Senate if I should think it
necessary. He said "yes." It was not £iven to
me with any request that I should state it to the
Senate: but I asked for authority to mention it if
I should think the occasion required it, and 1 will
now state how the contingency arose, which, as
I thought, required me to make the statement.
The Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Toccey] sub-
mitted to me yesterday a question whieh, he said,
was weighing upon his mind. I am jeorry that
that Senator is not now in his seat to bear out my
statement. His question was this: If these In-
dians are so anxious to pay Mr. Thompson, wlijr
do they not do it? Has. the Government ever
interfered to prevent their paying their just debts?
Recollecting this conversation which Mr. Thomp-
son had with me, and which he hai authorized
me to repeat—not requested me; I did not say
that; but which, on my application, he had
authorized me, if 1 thought it necessary to repeat
it—when thus approached by the Senator from
Connecticut, I mentioned the fact to show that
in that instance there had been an interference on
the pert of Government officers to prevent Indians
from paying their just debts. In making that
statement I did not mean to assail Mr. Cumming
in any possible degree; I did not mean to charge
that the Commissioner of Indian Affairs had been
guilty of impropriety, but simply to state the fact
as I learned it from Thompson himself. I stated
it simply to show the Senator from Connecticut,
and others who thought with him, that there had
been an interference by the Government agents to
prevent Indians paying over what they believed
themselves they owed their agents, and were will-
ing and anxious to pay them. This is my expla-
nation of that. If any injustice has been done to
anybody, no one regrets it more than myself.
Sir, my friend from Michigan says this whole
transaction of Thompson's is in contravention of
the act of 1852. I beg to call attention to the fact
that the contract was made long anterior to the
passage of that law; that it was an actual subsist-
ing contract, and the greater portion of the ser-
vices were rendered before that act was passed by
Congress. Was it your intention, Mr. President;
was it the intention of honorable Senators, in
passing that law, to step in and abrogate contracts
already made, and to deny payment for services
already rendered? If this was the object of the
law, 1 think you have overstepped the bounds
of moderation, and the sooner you retrace your
steps back to the point of doing justice, the bet-
ter. I am not complaining of the law; and if Mr.
Thompson had made his contract in violation of
the subsisting laws of the land, I should not have
stood up here to defend his rights. But, sir, he
had an actual existing contract at the time you
passed the law, and he had rendered a large por-
tion of the service. Now, suppose he had ex-
pended a large sum of money in traveling back-
wards and forwards from his residence here, and
going to the Indian nation to see his clients, pay-
ing heavy expenses in the city of Washington, for
staying here to prosecute the claim; suppose he
had spent $3,000, or $4,000, or $5,000, at the time
you passed that law, was he to abandon his con-
tract with the Indians, throw down all he ha'i
done for them, in order to prosecute their suit to
a successful termination, abandon all their rights,
and abandon what he had already invested in the
enterprise? Certainly no one would have ex-
pected him to do that. He simply went on under
his contract with the Indians, concluded his labors,
recovered a large amount for them, and now asks
to be paid for his services. 4
But, sir, the Senator from Michigan causes it
to figure very conspicuously in his speech that
Mr. Thompson had said to me (and he throws
himself back with an air of wonder at it) that, in
the loss of professional business, and in the ex-
penditure of money, he was willing to swear that
he had sacrificed $10,000. Suppose he did so,
is there anything wonderful in that? Why,sir,
how long has Mr. Thompson been prosecuting
this case? Since 1850, more than four years ago.
How many trips has he made to the Indian nation
during that time? How long has he been com-
pelled to remain in Washington? I believe he
has been here for twelve months at a time in the
prosecution of this claim. That he should p*y
out large sums of money, and pay them legiti-
mately, is not at all surprising. Is it to be expected
that a man can come here from one extremity of
the Union, then go to the Indian nation, be there
weeks and weeks, perhaps months at a tim®j C^ipe
back to Washington and spend a whole season,
and thus be beat about from pillar to post without
paying out money ? The Indians had no money
to pay their attorney. He had to furmsh the
means for himself. Then, is it wonderful that ia
these payments, and in the loss of professional
business (for no one knows better than the Senator
