726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
from Michigan that Mr. Thompson is a lawyer
of distinction, engaged in a heavy practice in his
own State,) he should in four years sacrifice
§10,000? 1 think not; and therefore the surpiise
expressed by the Senator from Michigan on this
point fades away into nothing. Let Senators them-
selves reflect for a moment how much they have
sacrificed? While they are getting their eight
dollars a day, and mileage for coming here, is
there one of them who does not feel, and espe-
cially one who has a family to support, that in
four years, from the neglect of private business,
and the excess of expenditures over receipts, he
has sacrificed over $10,000? Isit surprising, then,
that Mr. Thompson, who in point of intellect,
who in point of political experience, who in point
of standing as a lawyer, is equal to almost any
one on this floor, should in four yeais have sacri-
ficed $10,000 in prosecuting this claim for which
he did not receive a solitary sou from his clients!
Mr. President, a great deal was said in the
course of the Senator's remarks, about agents
standing around the purlieus of the Capitol, and
he read extracts from the speech of a very enthu-
siastic gentleman from your State, (Mr. Badger
in the chair,) a speech well enough said, and very
sensibly said, to which I make no objection; but
" in the name of all the gods at once," what has
that to do with this case ? Because somebody has
been standing about the purlieus of the Capitol;
because somebody may have cheated Indians, nay,
if you please, because somebody hes cheated them,
is that any reason why Mr. Thompson should not
be paid for services actually rendered? I know
nothing of those agents who, it is said, are here try-
ing to influence Congress. If Mr. Thompson has
ever been charged with having undertaken to in-
fluence Congress in any manner, except according
to the statement made in the alleged speech which
has been read, and his flatdenial of which you nave
heard, rumor of it has never reached me. Although
I was a member of the Committee on Indian Af-
ffairs, he never opened his mouth about this to
me, until I asked him myself to give me a state-
ment of his case. So help me Heaven, he never
approached me even to explain his case. He did
ask to come before the committee and there be
allowed to make a statement of his case, which he
was authorized by the committee to do, and which
any other claimant has the right to do; but outside
of that committee room, until I asked him myself
to refresh my memory as to the prominent facts
in his case, having determined to move this
amendment, he never approached me in any man-
ner, shape, or form. He has under all circum-
stances, and at all times, observed a most remark-
able forbearance in that respect. From my inter-
course with him as a member of the other House,
and as the claimant in this case, 1 have been in-
duced to believe, what I stated yesterday, that he
is a man of high honor, incapable of a dishonor-
able transaction for the sake of money or for any
other purpose. But, sir, when grave charges are
made to the effect that a highly honorable ex-mem-
bet of Congress has been guilty of attempting to
tamper with,gentlemen of this body in the exer-
cise of their duties, 1 think names should be given
and responsible men should stand forth to sustain
the charges. The idea of making a grave accusa-
tion upon the imperfect recollection of Mr. Sam
Johnson Huffaker is, I think, carrying the joke a
little too far. I do not understand the Senator
from Michigan to even say that Mr. Cumming
avouches for the correctness of Huflaker's report
of that speech. He simply avouches that it is
Sam Johnson Huflaker's translation of the speech.
Mr. STUART. I did say, sir, that that was
certified to as correct; and I beg to say to the
Senator and to the Senate, now, that I have in-
quired of General Whitfield, who knows this man
Huffaker, and who tells me that he was, at the time,
a teacher at the Shawnee mission. General Whit-
field says he will indorse him as a gentleman of
honor and respectability everywhere and any-
where.
Mr. BROWN. Is he a white man ?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir, he is.
Mr. BROWN. He has a very queer name.
[Laughter.] Of course I can say nothing about
the speech; you have the charge on one side, met
as it is, by the broad and unqualified denial of
Thompson on the other. I know nothing about
it; but I ask the Senators to do this: To weigh the
character of a manlike Mr. Thompson against the
probabilities of his having made such a spee.ch.
We know very well how these things may begot-
ten up. 1 do not say that it is not true, because I
can say nothing about it, for I do not know any-
thing of it; but, certainly, 1 have seen nothing m
my long intercourse with Mr. Thompson, which
would induce me to give a ready belief to any such
charge.
I am very reluctant, Mr. President, to pursue
this subject further. I regret that 1 have been
involved in the discussion at all; but knowing full
well, as it was my duty to know, of the services
which Thompson had rendered the Indians; be-
lieving, as I think every member of the committee
has not only felt, but freely expressed, that he was
entitled to be compensated for his services; as the
Commissioner had taken the ground that he was
entitled to no compensation, and believing that to
be unjust, I agreed to move this amendment. I
moved it with no expectation of becoming involved
in any discussion of this kind. If it be true that
the laborer is worthy of his hire, I hope the Sen-
ate will adopt such a provision as will enable Mr.
Thompson to recover a fair remuneration for his
services. That is just. It is just between the
Indians and their attorney. It is just between the
Government and Thompson. The Indians desire
to pay him for the services which they feel he has
rendered them; and this Government ought not to
stand fn the way of their doing it. This amend-
ment is simply to allow him to be paid, not the
thirty-three and one third per cent, which the
Senator from Michigan has talked about to-day—
that may have been the contract—and he steps in
and says theEwiiigs were to have so much more,
as if that had anything to do with Mr. Thompson's
transactions with the Indians. I repeat again—for
I wish Senators to bear it in mind—Mr. Thomp-
son is not asking you to give him thirty three and
one third per cent, of the sum which was recovered
from the Government, but he is asking you to
allow him a fair and reasonable compensation for
the services he has actually rendered.
As to the personal charges which have been
made, many of them I know nothing about, and
I cannot, therefore, answer them. The only one
which seemed to me, after listening to the long
speech of my friend from Michigan, to approach
a direct charge against Mr. Thompson himself
was that in reference to his having said that he
had approached a member to get him out of the
way when the vote was to be taken. Senators
must remember, however, that Mr. Thompson
himself says no such thing is true. If they noticed
the Senator from Michigan closely, they would
have perceived that most of the other charges, and
all the important ones, were in some way con-
nected with the transactions of the Ewings which
I must remind the Senate again, have no 3ort of
connection whatever with Mr. Thompson. The
Senator talked of Ewi.ng and Thompson, and
Thompson and Ewing, and mixed them up to-
gether, so that a charge made against one is to be
received against the other. But if there is any
specific charge against Thompson in reference to
this particular transaction, and it is stated sep-
arately by itself, I will undertake to answer it; but
as I have stated in the outset of the desultory
remarks which I have just made, I did not come
here asking any legislation for the Ewings. I
know nothing of their dealings with the Indians.
They have never been thrust under my observa-
tion or examination, and have nothing whatever
to do with the amendment which I have proposed.
I have presented it, and I ask for a vote upon it
on its own merits.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, I do not rise to
continue the debate, but merely to state to the
Senate that I have known Mr. Thompson for the
last fifteen years, and have known him well, and
do not believe that he is capable of a dishonorable
act. I have listened to some of the charges which
have been preferred against him, and especially
to that involved in the reported speech which is
attributed to Mr. Thompson. I desire to suggest
that that is utterly worthless as evidence. In the
first place, the Senate knows nothing of the char-
acter of the reporter. The evidence is unworthy
of consideration before any tribunal whatever. It
is not under oath. There is nothing which renders
it authentic as a report of his speech, nothing that
renders it authentic in any shape whatever.
But, Mr. President, from what I know, from
what I believe you know of the character of this
man, there ia, I think, in his course in life, in his
character as a private citizen and as a Represent-
ative of his State in Congress, in his intercourse
with men, enough to satisfy the Senate that all the
charges which have been preferred againr.t him
are false. I do not suppose my friend fiom
Michigan would utler anything he believed to be
false; but I think that any charges which impugn
the honor and integrity of Mr. Thompson are
false. I deem this to be due to the relations which
have subsisted between that gentleman and myself
for a long number of years, and 1 rose merely to
bear testimony to his worth as a man and as a
Representative.
Mr. BROWN. Before the vote is taken I wish
to state that my friend from California [Mr.
Welleii] has looked into the record, and that
instead of this question having been carried by
one or two majority, and that by the mysterious
absence of a bribed Senator, no such vote in refer-
ence to the matter was taken at all. Therefore,
the whole charge falls to the ground by its own
weight. If any such vote was taken, and Mr.
Thompson said any such thing, it was a mere idle
boast. He positively denies that he ever said it.
I think it proper to say this, not in justice to him,
but in justice to the Senate in which the reputation
of somebody seems to be involved. I understand
no such vote has taken place.
Mr. WELLER. I have looked into the Jour-
nal, and it simply shows this: The House of
Representatives inserted in the Indian appropri-
ation bill an amendment appropriating $66,000 to
the Ohio Shawnees. When the quesuon came
into the Senate, the yeas and nays were demand-
ed upon that amendment, and the vote stood—
yeas 13, nays 28. The Senate, therefore, refused
to agree to the amendment. There was after-
wards a committee of conference between the two
Houses, and the Senate, with their accustomed
liberality, gave up all of their amendments, and
were compelled to concur in those of the House.
The appropriation was made in that way, but no
yeas and nays were taken on the question of con-
currence, nor on any other question connected
with it, except that one which I have mentioned.
Mr. DAWSON. Was there no reconsideration?
Mr. WELLER. None.
Mr. STUART. So far from that doing away
with the supposition, I insist that it is conclusive
to show that Mr. Thompson undertook to palm off
on the Indians what was not true, in order to
increase his claim for services.
Mr. CLAYTON. Now, I will ask the Senator
from Michigan, in all fairness, would he, against
the character of Mr. Thompson, known as he ia
amongst us here, credit a stafement made by a
man of a speech said to have been m ide by
Thompson, and that statement not verified uiider
the oath of the party ? What sort of evidence is
that, either in a court or in the Senate ?
Mr. STUART. The Senator asks me a ques-
tion, and 1 will answer it, and then I hope to be
able to restrain myself from saying anything more
in this debate. I have inquired into the character
of this statement. I have inquired of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, who says that the
interpreter himself told him in person that it was
true. He says that he saw the man who reported
the speech; and Mr. Cumming, the superin-
tendent of Indian affairs, whom I have hitherto,
by mistake, callad the agent, certifies to his in-
tegrity and truthfulness. I stated also, that I
had talked here, to-day, with General Whitfield,
who says that he knows Mr. Hufftker well, who
reported this speech, that he is intelligent and
honest, and that he will indorse him as a gentle-
man of perfect integrity anywhere. 1 take it,
therefore, for what it purports to be.
Mr. CLAYTON. Now, I wish to make an
appeal to my friend. Suppose a charge dishonor-
able to him were made in the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, or in any court of justice in Christen-
dom, and the attempt to injure his reputation, his
character, all that is dear to him, was sustained
by a letter or report of a speech, written out some
time after the speech was pretended to have been
delivered, and not verified by the oath of the
party, and occurring in the wilderness, without
the benefit of cross-examination on the part of
himself or any of his friends, would the honora-
ble gentleman from Michigan hold himself dealt
fairly by, in a court which should credit such evi-
dence as that?
