1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
727
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, both Colonel amendment is proposed. He is a man of respect-
Cumming, the I ndian superintendent, who is from ability , and I am not d isposed to assail his repu-
my own State, and Mr. Thompson, are friends of tation in the least. I must say, however, that 1
mine; and although Colonel Cumming's name has do not look upon this, or upon any outrage com-
been used here, I take leave to assert, that at no mitted on the Indians, as exactly in opposition
time has he ever said that he heard the speech to the character of a gentleman. I have seen the
which is attributed to Mr. Thompson, notwith- honorable Senate ratify treaties with the Indians
standing the fact that the Senator from Michigan which were never carried out or executed. I have
told us that he transmitted it to the Indian Depart- seen them infracted with perfect impunity by citi-
ment Colonel Cumming does not vouch for it; zens of the United States, and by the officers of the
but he says the individual who reported the speech Government, without any notice being taken of it.
to him is a man of integrity and character. And therefore it seems to me, that we should not
Mr. STUART. Yea, sir, he says so distinctly, regard an attempt to wrong an Indian, or the In-
Mr. DAWSON. I do not desire that such dians, as incompatible with the character of an
friends of mine as Colonel Cumming and Mr. honest man, and a fair dealer. (Laughter.) 1
Thompson shall be understood as testifying one have found it to beso regarded for some fifty years,
agtinst the other, for either of them, in my judg- for I think it is about that far back that my recol-
menf, would be incapable of such an act. Now, lection dates distinctly of transactions between the
sir, that Mr. Thompson hs^s been injured most whites and the Indians. I hardly ever knew a
seriously by this charge, no one will deny. The man to lose his position, either in society or in
poison is upon its way over the electric wiivs and office, for cheating the Indians, unless lie com-
it will be circulated throughout the land that he mitted some very flagrant violation of law, which
has attempted bribery and trickery with the would have exposed the Administration to odium
Senate of the United States, and that, by his own or disgrace if they did not remove the officer. So
statements, he succeeded in doing it, and made a far as the facts have been presented in this case,
speech altogether derogatory to the character of I must soy they are not complimentary to the fair
this body and derogatory to his own standing as dealing and sinceriiy of the agent or attorney,
an honest man and a gentleman. who has been connected with obtaining this
My only object is to let the world know that money for the Menomonee Indians.
there is no one on this floor, no one within the 1 will not go beyond the records, sir; I never
Senate Chamber, no one within the city of Wash- do go beyond them one inch in speaking of the
ington, who states upon his individual responsi- character of any individual, and I never will while
bility that Richard W. Thompson ever did utter I occupy a place in the Senate. 1 cannot believe
the words a'tributed to him. I wish the country that the Senator from Michigan, in his reliance
and his friends to know that it is a statement, in upon official documents, rendered himfelf in the
regard to an occurrence said to have taken place j slightest degree subject to censure or reprehension,
beyond the civilized portion of the United States, He has a right to'rely upon those documents, if
sent here by an individual—1 will not utter a word they are presented to the Senate, or to the nation
against hiw character—without saying whether he at large, for information. He has a right to place
was a stenographer, or whether he was called on a fair construction on them, and to state his just
especially to observe what Mr. Thompson stated deductions from the facts which they contain, and
to the Indians; but a mere letter sent out before that, I understand, is all that he has done,
the country with charges destructive to his char- Mr. STUART. I will thank the Senator from
acter, without the public mind having been in- Texas if he will, at this point, allow me to say,
formed of the real facts, or without any member in answer to the Senator from Georgia, what I
of this body knowing of the existence of such a had supposed it was unnecessary to say,and what
document until it was read from the desk of my must have been obvious, I thought, to the whole
friend Gom Michigan. Senate, that the documents and information which
Sir, character in"this body, is sacred. Charac- I presented to the Senate, were presented simply
ter out of the body should be protected, and we for what they were worth in themselves, without
ought, at all times, to refrain from so serious a any indorsement at all of any of the statements by
charge, when there is rio personal responsibility myself personally, for it was not possible that,
resting on us for it. Nowj my friend from Mich- personally, I could have known anything about
igan does not wish it to bs understood tnat he ; the facts.
vouches for a single word that he has read against Mr. HOUSTON. Well, sir, throwing out of
the reputation of Mr. Thompson. He has merely I view entirely individual character in this matter,
stated declarations which have been placed in his i I should feel disposed to say that this claim ought
hands to go forth to the world. Are they not of not to be paid out of the annuities of the In-
too serious a character to be presented here in j dians. If injustice has been done to them, if mo-
such a manner, particularly in regard to a gentle- j riey has been withheld from them to which they
man who has retired from association with us in ! were justly entitled, that fact, in my opinion, will
legislation, but who lias been heretofore honora- | notjustify theGovernment ot theUnited States in
We and distinguished amongst us? I knjiw it is j deducting from the annuities of ihe Indians the
not intentional, beciuse, I am sure, my friend I amount which this individual may be entitled to
from Michigan would not be so understood; but j claim for his agency in obtaining for them what
such is ihe%ffect—the charge is brought. The I was clearly their right. It was the duty of the
only req jest I have to make of that Senator is, ! Government to see that justice was done to the
that he will here in the Senate, and before the : Indians. It had the power of controlling them,
count. y, say that he is not authorized to believe [ It had the making of their treaties without a yea
any of those charges from any facts further than j or nay on their part. Then, if the Government
the information placed before him, and that he withheld justice from them, but reluctantly at a
does not intend to brand Mr. Thompson with j subsequent period, when the injustice became
disnonesty, or with acts disgraceful to him as a | manifest, paid what was due the Indians, in order
gentl-man, but that he, himself, merely presented ! to redeem ihe character of the United States from
what was laid before him by way of argument to ; shame, it is bound, it seems to me, to pay the ln-
the Senate. I think it due to Mr. Thompson that : dividual whose agency has been instrumental m
this should be done; and if hereafter the fact shall | achieving this justice to tne Indians. The Gov-
be proven on Mr. Thompson, let the disgrace rest i ernment should pay it out of the 1 reasury of the
on him, but let not the charge remain without the j United States, and it would be an act of dishonor
power of denial, and let not the country be misled | and dishonesty to deuuet it from the annuities of
nthis way, unless there be something sent out f the Indians Acknowledge that injustice was
calculated to counteract the poison which is now | done to the Indians, and that they were tor years
being circulated throughout the land, and which I complaining of it, ana that justice was finally tar-
must injure Mr. Thompson, unless my friend from i dily conceded to them; why snould you make
Michigan shall sav, in his place, that he has no them pay for the expense of the reparation which
authority for making any charge further than the you ought long ago to have made to them ? Sir,
papers which have been presented to him. the Government, is bound to pay it, and the In-
Mr HOUSTON. Mr. President, as in the dis- I dians'annuities should not be taxed with it
cussion of this claim some matters have been j! If this individual, or any other, has had any
brought to 1i ht, exposing the injustice which is :! agencym procunngjusticefoi the Indians, I would
too frequently practiced towards the Indians, I j| not only pay him the actual worth ot his services,
be°- the indulgence of the Senate while 1 make a j! but I woud pay him one hundied per centum
few remarks I more>and let ium S0; but 1 WOU cha,"ge
I know the gentleman for whose benefit this i! Indians with it. Admit their incompetency to
transact their own affairs, should they not be
protected against extortion ? 1 shall never vote for
the claim in the shape in which it is now pre-
sented.
These are my opinions in relation to the justtcs
that has been done these Indians. I think it would
be a disgrace to this Government to withhold this
small pittance from the money of the Indians. If
the claim is just, pay it out of your own Tieasury;
do not saddle the Indians with it.
Now, it is a fact which, I believe, is conceded,
that Mr. Thompson, in a letter to the Menomo-
nees, did charge the late chief of the Indian Bureau,
Colonel Medill, with having "cheated" the In-
dians. The charge was made in broad language,
without qualification; it therefore isachargeagainst
ar\ agent of the Government of having acted crim-
inally, dishonestly, and fraudulently. If he had
said it was done unintentionally, or withoutdesign,
there would have been some qualification to it, but
there is no limitation; it is a broad, unqualified
charge, that he had cheated the Menomonee In-
dians. This was calculated to produce a bad steteof
feeling on the part of the Indians towards the Gov-
ernment, and to engender hostility. They were
situated in a remote region, in connection with
hostile tribes, and such charges might have led to
a state of feeling, on their part, threatening most
detrimental consequences to the peace and safety
of our frontier. 1 here was an indiscretion in this,
to say the least of it.
It may be said that this gentleman was not
connected with the transac:ions of the Messrs.
Ewings, which were exposed by the Senator from
Michigan. If ha has disclaimed any such con-
nection I have nothing to say about it, but I am
not aware of any such disclaimer. It has been
shown that the object of some personswas to filch
from the Indians all the money which it was pos-
sible to obtain from them. How far a conspiracy
or combination for that purpose extended I leave
for others to determine, on the conviction of the
parties, as set forth in our public documents.
But, sir, the statement which was read by the
Senator from Michigan, in manuscript, as n re-
port of a speech made by this claimant to the
Shawnee council, seems to be resisted with great
power and earnestness. We are told that it is a
report which was made subsequently, and that,
therefore, no reliance is to be placed upon it.
Why, sir, let me tell the Senate it is the easiest
thing in the world to take down such things liter-
; ally. When such communications art made to
the Indians it is done through an interpreter. The
speaker states what he means to say, sentence by
sentence, and the interpreter translates each sen-
tence to the Indians. The deliberate manner in
which such a speech is made to them would afford
an ordinary pensman an opporunity of taking it
down literally, and exhibiting it to the world as it
really occurred. Forthis reason I should be very
much disposed to rely on the accu-acy of the re-
port thus' presented to us, particularly when we
have such strong testimonials as are presented to
us in behalf of the character of the in lividual who
furnished the translation to superintendent Cum-
ming.
We have heard nothing against the character of
' that individual. Welearn thatheis an intelligent
j and educated man, who had been engnged as a
I teacher in one of the Indian missions—a man of
! respectability, whose character has n'ver been
: assailed, except here to-day, by inuendo. I am
j disposed, until some refutation be brought for-
I ward, to conclude that he made a fair and just
j representation of what passed on that occasion;
and that the sole object in view was to wring the
| greatest possible amount out of the Indians. It
' was not robbing the Indians of anything, for they
| had not then received the money, and, therefore,
i it is looked upon as not at all dishonest, though
i it might be consideied improper to take money
| out of the pockets or hands of the Indians. At
I this point 1 will relate an incident which may
j throw some light on such transactions with the
Indians. I was present on one occasion when an
\ annuity was paid in the presence of officers of
standing in the Army of the United States and in
i the Indian Department. That annuity was paid
. out in h"ht and flimsy goods, amounting to only
one third of the annuity which had been settled
1 on the Indians. The vouchers, however, came to
J Washington city for the full amount, and were
I recognized and passed. Subsequently, proof of
