1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
7*29
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not a
privilaged motion, and can only be entertained by
unanimous consent.
Mr. VVELLER. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I only want to
make one remark, Mr. President, it is this:
This claim cannot, in my judgment, with all def-
erence to the opinion of the Chair, be considered
a private claim. In January, 1842, the Secretary
of War sent 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand, Mr. Pres-
ident, that the motion which I make is a privileged
one that mi^ht be made at the present time. °
The PRESIDING OFFICER. According to
the rules of the Senate, there is no privileged ques-
tion of that kind when another subject is before
the Senate, unless a motion to adjourn.
Mr. CLAYTON. It can be made by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. HUNTER and Mr. WELLER. I object.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I move that the
bill lie upon the table, with a view to make that
motion.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.. Bayard, Benjamin, Brainerd, Bright,
Brodiiead. Chase, Clayton, Cooper, Dawson, Evan*, IVs-
send in, Fitzpa'rick, Foote, Gillette, Ilumlm, Mason, Mor-
ion, Pratt, Rusk, Seward, Shdeli, Stuart, Sumner. Toueey,
Well*, and Wikon—25. '
NAYS—Mes>rs. Allen, Badger, Boll, Clay, Dod^ of
W^coiisin, Dod«e of Iowa, Gryer, Gwin, Ifmi>ton, Hun-
ter, Jones of Iowa, Join's of Tennessee. Maliory. Sebas-
tian, Wade, and VVelier—16.
So the bill was ordered to lie on the table.
HOUR OF MEETIJVG EFFICIENCY OF THE
NAVY.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move a reconsid-
eration of the order which was made this morn-
ing changing the hour of meeting, and I will state
that I do it at thesuggestion of several Senators of
experience who state that it would be almost im-
possible to getalong with business in the commit-
tees tf we change the hour of meeting; now.
Mr. CLAY TON. I earnestly hope that the
motion wilt prevail. I am sure that we shall gain
nothing by meeting at eleven o'clock. There are
some very important committees of this body that
are compelled to meet one hour sooner than usual.
They are now pressed with business, which could
not be possibly transacted in the time which would
be allowed before the meeting of the Senate, if the
hour was changed to eleven o'clock. I submit to
Senators who are acquainted as well as I am with
the course of business in this body, that the time
has not arrived when we should cut off the com-
mittees from work, and confine the work to the
Senate. More work is done in the committees
than in the Senate, and the Senate ought to give
us the hour which we have had heretofore; and
by-and-by, at a reasonable time, we shall agree
to meet at eleven o'clock.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order is
now before the Senate.
Mr. STUART, I understand that there is a
necessity for an Executive session. I therefore
move that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of Executive business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. What dispo-
sition will the Senate make of the resolution ?
Mr. WELLER. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. I hope we shall
decide this matter, and then finish the Indian ap-
propriation bill,
Mr. MASON. I rise to a question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion to
adjourn is pending.
Mr. MASON. A question of order takes pre-
cedence of anything else, if I am right in what I
am going to suggest, being a question of order. I
want to know what will be the posture of the
order for the hour of meeting upon the motion to
reconsider ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion to
reconsider having been agreed to, the order is be-
fore the Senate for adoption.
Mr. MASON. Then we can let it alone, and
we shall meet to-morrow morning at the usual
hour.
Mr. MALLORY. Before tfoe vote is taken on
the adjournment, I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to refer a bill which is upon the table,
with amendments from the House, to the Com-
mittee on Naval AfFairs, It is a bill to promote
the efficiency of the Navy. I desire to have the
amendments printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to the course which the Senator from
Florida asks to be adopted ?
There was no objection.
Mr. PRATT. To that bill I propose an amend-
ment which I desire to have printed also.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is not the order in regard
to the hour of meeting before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir; but
a motion to adjourn is pending.
Mr. WELLER. What has become of that
motion ?
Mr, FESSENDEN. I move that the order lie
upon the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
cannot be received pending a motion to adjourn.
By unanimous consent, the bill of the Senate to
promote the efficiency of the Navy, which has
been returned from the House with amendments,
will be referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and the amendments will also be ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PRATT. I have offered an amendment,
which I desire to hyve printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that the Senator from Maryland pro-
poses to lay on the table, by unanimous consent,
and have ordered to be printed, an amendment
which he intends to propose.
Mr. PRATT. I have offered it.
Mr. GWIN. Does not that go to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs with the bill?
Mr. PRATT. Certainly.
Mr. HUNTER. How can it be offered? The
bill is nor before the Senate for amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unanimous
consent the bill, with the amendments of the
House, was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. The Senator from Maryland desires to
have his amendment printed.
Mr. HUNTER. That is all right, buthe can-
not off r it now. The bill is not before us for
amendment.
The PR ESI DING OFFICER. Certainly not.
Mr. WELLLR. If it is in order, I should like
to have a vote on ihe motion to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is pending. The Chair received this other busi-
ness by unanimous consent.
The motion to adjourn was notagreed to—ayes
15, noes21.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Indian appropriation
bill will now be taken up and disposed of.
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The first ques-
tion is on agreeing to the order in regard to the
Hour of meeting,
Mr. MASON. I move that it lie upon the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move that the Senate
take from the table the Indian appropriation bill,
and proceed with its consideration. I think we
can dispose of it in a little while if we go on with it.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill.
Mr. JONES of Tennessee. The question be-
fore the Senate, is, I believe, on the amendment
offered by myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the appeal taken by the Senator from Ten-
nessee, from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I was going to
say, Mr. President, that I dislike exceedingly to
appeal from any decision which you make; but I
am sure, when I staue the facts, the Chair will re-
verse his decision. This is not a private claim as
I understand it; it is to carry out an existing law.
On the 13th of February, 1839, ajoint resolution
was passed by Congress, directing the Secretary
of Warto makethis purchase. He made the pur-
chase under that law, and this is an appropriation
called for by the Secretary of War, to carry out
the requirements of the law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
now of opinion that the amendment is in order,;
and, therefore, reverses his decision. The read-
ing of the rule is :
" No amendments shall be received whose object is to
provide for a private claim, unless it be to carry out the
provisions of an existing Jaw, or a treaty stipulation."
The amendment, therefore, is in order, and the
question is on agreeing to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I now ask for a vote on
the amendment which I offered from the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
The amendment was as follows :
Jlnd be it further aiar.tcd, That none of the moneys
hereby appropriated, or hereafter to b? appropriated, f-bail
be paid to any agent or attorney of any Indian or Indian?,
exempt in those cases whore the Secretary of the Interior
shall, in his opinion, deem the consideration jusr and ne-
cessary, upon Rewritten asaeut arifl order of such Indians*
fnrly obtained, ,iu open council, in the presence of Itic
United States s:gent, after the same has been fully ex-
plained, a d been duly < ertifiedby said agent, and (subject,
nevertheless, to the final revision of the Secretary ol the
Interior, who shall nut allow or pay any amount beyond
a fair and just compensation, disreg.uding all contracts, ur
supposed contracts.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 will suggest to the Senator
f.om Arkansas, that he make this retrospective.
He does not mean to repeal the existing law, I
presume, but only to provide for eases that oc-
curred before the passage of the law. The amend-
ment, then, requires some alteration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment, as it stands, provides for the appropriations
in this bill, and all appropriations hereafter made.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator does not intend
that; let him restrict it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It provides for those con-
tracts supposed to have been made heretofore, and
is consequently retrospective, not prospective.
Mr. WELLER. Insert a proviso making it
apply to contracts made anterior to the general
law in force on the subject, the law of 1852—I
mean for services since the passage of that law,
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have no objection to
giving it a retrospective operation, although it lays
down a rule which is perfectly sound and just for
all time pastand time to come; and I should prefer
mvself that it should be considered as a general
adjustment of all the rights of contracts upon the
funds of the Indians; and it has been so guarded
and restricted, that at the same time that it disre-
gards all speculative amounts to be secured on
contingent funds, yet it pays what is a liberal and
just compensation.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to insert the proviso
suggested by the Senator from California.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator reduce it to writing?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like to understand
what earthly necessity there is for Congress legis-
lating for payments by Indians to their attorneys.
Mr. RUSK. Because they have legislated that
they shall not pay.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The legislation is, that the
Government will not interfere with that matter at
all. Why not let contracts with the Indians
stand as all other contracts do?
Mr. WELLER. The Senator will understand
that the law prohibits contracts of this sort made
between Indians and their attorney. We desire
now, that for the services rendered before that
law was passed, they shall be allowed a just and
fair compensation.
Mr. BENJAMIN.' I understand the law as it
now exists prevents the Indians from paying their
attorneys. The object is to mix up this Govern-
ment with the payments of the Indians to their
attorneys.
Mr. MASON. It is to protect the Indians
against the attorneys.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rather think the object is
to get the money to the attorneys. The Indians
do not require the protection.
Mr. TOUCEY. I doubt very much the expe-
diency of passing this provision upon this bill. I
think the policy of the Government and the law
as it has long existed, denies the validity of any
contract between an Indian and his agent, or any
pretended assignee of an annuity or a debt. There
was a Jaw on the subject before 1852. The law
has existed much longer; and all these assign-
ments, and all these claims that are made stand
upon this ground exclusively, that there is no
valid contract between the Indian and the agent or
assignee; and I am opposed to a proposition of
this kind which seems to impose the duty upon
