1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
731
Government to adjudicate—on the contracts made
by the Indians with any one else. Th&t is for the
Indians and the party. We do not pay their
money because it is advocated by an agent; hut he-
cause it is due the Indians. The act of 1852
directs that oil such payments shall be made di-
rectly to the Indians themselves. When these
annuities are paid to them, any agent may go to
the Indian or tribe against whom he has the claim,
and if he can get the parties with whom he made
the contract to recognize it, he will be paid. It is
not our province to interfere in a contract made in
this manner.
Mr. TOUCEY. There is some doubt about
this. I spoke from general recollection. I have
had no time to look into past laws during this
debate. My recollection is, that the law has been
for many years, that when a sum of money is
appropriated to an Indian tribe,or to any Indian,
no power of attorney or contract to control any
part of that money is of any validity, unless it is
made after the appropriation, and has a direct ref-
erence to it.
Mr. PRATT. That is right; but that law was
evaded previous to the act of 1852, by agents get-
ting the subsequent authority.
Mr. TOUCEY. My recollection is, that there
was not only that express law, but other legisla-
tion. I know that there was other legislation by
which the War Department, which then hnd the
control of this subject, did exercise the admitted
power of controlmg all the contracts and powers
of attorney, regarding the Indians as their wards
under the control of the Government as their
proper guardian; and this is the policy which was
expiessiy reaffirmed in 1852; and for one I am
not willing to depart from it.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 was writing an amend-
ment to provide that Thompson should render his
account to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs on
a statement of the facts,and that he should make
his report thereon to this body.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I shall vote against this
amendment for investigating the claim, because,
although apparently very fair on its face, in the
assertion of a general principle which is harmless,
we know now, afier the debate, that it has a
special reference to the claim of Thompson; and
it becomes necessary to say something about that
claim. The law as it has been heretofore, in ref-
erence to the payment of Indian agents, is as fol-
lows. The first was the act of 1847, which was
intended to carry out the policy first inaugurated 1
by Commissioner Medill for the political object
of breaking down the influence of the chiefs
among the Indians, which existed before the pas-
sage of the first law requiring the payments to be
made per capita instead of to the nation. That,
however, did not prevent the nation giving orders
in council on the Departmentforthe payment of a
part of the money—anticipating it before it passed
to ihe individuls per capita; and that made it neces-
sary in the Indian appropriation bill of 1852, and
in almost every Indian appropriation bill since, to
put. a proviso which looked especially to the pre-
venting of payment to the agents, and for closing
down such payments against all artifices and sub-
terfuges to which they cuuld resort for payment
for their services
Under the treaty of 1854, made with the Men-
omo-iee Indians, and which disposes of the
$242,000 said to have been obtained in part by
Thompson, the payment is to be made per capita,
in pursuance of that general policy, and it is a fea-
ture which is placed m all our treaties now. But
in addition to that, the payment is not to com-
mence until 18G7, and is to run through a period
of fifteen years. That is the position of the fund
upon which it is proposed by this investigation to
draw in advance. The rights of the Indians,
under that treaty, are for the division of the fund
per capita, and it is not to commence to be paid
until 1867, because tne Indians have an annuity
of §25,000 ayear from this time until that period,
which is supposed to be amply sufficient for the
wants of the present generation, so that if you
make any attempt to appropriate, in advancc, that
fund provided for the wants of posterity, it raises
the question whether, without a new treaty, that
appropriation of the money can be made. It is
very certain that an act less solemn than the act of
the nation in open council would not be sufficient to
give the authority, and would not dispose of that
money; so that, in any event, under that treaty,
as to this amendment in the one case or the other,
it would not be operative. Looking at it in the
view that what is proposed to be attained by the
investigation as entirely illusory, I shall vote
against it.
Mr. BROWN. I am amazed at the Senator
frdln Arkansas going on and talking about appro-
priations of money not being made until 1867,
when the amendment does not propose to appro-
priate anything now or hereafter. It is simply to
authorize one of the officers of the Government to
audit an account which would have been paid but
for the interference of this Government. That is
the whole of it. If the Government had not inter-
posed between Thompson and his clients, they
would have paid them, and we should have had
no concern with them; but you have interposed to
prevent the Indians from paying; and now that
you have got yourselves that far entangled in it,
all he asks is that you will authorize one of the
accounting officers to state what they do owe him,
so that he may appeal to you for the payment.
All that he asks is, that you shall authorize one of
your accounting officers to decide what they do
owe him, so that you may pay him so much as he
is entitled to; and all this story about a contract
with the Indians, and paving ihe money now
which is not due until 18G7,has nothing to do
with the amendment. That kind of debate may
be very well next winter, when you are asked to
make the appropriation, but what possible objec-
tion can you or any man have to allowing the
accounting officer to state the account of two par-
ties who have been unable to settle between them-
selves, because you interfered to prevent the
settlement. If the Government had had nothing
to do with this thing, but had let Thompson and
the Indians alone, there would have been no
difficulty. Having prevented the settlement of
the matter, you are now asked to interpose to
enable a statement to be made, to which, it seems
to me, there can be no objection on earth. Nobody
nsks for an appropriation under this amendment,
though I think it ought to be made. All that is
asked is to allow the account to be stated.
The question being taken by yeas and navs on
the amendment, resulted—yeas 14, nays 39; as
follows:
YEA?5—Messrs. Badcer, Bell,Brainerd, Bnplit, Brown,
Cooper, Dawson, Douglas, James, Mallory3Ilu^k, Sew. rd,
WHier, arid Wilson—14
NAY Messrs Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Chase, Clay,
Dod^e of Wisconsin, Dodpe ot' Iowa. Evan;*, Fitzpamclt,
Gillette. Houston, Unnter, Jone^ of Iowa, Mason, Pratt,
Sebastian, Simmer, Toueey, and Wells—19.
So the amendment was rtjected.
Mr. COOPER. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Jh'd be it further enacted, That tho tenth section of the
11 act making appropi lations for ihe current and contingent
expenses of the Indian Department, and lor fulfilling Ireaty
stipulations with the various Indian tribes," approved July
31, 1P54, be carried into etFocf so as to pay to Henry Smith
and oilier'? tho respective sums' assessed to them by the
commission under ihe Cherokee Treaty of 1833-0, thiough
their aulhonzed and sworn agents, William A. Upton and
Peter A. Somcr, with interest on said ftumrf respectively,
from the 23d Ausust, 1843, and that the Secretaiy of the
Interior be further an.hoiizr d and directed to fill the blanks
in sueh award* as are on inn lile>, with such amount, ic-
spectively as may be < stabhshed by satisfactory proofs.
Mr. IIUNTER. Js not, that a private claim?
Mr. COOPER Allow me explain it. This has
been decided before not to be a piivate claim. It is
of precisely the same character as the Taylor
claim, arising under the treaty of 1832. It is one
of those reservations of one hundred aad sixty
acres which were made to Indiansand which were
afterwards taken from them and a money appro-
priation substituted in lieu of them.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania to give way. I am satisfied that the
Senate wishes tordjourn. We cannot get through
with the bill to-day; and I wish to have a short
Executive session.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall get through
with it to-day. It is now nearly five o'clock.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not wish to interrupt
the business; but I want an Executive session for
a moment before we adjourn, and I shall ask for
it if there be no objection. I am satisfied that we
cannot get through with the bill to-day.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will
allow me to try it. I think we can get through
to-day.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Is it in order to move to
adjourn. I submit that motion.
Mr. WELLEft. I- have no doubt that the
motion will be agreed to now, because all the
Senators who voted against.an odjournmentfifreen
minutes ago have gone home Their intention
was to compel us to remain here; and therefore
they voted down the adjournment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope the Senaforwill with-
draw his motion, and let us have an Executive
session.
Mr. BENJAMIN, If there be no objection to
an Executive session, I withdraw it.
Mr. WELLER. I renew the motion to adjourn.
The motion was decided in the negative—ayes
16, noes 16.
The further consideration of the bill was post-
poned until to-morrow.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives,
making an appropriation for military defenses at
Proctor's landing, in Louisiana, was read twice
by its title,and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr DOUGLAS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
arid after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Februarij 14, 1855.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William II. Milburn.
The Journal ot yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Navy Department, transmit-
ting a letter from the Chief of the Bureau of Yards
and Docks, containing an abstractof offers received
for furnishing articles required by that Bureau
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1*55, in
conformity with the act of Congress approved 3d
of March, 1853; also, an abstract of cflfers received
by the same Bureau for furnishing? like articles for
the fiscal year ending 30th of June, 1854, which
had not been received when the annual report for
that year was made; which was laid upon the table
and ordered to be printed.
NEW REGISTER FOR THE SHIP AINA.
Mr. FEN 1 ON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill (No. 577) to authorize the issuing of a
new register to the Russian-built ship Aina.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table and read a first and
second time by its title.
The bill was then read m extenso.
Mr. HAVEN. That bill will, of course, pass.
I have no doubt it should pass, but I want to
suggest to my colleague from New York, who ia
a member of the Committee on Commerce, that
he should, at an early day, bring in a general bill
providing for such general legislation upon this
subject as w ll save us from the necessity of con-
tinually passing these priva'e bills.
Mr. FENTON. 1 entirely concur in the sug-
gestion of my colleague, and will, with the consent
of the House, on to-morrow, or some day soon,
bring in a bill of the character alluded to.
The bill was then ordered to its third reading,
and was accordingly read a third time, and passed.
Mr. HENN. 1 demand the regular order of
business.
DEFENSE AT PROCTOR'S LANDING.
Mr. HUNT. I will occupy but five minutes of
the time of the House.
Mr. HENN. I insist upon the regular order
of business.
Mr. HUNT. I hope the gentleman from Iowa
will allow me to bring forward this bill. It will
not take five minutes to dispose of it.
Mr. HENN. I would give way to the gentle-
man from Louisiana with the greatest pleasure in
the world, but, sir, I have a dozen bills in my desk
which I have been for a long time desirous to
report, and have not had an opportunity.
Mr. IIUiNT. I beg tbegentleman to withdraw
his objection. This is a bill necessary to com-
plete the defenses of the country.
Mr. HENN. There are others around me who
