782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
have matters they wish to bring up, and if I give
way for one I must for another. X cannot with-
draw my objection.
BOARD OF CLAIMS.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I must appeal
to the gentleman from Iowa, and to the House, to
give me their unanimous consent in relation to a
public measure. I have not been in the habit of
making appeals to the House. I will merely state
that there is a public measure which I am confident
will meet the approval of every member of the
House—certainly a large majority of the House.
But, sir, it is a measure which can never be carried
into effect unless the House will agree to do one
thing: 1 ask that they make the board of claims
bill the special order in a Committee of the Whole
House on some private bill day, for two hours
only. I have suggested some day appropriated to
private business, because the bill has especial refer-
ence to private claims. I repeat, sir, that, unless
this is done, the House will not be able to reach the
bill in order during the present session of Congress.
The SPEAKER. What day does the gentle-
man propope to set apart ?
Mr. JONES. Saturday next.
Mr. LILLY. I object.
PROCTOR'S LANDING AGAIN.
Mr. HUNT. I now again appeal to the gen-
tleman from Iowa to allow me to introduce the
bill of which I spoke, to complete the defenses of
the country at Proctor's Landing. What does
the gentleman say ?
Mr. HENN. I cannot withdraw my objection.
I would yield to the gentleman from Louisiana as
soon as I would to any gentleman in the House,
but I must demand the regular order of business.
Mr. HUNT. It is a bill to complete the de-
fenses of the country. The whole country is
interested in it.
Mr. HENN. I gave way to the gentleman
some time ago to introduce a bill, which took up
a whole week of the time of the House.
Mr. HUNT. I only ask for five minutes.
The bill can be disposed of in that time.
Mr. HENN. That was the supposition when
the gentleman asked to introduce his bill some
time ago, but it lasted a whole week.
Mr. HUNT. If the gentleman will allow me
five minutes, that is all I ask. You may bind me
down to that.
Mr. HENN. If the gentleman will take five
minutes unconditionally, 1 will withdraw the ob-
jection for that time, but no longer.
Mr. HUNT. That is all I desire.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, addressed the Chair.
Mr. HUNT. If the honorable gentleman from
Indiana will indulge me to state what the bill is,
I am sure he will not object—that no one will
object. It is a public measure. It is not one m
which I am particularly interested. The whole
country are interested in it. The gentleman from
Indiana is as much interested in it as I am. I
hope he will not object.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not propose to object to the
proposition of the gentleman from Louisiana, for
1 have the same indulgence to ask of the House
myself. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUNT. Now, sir, there is no objection.
I beg leave to report, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, under theirinstructions, a bill author-
izing the construction of such military defenses at j
Proctor's Landing as the Secretary of War may
deem expedient. The bill will be explained by a
brief report from General Totten, showing the
necessity there is for these defenses. I ask the
attention of the House to the reading of General
Totten's letter, after which I shall ask the House
to pass the bill—which they will not fail to do
when they understand the circumstances of the
case.
There being no objection, the bill was intro-
duced , and read a first and second time by its title.
The bill was then read in extenso. It makes an
appropriation of $125,000, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of War, in the con-
struction of such military defenses as he may
deem expedient, at Proctor's Landing, near the
terminus of the Mexican Gulf railway.
Mr. HUNT. I now ask that the letter of the
Secretary of War, with that of General Totten,
may be read.
Mr. HENN. That bill makes an appropria-
tion. Must it not go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union?
Mr. HUNT. Read the report.
The following letters were ihen read:
War Department. )
Washington, January 19,1855. 5
Sir : In compliance with the resolution of the ifou#e of
Representatives of the 16th instant, " that the Secretary of
War be instructed to report to this House whether any, and
if any, what military defenses are necessary at Proctor's
Landing, at the terminus of the Mexican Gulf railway in
Louisiana, for the protection of the country," I have the
honor to transmit you a report of the Chief Engineer giving
the required information.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFF. DAVfS, Secretary of War.
Hon. Linn Boyd, Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Engineer Department, ?
Washington, January 18,1855. \
Sir: In answer to the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the i6th instant, inquiring 44 whether any,
and if any, what military defenses are necessary at Proc-
tor's Landing, at the t'rmmus of the Mexican Gulf railway
in Louisiana,5' I have the honor to report that a battery
having a fire competent to prevent the approach of boats to
the landing, together with an inaccessible tower for the
accommodation of the garrison, will afford a sullicient de-
fense for the position.
Prom thislanding to the city of NewOrleans the distance
is twenty-eight miles; the road is one of the best in
the country; and there is now no obstacle of any kind,
natural or artificial, to hinder an enemy (landing from
boats at Proctor's) from marching up to the city, with
troops of all kind*, with their artilh jy and baggage. This
is the only avenue of approach now withoutdclcnses. Hut
it is plain that this remaining unguarded, all our efforts
elsewhere mny be neutralised. The enemy, turmngaway
from the various defended channels of access, will seek
the one which is open to his advance. Why the* avenue
was not provided for in the original defensive system for
New Oilcans I am not able todivme; but it is now incum-
bent upon us toclose it at the earliest day practicable.
The water being shoal, the lake is navigable only for
email steamer-* and boats; hence our preventive means
need be only upon a reduced scale. The total cost of the
battery ami tower specified was estimated, when they
wore deigned w mc years fcince, at $1.in,000. Allowing
for increase of pries,* I think it likely that the works may
be, now completed for $125,000, provided this sum be ap-
propriated in a single grant, so thai we, may be able to avoid
the expense arising from interrupted and protracted opera-
tions. The defences can be finished in about a yuir from
the time when we get poases&ion of the proposed bite of the
work.
The importance of occupying this position has been sev-
eral nines urged upon Congress by this Department; as, for
instance, November 1,1815, Febiuary 27, 1810, andMarch
IS, 1851.
The resolution is returned herewith.
1 am, very respectfully, you obedient servant,
JOSEPH G. TOTTEN,
Brevet Brigadier General arul Colonel Engineers,
Hon. Jeht. Davis, Secretary of War,
Mr. HUNT. I now ask that the bill may be
read a third time and put upon its passage.
Mr. LILLY. Do not the rules require that the
bill, making an appropriation, shall be first con-
sidered in the Committee of the W hole on the state
of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The bill, making:, as itdoes,
an appropriation, must, under the rules, go to the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNT I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
Mr. HUNT. Then I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House.
Mr. LILLY again rose.
Mr. HUNT. I ask the gentleman not to ob-
ject. This appropriation is considered by the
War Department as necessary for the public de-
fense. This is an important point, ami the only
one where a proper defense has not been provided.
It is connected with the city of New Orleans,
twenty-eight miles distant, by a level road. It is
perfectly accessible from the Gulf. An enemy
could land there without difficulty. These defenses
are necessary for the protection of the country. I
hope the gentleman from New Jersey will not
object. I appeal to him as a patriot to withdraw
his objection ?
Mr. LILLY. I have made no objection. I only
inquired whether the rules did not require the bill
to be referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNT. Then there is no objection. 1
ask that the bill may be read the third time, and
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time, and being
engrossed, was accordingly read a third time, and
passed.
Mr. HUNT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. MURRAY. I be<* leave to make a report
from the Committee on Printing.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the permission of
the gentleman from New York to let me withdraw
some papers, to be used immediately in the Sen-
ate.
Mr. MURRAY. I have no objection.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I ask leave to with-
draw from the files of the House the papers of
Mrs. Du Barry, widow of Edmund L. Du Barry,
late a surgeon in the United States Navy.
The leave was granted.
Mr. OLIVER. 1 desire leave, also, to withdraw
some papers from the files of the House.
The SPEAKER. For what purpose does the
gentleman wish the papers withdrawn ?
Mr. OLIVER. I desire to withdraw the papers
filed in the case of Colonel William L. Russell,
late collector at the port of Monterey, California.
The SPEAKER. For what purpose?
Mr. OLIVER. To return them to the claimant.
The SPEAKER. The usual course is to have
copies only returned to the claimant. Or, by leav-
ing copies on file, the gentleman can have the
papers, but not otherwise.
I " Mr. OLIVER. Very well, sir, copies shall be
left.
The leave was then granted.
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois. I wish to
ask a similar favor. I desire to withdraw the pa-
pers in the case of William Wallace, an applicant
for back pay, that they may be used at the Pen-
sion Office.
Leave was granted.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bills; which thereupon received the signature of
the Speaker:
An act authorizing the construction of a line of
telegraph from the Mississippi or Missouri rivers
to the Pacific ocean; and
An act for the relief of Zachariah Lawrence,
of Ohio.
PRINTING OF PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. MURRAY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, then reported the following resolution;
Resolved, That there be printed one hundred thousand
extra copies of the agricultural portion of the Patent Office
Report, with the plates, for the use of the members of the
present Houseoi Representatives, and ten thousand copies
for the use of the Commissioner of Patents. And alsofirty-
thouaund extra copies of the mechanical part of said report
for the use of the said members, and ten thousand copies
for the use of said Commissioner.
The resolution was adopted.
COMMODORE PERRY'S REPORT.
Mr. MURRAY. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Printing to report the following
resolutions:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to communicate to this House a copy of the report of Com-
modoie M. C. Perry, on the subject of the lite expedition
to J ipan, and if said report shall not be eompleted before
the expiration of the present session of Congress, then to
deliver the same to the Clerk of the House during the
recess.
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of said report,
together with the maps, charts, and drawings, be printed
and bound in the style of Lieutenant Gilhss's report, fcr
the use of the members of the present House of Represent-
atives, and five hundred additional copies for the use of
said Commodore M. C. Perry.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make
an inquiry of the gentleman from New York.
Those resolutions require that the report of Com-
modore Perry shall be bound in the same style as
the report of Lieutenant Gibbon 
Mr. MURRAY. No, sir; Lieutenant Gilliss.
Mr. JONES. I thought it was Gibbon's Re-
port. I wish to inquire of the gentleman in what
sort of style that is bound, for we have neverseen
it or heard of it since it was ordered to be printed ?
Mr. MURRAY. It is bound in quarto form.
Mr. JONES. I would inquire what has be-
come of Gibbon's Report?
_ Mr. MURRAY. It is now in the hands of the
binders, and will soon be delivered to the mem-
bers of the House. I move the previous question
on the resolution.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish my colleague would
withdraw it for a moment.
Mr. MURRAY. I will do so.
