1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
733
Mr. HAVEN. I have no doubt that the
report which is called for by these resolutions is
a very interesting production, but I want to sug-
gest to the House whether it is not a little prema-
ture for us to send for it and bring it in here after
we adjourn, and put the publication of it under
the authority of the Clerk of this House. I
desire to inquire of the Chair—and that is the
object for which I sought the floor—whether it
would be in order for me to move to strike out
the resolutions, and ingraft upon the foundation
of the resolves a b,H which shall authorize the
publication of this report in the way that the
report of the exploring expedition under Com-
modore Wilkes was published, under the super-
intendence of the Joint Committee on the Library?
Would such a motion be in order?
The SPEAKER. It would not. This is a
simple resolution for the House only, and it can-
not be converted into a bill. Bills are introduced
by leave, or are reported from committees.
Mr. HAVEN. That being the case, the object
for which I sought the floor, pretty much fades
away. I do not doubt that the country is very
desirous of seeing this report, and yet u seems to
me, that it would be about as well, inasmuch as
this book business has been carried to such an
immense extent, that this matter should be sus-
pended until the report is made out and sent in
to the House. I do not care, however, to inter-
pose any objection to the passage of the resolu-
tions.
Mr. MURRAY. I now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put, and,
under the operation thereof, the resolutions were
adopted.
Mr. MURRAY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were passed, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Eastman's map.
Mr. MURRAY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported adversely on the resolution in rela-
tion to the purchase of Captain Eastman's map of
Kansas and Nebraska; and it was ordered to lie
on the table.
REPORT OF THE DIRECTOR OF THE MINT.
Mr. RUSSELL. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the direc-
tor of the Mint, five hundred extra copies of the message
of the President of Hie United States, communicating the
annual report of said director, in connection with the letter
of the Secretary of the Treasury, communicating a report
on the fineness and value of foreign gold and silver com.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is no ob-
jection to that.
The resolution was fdopted.
Mr. HENN. 1 demand the regular order of
business.
Mr. SOLLERS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to allow me to make a-report from
the Committee on Naval Affairs. It has been in
my desk for three weeks. 1 just want to report
a bill.
Mr. HENN. I cannot give way any longer.
I have given way already for nearly half an hour.
pacific railroad surveys.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Printing to offer
the following resolution: "
Resolied, That there be printed, for the use of the House,
ten thousand copies of the reports of surveys for a railroad
to the Pacific, made under the di rection of the Secretary of
War, embracing the report of F. W. Lander, civil engineer,
of the survey of a railroad route from Puget's Sound, by
Fort Hill and the great Salt Lake, to the Mississippi river,
and the report of .f. C. Fi^moit for a route for a railroad
from the head waters of Kansas river into the State of Cal-
lioruM, with the maps and plates, accompanying each of
said report--, neccssary to illustrate them.
Mr. CODB. What about the southern route?
Mr. STANTON. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Stanton's reso-
lution, and it was adopted.
Mr. STANTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WHEELER, Mr. HENN, and others
called for the regular order of business.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The Chair is
called upon by gentlemen on all sides for the regu-
lar order of business, and therefore feels it his
duty to present it to the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am sure that no
gentleman will object to the proposition that 1
wish to submit, which is to have the bill called
the soldiers' bill, or the bounty land bill printed.
All that I desire to effect now is to have an order
made for this bill to be printed.
Mr. ORR. I object to it. I will consent to
the bill's being referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, which has charge of these matters.
That committee can have the floor, and may re-
port it back if they choose to do so. I insist upon
the regular order of business.
THE STEAM SLOOPS BILL.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
resolution which was pending last evening when
the House adjourned.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
Resolved, That all debate m the Committee of the Whole
on ihe slate of the Union on bill of the House (No. 7411)
to authorize tke construction of seven steam sloops of
war, shall cease in five minutesafter its consideration shall
have been resumed, if the committee shall not sooner come
to a conclusion on the same; and the committee shall llien
procced to vote upon such amendments as may be pending,
or offered to the same, and shall then report it to the House
with such amendments as may have been agreed toby the
committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. If that resolution be adopted,
I suppose it will make that bill the order of busi-
ness in preference to everything else. I move,
therefore, to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. BOCOCK. This seems to be made a test
vote. I will, therefore, state to the House that if
the bill be not taken up now, it will riot be consid-
ered any more during this session. It will not
take long to dispose of it now, ant! I therefore
ask that the vote on the motion of the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] be considered as a
test vote.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 wish to ask the Chair
for information, as to whether theresokition closing
debate will, if adopted, have the effect which the
gentleman from Alabama suggests?
The SPEAKER. That will be a question for
the chairman of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union to determine.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I only want the opinion
of the Speaker on the question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is inclined to the
opinion that it would have that effect.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CUTTING. Do I understand that those
who are in favor of building the steam sloops of
war are to vote " no " on this question, and that
those who are opposed to it are to vote "aye?"
Mr. FLORENCE. That is so.
Mr. WHEELER. No test vote of this kind
can be made here.
The SPEAKER. It is out of order to discuss a
question of this sort while the roll is being called.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen. Willis Allen,
Bennett, Benson, Bliss, lioyce, Dristow, Bugg, Campbell,
Carpenter, Caruthers, Clark, Cobb, Cook, Corwin, Cox,
Crai"e, Cullom, John G. Davis, Thomas Davis, Dawson,
Dickinson, Eastman, Edgerton, Edmands, Thomas D. El-
iot, English, Ethendge, Fuller, Gamble, Giddmgs, Good-
will, Greenwood, Grow, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Andrew
J. Harlan, Hastings, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hill, Hous-
ton, Howe, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Clancy
Jones Knox, Kurtz, Lamb, Latham, Letcher, Lmdley,
Limlsley, McCulloch, McQueen, Mace, Macy, Mattesou,
Maunce, M.iyall, Meacham, Middleswarth, Murray,Nich-
ols Noble, Norton,Olds, AndrewOhver, Mordecai Oliver,
Packer, Parker, Peck, Pennington, Phelps, Pratt, Prmgle,
Puryear,Thomas Kitchey, Rovve, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sew-
ard Shannon, Shaw, Simmons, William R. Srmtb,
Geor«e W. Smyth, Sollers, IJestor L. Stevens, Plratton,
Andrew Stuart, John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathan-
iel G. Taylor, Tracy, Upham, Wade, Waller, Warren,
Ellihu B. Washblirne, Israel Washburn,Wells, Mm Went
worth, and Yates—108.
NAYS —Messrs. Appteton, Ashe, David J. Bailey,
Banks, Belcher, Boeock, Bridges!, CasJtie, Chamberlain,
Chandler, Chastain, Crocker, Cutting, De Witt, Dowdell,
Dnnbar, Everhart, Farley, Fentori, Florence, Goode,
Green, Grey, Wiley P. Harris, Hibbard, Hiester, Hughes,
Ingersoll, Roland Jones, Kerr, Kittredge, Lilly, Maedon-
ald, McDougall, McNair, Maxwell, Smith Miller, Mill'
son, Morrison, Orr, Peckham, Phillips, Powell, ileady,
Riddle, David 'Ritchie, Robbing, Rogers, Ruffin, Russeil^
Seymour, Shower, Skelton, William Smith, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Trout, Tweed, Vail, Van-
sant, Walbridge, Walker, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler,
Hendrick B. Wright, and ZoihcofTer—66.
So the resolution closing debate on the bill was
laid on the table.
CLAIMS IN FLORIDA.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
rules of the House be suspended, and that the
House do now resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the business first in order is the joint resolution
reported the other day by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,] entitled "A joint res-
olution to fulfill the stipulations of the ninth article
of the treaty of 1819 between the United States
and Spam."
Mr. JONES. I make a pointof order cn that.
That resolution was brought in here under the
suspension of the rules on Monday. The rules
could only be suspended on that day. And 1 think
the practice of this House has been that when
business is introduced here under the suspension
of the rules on Monday, and is undisposed of, it
goes over to the next Monday, when it comes up
as the unfinished business of that day.
The SPEAKER. That proposition is a clear
and correct one. But the previous question having
been seconded, it brings up the bill now, in the
opinion of the Chair.
Mr. JONES. The previous question was sec-
onded, but the main question has not been ordered.
The SPEAKER. The seconding of the pre-
vious question has always been regarded as of
equal force to the ordering of the main question,
in respect to giving precedence to business.
Mr. JONES. I do not recollect a case estab-
lishing that principle. *
The SPEAKER. The Chair will put a case:
Suppose the House should refuse to order the
main quest'"" to be put, what would be the effect
of that' The effect of it would be.under the uni-
versal practice of this body, to carry it over until
to-morrow, and to bring it up as the first business
to-morrow.
Mr. JONES. I think it would have the effect
of bringing it up on the next suspension day.
The SPEAKER. It would go over till to-
morrow only, the Chair thinks. The practice
has been universally the same as the Chair pro-
poses to rule on this case—namely, that the second-
ing of the previous question has the same force
which the ordering of the main question would
have in respect to giving preference to the bill
under consideration.
Mr. JONES. 1 submit this question to the
Chair. The only difference between seconding
the demand for the previous question and the or-
dering of the main question, is in the number of
votes required for each 
Mr. SOLLERS, (interrupting.) 1 understand
that the Chair has decided the question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
the bill reported by the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Stanton] is the first business in order.
Mr. SOLLERS. I rise to a question of order.
This discussion is out of order.
Mr. JONES. Then I appeal from the decision
of the Chair, and I have a right to debate that
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must correct the
gentleman from Tennessee. No question in regard
to the precedence of business can be debated.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw the appeal; and 1
ask the Chair, as the main question has not been
ordered, whether it is in order to move to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. If
his decision is correct, that motion is not in order.
Mr. ORR. I desire to inquire what the present
condition of this bill is, and whether it is in order
to move to reconsider the vote by which the pre-
vious question was seconded ?
