784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
The SPEAKER. The immediate motion pend-
ing is to lay the bill on the table; and on that the
yeas and nays are ordered.
Mr. ORR. Wei!, Mr. Speaker, it was I who
made that motion; and if there is any prospect of
the previous question being reconsidered, I am
willing to withdraw the motion to lay the bill on
the table. I desire to be heard on this bil', as I
have got information which, I think, may prove
serviceable to the House, if 1 have the privilege of
laying it before the House. I therefore withdraw
the motion to lav the bill on the table.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire to
state simply, that if the seconding of the previous
question be reconsidered, and ifthegentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Orr] be allowed to make a
speech against the bill, and if I be allowed to
answer it without the probability of the case pass-
ing from before the House, and coming to the
Speaker's table, where we would not reach it this
session, I am perfectly willing to consent to it;
but except this can be done, I am unwilling 
Mr JONES, of Tennessee, (interrupting.) I
ask if this debate is in order when the Chair has
decided that the previous question has been sec-
onded ?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to inquire of the
Chair what is the condition of the bill for the con-
struction of the seven steam sloop's?
The SPEAKER. That bill is now before the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
[Cries of " Question !" " Question !"]
The SPEAKER. The question is on ordering
the main question to be now put.
Mr. ORR. Suppose, Mr. Speaker, that the
main question be ordered to be put, and the mo-
tion be then made to reconsider the vote on order-
ing the mam question to be put, and that that
motion be carried, will not that bring us back to
the point, ond open the question for debate?
The SPEAKER. If it be the desire of the
House to go back, so as to be able to amend the
bill, the motion may be made to reconsider the
vote by which the previous question was seconded.
Mr. ORR. Then I move to reconsider the vote
by which the previous question was seconded.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Is that motion
in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so decided.
The question was taken on the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the previous question was
seconded, and agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman from
South Carolina will allow me to move to recom-
mit this bil1, so as to keep it before House.
Mr. ORR. Certainly, if the gentleman desires
to raakt- that motion.
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. Is not the demand
for the previous question now pending ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JONES, i hope that the House will vote
it down.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. JONES. I ask the gentleman from South
Carolina to agree to let this measure go over until
next Monday.
Mr. ORR. I would be perfectly willing to do
it if there was time; but I hope the debate will be
short upon this bill,and that it will be voted upon
to-day.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Senate have disposed
of all the appropriation bills sent from the House,
and they are now without work from the House
of that character. There are several appropria-
tion bills which I desire to report, and I hope that
gentlemen will allow some of these bills to be
taken up and disposed of, so that we may give
the Senate something to do.
Mi. STANTON. We can dispose of this
Florida claims bill in a couple of hours, and [ hope
it will be done. I do not want to be precluded
now from the consideration of this bill.
Mr OPvR. I would myself be very glad to have
the House resolve itself" into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, for the pur-
pose of taking up the appropriation bills, because,
looking to the condition in which the business of
the House is at present, I think that some of these
bills are in imminent peril, and may, possibly, be
lost for the want of time. 1 do not think, though,
that I could, in good faith, even yield the floor to
allow that motion to be made, because many of the
friends of this Florida claims bill have acceded to
my request to be heard upon its merits, and have
voted to reconsider the previous question ordered
on Monday last, to give me the opportunity of
expressing my opposition to the bill. 1 therefore
propose to submit some remarks with reference to
the bill now to be passed upon by the House. It
is a very ungracious task for a Representative
upon this floor to be putting himself in the way of
claimants who believe that they have demands
upon the Treasury. It provokes enmities, and
rarely makes friends. I think, though, it is the
duty of a Representative, not only in the consid-
eration of public, butprivate questions, upon which
he has to decide here, to guard the interests of his
constituents with fidelity; and when he satisfies
himself that a measure is wrong, he is solemnly
bound to interpose his voice and efforts to secure
its rejection.
W hen the rules were suspended on Monday
last and this bill came up, I had not heard any-
thing of its merits or demerits; but when I heatd
the proposition announced that a bill was to be
passed to supersede, overrule, and override the
consistent and unifoi m action and decisions of the
Treasury Department from 1825 to the present
time, I was unwilling to cast a vote upon the ques-
tion, until I could hear what reasons could be as-
signed for the passage of a measure so radical in
its purposes. The previous question, however,
waa demanded—nil debate cut off—all explanation
refused—and the House was weli nigh precipita-
ted into a vote, when few of the members had the
slightest information to justify the passage of so
important a bill. After a con&iderablc struggle, an
adjournment was obtained, and I have taken some
pains to examine the merits of (he bill. The ex-
amination which I haveinade has been, of course,
a very hurried one, and the vaut number of docu-
ments that have been accumulating from time to
time since the origin of these claims, has precluded
me from making the fu'l and thorough investiga-
tion which 1 desired. The investigation satisfies
me, beyond all doubt or controversy, and I think
I shall be able to satisfy a majority of this House,
that there is no merit in these claims, for the rea-
son that the bill makes an appropriation for a sum
far greater than was contemplated by the treaty
of 1819 with Spain—greater than contemplated
by the acta of 1823 and 1834—I think I shall be
able to show that it exceeds the sums contempla-
ted more than tenfold. The amount of property
destroyed or despoiled bears no proportion to the
amounts which these claimants have already re-
ceived. This is a brood assertion; but the facts,
when properly understood and appreciated, will
fully snptain it.
In 1819, a treaty was negotiated between the
United States and Spain for the acquisition of
Florida. One of the stipulations of that treaty
provided that the United States will cause satis-
faction to be made for injuries, if any, which, by
process of law, shall be established to have been
suffered by Spanish officers and individual Span-
ish inhabitants by the late operations of the Amer-
ican army in Florida. In ]8lS and 1813, there
was an invasion of East Florida, and in 1814 an
incursion was made into West Florida, under the
direction and command of General Jackson. The
army of the United States had also gone into the
Territory of Florida in 1818, and the clause in
the treat}' already referred to evidently meant to
provide for the spoliations committed during the
iast invasion, for it refers to the late operations of
the American army in Florida.
TheSecrctary of theTreasury, [Mr. Crawford,]
during Mr. Monroe's administration, decided, and
the decision was acquiesced in by the whole of
the Cabinet, including Mr. Monroe himself, that
the spoliations which were committed prior to
1818 were not included within the provisions of
the section which I have quoted. His decision
was subsequently affirmed by Mr. Rush, and the
.Treasury Department conformed its action there-
with. '1 he decision was made on claims where
the depredations were committed in 1812 and 1813,
and they were disallowed because Mr. Crawford
held that only the spoliations of 1818 were provided
to be paid by the treaty.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I think the
gentleman will find, upon examination, that the
decision of Mr. Crawford was made upon a case
which occurred during the invasion of West Flor-
ida, where it was decided that General Jackson
had a right to follow the enemy into neutral ter-
ritory, and that it was not against the law of na-
tions. I think that the claim was based upon that
ground. The case of General Matthews, jn 1812
and 1813, stood in an entirely different position.
Mr. ORR. I will come to that point in a short
time. By the second section of this act of 1823, to
which I have referred, it is provided—
" That in all cases in which said judges
and I ask the attention of the House to its phra-
seology—
<fin all cases in which said judges shall decide in favor
of the claim,"the decisions, with the evidence on which they
are founded, shall be, by the said judges, reportedto the Sec-
retary of the Treasury}v>ho, on being sutured that the same
are jus/, and equitable, and within the ■pro-onions of the treaty,
shall pay the amount thereof to the person or persons m
whose favor the same are adjudged, out of any inone> m
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
The act directed the district judges in the Ter-
ritory of Florida to investigate all these claims,
and report the result of their examination to the
Secretary of the Treasury, subject to his revisal
and approval.
It has been contended that it was unconstitu-
tional to constitute the Secretary of the Treasury
of the United States an appellate tribunal tooverrule
the judicial decisions which had been made by one
of the district judges. It has been further insisted,
in urging* these claims upon the House, that
where the judges decided that a certain amount
was due, and awarded interest upon it, that the
decree could not be separated by the Secretary of
the Treasury, and if he paid any portion of it he
was bound to pay all.
Well, 1 concede that that is true as a legal prop-
osition, if the judicial officers in Florida were
acting, in determining these questions, as judges*
But they were acting m no such capacity. They
were designated as "judges," &c., as a mere
cZiscWpiio pemwee, and were merely commissioners,
as the act itself clearly demonstrates. They were
to receive and adjust all claims, and, if they
awarded favorably, they were to transmit the
evidence and awaid to the Secretary of theTreas-
ury, and if he determines the*claims so reported,
just and equitable, then he is to pay them. Is
there not a wide discretion here confided to the
Secretary, and with his right to supervise and re-
ject their report, how can it be claimed that the
functions of the judges were judicial ?
But I have the very highest authority for declar-
ing that the judges there did not act in a judicial
capacity, but as commissioners, in which authority
that very question is decided with reference to these
very judges, and their acts. The authority is no
less than the solemn decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States, on this precisa-case—not a
case merely analogous.
The following: extracts from the opinion of
Chief Justice Taney, delivered in the Supreme
Court of the United States, will settle the question
as to the character in which the Florida judges
acted m these cases. It will show they acted as
commissioners, and not judicially. The case was
decided at December term, 1851. The case is the
United States vs. Ferreria, reported in volume 13
Howard's S. C. R., 40. Chief Justice Taney says:
"The treaty of 1819, by which Spain ceded Florida to
the United States, contains the following stipulation in the
9th article :
" The States shall «ause satisfaction to be made for the
injuries, jf any, which by process of law shall he estab-
lished to have been suffered by the Spanish officers and in-
dividual Spanish inhabitants, by ibe late operation of the
American army in Florida.
" [n 1823 Congress passed an act to carry into execution
this article of the treaty. The firn section of thi- law
authorizes the judges of the supeuor courts established at
fet. Augustine ami Pen^acoln, respectively, to receive and
adjust all claims arising wr hui their respective jurisdictions,
agreeably to the provisions ot the article ot the lieaty above-
mentioned; and the second section provides, "that in all
cases where the judges s hall decide in favor of the claim-
ants, the decision, with the evidence on which they are
founded, shall be, by the said judges, reported to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, who, on beni^ <*aU«fi<-d that thp snma
is just and equitable, within the provisions of the treaty,
shall pay the amount thereof to the person or persons in
whose favor the same is adjudged.
" Under this law, the Secretary of the Treasury held that
it did not apply to injuries futferfd Horn the cau<e* men-
tioned m the treaty or 1812 and 1813, but to those of a sub-
sequent period. And in consequence of this decision,
another law was parsed in lt34, oxiendins the provisions
of the former act to injuries sufiercd in 18I2 and IB13 but
hrmtinp the time for predentin?? the claims to one \enr from
ihe passage of the act This "law embraced the claim
the present claimant." ******
"The territorial judges, therefore, in adjusting these
