1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ns
claims, derived their authority altogether from the Jaws
above-mentioned ; and their decisions can be entitled to no
higher recprct or authority than these laws gave them.
They are referred, by the act of 1823, to ihe treaty for the
description of the injury which the law requires them to
adjust; but not to enlarge the powerwhich the law confers,
nor to change the character in which the law authorizes
tiiem to act.
"The law of 1823, therefore, and not the stipulations of
the treaty, furnishes the rule for the proceeding of the terri-
torial judges, and determines their character. And it is
manifest that this power to decide upon the validity of these
claims is not conferred on them as a judicial function, to
be exercised in the ordinary fornix of a court of justice, for
there is to be no suit, no parties in the legal acceptance of
the teim are to be made, no process to issue, and no one is
authorized to appear on behalf of the United States or to
summon witnessesm the case. The proceedingisaltogether
ex parte; and all that die judge is required to do is to re-
ceive the claim when the party presents it, and to adjust it
upon such evidence as he may have before him or be able
to obtain. But neither the evidence nor his award are to
be filed in the court in which he presides, nor recorded
there; but he is required to transmit both the decision and
the evidence upon which he decided, to the Secretaiy of
the Treasury ; and the claim is to be paid if the Sccietary
think* it just and equitable, but not otherwise. It is to be
a debt from the United Stales upon the decision of the
Secretaiy, hut not upon that of the judge.
" It is too evident for argument upon the subject, that
such a tribunal is not a judicial one, and that the act of
Congress dtd not intend to make it one. The authority
conleircd on the representative judges was nothing more
than that of a commisMonerto adjustceitani claims agatn-t
the United States; and the office of judges and their re-
spective jurisdictions are refeired to in the laws merely as
a designation of the persons to whom the authority is con-
fided and the territorial hunts to which it extends. The
decision is not the judgment of a courtof justice. It is the
ctJ-aid of a coynnt'ssioner. The act of 1834 calls it an
award, and an appeal to thh courtlrom Mich a decision, bv
such au authority from Hie judgment of a court of record
would he an anomaly in ihe history of jurisprudence.
" Nor c&n we e any ground for objection to the power
of rcvis on given to the Secretaiy of thuTieasury. When
the United States consent to submit the adju-tuient of
claims against them to any tribunal, they have a light to
pre.-c lb the conditions upon whicu they will p.ly. And
they had a right, thtrefoic, to make the approval of the
award by the Secretary of the T easiirv on" of the condi-
tions upon winch they would agree to be hnblo. NocUun
is, therefore, due from the United States until it is sanc-
tioned by hint; and Ins decision again;-t the claimant for
the whole or a pait of a claim as allowed by the jud^e is
final and conclusive. It cannot afteiwards be di>turhed
by an appeal to this or any other com j, or in any other
way, wimout the authority of an act of Congiess.5'
"Th<  powers conferred by these acts of Congress upon
the judge, as well as the Secretary, are, it is true, judicial in
their ii.il ure. For judgment and discretion nnift be exer-
cised i<y bo'h of them. 13ut it is nothing more than the
power ordinarily given by law to a commissioner appointed
to adjust clainHtoUnd or money under a treaty, or special
powers* to inquire into oi decide any other pariu ul.ir elas-s
ot controversies in winch the public or individuals may be
concerned. A power of this description may constitution-
ally be conlerred on a Secietary as well as a commissioner.
But it is not judicial in either case in the M-n^e in which
judicial pow< r is granted by the Constitution to the couits
of the United Statt s." ***• ♦*
" Independent of these objections we are at some loss to
undeisiaud howthiscase could be legally transmitted to this
court, and certified as a transcript of a record m the district
court.
" According to the directions of the act of Congress, the
deci>to,i of the judge, and the evidence on which it is
founded, ought to have been transmitted to the Set ivtary of
the Treasur.. Tliey are not to remain in the district court,
nor be recorded there. Tncy legally belong to the office of
the Secretary of the Treasury, and not to the court; and a
copy from the clerk ol the latter would not be evidence in
any courtof jut-tice. Tnere is no record of the proceedings
of the district court of which a transcript can be legally
made and certified ; and consequently there n no transcript
now before u-< that we can recognize aa evidence ot any
proeeeduig or judgment in that court."
It is now fixed, I trust, beyond cavil, as to the
character in which these judges acted. These ex-
tracts show that the Supreme Court have decided
that the judges of Fiorida in acting, acted as com-
missioners, that they had the right to act as com-
missioners, and that C ingress had not exceeded
its constitutional powers in giving to the Secretary
of the Treasury jurisdiction over the decrees and
awards made by the Judges or commissioners——
Mr. STAN TON, of Tennessee, (interrupting.)
With the permission of the gentleman, I wish to
call his attention to the note which is appended to
the decision. Itappears by it, that after the decis-
ion was made, the attention of the court was called
to previous decisions—which had not been printed
 made by Judge Marshall, in which he decided
that the judges, constituted by act of Congress,
could not act as commissioners, unless they were
nominated by the President and confirmed by the
Senate. I need not refer him to the cases in which
the Supreme Court of the United States has decided
that an executive officer could not be clothed with
the judicial power of the Government. I call his
attention to that note, as I shall contest the infer-
ence which he has drawn from the case, and shall
show that the court decided nothing, except that
they had no jurisdiction, and that that is contra-
dicted by the previous decisions of Judge Mar-
shall.
Mr. ORR. 'I do not perceive the slightest con-
flict in the note to which the gentleman refers and
the decision from which I have read, and hope he
will point it out when he replies. I read the re-
port to show what is the adjudicated law of the
case with reference to these judges. I take this
act, and show you from that what the fair inter-
pretation of it is, and as further evidence, if the
decision of the Supreme Court fails to satisfy my
friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Stantom,] if the act
still leaves him in doubt, I state, from reliable in-
formation, that these judges received a per diem
compensation while they were thus serving as
commissioners in addition to their regular salary
as district judges. But suppose there was a conflict
in the decisions of the Supreme Court, as the gen-
tleman supposes; which would be best author-
ity, the decision made in 1794, or in 1851? Would
not the last decision control ?
But I rely on these decisions to aid me in the
construction which I give to the act of 1823 and
1834, that Congress never intended to confer upon
the judges the power to decide these questions as
judgesy with the view of breaking down the con-
clusion which gentlemen attempt to adduce, that
when they made a decree for the interest, the
Government was as much bound to pay that as it
was to pay the principal. The Secretary of the
Treasury hod the perfect right, under the law, to
review the decisions. When the testimony was
submitted, he had the right to dock the claims; he |
had the right to dock them to the extent of inter j
est and principal, if he were satisfied that they ;
were inequitably and unjustly awarded. i
In 3853 tiiis act was passed of which I have !
been speaking. Up to 1834, there had been drawn
from the Treasury, under us provisions, the sum
of $31 708. That was ihe whole amount drawn
from the Treasury by the act of 1823. In 1834,
however, Congress passed another act. It under-
took to say by the passa?* of that act, that the
spoliations committed in 1812 '13, in East Florida,
and in 1814 in West Florida, were embraced in
the treaty stipulations providing for the payment
of indemnity. The act was passed; and I sus-
pect that it was passed mainly upon the represent-
ations of the then Delegate from the Territory of
Florida, and the report from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs in the House of Representatives,
submitted by Mr. Everett, of Massachusetts.
Before I enter upon this branch of the sul-j^ct,
it is necessary that 1 should make a preliminary
statement. The Secretary of the Treasury, Mr.
Crawford, during Mr. Monroe's administration,
disallowed these claims of 1812, 1813, and 1814.
The judge in Florida had previously proceeded to
investigate them, made awards, and returned the
awards and evidence to the Treasury Department,
and they were filed there. Mr. Everett, in his
report, asked that Congress should pass a sup-
plemental bill to embrace those claims thus dis-
allowed by the Secretary of the Treasury and his
successors. The whole amount of claims provis-
ionally awarded by the j ulge of the superior
court of East Florida, Mr. Everett, in his report,
says, was $41,866; and thst claims to a much
larger amount were presented, but rejected for
various causes, which are set forth upon the
record. These $41,£66 embraced all the claims of
1812-'13; and there is left out of this item no
claims except those of 1814. I assume that the
amount of spoliations committed in 1814 were
even less than those of 1812—*13. I have not the
authority before me, but that inference is legit-
imate, especially when it is stated by Mr. Everett,
in his report, that great care and caution wa3
exercised by General Jackson in 1814, when he
marched do* n into West Florida, to prevent any
unnecessary spallation or destruction of prop-
erty.
Well, sir, the committee rc-ported the bill, and
it was passed in 1834. When that bill came be-
fore the House for consideration, the then Dele-
gate from Florida, the honorable Mr. White—and
1 do not mean to cast any imputation upon hirn,
or upon Mr. Everett, for 1 believe that they were
both misled i/i regard to these claim?—Mr. White,
I say, made a specific declaration on this subject
which is pertinent. 1 believe, further, with respect
to both Mr. White and Mr. Everett, if they were
standing where I now stand, that they would raise
their voices, as I now lift mine, to prevent further
payment of these claims. When the bill came up
in the House for consideration, Mr. McKay, of
North Carolina, inquired what was the amount of
the claims provided for by the bill? It was a spe-
cific question—what is the amount of the claims
provided for by this bill of 1834? Mr. White, the
Delegate from Florida, the gentleman who had
prepared an elaborate argument, and sent it to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, upon which their
report was mainly predicated, a gentleman who
was familiar with all of these claims and in all their
aspects, gave a direct answer to that categorical
question. What wag that answer? Mr. White
said "they would not exceed $40,000." Yet,
Mr. Speaker, under the provisions of that act,
with the report of Mr. Everett, declaring that the
amount would not exceed $41,866 for all the claims
of 1812 and 1813, the declaration of Mr. White,
that the claims would not exceed $40>000, there
has been already abstracted from theTreasury, by
these claims, the enormous sum of $1,052,607 90.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 will make
a suggestion to the gentleman. Mr. White, the
Delegate from Florida, submitted an argument at
that lime to the committee which reported this
bill, in favor of the admission of the West Florida
claims, claims which are in express terms ex-
cluded from it; and I think the gentleman will find,
on examination of that debate, that Mr. White
was then speaking of the West Florida, and not
of the East Florida claims.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Speaker, I will read all that
was said on the subject. There is no misunder-
standing it. There can be none with reference
to what Mr. White intended to declare upon the
floor of this House. None, sir. He may have
been imposed on; he may have been deceived;
but 1 charge here, sir, if the claims really, and in
good faith, amounted to upwards of a million of
tiollars at that time, that a fraud was perpetrated
on the House in the passage of that act.
The debate, which is to be found reported in the
Congressional Globe of Twenty-Thiid Congress,
vols. 1 and 2, is as follows:
" On motion of Mr. White, the hill for the relief of cer-
tain inhabitants of Bast Flonda was talc«n u  and read.
"Mr. McKay inquired what was the amount of the
claims provided for by tins bill?
" Mr. White said they would not exceed §40,000.
" Mr. Wit.lta.ms called for the reading of the report of
the committee relative to these claim?.
" Mi. Wmrn said he could explain these claims in less
time than the leading of ihe repoit would require. M:.
W. went into a statement of the occupation of East Flc:'
ida /'if (hfi Unitrd States m 1811, and ihe nature of the claim*
arising out of this occupation.
"Alter a iew remarks between Messrs. McKay and
White, the bill was laid aside."
This is an exact quotation from the debate
which resulted in the passage of the act.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I would like to know how
much, in addition to what has already been allow-
ed, this bill appropriates? I am told that it appro-
priates $1,400,000 additional. It is well that the
[louse she uid be advised on this subject.
Mr. ORR. The information which I have upon
that subject—I have not made the calculation my-
self—is, that, if this bill passes, to pay interest
upon all these awards, it will require $1,556,000
in addition to what has been already paid.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to correct the gentle-
man. The whole amount claimed un£er this bill
for interest will amount only to about^l^O 000.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman has made the cal-
culation, 1 do not call in question his result.
Mr. STANTON. I have made the calculation,
and the result is what I have stated-. The amount
stated by the gentleman includes $244,000 for in-
terest subseciuent to the decrees to which the gen-
tleman has alluded. That claim is not provided
for in this bill. If they are included, the whole
will amount to $1,556,000, as the gentleman has
stated.
Mr. ORR. Well, sir, the aggregate amount of
the claims included in this bill will reach nearly
$1,500,000. , , .
After the act of 1823, which was passed by the
men who made the treaty of 1819, and which was
expounded by the men who made the treaty,
but §30,000 was paid for these claims during the
first eleven years; and at the time of the supple-
mental legislation upon the subject, it was stated
that they would not exceed $40,000  But, sir.
