1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
739
principle which I supposed the Democratic party
regarded as one of the articles of its creed. But
the gentleman called for the previous question, and
I had no chance to discuss the question. I did not
much care about doing so then, nor do I intend to
discuss the question now.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, by
leave of the gentleman from Florida, I will make
ft suggestion. It is impossible for every member
of the House to examine very thoroughly every
claim which is brought before the body, and we
have to rely, to some extent, upon the reports of
committees. Understanding that this bill was
unanimously reported on favorably by the Judi-
ciary Committee, and having read a portion of the
documentary evidence in its support, I, with many
other gentlemen, came to the conclusion that the
principle on which it was founded was correct—
which was, that, in giving satisfaction to the sub-
jects of a foreign nation for damages inflicted by
our troops, it was proper to pay them full compen-
sation for the losses whicn they sustained in the
seizure of their property, and that po depart-
mental regulation of the Government touching
interest ought to interfere with it. But the prin-
ciple for paying them for loss if their property
reaches no further than the giving them full in-
demnity. And I want to call the attention of my
friend from Florida to the point which has been
made by the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
rr] this morning—that the claimants probably
have, if the cases which he read may be consid-
ered as a sample of the whole, received full indem-
nity for whatever loss they may have sustained.
And it will be a considerable point, no doubt, in
the minds of many gentlemen who were disposed
to be favorable to this measure, if he can show
that the amount already paid to these claimants
out of the public Treasury was no more than a
just and fair indemnity for the principal of the
loss sustained, and can also explain the extraor-
dinary conflict between the statement of the then
Delegate from Florida (Mr. White) upon this
floor, as to theamount oftheseclaims being $40,000,
with the fact that they have been already paid,
ss 1 understand from the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] $1,200,000. If they have
already been paid enough, 1 am unwilling to vote
more, on the principle of indemnifying them in
damages for the loss of the use of their property,
although I believe that that principle is a correct
one when this Government is making satisfaction
to the subjects of foreign Governments under such
a treaty as that with Spain of 1819.
Mr. PARKER. With the permission of the
gentleman from Florida, I will make a brief per-
sonal explanation. 1 feel it to be my duty to state,
after what has been said, that the House is labor-
ing under a mistake if it supposes this bill comes
here with the unanimous approval of the Judiciary
Committee. Such is not the case. I voted against
it; and, in doing so, 1 was not alone. I had the
expectation that, when it came here, it would be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
stale of the Union, and there be discussed.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. 1 was informe<! that
the bill was unanimously reported to the House.
Mr. MAXWELL. Mr. Speaker, I feel it in-
cumoent upon me to say something to the House
in reference to the claim under consi4eration, al
though much I would have said, had 1 obtained the
floor when my friend from Tennessee was recog-
nized, has been already said by him. Yet in the
discussion which we have had here this morning,
it has been put in a position where my own self
respect and the respect which I entertain for the
constituency who have sent me to this Hall, forbid
that I should longer remain silent in my seat. I
come, then, not only to urge the propriety of the
passage of the bill, but to vindicate my people, to
vindicate your eminent officers of Government—
to vindicate all who have had conection with this
claim from the charge which has been boldly
made against them upon this floor, of having per-
petrated a fraud upon the Congress of the United
States. I feel that they can be vindicated; and
really the case is so plain that I shall have to make
but little effort to brush away the bug-bear which
the gentleman has raised before the eyes of hon-
orable members.
But for what has been said by my friend from
South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] I should have con-
tented myself to leave this measure to be voted
on without any word of mine in its behalf. The
report of the able chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee [Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee] is so forcible
and conclusive upon the merits of this claim, that
I deemed it utterly unnecessary for me, although
my constituents are interested in it, and it relates
to a transaction in which my State is historically
interested, to obtrude myself, as I very seldom
do, (and of this the House will bear me witness,)
on its attention. Therefore, I Bhall not now un-
dertake to go fully into the merits of this claim.
If the gentleman from Tennessee has not presented
it with a force which will carry conviction to the
mind of the House, I shall be unable to succeed
any better.
I shall direct my remarks almost exclusively to
a reply to the gentleman from South Carolina.
He has made an argument which I think will not
bear the test of scrutiny. He undertakes to prove
it an unjust and improper claim. What argu-
ment did he adduce to prove it? He first went
back to the action of the Department under the
law of 1823, arrayed against us the word "late"
in the English version of the treaty, which, how-
ever, does not occur in the Spanish version.
But, sir, his remarks in reference to the act of
1834, themselves render harmless any force that
might otherwise have attached to this point in the
argument he made, in bringing to the attention of
the House the fact that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, acting upon the responsibility which
controls that body, acting upon the same respon-
sibility which prompts the gentleman from South
Carolina now to oppose this measure, feeling, I
trust, all the conscientiousness in regard to the
proper discharge of duty which he feels, I say,
the Congress of the United States, under these
circumstances, by ita solemn act, recognized and
adopted the fact that these claims came within the
meaning of the ninth article of the treaty of 1819.
Now, sir, of what avail is it to urge the obji c-
tions of Secretaries of the Treasury prior to 1834,
when the act of Congress stands forth upon your
statute-book, asserting that it was intended to
provide for these claims under the treaty of 1819?
They were intended to have been provided for
under the act of 1823, and before the passage of
the act of 1834 these citizens of Florida who were
Spanish subjects when the injuries were inflicted,
were pressing their claims for adjudication and
settlement. But the Secretary of the Treasury,
attaching importance to the word " late" in the
treaty, upon which my friend from South Carolina
has dwelt, but which, 1 think, was not intended
to exclude these claims, refused to allow and pay
them. During this time, there had been presented
at the Treasury of the United States, by citizens
of east Florida, claims amounting to about $40,000.
These were all that had then been considered;
and when Mr. White, the Delegate from Florida,
stated that he did not believe the whole amount of
the claims arising under the act of 1834 would
amount to more than §42,000, I have no doubt
he stated what was his honest belief. And the
insinuation, the charge of fraud, made by the
gentleman from South Carolina against Mr.
White, fails to the ground, when we remember
the circumstances, and the fact that these were all
the claims that at that time had been presented
for adjudication under the act of 1823.
Mr. OR.R. If the gentleman will allow me, I
expressly disclaimed any purpose to cast any
reflection either upon Mr. Everett or Mr. White.
I expressly disclaimed any purpose of charging
either of them with the intention to commit a fraud
upon Coneress.
Mr. MAXWELL. Well, sir, the gentleman
from South Carolina charged that a fraud had
been committed upon the House, and intimated
that it was through the statements then made that
it was perpetrated. 1 do not see how he escapes
from the position of having made that charge; but
as he has disclaimed any such intention, 1 have
nothing further to say upon the subject.
Now, sir, I come to prickthis bubble which the
gentleman has flaunted before our eyes to frighten
us from our propriety. In order to prove that this
claim is a fraud, he brings statements from the
Treasury Department, which he has read to the
House, setting forth certain allowances that have
been made, which, in his opinion, are not only
wrong, but monstrous. These claims, sir, were
allowed, after having undergone the investigation
of judicial officers of the United States, and after
having undergone the scrutiny of the guardian of
the funds of the United States In the Treasury
Department; and if there had been anything about
them so flagrantly improper as to shock the sens*
of propriety of any honest mar.; if there had been
anything that would induce a fair-minded man to
come at once to the confident conclusion to which'
the gentleman from South Carolina seems to have
come, that the claims were fraudulent, they would
have been very likely to havecaught some glimpse
of it. But, sir, they did allow them, and we have
not one particle of evidence that they saw any
impropriety in the allowance.
The gentleman reads that an allowance has
been made for loss of crop on the Greenfield plant-
ation in 1812, of $82,000, and then undertakes to
bring discredit upon the claim from an assumption
of the fact that the allowance was for an amount
which the claimant was not entitled to. I know
nothing about that. 1 know nothing of the losses
sustained by any of these claimants; but 1 do say
that the fact whether a large or small amount of
property was destroyed in any particular case,
cannot enter into the controversy as proof that a
fraud has been perpetrated. There is no Evidence
to show that the cotton, or the crop, for which the
claimant referred to received $82,000, would not
have brought him that amount if he had been
allowed to carry it to market.
But the gentleman says that some of this cotton
is placed at fifty cents per pound. Well, sir, he
knows, as everybody knows, that the price of
cotton in 1812, and in 1813, bore no proportion to
the price the same article has borne since the war
closed. The war of 1812 occasioned a great rise
in the price of cotton, and i am informed that
ordinary cotton then brought from twenty-five to
fifty cents. But when we consider the different
classes of cotton, when we speak of that descrip-
tion of cotton which can only be produced upon
the islandsalong the shores of South Carolina and
Georgia, and upon the main land in Florida—the
sea island cotton—you have, as the gentleman
from South Carolina himself must admit, a euf-
ficient explanation of the prices indicated in the
paper he has read. Sea island cotton always
brings three or four times as much as the ordinary
classes, so that computing the ordinary classes
of cotton at any rate then borne, the class raised
mostly in East Florida would bring certainly not
less than fifty cents. Hence, neither the fact of
the price per pound, nor the aggregate amount of
the claim, can furnish any evidence that theclaim
itself was not to the full extent allowed a just one.
But there are other facts going to show that this
charge of fifty cents per pound was not too much.
The Secretary of the Treasury finally adjudicated
upon the claims, and he must have been aware
that the price charged was about the market price
of that day. Sir, can any gentleman in this Hall
presume for a moment that a judge of Florida
would have permitted, and ihat the Secretary of
the Treasury would have permitted, a claim to be
paid, the mere statement of which was enough to
shock the moral sensibilities of an honest man, as
it has seemed to shock those of my friend from
South Carolina? I think it is a conclusion which
no gentleman who has respect for high officers of
the Government could possibly arrive at.
I think the explanation I have given, so far a«
the crops are concerned, is sufficient. And in
reference to the allowance for crops which the
party was prevented from making, and which is
held up before the House as agreat bus-bear, there
is, in the facts, a conclusive demonstration that
this portion of the claim was properly allowed at
the Treasury Department. Sir, the army in 1812
and in 1813 went into Florida, not making ita
march across the line and returning, not confining
its stay to a week and then going back, not con-
fining its injuries to one day, or one week, or one
month, or one year, but extending ihrouffh those
seasons of the years 1812 and 1813, when tht
planter should be most act ve to save, and also
most active in his labor to produce. I ask you,
sir, if what has been said by the gentleman from
Tennessee is not, in reference to this particular
point, a sufficient answer to the objection made
by my friend from South Carolina. If these
claimants, having their plantations ready to receive
the seeds which were to bring forth the products
by which their fortunes were to be made, or the
products upon wJiich they were to live, were pre-
vented from sowing those seeds and tilling their
soil by the operations of the United States army,
