742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
who has just come into the Senate during the
reading of the bill, says that he has just now re-
ceived late information from my colleague, [Mr.
Pish,] in which he protestsagainst the passage of
this bill. Inasmuch as it concerns the city of New
York, which is more immediately within his rep-
resentation than mine, that is sufficient to induce
me to consent that the matter lie over until we
hear further from him.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have but one word of
further explanation, and it is simply to say, in
justice to the Senator from New York now pres-
ent, that when I informed him of the desire of his
colleague that the bill should be deferred until he
could return to have action on it, he cheerfully
yielded, and did not insist on this bill until in-
formed that his colleague had yielded his objec-
tions.
The further consideration of the bill was post-
poned until to-morrow, and it was ordered to be
printed.
ATMOSPHERIC TELEGRAPH.
~ On motion by Mr. MALLORY, the bill to test
the practicability of J. S. Richardson's atmos-
pheric telegraph, was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to make a personal explanation. I
find laid upon my desk a pamphlet, emanating,
as it appears, from a certain Thomas J. Green. 1
believe each Senator has received a copy for him-
self. Had it been carried to them alone, I might
not have noticed it; but, as it has been obtruded
upon my personal notice, I think it proper to make
& very few remarks upon it. " There was a fellow
of that name in Texas, whose notoriety has not
yet died away from the recollection of Texans. I
have a right to infer that it is the same individual.
If it be so, it is he that an honorable member from
South Carolina once pointed out as the circulator
of a calumny against me, which became public,
and which found its way into the newspapers; but
it was explained and repelled. Of that calumny,
this Thomas Jefferson Green, of Texas, was the
author, and I may reasonably conclude that of this
pamphlet he is also the author. At the last session
it became my duty to criticise one of his books in
the library of Congress, which was replete with
calumnies. One statement certainly had the credit
of authenticity; I refer to that which relates to the
fraternity of Texas as a community. That I con-
ceded to be true; but that is about the only truth
in his four hundred pages.
In the pamphlet before me, I find a statement
that presented itself, accidentally, on opening its
pages, to which I will call the attention of the dis-
tinguished Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
who [ am happy to see in his seat. But for this
accidental discovery of this passage, I should not
have honored my slanderer by noticing his pro-
duction. 1 will read the passage to which I refer:
"Yet I have been told that when lie, Houston, was sent
on to Ashland as on« of the Senate's commutce with tbe
remains of that lamented patriot, [Mr. Clay,] that he,
Houston, in the presence of the people of Kentucky,
stooped and kissed the coffin of the illustrious dead, with a
sanctimonious phiz which would have shamed any Puritan
face in the days of the Roundheads. Was such unblushing
hypocrisy ever before witnessed ?"
Sir, it can scarcely be necessary to say that no
such ceremony was performed. It is a reflection
upon the memory of the dead, and a calumny of
the living. I call upon the distinguished Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Cass] to say whether any
such ceremony was performed, or whether any
member of the committee, except the chairman,
the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] I be-
lieve, approached the coffin of the deceased.
Sir, with every member of that committee,
thought that a " great man had fallen in Israel;'
that one of the great lights of the country had be-
come extinguished in the death of that illustrious
man. It was not anew sentiment with me. When
he was living, and a cloud seemed to have passed
over him, 1 dared to assert in the Senate that he
had rendered his country never-to-be-forgotten
services. In his life he had my respect, and our
associations were as intimate as could be expected
between one so humble aamyself, and one so illus-
trious as Henry Clay. .
But, sir, the time of the Senate is too precious
to be taken up by comments on the character ot
this man. 1 will not offend respsotable ears with
an allusion to dark reminiscences connected with
his character and private life in Texas. From the
time the lash was inflicted upon him by Jesse A.
Bynum, in North Carolina, to the last act of swind-
ling to which he resorted in Texas and in Mexico,
his notoriety has been unenviable. I am sorry I
have mentioned his name in the honorable Senate.
He has obtruded it here. I would not advise any
decent and respectable person to touch him with
a fifteen-foot pole, unless he had gloves upon his
hands of double thickness, and then he should
cast away the pole to avoid the influence of the
contaminating shock. I call upon the Senator
from Michigan to corroborate my statement in op-
position to what I have read from this pamphlet.
Mr. CASS. I merely wish to say that I saw
no such thing; I never heard of it until this mo-
ment; and I do not believe a word of it.
SALARY OF SUPREME COURT JUDGES.
On the motion of Mr. TOUCEY, the Senate,
as in Committee'of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill to increase the salary of the
Justices of the Supreme Court.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in; and the
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
in£.
On the question of the passage of the bill, Mr.
HAMLIN called for the yeas and nays, and they
were ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 30,
nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin,
Bright, Brodhead, Cass, Clay, Cooper, Dawson, Dodge of
Wisconsin. Evans, Geycr, Houston, Hunter, James, Jones
of Iowa. Jones of Tennessee, Maliory, Mason, Morton,
Pearce, Pettit, Pratt, Husk, Thomson of New Jereey,
Toucev, Walker, and Weller—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Brainerd, Doualas, Fessenden, ritzpat-
rick, Foot, Gillette, Hamlin, Sebastian, Seward, Slide)],
Stuart, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Wade, and Wil-
son—15.
So the bill was passed.
On the motion of Mr. BADGER, the title was
amended by striking out all except what relates to
the Judges of the Supreme Court.
HENRY H. MARSH.
Mr. STUART. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report back House bill
for the relief of Henry H. Marsh. I asktheSen-
ate to oblige me by putting it on its passage I can
state, in a few words, what it is. A mistake was
made by that man in entering a lot of land in 1836.
He sent his petition here as long ago as 1838, but
has never, to this time, been able to get what the
Land Office recommends—the right to change that
entry, and to take some land which is worth some-
thing. He made a mistake, as the proof shows.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the Ull. It will authorize
Henry H. Marsh to relinquish to the United States
the east half of the northeast quarter of section
four, of township eight, south of range thirteen,
west, in the district of land subject to sale at Kal-
amazoo, in Michigan, entered bvhimby mistake,
on or about the 21st of July, 1836, and apply the
money paid for that tract to the purchase of any
land subject to entry at private sale at the mini-
mum price of f 1 25 per acre. .
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
IOWA LAND DISTRICTS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate now to consider the bill to
change the boundaries of the land districts in the
State"of Iowa, and for other purposes, which my
colleague reported the other day, and which, on
my motion, was postponed. If any discussion
arises, I will agree to postpone the bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I desire to offer a sub-
stitute for the bill. It merely changes the time for
the creation of these land districts, and makes' a
slight change as to the boundaries. The original
bill having been read, I move that the reading of
the substitute be dispensed with.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. As the whole of the
bill was read the other day, and as the Senate are
familiar with it, I hope its reading will be dispensed
with.
Mr. BAYARD. I must object to action so
irregular ss p&ssing o. bill without its being r##d.
The substitute was read, and the question being
taken, it was agreed to; and the bill was reported
to the Senate as amended, and the amendment
was concurred in. The bill was then ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading) read the third
time, and passed.
PETITIONS.
Mr. BAYARD presented three petitions of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, asking an appropriation for
the erection of a building for the accommodation
of the courts of the United States," the post office,
and other public offices in the city of Philadelphia,
and also in favor of a particular location for the
same; which were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That Jesse Steadman have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred a resolution of
the Senate of the 27th December, 1854, instructing
them to inquire whether any, and if any, what
compensation should be allowed to Commodore M.
C. Perry, for his diplomatic services in negotiating
a treaty with the Empire of Japan, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which
was read and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petition of Peter Parker,praying
compensation for acting as charge d'affaires at
Canton, in China, and the petition of Horatio J.
Perry, praying compensation for services and ex-
penses as charge d'affaires to Spain, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for their relief; which
was read and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred House bill
for the relief of the children and grandchildren of
Thomas Morris, reported it back without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred House bill for the benefit of the heirs
of Philip R. Rice, deceased, reported it back with-
out amendment.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the memorial
of Robert Graham, praying a confirmation of hig
title to certain land, and compensation for such
other land as belonged to' him, but which was sold
by the United States, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which was read and
passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Library, to whom was referred House bill for the
relief of Titian R. Peale, reported it back with-
out amendment.
TEXAS DEBT BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that they insisted on their amend-
ment to the bill to provide for the payment of
such creditors of the late Republic of Texas as
are comprehended in the act of Congress of Sep-
tember 9, 1850, disagreed to by the Senate; that
they agreed to the conference asked by the Se-
nate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and that they had appointed Mr. Breck-
inridge, Mr. Howe, and Mr. George W.
Jones, managers.at the same on their part.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had approved and
signed the following acts:
An act to continue, temporarily, the offices of
register and receiver at Vincennes, Indiana;
An act to change the name of the schooner
Henry Plnntagenet to that of A. G. Brown; _
An act to amend "An act making appropriation#
for the improvement of certain harbors and riv-
ers," approved August 30, 1852; and
An act for the relief of Don B. Juan Domercq,
a Spanish subject.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill from the
