746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
settlement, and a duplicate thereof to the Commissioner of
Pensions. lie shall also transmit semi-annually to said
commissioner the names of all pensioners on the lists in
his agency at tile commencement of each half year, to
whom he was hable to make payments; also the named of
such pensioners as have been inscribed on said lists, or
transferred to his agency during said time, and shall desig-
nate the names of tliosi* he has paid, those who have died,
those whose pensions have terminated, those who have
not demanded their pensions for fourteen month.-, those
who have been transferred to other agencies, and the names
of the female pensioners who have married.
Sec. —. Jind be U further cuwied, That the Secretary of
the Interior shall regulate the remittances of funds to said
agents for the payment of pensioners in such manner and
at such times as to prevent any accumulation of balances
in their hands.
Sgo.—. Jind be it further enacted, That the provisions
of the fii st section of this act be also extended to those per-
sons who served as pension agents prior to the 20ih of Feb-
ruary, 1847, and subsequent to the 20th of April, 1836,
when no compensation was provided by law for such ser-
vices : Provided, That 110 such compensation shall be paid
to any president, cashier, or other bank-officer, who may
have performed such services as pension agent.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President,! do not know
what we shall have to call this bill, how we shall
amend its title, if all these various provisions be
passed. First comes the Committee on Military
Affairs, proposing to amend the Indian appropria-
tion bill; and next comes the Committee on Pen-
sions, doing the same thing ! Now, sir, it seems
to me that it is worthy of consideration, whether
the Senate will embrace so many incongruous
subjects in one bill. 1 know they have already
gone very far, but if we proceed in this way we
shall never know what we are taking up. When
we have prepared ourselves for Indian appropria-
tions, we are met with provisions which belong
more properly to the pension appropriation bill,
or to the civil and diplomatic hill, or to the bill
making appropriations for the military service.
Is this right.'
But, sir, I object to the amendment in itself. It
seems to me that it is an old acquaintance. I
think it is a bill which the Senate voted down
some year or two ago, on a showing from the De-
partment of the Interior in relation to the mode in
which the pension fund had been abused, and
the measure of compensation which we should be
giving under its provisions. I apprehend we
should be giving far more than the Senate sup-
foses, if we were to pass this measure. Besides
am told that there is no class of offices more
sought after than this very office which is held
by the agents to pay pensions. Probably, there
is none which is better paid in proportion to the
services rendered. But, sir, here is a bill with
multifarious provisions; a bill which none of us
expected to have proposed when we came here,
knowing that the Indian appropriation bill would
be under consideration, and it is pressed on us for
action as an amendment to that bill. Why, sir,
in order to do justice to the country, if this mode
of legislation is to be pursued, we ought to lay
the bill over, and take time to study this matter
of pensions, understand it, see what it is that we
are invited to do. 1 hope the Senate will vote
down the proposition, at least on this bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. This measure was considered
by the Senate on a former occasion; and, if 1 rec-
ollect aright, the only objection then made to it
was that it might include banks; but now it has
been so modified as to do away with that objec-
tion. A portion of the amendment is to pay
agents who received no compensation for paying
pensions for many years. The residue of its pro-
visions are recommended by the Pension Bureau
and by the Secretary of the Interior, and have
nothing whatever t.o do with the payment of agents,
but are only to correct some errors which existed
in the original legislation. My opinion is that it
ought to be germane to this bill, for at the time
when those agents were employed they were con-
nected with the War Department, which then had
charge of Indian affairs. I have offered theamend-
ment because, on a former occasion, when I
brought it forward, it was objected to that it
might include banks, and that objection has been
avoided; and I thought it might be perhaps as
germane an amendment as many of the others.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, when this sub-
ject was under consideration at a former period, I
consulted the Department, and I can say that it is
opposed to this increase of compensation. I be-
lieve, if the truth could be ascertained—indeed, I
have been informed it is probably the case—many
of these pension agents deposit the money which
is advanced to them, and get interest on it. Cer-
tain it is, as I am informed at the Department, or
was informed a year ago, when I applied there for
information in relation to this very matter, that
there is no office more sought after than that of
pension agent. There may be a few instances in
which the officers are not sufficiently paid; but in
general I believe they are as well compensated as
any class of officers under the Government.
Mr. SHIELDS. Let me state to the honorable
Senator that this does not increase the compensa-
tion of any of the agents. It leaves their compen-
sation as it now stands. It simply makes some
regulations in relation to the pensioners, for the
safety of theGovemment; and, in addition to that,
proposes to make an allowance for two or three
years, when there was no compensation paid to
the agents, and prevents any such compensation
being paid to banks.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask for the reading of the
amendment.
Mr. WELLER. It is too long.
Mr. BENJAMIN. "Very well, sir; I will read
it myself.
Mr. SHIELDS. If the honorable Senator from
Virginia thinks the amendment will embarrass the
bill, and that it needs more time to consider it, I
shall withdraw it, and offer it some other time.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope so.
Mr. SHIELDS. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. WELLER. A slight modification of an
amendment, which has been adopted on my mo-
tion, is necessary in order to explain what, per-
haps, would otherwise require explanation. It is
a mere verbal correction to add the words " in
addition to the existing appropriation," so that it
shall read:
Jind be it further enacted, That from and after the pas-
sage of this act, the salary of the central superintendent of
Indian affairs for the central supurintendency, shall be
$2,500 per annum; and for that purpose the sum of $500
is hereby appropriated, in addition to the existing appro-
priation.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that it is pro-
posed to add these words by general consent, as
the amendment has been acted on. I suppose
there will be no objection to it, as it is merely to
carry out the declared intention of the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. The existing law already
makes an appropriation of $2,000 for his salary,
and it becomes necessary, in consequence of this
increase, to make an appropriation of $500 more.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent to make an alteration now, as the amend-
ment has been adopted. The Chair hears no ob-
jection, and the modification will be made.
Mr. STUART. I ask the Senate now to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the amendment which
was laid over informally some time ago.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
the amendment laid over, providing for the separ-
ation of the duties of Governor and superintend-
ent of Indian affairs in Minnesota and Washing-
ton Territories, which has already been read.
Mr. STUART. I propose to offer, as a sub-
stitute for that amendment the following, which I
have shown to several Senators, and which I think
meets their views:
Jind be it further enaetedf That whenever the President
shall deem it proper to do so, he may separate the duties of
superintendent of Indian affairs from those of Governor in
any of the Territories of the United States, and attach Buch
supcnntendency to such other superintendent as he shall
direct; but the salary of the Governor in all such cases
shall be and remain thesame as now received for the united
duties.
Mr. BAYARD. It seems to me that there is
a very objectionable principle involved in that
amendment. I have no objection whatever to
giving to every Governor of a Territory, and to
every officer in the employ of the Government, a
full and ample salary. You give to the Governor
an adequate salary as Governor, and you give
him an additional salary for the duties of a dis-
tinct office—that of superintendent of Indian af-
fairs. It is strange legislation indeed, when you
withdraw the duties, to leave the emoluments un-
touched. I cannot vote for an amendment based
on such a principle.
Mr. STUART. The Senator will find, I think,
if he will examine this case, that the salary now
paid for the performance of both duties is not
more than a gentleman deserves for acting as
Governor alone. These other duties are simply
attached to the office of Governor, and were sup-
posed to be somewhat temporary in their character.
Mr. BAYARD. That does not answer the
objection to the principle. The precedent is an
exceedingly bad one in its effect. If it be the fact
that the Governors are not remunerated, I will
vote for as large a salary as is sufficient, as cheer-
fully as any member of the body. I am willing
to remunerate every officer for the services which
he performs. If Congress, in this case, choose to
recognize the offices as distinct, with a distinct sal-
ary to each office, I know of no principle on which
you can withdraw the full performance of the
duties of one of the offices, and suffer the salary
to remain as it was for both.
The amendment of Mr. Stuart was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger
in the chair.) The question recurs on the amend-
ment adopted as in Committee of the Whole.
The Chair will call the attention of the Senator
from Arkansas, who moved the amendment, to
the fact that there is a blank in it which should be
filled. It provides " That from and after the 
day of next, the Governors," &c.
Mr. GWIN. We shall vote it all down.
Mr. STUART. There is no use in taking time
to fill the blank, as the Senate, evidently, does not
intend to adopt the amendment.
Mr. CHASE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Mr. President, as the
modification proposed by the Senator from Mich-
igan, to which I was willing to agree, has failed,
and the only question now is between the rejection
or adoption of the amendment as it stands, I shall
vote in favor of it, as I am clearly of opinion-,
with the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] that
it ought to be adopted, as the committee have
reported it. I will state but one reason which has
induced the committee to agree to the separation.
I think it is sufficient, without stating any otheref.
It will be remembered that the Governor of a
Territory, in his character as Governor, is re-
sponsible to the State Department; and reports to,
and receives his instructions from, the Secretary
of State. In his character as superintendent of
Indian affairs, he reports to, and is responsible to
the Secretary of the Interior. Thus, in his two
characters, he is responsible to separate chiefs,
who, in many instances which I might repeat if I
thought it necessary, have not been governed by
unity of counsel. Why, sir, in a case which hap-
pened last year, the State Department ordered the
Executive of New Mexico, as Governor, to come
here for the purpose of attending to some busi-
ness in connection with the State Department.
When the Governor came, of course he brought
the superintendent of Indian affairs with him; and
while he was gone the Jicarillawarbrokeout.and
many of our troops and people were murdered.
Inconveniences will frequently happen in conse-
quence of such a state of things. While obeying
the orders of one chief, the duties of another De-
partment will be neglected. This isoften thecas ;
in our distant Territories. Why, Bir, Governor
Stevens, of Washington Territory, has been here
once or twice since his appointment to office, and
during his absence the Indian affairs of that Ter-
ritory were, necessarily, left in a precarious con-
dition, and without that control which was neces-
sary. Of course he could not come from such a
distant Territory without consuming time.
I think, then, sir, it is hardly worth while to
attempt on the one hand to balance the snull
increase of salary against the great inconvenience
which results from withdrawing one officer upon
the command of a chief to whom he is not respon-
sible. If the Secretary of the Interior, who has
charge of the Indian-affairs, orde.rs him, as
superintendent, to repair to Washington, to settle
business in that Department, he must come here
in that character, and leave the Executive duties
of the Territory in the hands of a subordinate
officer. This, sir, is not theory; but practical
inconveniences and mischiefs have arisen from
these accidents, and they will always occur. It
is one of the most striking illustrations of the
necessity of separating duties so incompatible as
these are, so entirely distinct and diff rent, and
committing them to the hands of different officials.
In doing so, we accommodate legislation in this
case to what has been the past policy of the Gov-
ernment.
For the reasons which I have stated, between
the adoption and unconditional rejection of the
amendment as it is offered, I greatly prefer that
the Senate should adopt it.
