748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,,
which has been partly discussed, which I think
should now be considered. 1 refer to the bill to !;
grant a credit of three years to railioad companies
for the payment of duties on iron imported for
railroad purposes. This day a week ago that bill
was taken up and partially discussed. It was
postponed at the instance of the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,] until the
following Monday, and it was then laid over in
consequence of the absence of the Pennsylvania
Senators. They are now here. I am very anxious
to have that bill disposed of, and I trust the Senate
will take it up. I would yield without an objec-
tion to the Senator from California, if I believed
that any practical good would be achieved by the
passage by the Senate of his bill; but considering,
as I do, that it will not betaken up.in the House,
and feeling very anxious, to have this other bill
disposed of, as we have progressed partially with
it, I do trust the motion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia will not prevail, but that we shall take up
the bill which I have indicated.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the regular order of busi-
ness will be adhered to. The Pacific railroad bill
has been on the Calendar for more than ten months,
and I trust there will be no objection to taking it
up and considering it. 1 am willing to give the
Senator a full opportunity to have his bill acted
on and passed. 1 am in favor of it, but 1 think it
due to the Senate and to the country, that the bill
which I have moved to take up should be first
disposed of.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am as much in
favor of the Pacific railroad bill as the honorable
Senator ftom California ran be, and I think I have
shown that by my votes at all times. I concur, how-
ever, with the honorable Senator from Alabama,
that it is improbable that, any practical results will
grow out of the passage of that bill by the Senate
now. The railroad iron bill has been under discus-
sion. If you put it on the score of priority, I main-
tain—and I think the Chair will concur with me—
that that bill has priority over the one which the
Senator from California has moved to take up. It
was made the special order at this session, before
his was, I .think. It wns taken up last week and
debated, and was the regular order of the day for
Monday last. The Senator frnm Maryland, who
then had the floor, was indisposed and could not
go on with the debate. That, together with the \
fact that the Senators from Pennsylvania were not
here, led to our passing the bill over on that day.
It has been postponed from day to day since then,
in order that the Indian appropriation bill might
be disposed of. That bill has now been passed,
and I insist that the bill alluded to by the Senator
from Alabama, shall bo taken up. It has been in
part discussed, and I think we can get thiough
with it to-day. If so, I shall consent that the
Senator from California may have his bill taken
up to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Badger.)
The Chair will inform the Senate that the "bill
for the construction of a railroad from the valley
of the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean," is thefir^t
of the special orders. On the special orders being
called for, it is before the Senate, unless the Sen-
ate—which is entiiely within their power—make
some oiher direction.
Mr. CLAY. I propose,then,acompromisewith
the Senator from California. If his bill shall not
create any discussion, if a vote can be taken on it
immediately, I shall not object to acting on it 
Mr. GW1N. I have no control of that matter.
I will not discuss it myself.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to propose a compromise,
as I have said. I understand that the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania, who did not address
the Senate the other day on the bill to which I
have alluded, [Mr. Cooper,! desires to be heard
on it. I understand that the Senator from Mary-
land, on whose motion the bill was postponed last
week, [Mr. Pearce,] also desires to address the
Senate on the subject. 1 myself wish to submit
a few remarks to the Senate in relation to it.
Under these circumstances, 1 do not think it pro-
bable that we could dispose of that bill to-day;
and if the Senator will j -in me and the friends of
the measure in taking up the bill to grant a credit
on railroad iron, and make it toe special order for
Saturday, at half-past twelve o'clock, so that we
may dispose of it on that day, I shall yield with-
out objection to the present coasUifiF&Uon of the
Pacific railroad bill.
Mr. DAWSON. I beg leave to say, that 1
hope no compromise will be entered into for indi-
vidual measures which will postpone ac'ion on
the bills for the benefit of the Distiict of Colum-
bia. My friend from California has made sev-
eral efforts to get up the Pacific railroad bill, and
he has had, on two occasions within the last few
weeks, an expression of opinion from this body
refusing to take it up. Now, in order to allow the
controversy between the Senators from Alabama
and California to be settled, I move that we pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business of the
District of Columbia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inform the Senate, that the bill for the con-
struction of a railroad from the valley of the Mis-
sissippi to the Pacific oeean being the first special
order, is, upon the call for thespecial orders being
made, before the Senate. It isnow under consid-
eration as in the Committee of the Whole, and
'will be proceeded with, unless the Senate direct
it to be laid aside.
Mr. CLAY. I will throw no obstacle in the
way of its consideration, if the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will join me in the attempt to take up the
railroad iron bill, and make it the special order
for Saturday. That bill has certainly been dealt
unfairly by.
Mr. PRATT. The bill to which the Senator
from Alabama refers, before it becomes a law, will
occuny all the remaining time of this session in
its discussion. It is a proposition to take an iso-
lated article for the purpose of changing the tariff
in regard to it, and leaving the tariff with regard
to every other article untouched; and that, sir, is
an article representing one of the leading, or, per-
haps, theleading industrial interest of the country.
Now, I apprehend that a measure of that magni-
tude cannot pass the Senate without being fully
discussed. My colleague basalready given notice
of his intention to discuss it; and we know that
not only a day, but several days, will be occupied
in debating it if it be pressed. 1 can see no neces-
sity for making it the special order for Saturday,
or any particular day, as it ia already a special
order. The honoraole Senator will not put the
bill in a better position by having it made a special
order, than by allowing it to remain as it is. It
will depend at last on a majority of the Senate
whether they will take it up at all or not. Let
him move to take it up now, in preference to the
other bill, and let the vote on that motion be con-
sidered as a test vote on the question whether a
majority of the Senate are in favor of taking off
the duty which is now imposed on railroad i,/in.
In this way we can readily obtain a test of the
disposition of the Senate. There is no use in con-
suming our time now in the discussion of the
measure, if it is to have no beneficial result. I
imagine there is a large majority of the body op-
posed to taking off this duty; I cannot but think
so; but I am very willing that the honorable Sen-
ator from Alabama shall move to take up the bill
and call for the yeas and nays on that motion, as
a test question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Pratt] assumes that which is
not to be found in the bill. He assumes that itis
to repeal the duty on railroad iron, and is an in-
terference with the tariff. I beg to inform that
Senator that there is 110 such proposition in the
bill. There is nothing that looks like it. It is
simply an extension of ciedit to railroad compa-
nies, just such as was accorded to the railroad
companies in the Senator's own State. It was no
conflict with the tariff then, and, I apprehend, is
not now.
The Senator from Maryland is, 1 think, mis-
taken in another point. He seems to suppose that
the bill cannot pass the Senate. I have so much
confidence m the justice of this body that I believe
the bill will pass by a decided majority, and I am
willing to risk it either with or without debate.
But, sir, I do object to one point which was made
by the Senator from Maryland. He seeks to force
this bill in antagonism to another large interest;
and he calls upon us now to bring it up and make
a test question between it and the Pacific railroad
bill. Sir, I think we are a little too smart to be
driven into any such predicament as that. We
do not wish to come in conflict with the friends of
the Pacific railroad bill. They are the friends of
this measure, and the friends of this measure are
the friends of the Pacific railroad. Wears with
them. I hope my friend from Alabama will
adhere to his agreement with them, and insisttm
havii g this bill taken up on Saturday.
Me. COOPER. Mr. President, as I understand
that I have receivc-d Sonne courtesy at the hands of
Senators on the other side on this subject,and
desiring to requite it, I shall throw no obsta< le irr
the way of taking up this bill. I am totally op-
posed to it, and shall expect to be hear*! upon is
when it comes before the Senate for consideration.
I only wish to slate now, that I entirely disagree
with the views which have just been expressed by
the Senator from Tennessee. He declares that it
is not intended as a modification of the tanflT, that
it does not interfere with the tariff, but that it is
simply an extension of the time within which the
duties on railroad iron are to be paid. I entirely
disagree with him. I believe it is opening up the
whole subject of the tariff; and if I shall be able to
show that it does serious injustice to a great in-
terest, I hope the Senate will not pass the bill. I
think I shall be able to show that justice is on the
other side from that supposed by the Senator from
Tennessee. But, sir, I shall not discuss the ques-
tion now. I shall wait until the bill is regulaily
before the Senate; and then, I think, I shall have
an opportunity to be heard at length.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
again state to the Senate, that the bill under con-
sideration is a bill for the construction of a railroad
from the valley of the Mississippi to the Pacific
ocean. There is no motion to postpone it, and it
is not in order to discuss the railroad iron bill. If
any gentleman makes a motion to postpone the
bill, of course it will be entertained.
Mr. G WIN. I trust the bill will be proceeded
with.
Mr. BELL. I rise to suggest whether the Sen-
ate will not agree, by general consent, that the
Senatorfrom Alabama shall now make his motion.
I will suggest, however, to him, to say Monday
instead of Saturday, so as to allow the friends of
the Pacific railroad bill a chance to dispose of that.
Mr. CLAY. I appeal to the Senate 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Alabama allow the Chaii* to suggest
that the bill to which he alludes is now a special
order, and that makine it a special order for Sat-
urday will make no difference at all; for it will put
it exactly where it is now, on the list of special
orders, liable to be called for at anytime.
Mr. CLAY. Then I will not press the motion;
but I give notice to the Senate that 1 shall call up
the bill on Saturday, and press the consideration
of it. As a further response to what was said by
the honorable Senator trom Maryland, I venture
to assert that. I shall then show that this interest,
which he calls a great interest, is a very insignifi-
cant iron interest; and that, so far from the pres-
ent duty being any protection, it is absolutely no
protection at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senate bill
(No. 273) for thr construction of a railroad from
the valley of the Mississippi to the Pacific occan,
is now before the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole, and open to amendment. The bill will be
read for the information of the Senate, if desired.
Mr. GWIN. It is not necessary to occupv the
time of the Senate by reading the original bill, as
I intend to move, as a substitute for it,Senate bill
No. 537, the bill introduced by the Senator frrm
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] as reported back from
the select committee with amendments. In order
to effect my purpose, I move the amended bill as
a substitute for this. And, as I suppose itis in
order now to perfect the substitute, I propose
various verbal amendments, which 1 trust will be
adopted by the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that the Senatorfrom California moves,
as an amendment to this bill, a substitute to strike
out the whole of the original bill after the enact-
ing clause, and insert the other bill which he haa
mentioned.
Mr. GWIN. Can I not now move to perfect
the substitute which I propose, by offering several
amendments ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion will be on perfecting the original bill; but if
no amendment be moved to that, the Chair will
receive the amendments of the Senator from Cali- "
fornia to the substitute.
Mr. GWIN proposed a number of verbal
amendments, which were agreed to.
