1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
749
Mr. CHASE called for the reading of the sub-
stitute, but at the request of Senators he with-
drew the call.
The original bill provides that, in order to se-
cure the construction of a substantial first-class
railroad through the Territories of the United
States, from some point on the western boundary
ot one of the Atlantic States west of the Missis-
sippi, to (he eastern boundary of California, there
shall be granted to any individual, or company,
or corporation, chartered for the purpose by any
state, who may contract with the United States
for the work, every alternate section of land des-
ignated by odd numbers within twenty miles of
each Side of the route; and it appropriates a sum
not exceeding $600 a mile for carrying the mail
daily on the road for u period not longer than
thirty years. The road is to be commenced
within three years from the date of the contract,
and finished within seven years; one seventh part
to be completed in each year. The party who
bids the lowest sum for the carrying of the mails
and complies with the other stipulations of the
bill is to receive the contract.
The substitute offered by Mr. Gwin, as
amended on his motion, is to strike out all of the
original bit! atter the enacting clause, and insert
the following:
That will) the view of aiding in the construction of suit-
able railroads and telegraphic communications between the
Mississippi vailey and the Pacific ocean, there shall be, and
is hereby, appropriated and set apart a quantity of pu..hc
iand equal to the alternate sections for the space of twelve
miles on each side of said roads from their eastern to Uleir
Western termini, as follows:
One road and telegraph, to commence on the western
bonier of the State of Texas, and to pursue the mosu hgtble
route to tiie navigable waters of the Pacific, m Uie State of
California; which line shall be known as the Southern
Pacific railroad;
One load and telegraph, to commence on the western
border ol the States of Missouri or Iowa, and to pursue the
most eligible route to tin Bay of San Francisco ; winch line
shall be known as the Central Pacific railroad ;
And one road and teleurapli, to commence on the western
border ot the Slate of Wisconsin, in the Territory ol Min-
nesota, and pursue the mn*t eligible route to the navigable
waters ot the Pacific in Oregon or Washington Territories;
which line shall be known as the Northern Pacific rail-
road; Mich lands to be selected from the sections which
shall be designated in the public surveys of said land (when
made) by odd mimbeis, and to be held and conveyed as
herein provided; and in ail eases when the United States
may have disposed of said lands*, or any pait thereof, or
shall from any cause be unable to convey a title thereto, the
deficiency may tie made up by the parly or p.irueo who
may become entitled tlnreio from any unoccupied and un-
appiopnated lauds belonging to the United State* within
the distance of thirty miles ot said road : Providcd,hou ever,
'i hat, lor such di liciency within the State ol California,
and also m In u oi all mineral lands in said State, (winch
are hereby excepted irom the appropriation heiem made,)
such selection nuy be made from any unoccupied and un-
appropnated land.-ol the United States within hlty miles
of &aid load in the said State.
SEC.y. Jlnd be it further enacted. That it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Interior, Secretary ot War,
Secretary ot the Navy, and the Postmaster General, upon
the passage of this act, to cause advertisements to be pub-
lished in two newspapers in each State, and in the District
of Columbia, for a reasonable time, not exceeding six
mouths, which advertisement shall invite sealed and sepa-
rate proposals tor the construction ot each or either of said
lines, of r->ad and telegraph in the manner herein provided ;
eaid advertisement shall include a copy of this act as con-
taining the terms upon which the United States are willing
to contract for the construction of either of said lines of
road and teb graph, and shall require separate sealed pro-
posals, Mating specifically whether it be tor the southern,
central, or northern line, and also,
First. The time in which the party or parties propose to
construct, complete, and finish the entire road and tele-
graph ready t>-r use, winch period must not exceed ten
years from the signing ot the contract; and also what ex-
tent and portion thereof they propose to complete and put
in operation during each and eveiy } ear.
Second. The time in which such party or parties will
surreiidej ami transfer, free of cost to the United States, for
the purpose of being sui rendered to several States as herein
provided, the said road with its appurtenances and furniture.
Third. The sum, not excet ding per mile per annum
for car.ying the United States mails t'aiiy both ways on
said road, undei the direction of the Post Office Depart-
ment, for die period of fifteen years from the completion of
the road ; and, while in course of construction, for tlx* por
tiou in Use and at what rate per mile, for a like period, and
on the portions tn use while being constructed, they will
carry on said road, und* r the direction of the proper de-
partment, all military and naval stoies, supplies, muni-
tions, ttoops, and freights of all kinds for Government pur
poses, which sum or rate inu-t not exceed that now paid in
the aggregate lor such service ; and from and after the ex-
piiauon ot said p  nod of fifteen years said transportation,
postal, lmutiry, naval, and lor every other Government
purpose, shall be in like manner perormed on said wad,
under tin- direction ot the proper D  partme t, at reasonable
prices, not exceeding those usually p«nd tor the time being
on other firsi-class roads, to be ascertained by Congress in
the event ot d.sagreemeat between the Government and the
owners of the road.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Interior, Secretary of War, Secretary of the Navy, and
the Postmaster General, under the direction of the Presi-
dent he, and they are hereby, authorized to contract with
the party or parties whose propo: ah, as aforesaid, may be
aectpted for the lull and co'npl'teeonsiruciionand keeping
up ol eiihei line ('reach of said lines of road and telegraph ;
the said contract to prov tie lor the road or roads as herein
described, and also for a t< legtaph line or lines on the most
approved plan ; and that the party or parties whose proposal
in any case may be accepted, shall deposit with the S< rro-
tary of the Treasury the sum ol $o0u,000, or the. value
thereof in bonds or certificates of stock oi the United States,
or State bonds, whose maiket va'ue shall beat or above
par at the time ol making the said deposit, which may be
subsequently drawn out Uy them in sums of $5,U0U, us the
woik proceeds, on the production ot vouchers showing
satisiaeiorily to said Secretary that an amount equal thereto
has been appned in good faith to the construction of said
road ; and all obligations, contract*., and securities, shall be
binding and obligatory in law on the contracting parties,
aecoi ding to tin exact terms of their respective obligations,
contracts, and undertaking- ; all questions of damages anil
forfeiture by reason ot any breach of said contiaets bung
determined by the express terms of such obligations, con-
tracts, and undertakings: Provided, That lu all coutracts
made in pursuance ot this act the provisions of the act
shall be taken and considered as parts of said contracts in
like manner as if the same were set forth in lull m said
contracts.
Slc. 4. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That in making said
contracts it shall he supulated that, lo> the sake of conve-
nience, the said roads .-hall be divided into sections ol one
hundred miles cach, and that none of said kinds shall be
conveyed to the contiactnis until one ol those sections
shall he c- mpleted and put in successful operation, when
the President shall convey by patent to ihe contractors
thiee louiihs ot the land peitainiug to the section so com-
pleted, retaining the other louith as security for the com-
pletion ol the next stcuon of one huiuhed miles; and
when the second section shall be completed, the Presi-
dent shall, in like manner, convey to the contractors three
touuhs ot the land pertaining to that section, together Willi
the lemainiiig fourth on the pr  vions section, and so with
each section, conveying thrie lourths and retaining one
louuh as security for Hie completion ol the next, until the
la-t section ol the road shall be fini-hed and put in opera-
tion, when the Piesident shall convtyto the coniiaclors
the residue ol file lands; and it shall also be stipulated in
said contracts that the mails shall at all times be carried on
said roads under the direetion ot the Post Office Depart-
ment, and that all othi r tiansportation for the use ot the
Umt« d Stat> s, as provided in tins act, shall be performed
under the direction of the proper dcpaitment, and that the
compensation thtiefor, at the prices specified in said con-
tracts, in pursuance of this act, shall be legularly paid
liom the Treasury uf the United States quarterly, or at
sm h times as shall be agreed upon: Provided, That no
money shall be advanced, nor shall any such compensa-
tion lie made until liie sc rvice, to the extent of the pay-
ment bo nude, shall have hcen first performed.
SiiC. 5. +lnd be \l fwither enact d, That should any con-
tracting party or parties substantially lad, neglect, or ret use
to pro&eeute the work undertaken by said paity or parties,
m a manner to secure the completion thereof in compliance
with their contract, and within the tune stipulated, or
should such party or paities wolate the terms ol the con
tiacw, then all rights ot said party or parties to said road,
right ol way, or property, shall be and become lorieited to
the Uiuud Slates, ai.d the United States may and shall
enter upon and possess ihe same. In the event of such
fortei.u.e, to be detei mined by the Secretary ot the Interior,
Secretary of War, Secretary of Navy, and Postmaster
General, with the approval of the President, said Secretary
ot the Interior, Secretary of War, Secretary of Navy, and
Postmasier General shall pioceed to relet the work remain-
ing under such forfeited contiact, and provide for the dis-
position of the woik, done m such manner as will secure
its eaihest completion, in confoimity with the provision of
this act: Pionded, That they shall not stipulate on the
pan of the Unned States for any higher or other terms than
are herein expressly authorized and provided.
Sec. 6. Mud be it juithcr enacted, That the party or
parties with whom the contiact or contracts aforesaid shall
be made, shall pioceed, us toon as practicable atter the ex-
ecution ol such contract or contiacts to locate the general
route of said road or roads, and fix the eastern and western
terminus of the same ; and as soon as such general route
orioutes shall be determined, which shall not be more
than two years from the date of said contract or contracts,
a statement thereof shall be furnished by said party or
parties to the Secretary ot War, and as soon as practicable
thereafter, the President shall cause the public lands on
each side ot said mute or routes, to the extent of at least
loity miles, to be -urveyed, and the Indian utle thereto ex-
tinguished it practicable ; and the provisions; ol the act of
September, 1«4I, gianting preemption lights, and the acts
amendatory thereof, shall be, and the same are hereby, ex-
tended to such lands, saving and excepting the lands herein
set apart and appiopnated loi the use of said road or roads,
as aforesaid* Provided, however, That the alternate sec-
tions and parts of sections of land which, by tins act,
shall remain to the United States, within the lines of ten
miles on cach tide of said load or roads, shall not be
entered or sold, by preemption or otherwise, for less than
double the minimum price of the public lands when sold :
Provided fwither, That so soon as a contract shall be made
as aloresaid for the construction of either or each ot said
roads, it shall be the duty of the President to cause the
public lands, ior not exceeding forty miles on each side of
so much ot such route as the contractors thereof shall indi-
cate, m pursuance of this act, to he withheld from settle-
ment, sale, or occupation, until the land* shall have been
survey d, and the alternate sections seieett d, as provided
in this at t.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the party or
parties receiving grants of alternate sections of land, under
the provisions ot this act, s&all be requited to sell, and un-
conditionally convey one half ofihe fame, within fivyciw
from and alter tb** issuing a patent (or the same, or any part
thereof; and all lands so grant* d to such party or parties, and
remaining the pioperty of suili party oi panu * , or which
may be In Jd tome u^eor tor the benefir of such party or
parlies at the expiration often years from the date of the
patents, shall he and become forfeited to the United States.
Sec- 8. Jlrui be UJurther enacted, That Die lands  .f the
United States, for two bundled feet wide, along the entire
line of<?-nd mad or roads, shall be. and iJ In reby. set apart,
and dedicated as a highway for railroad and.h'legntphiu
purposes; and the said party or panics may take any earth,
giouud, stone, timber, or oth« r necessity niatciinls, tor the
consiiuctiou of said roads or telegraph, from any adjoining
lands of the United States. All contiact-- made in pui?u-
anceoi this act, lor the construction and keeping lipoi a rail-
road or roads, and telegraphic line or lines, shall provide
for and require the railroad or railroads to be constructed
in a substantial, thorough, and workmanlike manner, with
all necessary drains, culverts, bridges, viaducts, crossings,
turnouts, sidings, stations, watering places, and all other
appurtenants, including the lurtutuie and rolling works of
the road oi roads, equal in all respects to a road of the first
class when pit pared lor business, with rails of ihe beat
quality, weighing not less than sixty four pounds to the
y aid, and a uniform gauge thioughout the entire length of
each road ; and shall also provide for and r< qu e a tele-
graphic line of the most substantial and approved descrip-
tion, along the line of each road: Provided, They shall not
chatge tfie Government higher rates lhau they do individ-
uals for like service.
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the party or par-
ties constructing or owning either of said roads, may at
any time construct one or more additional tracks along said
routes within the two hundred feet herein granted for the
right of way. And all connections with said road or roads
fehall be made under the dtrectionof the Legislatures of the
States and Territories respectively, in which the same shall
be constructed ; and no road shall be made tn putsuanceof
this act m the State of California, without the authority of
the Legislature of that State, and then only by virtue of the
authority of such State.
Slc. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That whenever the
said road or roads shall be surrendered to the United States
in pursuance of the provisions of this act and the contracts
authorized by it, thereupon so much of said road or roads
as may he wnliui any ol the States, shall, with their assent,
vest in and become the property of the State or States
within the limits of which the same may be located, subject
to the use ot the United States for postal, military, and all
oilier Government service, and also subject u, such regula-
tions as Congress may prescribe, restucting the charge for
transportation thereon. And all other States organized and
admitted into the Union thereafter shall acquire the same
rights, subject to like provisions and restrictions.
Sec. 11. Jlnd be it Jurther enacted,1 hat should the Sec-
retary of the Interior, Secretary of War, Seen tary of
Navy, and Postmaster Geneial, under the first advertise-
ment, fail to receive proposals in compliance with the pro-
visions of this act for making all or either of said roads, it
shall be the duty ot the said Seen tary to issue new «ulv*-rtipe-
mcnts in like manner lor new proposals, once in eat h year,
until each ot said railroads and telegraphic lines shall be
put under contract, m pursuance of uie provisions of this
act, unless Congress shall otherwise order and direct.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the substitute of the Senator
from California.
Mr. GEYER. The question, then, Mr. Presi-
dent, is between the bill reported at the last ses-
sion by the select committee and this substitute.
The original biii provides for one road; the substi-
tute for three roads. The substitute provides,
among other things, that propositions shall be
received for ail three of the roads, and in the
event of there being bids for all, all are to be con-
tracted for; and among the stipulations to be
made, is one for the transportation of the United
States mails between the Mississippi river and the
Pacific ocean upon the three different roads, under
a contract to pay $300 per mile on each road. I
do not intend, at this time, to enter at length into
an examination of this substitute, but merely to
call the attention of the Senate to what 1 consider
a most extravagant proposition. It is proposed
that we shall enter into contracts for the construc-
tion of nearly six thousand miles of railroad, and
to stipulate for the transportation of three mails
daily at $300 per mile between the Mississippi
and the Pacific ocean.
Now, sir, it will be readily perceived that,
while the substitute proposes to enter into con*
tracts for the construction of these roads within
the very limited period of ten years, it is impos-
sible that all the mills in the world can furnish the
iron that will be necessary for their construction.
But that is not all. I am as strongly in favor of
constructing a road to the Pacific as any member
of the Senate; but before we undertake to di> that,
we shall first have to make a pioneer road. We
must advance the settlements. We must make an
ordinary road. This substitute, however, con-
templates three railroads at once, it is impos-
sible that they can be constructed; and to pass a
bill for three roads is equivalent to passing no
bill at all.
I have said that I would not go at length into
