750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
the discussion. I will barely make a few sugges-
tions for the consideration of the Senate.
Whenever bidders are invited for each of these
roads, each set of bidders for each road must take
into consideration that the other roads may be
bid for, and that there will be a competition for
the three roads. Now, sir, suppose it possible—
which I can hardly believe—that persons would
be willing to undertake the construction of the
roads, I ask whether the man bidding for the
southern road is not to consider and to calculate
the chances that both the central road and the
northern road will also be constructed in compe-
tition with his ? This will lead to an advance of
the price of labor and of iron, besides the compe-
tition of the roads in the transportation of mer-
chandise across the continent. All these things
would deter parties from bidding; and, I repeat,
this consideration alone is sufficient to deter me
from voting for the three roads.
Then, Mr. President, while a majority of the
Senate, as I believe, (nearly unanimous I hope,)
are in favor of some one road, let us look at the
possibility of the construction of that road which
we wish to have authorized. Let us look at the
thing as it really is, and not indulge in vague spec-
ulations and conjectures about what may or may
not be done. I repeat, sir, that before you can
commence the work on that road, you must ad-
vance the settlements, you must establish posts,
you must afford the means of protection as it is
m process of construction, you must enable the
workmen to have some road in order to transport
their supplies; you cannot depend upon the con-
struction of the railroad, one hundred yards at a
time, for the purpose of transporting men, and
materials, and supplies. When we look at that,
and take into consideration the difficulty which
will exist in the comnifncement of the road, 1
think we ought to be deterred from undenaking
to build more than one. It would be as much, 1
think, as we could accomplish in tne time limited
by the bill.
I shall suggest an amendment to the original
bill, if the substitute does not prevail; and that is
to provide for the commencement of the road at
two points on the eastern frontier, one of them
«outh and the other north of the boundary line
between Arkansas and Missouri, and thus con-
nect it with the two systems on the different sides
of the Ohio river, enabling all portions of the At-
lantic States to connect with that road to whatever
point it may be directed on the Pacific.
I did not expect, Mr. President, that the bill
would be called up to-day. I am not prepared to
enter, at length, into a discussion of the various
questions that are presented by the substitute. In-
deed, 1 have not examined it with sufficient care
to understand it thoroughly. All I know is, that
its general provisions are sufficient to prevent me
from supporting it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment proposed as a
substitute for the original bill.
Mr. SEWARD Mr. President, before that
question is taken, I desire to state the views which
1 entertain in regard to this subject. I need not
say that I am lery desirous for the passage
of a bill which will authorize the immediate con-
struction and insure the earliest possible com-
pletion of some road from the Atlantic States to
San Francisco. I deem only one terminus ma-
terial to be fixed, and that is the western termi-
nus, which, I believe, ought to be at San Fran-
cisco. In regard to the eastern terminus, while I
have my opinions about what would be the most
expedient, and proper, and advantageous location
of that terminus, I am prepared to surrender my
convictions on that point for the purpose of ob-
taining harmony in Congress in regard to the pas-
sage of some bill which will accomplish the object.
So far as the State which I represent is concerned,
I feel entirely confident that" her geographical po-
sition and her commercial advantages will make
the city of New York the eastern terminus of any
and of all roads which may be made across the
plains to the Pacific ocean.
I am, therefore, prepared to vote for a road; but,
in doing so, I wish to vote for a bill which will
secure the construction of a road. This matter
has been much discussed in the select committee
of which I am a member. After long debates, 1
think it was concluded, by a majority of the com -
mittee, that it was better to submit to the two
Houses the bill in this shape, authorizing adver-
tisements and proposals, and the adoption of them
for the construction of three roads, all of which
should terminate, at their western extremity, at
San Francisco; but one of which should have its
eastern termination on the borders of Texas, the
second one on the borders of Missouri or Iowa,
and the third at a more northerly point.
I would very cheerfully go for this proposition
if it seemed to me a feasible one, physically and
fiscally; but 1 have been compelled to withhold
my consent from it, upon the ground that practi-
cally it was not feasible; and that, even if it were
feasible, the financial condition of the country is
not such as to warrant the undertaking of building
three such roads at once. The substitute of the select
committee does not give merely a choice between
three roads, but it provides for the making of con-
tracts for the construction of three roads, and the
acceptance of them ail, or the adoption of one,
and cony«ual advertisement unul the others shall
be adopted and contracted. I believe that such
is the condition of the country in regard to labor,
such are the physical obstructions to the construc-
tion of this road, that it is unwise to undertake to
construct three roads, or six thousand miles of
railroad instead of one road, or two thousand
miles of railroad. All the railroads that have
been constructed in the State to which I belong,
amount to about two thousand five hundred miles,
and they have been the work of some twenty
years. All the railroads constructed m the United
States now, I think, amonntto but fifteen thousand
miles, and this is an undertaking to construct six
thousand miles at once.
I quite agree with the remarks of the honorable
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Gever,] that it is
necessary, in order to the successful carrying out
of this enterprise, that there should be settlements
along the route or routes of the road or roads. 1
think the undertaking to colonize three routes is
unwise, and will probably result in the defeat cf
the colonization of the route of each and all of
them.
Again, sir, this is a period of unusual depres-
sion in the money market of the country, and that
pressure has fallen more heavily upon the railroad
system than upon any other part of our fiscal
affairs. It is the very extraordinary extension of
that system, indeed, which has, to a great extent
produced the present depression in the country.
The result of an attempt to complete three great
railroads to the Pacific under such circumstances,
when a large number of the railroads, carried on
under the authority of the States, are actually sus-
pended for want of funds, will be to throw dis-
credit upon all those enterprises in which the
States^ are engaged, and produce embarrassment
by a inversion of funds. It must fail unless the
Federal Government shall give such facilities to its
own system of railroads as will divert capital
from the State enterprises, and divert labor from
them. If it does this, it will be injurious in that
way; and if it does not furnish such extraordinary
facilities, neither of the roads will be built.
It seems to me that the question now before the
Senate, while it is in this form—whether we shall
authorize the construction of one road or three—
is, praciically, nothing more nor less than the
question of whether we shall authorize the con-
struction of anyroad; because I cannot bring my-
self to believe that the construction of three rail-
roads can be successfully attempted and carried
on. When this work shall have begun on so
large a scale, we then probably shall have occa-
sion to refer to the enterprise of the Cumberland
road. What I least desire to see is the Govern-
ment of this country assuming a great national
enterprise like this, and then abandoning it and
casting it aside, and leaving the States, after all, to
protect its ruins.
Now, sir, I have stated very briefly my objec-
tions to this substitute, and the reasons of my
preference forth? original bill. I have discharged
my duty upon this subject. If I shall be sus-
tained by the Senate, then we shall secure the pas-
sage of a bill authorizing the construction of a
single road. If 1 shall be overruled, I shall defer
to the judgment of the Senate, and shall go, with
whatever strength, and policy, and good heart I
have, in favor of the bill which may be adopted in
the form of a substitute. I could not say less in
justice to my own convictions, and I have no
desire to say more, because 1 do not wish to
occupy time, and thereby delay the consideration
of the bill and hazard so great an enterprise.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the substitute moved by the Sen-
ator from California.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 24, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Badger, Bell, Benjamin,
Brown, Clay, Dodge of Wisconsin, Douglas, Evans, Fnz-
patrick, Foot, Gwin, Houston, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones
ofTtnnessee, Rusk, Sebastian, Shields, Stuart, Thomp-
son of Kentucky, Toucey, and Weller—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Braineid, Brodbead, Chase,
Cooper, Dawson, Geyer, Pearee, Petut, Seward, Sumner,
Wade, Wells, and Wilson—14.
So the substitute was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. There is one provision in the
bill as it now stands in regard to which I should
like to have some information. The sixth section
provides that" the President shall cause the public
lands on each side of said route or routes, to the
extent of at least forty miles, to be surveyed, and
the Indian title thereto extinguished, if practica-
ble." Now, to survey a strip of land forty miles
wide, and two thousand miles long, I suppose will
cost a good deal of money; how much 1 do not
know; ana to extinguish the Indian title to a strip
of land forty miles wide and two thousand miles
long, 1 suppose, will also require a good deal of
money; and that is to be trebled, because it is to
be done on each of the three roads. If any Sen-
ator is prepared to say what it will cost the Treas-
ury lo make these surveys and extinguish the
Indian title as preliminary to the work, I should
like to hear it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It will doubtless cost the
Treasury precisely the same amount to make the
survey before the road is built as it will to make
it afterwards. All these lands ara public lands,
and must be surveyed at some time. If this bill
be passed, the cost will be nothing more than it,
will be if they should be surveyed afterwards
Instead of there being two thousand miles of t.
line to survey, as the Senator supposes, I can
inform him that the extent of each route not yet
surveyed will not average a thousand miles on the
three routes. The cost will be the usual cost of
surveying the public lands. They must all be
surveyed at some time, and hence the extra cost
by this bill is nothing.
Mr. MASON. Then I understand the Senator
from Illinois to mean that the burden upon the
Treasury will be no greater if this survey is made
solely for thepurpose of this road than if it is made
under the general provisions of the public land
law, which are, as I understand, to make surveys
only as the demands of population may require
them. We have a territory two thousand miles
in extent, as is the general estimate, through a
country desolate, without population, and the
character of which we know very little about. If
the surveys are to be made for the healthful pur-
pose of population, through a country of that kind,
1 suppose it would be reasonable to estimate that
those surveys would not be completed in one
hundred years; perhaps not in one hundred and
fifty. There would be no demand for them.
There will be no reason of any kind or description
for doing it, unless the demands of population re-
quire it with a view of settlement; and when the
surveys are made in that way they will be made
from time to time, as that demand may require.
Yet the Senator from Illinois, as I understand him,
says the burden upon the Treasury for making
these surveys immediately, for no other purpose
in the world butas preliminary to locate a railroad,
will be no greater, than if they are extended over
a period of one hundred years. That I under-
stand to be his position.
Mr. RUSK. The honorable Senator from
Virginia, is very much mistaken as to the length
of the line that will have to be surveyed. It is
true that the distance from the Mississippi river
to the Pacific Ocean is two thousand miles, but
several hundred miles of that distance are now sur-
veyed and settled. On each of the more north-
ern routes, the survey of the land would, in all
probability, not exceed one thousand miles, cer-
tainly not fifteen hundred. I imagine that on
the extreme southern route which is provided for
in this bill, not more than one thousand miles
will have to be surveyed; and it is now being
surveyed at this very day, because upon that
