THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D; C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 1G, 1855.
Naw, Semes .. ,'
Navy is hi-rc.by directed to give the notice provided in the
first section of the act entitledAn act to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1832," approved tl*e 21st day of
July, 1853, to terminate the arrangeaient for the additional
allowance for the transportation of the United States mail
be ween New York and Liverpool, in the Collins line of
steamers, as therein provided.
Mr. OLDS. I move to amend by striking out
what has just been read, and inserting the follow-
ing;
Strike out from the first to the eighteenth line and insert
the following:
For transportation of the mails, from New York to Liv-
erpool and back, $858,000; and that the proviso contained
in the first section of an act entitled " An act to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service of the
fiscal year ending the 3Uth of June, 1852," approved the
Slstday of July, 18<)2, b^, and the same is hereby, repealed :
Provided, That Edward It. Collins and Ins associates shall
■proceed,with all diligence, to build another steamship, in ac-
cordance with the terms of the contract, and have the same
ready for the miil service in two years from and after the
passage of this act. Audit said steamship is not ready within
the lime above mentioned, by reason of any neglect or want
of diligence on their part, then the said Edward K. Collins
and his associates shall carry the United States mails, be-
tween New York and Liverpool, from the expiration of
the said two years, every fortnight, free of any charge to
the Government, until the new steamship shall have eorn-
menced the said mail service.
I will suggest to the House that, in considera-
tion of the great press of business at this late period
ia the session, I shall not trouble the committee
with a speech at this time, though I am prepared
to do so, and fully to substantiate the justice of
the amendment I have offered.
A Member. Have you not prepared your
speech ?
Mr. OLDS. I have a manuscript speech before
me which I propose to publish, but as [ desire to
obtainthe right to answer such objections as may
be urged in opposition, I prefer to occupy my hour
at some subsequent stage in the debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 -object to any such pro-
ceeding. If the gentleman has any speech, let him
make it now. I object to his repeating it.
Mr. TWEED. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether there have not been proposi-
tions made to carry the mails in the same time
for a less sum than we are paying to the Collins
line?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir; for less than half
the sum.
Mr. OLDS. There have been other proposi-
tions made, but as the gentleman from Alabama
objects to the proposition I madfc, if I am com-
pelled to make my speech now, I prefer to occupy
the hour to which I am entitled in presenting a
full explanation of my amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman
from Ohio proposes to withhold his remarks
under the supposition that the members of the
committee already understand the subject, I beg
leave to say that, for one, I do not understand it.
{ expect to listen with great pleasure and instruc-
tion to the remarks of the gentleman. 1 beg that
he will lay out before this committee and the coun-
try the reasons for making this enormous appro-
priation, in the face of other propositions to do
the same service for less than half the amount.
Mr. TWEED. I desire to know from the gen-
tleman from Ohio, what these other propositions
are, by whom they are made, and where the mem-
bers of this committee can obtain copies of them ?
I have for some days been endeavoring to obtain
a copy, but I have been unable.
Mr. OLDS then addressed the committee for an
hour in favor of the bill. His remarks will be
published in the Appendix.
Mr. OLDS. Is my time out?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. OLDS. I should like very much to occupy
about ten minutes more.
Objection was made.
Mr. OLDS. Well, sir, my speech will be
printed in full.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, obtained the floor.
Mr. OLDS. Will the gentleman yield me the
floor for about five minutes?
Mr. SMITH. I am anxious that the gentle-
48
man should finish his speech, and I will give way
to him with great pleasure if I can then resume
the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
gentleman's yielding the floor for any purpose
except explanation.
Mr. OLDS. I do not desire the floor for ex-
planation. I am very much obliged to thegentle-
man from Virginia, however, for his courtesy.
Mr. SMITH. Certainly. I am in favor of
allowing the gentleman from Ohio the largest lib-
erty in his remarks, for 1 think he ought to have
the fullest opportunity of defining his position. I
am here to-day, sir, with no expectation of par*
ticipating in this debate, and I enter upon the
remarks I have to make with but little, if any,
preparation.
I have listened, sir, with inexpressible surprise
to the extraordinary speech of the gentleman who
has just taken his seat, coming from the quarter it
did. He is the very last man, the very last mem-
ber of the House from whom I coulu have ex-
pected this most remarkable speech. It has filled
me with amazement.
At the outset of his remarks I requested him to
explain why it was that he urged this appropria-
tion for the Collins line when he had in his pos-
session undoubted information that the service
could be performed just as well for the Govern-
ment for one half the amount. And yet, although
I have listened to the whole of his speech with the
greatest attention, he has taken his seat without
having said one word in explanation of this most
extraordinary position.
Mr. OLDS. If the gentleman will allow me, I
will make the explanation now.
Air. SMITH. I will; for I am very solicitous
to hear the explanation.
Mr. OLDS. When this matter was up in 1852,
there was an application before the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads for what was called
the Galway line, proposing to carry the mail for
$10,000. I took occasion at that time to examine,
with some degree of care, into that application,
and 1 became satisfied that it was the intention of
this man to get Mr. Collins to buy him off at that
time. Now, sir, a clause was put into this appro-
priation bill during the last Congress requiring
the Postmaster General to advertise for proposals
for carrying the mail in ocean steamers, not only
including the Collins line, but including our entire
ocean mail steamship service, and he put forth
that advertisement in the newspapers of New
York, and the other newspapers of the country;
and under that advertisement not a single bid was
made for this service—not one.
Mr. SMITH. When was that?
Mr. OLDS. At the end of the last Congress.
Not a single bid was made to perform this ser-
vice.
A Member. That was in 1852.
Mr: OLDS. No, sir, it was at the end of the
last Congress. Well, sir, you hear nothing more
about it until you see in the public press that an
effort is to be made to withhold this extra compen-
sation from Mr. Collins, and then it is that men
come forward again with propositions to perform
this service at a less rate of compensation than that
paid to Mr. Collins.
Now, the agent of one of these men—Mr. Van-
derhilt—came to me, as chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and wanted
to enlist me in his behalf, but after a conversation
with him, I ascertained, to ray satisfaction, thathis
whole object was to compel Mr. Collins to buy
a steamship that Mr. Vanderbilt is building, and
that if Mr. Coiling would take that steamship Mr.
Vanderbilt would be out of the way.
If 1 had been permitted to finish my speech, I
would have demonstrated the fact that Mr. Col-
lins could perform this service for $15,000—Mr.
Vanderbilt's proposition—if we did not require
him to perform it in war vessels, but in vessels like
the North S?ar, in which the celebrated Commo-
dore Vanderbilt performed his European tour.
But when you require him to keep afloat these
palaces of the ocean, capable of being converted
into \var steamers, 1 could have demonstrated to
you that he cannot do it at this price. You ar«
compelled to pay this large price because you,re-
quire him to keep up such vessels, not for the mail
scrvice, but in order that they may,.at a moments
notice, be converted into war vessels.that can
sweep our coast from the Bay of" Fundy to the
Gulf of Mexico. * '
Mr. SMITH. I am still by no n^eans, satis-
fied, and now let the committee hear me upon tto
subject. I will read to this committee from the
gentleman's own evidence. Jus& hear eienow.
That is all I ask; and mark me, gentlemen oi" the
committee, I am notdealing with this question with
reference to the opinion of an individual mem-
ber, but with reference to the opinion of the chair-
man of one of the most important committees of
the House. Speaking upon this subject in 1852,
and in relation to the proposed Galway IMe, to
which he has just referred, Mr. Ojlds said upon
this floor:
" 1 move to amend by striking out all after the word
' provided,' and inserting'that the Postmaster General, with
the assent of E. K. Collins & Co., advertise in the usual
manner, and at the u^ual time, forthc transportation ofcihe
mail between New York and Liverpool in semi monthly
trips, and that he award the contract to the lowest respon-
sible bidder, said bidder to be an American citizen.'
f desire, sir, that when gentlemen vote for tins amend-
ment for ihe Coitms line, that they do not vote for it sup-
posing if to be necessary /or the mail service of the United
States.
" I am opposed to this special contract system—this
making a contract for transporting the mails for a period of
ten years at a certain sum. Why, sir, what has been the
effect of that system ? You made a contract for transport-
ing the mail from New York to San Francisco for the period
of ten vears.
" Mr. McCorkijE. To Oregon.
"Mr. Olds. Yes, to Oregon. And now, sir, although
only two years of that time has expired, we have before
the Committee on the Post Office 3nd Post Roads, offers
lor transporting that mail at a saving of half a million of
dollars annually to this Government. That, sir, shows the
folly of making a contract of this kind. And now, sir,
while they are asking for this appropriation for the mat I
service, as they say, we have responsible bidders before
that committee—and a bill to carry it^nto effect was re-
ported by my colleague on the committee [Mr. Grey } the
other day—for transporting the mail from Jersey City to
Galway, Ireland, at the fum of $10,000 the round trip. - Xf
there are offers to carry tins mail for $Lf>,000 the round trip,
why is it ncrctsary for the mail service of the country to
giuc E. K. Collins ty Co $33,000 for the same service ? If
gentlemen wish to give this as a bonus to E. It. ColHns &
Co. for beating the British, let them say so, and not do it
under the pretense that it is necessary ior the mail service
of the country—^/or it is noL
"I say you have responsible bids for carrying" this* mai
for£I0,OOO the round tnp, and they do not even ask that."
Mr. OLDS. Well, Mr. Chairman  "-
Mr. SMITH. I pray the gentleman not to
interrupt me.
Mr. OLDS. I do not want to interrupt you.
Mr. SMITH. I appeal to the record, and the.
gentleman cannot controvert it.
Mr. OLDS. I say the same thing now, and I
have said it hereto-day.
Mr. SOLLERS. The gentleman from Ohio is
out of order.
Mr. OLDS. Then I will take my seat.
Mr. SMITH. Thegentleman then said thathe
had responsible bidders at §10,000 for the very ser-
vice then being performed by E. It. Collins & Co.
for §33,000; and he asked why you should pay
$33,000 to E. It. Collins & Co., when you can
get the service done for much less ? I ask that
gentleman now, and this committee, and the coun-
try,'why this thing should be?
Mr. OLDS. If the gentleman will allow me, I
will answer him. He asks the question.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman has done 1t
already. Cut whether he has said sufficient to
justify the new light which appears to have broken
upon him will be a question for the judgment of
this committee and of the country.
Well, sir, that is not all. This question came
up subsequently, and I send to the Clerk's desk,
to be read, an extract from what the gentleman
said upon that occasion, to wit, in 1852.
The Clerk read the extract, a3'follows:
" I am a friend to E. K. Collins, and am disposed to do
him justice. It is true that if one of my constituents, or
yours, Mr. Chairman, had made a bad contract ibr the
transportation of the mail, the Government would hold ttiro
