758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
gerous to fire a gun when elevated, more particularly when
trained from a fore-aod aft line. Thirdly, these vessels,
having been designed entirely for steam propulsion and
passenger accommodation, all other purposes have been
made fcubsorvieut to those ends. Hence we find that they
are greatly under masted; that they have a height between
decks unnecessary for men of war; that thfy appropriate
more than the s>pace usually allowed for engine room and
the stowage of coal in her Majesty's ships; and the con-
sumption of fuel on board these vessels, &ay Parana cla<s,
amounting to about eighty tons of coal per diem, would
becomc a grave question with the Government, when esti
mated at per gun, considering how few guns it is proposed
to place on board these vessels m relation to their tonnage,
in comparison with regular men of war.
"We find, too, that no attention has been paid to the
importance that should be attached to the exposure of the
engines, boileis, and steam chest, to shot, which, though
in some degree unavoidable in all paddle wheel fcteaniers,
appears to exist in the«e vessels to a most dangerous ex-
tent. Further, the paddle-wheels are usually of enormous
size and w< lght, rendering them very vulnerable, and pre-
senting a great impediment when under sail That none
of them carry paddle-box boats, and that If these were fitted
in so elevated a position, it would cause the vessel to roll
deeply and labor in heavy weather, and that the height and
space for saloon and cabin accommodation is quite dispro-
portionate to thg requirements of a man of war."
Mr. LYON. What is the date of that report?
Mr. LETCHER. It is from the London Ga-
zette of the 22d of February of last year.
Mr. STA-NTOJN, of Tennessee. Will the gen-
tleman from Virginia allow me to say a single
word. If he will look at that report further, he
will find that one of the principle objections to
these steamers is in the construction of their bows
and sterns, especially in their bows. The con-
struction of an English steamer is such as to ren-
der it almost impossible to use the bow or stern
guns, on account of the peculiar construction of
the bow—a construction which is altogether dif-
ferent from that of the American steamers of Mr.
Collins. Any one who has seen the American
steamers, knows that the bow is perpendicular
from the water, so that a gun may be run out
from any portion of the bow and used either in
the bow or stern. The objection made to the
English steamers, by the English Admiralty, does
not, in any respect, apply to the American steam-
ers. They are built upon an altogether different
principle; and I believe, from my own knowledge
upon the subject, and from information derived
from one of the most gallant and experienced offi-
cers of the Navy—no other man than Commodore
Perry, who was, I believe, one of the officers
authorized to examine the construction of these
vessels—that if these vessels were proposed to be
used in case of war, they would constitute the best
vessels for that purpose upon the globe. Commo-
dore Perry told me with his own lips, that if he
had his choice of any vessels built, he would
select one of the Collins line of steamers in prefer-
ence to any ship that floats.
Mr. LETCIIER. It is a very remarkable fact
that, when this question of granting aid to the
Collins line of steamers first came up, one of the
reasons offered in its support was, that they would
relieve this Government, to some extent, of the
expense of building up a navy, that it would be
the means of furnishing us with naval vessels, and
that they would be ready in an emergency for the
purpose of prosecuting a war, or for defense in a
war brought upon us by others. Why was it,
then, that six steam frigates were ordered to be
built at the last session of Congress, if these
steamers were capable of fulfilling the purposes
which the gentleman from Tennessee says they
are capable of fulfilling?
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to answer him ? It never was expected that
these steamers, or any other mail steamers, would
be employed by the Government, except m time
of war. The contingency provided for in the bill
-authorizing the establishment of the Collins line
has not happened, and there has been no occasion
for the Government to call for the services of
these steamers.
Mr. LETCHER. My friend from Tennessee
dodges a point as well as anybody 1 have seen m
this House. When the contracts were made in
regard to carrying the mails—and the gentleman
will not controvert this statement—one of the
grounds upon which this contractwaejustified was
that we should have a navy built in the best man-
ner which, by the terms of the contract between
the parties, could be converted into vessels for
defense or assault, in case the country, at any
time, should need their services. If we were
building up a navy by these contracts for ocean
mail steamers, where was the necessity for the
Government undertaking to go on and incur a
larger expenditure, even in each year, than had
been made prior to the time these contracts were
entered into?
_Mr. ST ANTON. Everybody who knows any-
thing of the history of the Government—and cer-
tainly the gentleman from Virginia should have
knowledge of this fact—knows well that it is not
the policy of this Government to maintain, in
peace, a naval force that would be sufficient to
defend the country in time of war. These mail
steamers, built in time of peace, for war purposes,
were designed to be, according to the original
idea, an auxiliary force, performing civil service
in time of peace, but capable of being rendered
efficient in time of war. They were designed to
meet a similar policy on the part of the British
Government. At the time this system was com-
menced in this country, it is well known that the
British Government had a large fleet of these
steamers continually passing by our shores, some
of them entering our ports, and some of them
passing by the coast, and entering the West Indies.
There were some fifteen or twenty of these vessels
of large tonnage, of great capacity and power in
case of war. That was commenced under Mr.
Polk's administration. It was felt by that Ad-
ministration as of very great importance that that
policy of Great Britain should be counteracted. I
say it commenced under Mr. Polk's administra-
tion, and met with its approval.
Mr. LETCHER. I am aware it was com-
menced under a Democratic Administration, but,
like a great many things which pass this Demo-
cratic House, does not look very Democratic when
done.
The gentleman says the policy of this Govern-
ment is to keep up a large navy, and he takes it
for gi anted that I understand that fact. I think
the policy of this Government is to keep up a
large navy, if we are to go on with this matter as
it has been started. Just look at it. Last year we
provided for the building of six naval steamers,
and this year it is proposed to build seven steam
sloops of war, and what will be recommended next
year, or the year after, no man can tell.
Mr. STANTON.0I would say to the gentleman
from Virginia, in reference to the bill for the con-
struction of seven sloops of war, that a large por-
tion of this House voted for it upon the idea that
these vessels were to be substituted for old and
obsolete ones, now existing in the Navy, but no
longer fit for use. If the gentleman will refer to
the speech of his colleague, [Mr. Bocock,] the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs, he
flill see that that was the idea in reference to these
proposed seven sloops of war.
I think these sloops of war ought to be built,
and that an equal number of vessels now in the
Navy, of a different character, ought to be put out
of service. I do not think the Navy should be
increased, but that it should be renovated by addi-
tional and proper vessels, which shall be able to
protect our increasing commerce in foreign parts.
That is the idea for which they are proposed to
be constructed.
Mr. LETCHER. I know the gentleman is as
strong an advocate for the Navy as any gentleman
upon this floor. He was in favor of the const) uc-
tion of the six war steamers at the last session,
and he is in favor of the construction of ths seven
war sloops this year; and 1 take it, from all I have
been able to ascertain of the opinions of the gen-
tleman, and of the Naval Committee, that, if that
commi'tee had reported in favor of the. construc-
tion of fifteen or twenty sloops of war instead of
seven, the gentleman would have been in favor of
all of them.
Mr. STANTON. I beg leave to say to the
gentleman from Virginia that he has no right to
assume any such thing. He has no right to as-
sume any such thing from any thing I have said
or done. If he will look at my report, when
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs, he
will see that I have been consistent throughout.
Mr. LETCHER. I remark most cheerfully
that my friend has been consistent; so far as I
remember, I do not recollect an instance where he
has found one single appropriation of money
wrong which has been asked for at the hands of
this Government. I do not recollect a single in-
stance, though there may have been such.
Mr. STANTON. It is true I have very often
differed from my friend from Virginia, and I am
perfectly willing that the country should judge
between the gentleman and myself.
Mr. LETCHER, t have certainly nothing to
fear from my record upon the subject; but I can
tell the gentleman this much: if I were to go home
to my constituents—the plain, practical people I
live among—with such a record" as the gentleman
from Tennessee has made up, I might well expect
forever to bid farewell to public life.
Mr. STANTON. I have been home to my
constituents several times since my first election
to a seat in this body—four several times—and to
an intelligent constituency, too, upon the record
which I have made in this House, and which has
always been the same, and I have never found
any difficulty with my constituents. It is true I
have been met by demagogues of all shades and
character, and I have had objection from all quar-
ters, but the intelligence and liberality of my
people have prevailed against them all, and I have
no douht it will do so to the end.
Mr. LETCHER. I have no doubt the gentle-
man has a very good constituency, and, perhaps,
if there was a navy-yard in my district, to which
a vessel of the first class could not obtain access,
but for which I had been able t<5 obtain a very gen-
erous appropriation, my constituents, too, might
look upon my action with a great deal of liberal-
ity. [Laughter.] I take it that when the gentle-
man has kept up a navy-yard which the people
of the city of Memphis would not accept of as a
gift, his constituents would look liberally upon his
record.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to inform the gentle-
man that the people of Memphis, very prudently,
1 think, have accepted the gracious gift which this
Congress imprudently gave them. They have
pocketed thereby $1,000,000; but,at the same time,
they have, as patriots, tendered it back to the
Government, upon the condition that the Govern-
ment would establish what was established there ten
years ago, in order to bring the great resources of
the Mississippi valley in aid of the Government of
the United States for the defense of the country in
case of emergency.
1 should be very glad, if this were a suitable
time, to discuss with the gentleman from Virginia
that question; arid I think I should be able to show
that, in case of emergency, the Government must
rely upon the resources of that valley, and upon
no other source; and that it is necessary to have a •
naval depot in that valley; and that all parts of
that valley—Illinois, Missouri, and all the hemp-
grqwing and timber-growing region—are interested
in it, because they furnish the productions and
materials from which the navy must be built.
Mr. LETCHER. It may have been a very
imprudent vote of this House by which the navy-
yard of Memphis was given away. I did not
vote for it. But it strikes me that a gentleman from
Tennessee, in the other end of the Capitol, pro-
posed the amendment to that effect; and, if I am
not very much deceived, the gentleman from Ten-
nessee himself voted for it. He says the people
of Memphis, with very great liberality, propose
to return it to us. With great liberality! A mil-
lion of dollars! I take it their liberality grows
out of the fact that they think they can do much
better by getting the Government to keep it up
than they would by taking it themselves, and be
obliged to keep it up by prosecuting ship-building
upon their own hook.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of or-
der. Under the resolution of the House, passed
last Monday, it is not in order to discuss the merits
of any proposition not immediately before the
committee, except during such evening sessions a#
a majority may decide to hold for general debate.
Now, if the Memphis navy-yard, and all these
matters are to be discussed, 1 insist upon gentle-
men suspending their remarks until this evening.
I insist their present discussion is not in order.
Mr. LETCEJER. 1 suppose my friend from
Ohio prefers night to day because his deeds are evil.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentlemanmust con-
fine his remarks to the question before the com-
mittee.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman does not
seem to talk as though he wanted light on this
subject now.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
say a word of a personal character. I did not hear
the remark as it fell from my friend from Virginia.
