1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
759
Mr. CAMPBELL. I insist on my point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. Then gentlemen must
confine their remarks to the question under con-
sideration.
Mr, STANTON. I would ask the Chair
whether I can make a single remark in reply to
the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope that the gentleman
will be allowed to make his reply.
Mr, STANTON. It is a personal explanation,
and will not occupy more than a minute or two.
The CHAIRMAN. It is with the committee
to say whether or not the gentleman shall be al-
lowed to proceed.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope unanimous consent
will be given the gentleman to proceed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a point of order.
The question is raised that we cannot depart in
debate, from the subject immediately under con-
sideration until the evening session.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The gentle-
man from Virginia said that I voted for the prop-
osition ceding the Memphis navy-yard to the city
of Memphis. I did so. 1 asked for it. I desired
it most ardently, and I will do so again. But I did
not do so until after this House and the Senate had
resolved to strike down the establishment. When-
ever they shall resolve again to strike it down, to
throw away a million of dollars, I shall be as I
was then, at the close of the last session, in favor
of giving it to the city.
As I stated yesterday, or the day before, the
Gosport navy-yard, in the gentleman's own State,
is held precisely with that condition, and no prop-
erty in any State ought to be held by the General
Government on any other condition, that when it
abandons the purpose for which the property was
ceded, it should revert to the State, or the parties
who gave it to the Government. Under similar
circumstances I would act precisely as I did then;
but I resisted to the very last hour the proposition
to strike down the Memphis navy-yard, and wipe
out the appropriations which had been asked for
by the Executive Department. That is' my posi-
tion.
Mr. LETCHER. I will now go to the subject-
matter in hand. If the State of Virginia had
ceded to her the Gosport navy-yard, she would
not come back here and give it up.
The CHAIRMAN. As the question of order
has been insisted on, the Chair must warn gentle-
men to confine their remarks to the question under
consideration.
Mr. BALL. I understood that the gentleman
from Virginia had introduced a proposition to
abolish this contract. What I should like to know
is this: If the Government annul this contract,
is it not under obligation to take the ships alread y
built ?
Mr. LETCHER. I have not particularly ex-
amined that question; but my friend from Ken-
tucky, who has examined it as a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, says that when
this extra appropriation was made to Collins, the
Government was released from the liability of
taking the vessels.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. With the leave of
my friend from Virginia, 1 will try and state what
is the proposition before the committee. A con-
tract was made with Mr. Collins and his asso-
ciates to transport the malls for a period of years
at so much per annum. In 1855, Mr. Coliins
came to Congress and said that it was not enough.
He made an additional arrangement, as stated by
the gentleman from New York, with the Postmas-
ter General in the early part of that year to in-
crease the trips from twenty to twenty-six, and
to be paid §19,000 and odd per trip, the same as
he was paid for the twenty trips. He came to
Congress and asked to be given §33,000 per round
trip.instead of $19,000. Congiess gave him the
$33,000 the round trip by an act passed in July,
1852; and provided that that increase or extrapay,
which was a simple bounty and not in the terms
of the original agreement, might be terminated by
act of Congress on six months' notice, any time
after December, 1854. At the last session we
passed, withoutadivision, the notice to terminate.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
. Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have been hunting
for the yeas and nays but cannot find them.
A Member. It was lost in committee by two
votes.
_ Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Well, the proposi-
tion now before the Committee is to give that no-
tice which we have reserved to ourselves the right
o give by the act of 1852. It has nothing what-
ever to do with the original contract, and if we
give the notice, we simply terminate the bounty
which we chose to give m 1852. The result will
be that the contract continues, and they must go
on for the period of the contract and perform the
service at the original price. If notice be given,
it simply terminates the bounty. We stop it and
what is the effect? They go on with their contract
and perform the service at the price specified in
the original contract.
Mr. LETCHER. If you take the vessels for
war, or for any other purpose, according to the
theory of my friends from Tennessee and Ohio,
they would be cheap bargains. They say that
they are now admirable for war purposes. They
are built with reference to that object; and the
whole of the terms of the contract, say gentle-
men, between the contractors and the Government
have been fulfilled in furnishing a vesssel of first
rate character of this kind. Now, I take it from
our own expenditures in connection with the con-
struction of war steamers that, if we can get these
five vessels at j}3,000,000, and if they are of the
quality which these gentlemen say they are, the
Government had better have all its vessels built by
contract, and take them over at the first oppor-
tunity.
But there is one thing which I do not under-
stand. If this business can be done for the terms
proposed, if there have been fair propositions for
doing it for a much less sum than that given to
Mr.'Collins I cannot see what can be the objec-
tion in giving this notice to terminate the extra
pay; in other words, to returning to the terms of
the original contract. I can see no ^ood reason
for it, and least of all, can I see any good reason,
not only for striking out that provision of the law
which authorizes the notice to be given, and for
giving Collins a vested right in this $858,000, the
year for a long series of years to come. Ought we
not to try and get this thing on the beHt terms that
we possibly can for the Government? Is there
not a strong reason why we should do it? Is not
the fact known here, that the postages arising from
these steam fines are not sufficient to cover the ex-
pense which they impose upon the Government ?
If it is not, the deficiency must be applied from
the Post Office Department, and every man who
represents an interior district here, knows the
fact, that his people are suffering in many places
for want of mail facilities, and seriously suffering;
and yet, owing to the embarrassments which these
large appropriations for steam lines cause the Post
Office Department, you cannot get the ordinaey
internal mail facilities which the people themselves
need. The question arises whether we should
take care of our own people at home by construct-
ing mail lines, and thereby granting mail facilities
to them, or whether we should undertake to neg-
lect them—make large contracts, go abroad, out-
side of the United States for the purpose of carrying
on these mail operations at a heavy and ruinous
expense.
I am therefore not only for giving this notice,
but if 1 can do it, I want to place the matter in a
condition where the votes of members can be
placed upon the record, that it can be seen where
every man stands, so that the people of his dis-
trict, if they approve his course, can manifest their
approbation; and if they disapprove of it they
can show their displeasure.
Mr. KERR obtained the floor.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Will my friend from
North Carolina allow me five minutes to make an
explanation ?
Mr. KERR. I will yield to the gentleman.
Mr. TAYLOR. Notwithstanding the fact that
the committee has now been in session for four
hours, and notwithstanding my own anxiety that
we should come to a vote upon this bill, I desire
to correct what seems to have been the impression
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckin-
ridge,] in his recent interruption of the speech of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] in
relation to the act and proviso attached to the act
of 1852, granting extra compensation to the Col-
lins of steamers. Now, sir, I. was a member of
this House in 1852, and advociited the allowance
of this additional compensation for various rea-
sons, some of a high national character, which I
will not trouble the committee with stating now.
I rose principally for the purpose of having the
provision in reference to this additional compensa-
tion read, that gentlemen may judge for themselves
whether it was a bounty, as my honorable friend
from Kentucky states,or whether it was additional
compensation for increased services. I will read the
provision in that act, and I think gentlemen will
see that it was for increased services.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will explain, if the
gentleman will allow me.
Mr. TAYLOR. First allow the provision to
be read. Here it is:
<l For additional compensation for increasing the trans-
portation of the United States mail between New York and
Liverpool, in the Collins line of steamers, to twenty-six
trips per annum, at such times aa shall be directed by the
Postmaster General, and in conformity to his last annual
report to Congress, and his letter of the 15th of November
la^t to the Secretary ot'the Navy, commencing said in-
creased service oil the 1st of January, at the rate of
$33,000 per trip, in hen of the present allowance, the sum
of $230,000: Provided, That it shall be in the power of
Congress, at any time after the 31st day of December, 1854,
to terminate the arrangement for the additional allowance
herein provided for, upon giving six months' notice."
Now, sir, I merely wish to say that our con-
tract, as I then understood it, and as I now under-
stand it, originally required Messrs. Collins & Co.
to make twenty trips per year. Arid when Con-
gress gave additional compensation, they also re-
quired that six additional trips each way, making
twelve trips, should he made per annum, upon
the showing of Mr, Collins and his associates—
for I understand that Mr. Collins was but a small
owner, some thirty or forty others having con-
tributed some #3,000,000 to build these ships—
that their stock was«worth only about fifty cents
on the dollar; that the number of the Cunard ships
having been increased to seven, making weekly
trips, and that while the United States ships were
mnking only twenty trips a year, it was impos-
sible, under our postal arrangement with Great
Britain, to compete with the British line of steam-
ers. With a view, therefore, of securing our
proper amount of revenue from the mail service
between the United States and Great Britain, and
with a view of encouraging this great national
enterprise, an additional amount of service was
required, increasing the number of trips from
twenty to twenty-six, and an additional amount
of compensation was granted for the purpose of
keeping up this great national line of steamers.
Under the contract, if the matter was abandoned,
the Government was bound to take these ships
at their valuation, and they preferred to increase
the number of trips and the rate of compensation
rather than to abandon it. Let it be remembered
that the four Collins steamers were nearly equal in
amount of tonnaee to the seven Cunarders.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from
Ohio allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. TAYLOR. Unquestionably, with the con-
sent of the gentleman from North Carolina,
through whose courtesy I have been allowed to
make this explanation.
Mr. KERR. I would yield to the gentleman
with great pleasure if I had the time to spare.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 merely wish to ask the
gentleman from Ohio how it is, if Collins & Co.
are losing money upon each trip, that he is so
anxious to hold on to his contract?
Mr. TAYLOR. Such is not the fact. I do not
understand that Collins & Co. are losing money
at this time. They lost money prior to 1852,
as was shown in this House, and it was for the
reason that he was losing money in this great
national enterprise that Congress agreed, instead of
paying him §19,000 or $20,000 per trip, for twenty
trips a year, to increase the number of trips^ to
twenty-six each way—making fifty-two trips
across the A tlantic, and pay him an increased com-
pensation.
Mr. LETCHER. Did I not understand that
this company had never made a dividend?
Mr. TAYLOR. They have never declared
dividends, I suppose,.because the profits in the
last two years have not been sufficient to make
up for the deficiencies of the former years, during
the existence of their contract. It extends to 1860.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I ask my friend from
North Carolina to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. KERR. I will if the gentleman desires to
exi'lr!"brecIdNR1DGE. In answer to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Tatlor,] in the earlier
