THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Confirmed. He was tried again the same month,
by another court, upon other charges, found guilty
of " inflicting punishment illegally " and "scan-
dalous conduct tending to the destruction of good
morals," and sentenced "to be suspended for
eighteen months." This sentence having been
sent back for revision, the court altered it to dis-
missal from the Navy, with a recommendation to
Executive clemency. The punishrr^nt was miti-
gated to suspension from duty, without pay, for
five years, from September 29, 1845, and the resi-
due of the punishment was remitted, January 7,
1847. In January, 1851, Commodore Voorhees
% returned from his command of the East India
squadron, in his flag-ship, the Plymouth, without
orders or permission from the Department. He
was called upon for an explanation, which he
rendered; but the Department informed him, by
direction of the President, that it was not satisfac-
tory, and that his leaving his station, " under the
circumstances, was a clear breach of duty." No
further proceedings, however, were had.
I repeat to the Senate that I make this statement
most reluctantly. I have been compelled, by a
sense of duty, to do it. i hope no gentleman here
will attribute to me any personal ill-will to Cap-
tain Voorhees—whom i scarcely know. If there
be any suspicion of that kind, I bes: leave to
repudiate it most unqualifiedly. I have now
performed what 1 considered a duty, and a very
disagreeable one.
Mr. MALLORY. The facts upon which the
bill is based, are contained very briefly in some
few paragraphs of the report of the committee
which I will read:
The Secretary of the Navy, on the 15th of February, 1849,
gave the petitioner, ilien commanding at Hoston, the Uni-
ted States frigate Savannah, bound to the Pacific, the fol-
lowing oider;
Navy Department,-Feftruan/ l-r>, 1849.
Sir t Be pleased to afford a passage, in the United States
frigate Savannah, under your command, to Charles E.imes,
Esq., United State-? Commissioner to the Sandwich Islands.
I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. V. MASON.
N. B.—Mr. Eam^s may be detained here for his instruc-
tions, so as not to he able to reach Boston hefoie Mo clay.
You will please await his arrival, and give him n pie-cage.
J. Y.MASON.
Captain P. F. Voorhees,
Commanding United States frigate Savannah, Boston.
In compliance with thisordcr Mr. Enmc wa« conveyed
from Boston to San Francisco, and messed throughout the
voyage—and while the ship remained at San Francisco, a
period of six months—in the cabin, at the expense of the
petitioner.
On the 21«tof August, 1849, the Secretary of the. Navy
gave to the petitioner, then ti.ig captain of the United Slates
ship Plymouth, the following order:
Navy Department, 01,1840.
Sir : This letter will be handed to vmi by Mr Joseph
Bateftier, who lias been appointed by the Present special
agent and envoy of the United Smtrs. for the, purpose of
proceeding to Cochin China, and to other parts ot south-
eastern Ana, m the execution of impoitant public duties,
which the instructions of the Department of State to turn
willexplain.
You are hereby authorized and directed to receive Mr.
Balestier on board your flagship and convey hun, in con-
formity to hiriins.fu*cuon<, to itie different ports and places
indicated therein ; and you will afford all the facilities of
your command to accomplish the objects of h s mt-sion.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your ojedf-nt servant,
WM. BALLARD PRESTON.
To the Commanding Officer of the United States
Squadron, East Indies.
Under this order Mr. Balestier joined the Plymouth at
Macao, China, on the k21 st Februuy, 1850, to«-ther with
the interpreter of the mission, Mr. Dean; and b >th were
provided for, at the expense of the pptmoner, until the 3d
of April following, when they landed in Siatn.
Mr. BaJestier rejoined the ship on the next day, and con-
tinufd the guest of me petitioner until the 9th of July fol-
lowing.
The petitioner conveyed these gentlemen, in the execu-
tion of iheir riuiies, to -everal points in the China seas,
where they>«nd the ship were visited by public function-
aries and representatives of tlie sovereign authorities—all
of whom were more or less entertained at the expense of
the petitioner. He presents no schedule ofihe details of the
aforesaid expenses, but alleges that ^iev amounted to ar leact
; a: d he priests the statements ol Messrs. Entries
and Balesuer, and the affidavit of his clerk, Mr. Wert,
proving the inai'ers iiereinhelore dt tailed.
lus evident that the expenses were entailed upon the
penttoncr by the orders of the Department; which orders
were promply carried out, and resulted beneficially to the
country, and that he is entitled to repayment. The sum
of $1,500 does not seem to be unreasonable, and the commit-
tee report a bill to this extent t jr his relief.
These are the facts upon which the claim is
founded; and the question for the Senate to decide
is, has the Navy Department the power to entail
on an officer of the Navy, receiving only the
limited pay fixed for such an officer on special
duty, the entertainment ad libitum of public func-
tionaries, commissioners, or ministers, without
compensation ? I think there can be no doubt upon
that head; but if there be any doubt, it must be
removed by some twenty precedents directly in
point, which are quoted in the report of the com-
mittee, but which I will not now read. In nu-
merous instances precisely the same allowances
have been made. That is an answer, so far as it
goes, to some of the objections which have been
made.
But, sir, the character of Captain Voorhees has
been drawn in question. Now, it seems to me
that the character of any naval officer who pre-
sents a claim here, is not a proper subject of inves-
tigation before this body. If it be, he ought to
receive, as in a court of law, due notice that his
reputation is to be attacked, so that he may come
here prepared, through his friends, to rebut the
ex parte statements which may be made. Wjthout
attempting to call in question or deny what has
been stated as to the finding of the court-martial
in Captain Voorhees's case, I have simply to say
that it is inapplicable to this claim. If his claim
be good, that does not affect it; but, on the con-
trary, Captain Voorhees having been purged of
his offense by punishment, stands rectus in curia
here, and is as much entitled to the consideration
of this body as if no offense had ever been com-
mitted. I uo not think it necessary to argue that
point.
Mr. TOUCKY. I hope the day will not be
spentin dehatirg this bill. It is simply aquestion
whether, according to the practice of Congress,
we shall pay a debt of justice to an officer in the
naval service, without regard to his personal
merits as an officer or as a man With those merits
we have nothing to do upon a question of this
kind. If the Navy Department lias done wrong
in making these orders, there should be another
correction applied. Jt is to my mind perfectly
clear, upon the report of the committee, without
reference to this collateial question, that the claim
is well founded and ou^ht to be paid.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I differ entirely
from the honorable Senator from Connecticut.
The official delinquencies of Captain Voorhees do
not affect my judgment at all on this question, nor
am I affected by thsrvicious precedents which are
quoted as authorities for this bill. Now, sir, to
reduce this question to the trueiasue which is pre-
sented to us, it stands simply thus: Here is Cap-
tain Voorhees, an officer of the United States
Navy, commanding a Government vessel, manned
by sailors paid by the Government, provisioned
at the expense ofthe Government, taking on board
an officer of the Government, a commissioner in
the one case and an envoy m the other; and in
another instance entertaining certain foreign dig-
nitaries; and the question presented to us is, shall
we pay him for feasting those gentlemen ? I think
the point to be decided is neither more nor less
than this. Now, I am not prepated to sanction
any such principle, i do not believe that it is the
duty of this Government to pay for the entertain-
ments given by our sea captains 1 suppose that
the provisions of the ship were probably used in
entertaining these gentlemen with the exception of
the wines and liquors, and I expect if the facts
could be ascertained, it would be seen the expense
of those articles is the portion of the feast for
which we are now called upon to pay.
Mr.TOUCEY. Will my friendfrom Alabama
allow me to state one point where we differ en-
tirely ?
Mr. CLAY. Certainly. -
Mr. TOUCEY. I suppose these supplies were
furnished from the private property of Captain
Voorhees—from his rations, allowed him by law;
and therefore the case stands upon the same foot-
ing precisely as if it had been in a private vessel
furnished by him.
Mr SLIDELL. With the permission of my
friend from Alabama, I will make a statement of
fact. The Navy Department, we will suppose,
instructs the commander of a ship to receive on
board of his vessel, for transportation from one
point to another, a certain public character, or
private citizen. The captain of thatship, in receiv-
ing this passenger on board, knows that he is
bound, not only by law, but by the usages of the
service, to pay his own expenses.
Now, I agree fully with the Senator from Con-
necticut, that if this claim b« one of strict right,
if it be a legal claim upon the Government, the
objection which I made to the antecedents of Cap-
tain Voorhees and his personal character ought
to have no possible influence or bearing; but I say
the case before us is an application for a gratuity.
Upon that point, I beg to refer to the statement of
Mr. Eames, one of the gentlemen for whose enter-
tainment compensation is now claimed. There is
among the papers in this case a letter from him,
in which he says that he-offered, before he went
on board the ship-, to pay to Captain Voorhees his
proportion of the stores, and the captain declined
to receive it, preferring to throw himself on the
bounty of Congress. The committee report the
sum of $1,500 as a reasonable compensation for
the expenditure made by Captain Voorhees, sup-
posing the Government to be liable; but what did
Captain Voorhees first ask? He asked §2,800.
lie wished to makea job out of this business. He
did not choose that these passengers should pay
their mess bill on board his ship; but he preferred
to make out a hotel bill for the whole period he
had them on board.- Having made this statement
of facts, allow me to read an extract from the let-
ter of Mr. Eames:
" Before the ship sailed, I inquired of the captain what
arrangement I should make with him in respect t > the ex-
pense of my entertainment on board the ship, and tendered
to him payment in advance of my share of th« expense of
the table, in such proportion as he should think proper."
Mr. Eames was behaving like a gentleman in
this matter. He was doing not only what was
usual, but what was proper, and just, and legal.
Ele continues:
" Ho declined to receive any payment from mc, saying
that he regaided himself as under instructions from the
Government to receive me as guest, and adding that on
several rn«es where lie had afforded passage 10 diplomatic
representatives of the Government, proper allowance had
buen made by the Government for the necessary expense
of their entertainment by him during the voyage."
This is a fact which did not strike me before—
it is only in reading this letter that I observe it—
he refers to various precedents in which a similar
allowance was made to other officers, and he said
to Mr. Eames, in substance,though,of course, this
is not his exact language, Ut I will not take your
money; I prefer that you should not pay me; fori
shall receive from Congress a much more liberal
compensation. I have done this in many instances,
I am bound to receive you, and i will do it, and I
shall be liberally compensated for it." Captain
Voorhees refers to uo precedent of that sort in his
petition, but he says, deliberately, in this letter,
that, on many occasions, he had received such
allowance from the Government. In connection
with this matter, I will now repeat that the
offense for which Captain Voorhees was broken,
was willful and deliberate falsehood, and disobe-
dience of orders.
Mr. CASS. The practice which it is said has
grown up, of allowing theexpensesof a diplomatic
agent on boaid a public vessel, is altogether a new
one. The United States pay to every one of their
diplomatic agents an outfit, which is intended to
take him to the place of hts destination, and to
furnish him with the necessary furniture, or what-
ever is required to live there. For this reason,
every diplomatic representativeoftheUnited States
who goes abroad, is expected to goat his own
expense. Formerly, before steam-packets were in
existence, and particularly in the case of ministers
to the larger and more important courts, it was
the custom of the Government to order them to
be sent out in a frigate, but they always bore their
own expenses. The idea of coming to Congress
for those expenses, is of very late origin. No
man, for thirty years, I suppose, ever thought of
it. The outfit was given for the express purpose
of paying the expenses of taking the minister to
his point of destination; and the arrangement as
to payment of the expenses was always made be-
tween him and the captain. There were no orders
requiring the captain to liud him with provisions,
and the captain was only to furnish him with his
room, and whatever might be necessary for his
accommodation on board of the vessel, but not to
provide him with board, though, of course, he was
to treat him well and properly.
I do not say that there may not be instances—
for [ believe, in fact, there are some—connected
with the necessary communications between some
of our ships of war and foreign Powers, which
require uncommon expenses; but, certainly, in
the ordinary matter of transportation of & diplo-
