1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hitherto to pay such bills* Upon what number
of precedents do they predicate this assertion?
But five.
Mr PRATT. It has been allowed in every
case where it has been asked.
Mr. CLAY. Well, air, to the credit of the
Navy be it said, there are but five cases in which
any captain in the service has preferred such a
claim. For myself, I do not sympathize with
those gentlemen who applaud this conduct. For
myself, I would feel ashamed, I would feel that I
had violated my own self-respect, if I were to
come to this Government and ask it to pay for the
entertainment of my guests, more especially when
this Government provides them with means of
entertaining themselves.
Now, sir, having made these remarks, I move
the bill lie on the table, and I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion, as I wish to know how many
Senators there are disposed to encourage this
vicious precedent of paying for the pleasures of
our naval officers.
Mr. PRATT. Let the amendment be read.
Mr. WELLER. I ask that the amendmentbe
read.
Mr. CLAY. I withdraw the motion, so as to
allow the amendment to be read.
Mr. BAYARD. I trust the Senator will with-
draw it unconditionally, as I wish to make a few
remarks upon the subject.
Mr. CLAY. Very well, sir, I withdraw the
motion for the present, but I hope the Senator
will renew it.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment of the
Senator from California is to add :
Provided, That no extra allowance shall hereafter be
made to any officer in command ot a national vet-sf-1 for
trans-porting a civil officer of the Government under the
orders ot the Secretary of the Navy.
- Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I have had no
knowledge of the facts of this case, or of the exist-
ence of such a bill before Congress, except what I
have derived in the course of the debate here; but it
seems to me that this is a case in which the party
is entitled to relief according to your own prac-
tice and precedents. From the precedents which
have been read, it appears, what is no uncommon
thing in our or any other Government, that a vi-
cious practice, to some extent, has grown up, so
that, when captains of our naval vessels have re-
ceived orders from the Navy Department to take
ministers on board their vessels for the purpose of
transportation to a particular place, the captains
.havepaid all theexpenseattendant upon that,and
have applied to Congress, and have been remu-
nerated for the expenses thus incurred; and so
they ought to be, if-they paid them. There are
other cases, such as those stated by the honorable
Senator from Louisiana, and the honorable Sena-
torfrom Michigan, in which gentlemen of fortune,
who are foreign ministers, do not choose to put
themselves in that position, and very properly take
their own stores. Under such circumstances no
claim could arise.
The ground on which my vote will rest in this
case, I will state. I admit that the usage, inde-
pendent of congressional sanction, would amount
to nothing; yet, upon the precedents cited, it is
evident that such a vicious usage has grown up,
and four or five cases are shown in which, under
the orders of the Department, the minister has been
received, notasaguest, for he has been taken under
orders. Whether it arises from a want of deli-
cacy on the part of the party, or from considera-
tions peculiar to the particular case, the expenses
have, as a general rule, been reimbursed to the offi-
cer. Then, when Congress has chosen, under cir-
cumstances of that kind, to recognize the payment
to the officer, I think that subsequently any officer
in the Navy, when, under orders from the Depart-
ment, he receives a minister of the United States,
or of a foreign country, or any other agent of the
Government, for the purpose of being taken to a
particular place, is entitled to remuneration, unless
you choose by positive legislation to prohibit the
practice. The usage is wrong, in my judgment,
and ought never to have been sanctioned; but Con-
gress has chosen to ratify it, and it seems to me to
be hard justice to this individual not only to refuse
to him payment, when the expenditure has ac-
tually been incurred, but to infer, as the honor-
able Senator from Louisiana does, from his refusal
to accept money from the person whom he trans-
ported, that he did it with a view to prey on the
public Treasury. That is hadly a fair inference,
and I think it must be a prejudice against the
character of the individual which induced the hon-
orableSenator to draw that inference.
It might well be that when the practice existed
—whether it was a practice which had its excep-
tion or not, or whether it existed m some cases
and not in others—if officers of standing had con-
veyed such diplomatic agents, and had received
payment from the Government for doing so, (and
that cannot be doubted when you look at the pre-
cedents cited in this report,) this officer might very
justly and naturally refuse to receive compensa-
tion. There might be some cases in which the
minister chose to carry with him his own stores,
but I think you will find no instance in which any
officer in the naval service has received from a for-
eign minister, transported on board his vessel, the
money for his board and rations during the time
he entertained him on board that vessel. I presume
such a case cannot be found. These are delicate
relations; it is difficult to deal with them; but I do
not believe there is an instance where an officer of
the Navy, when receiving a minister of our or
any other Government, or a gentleman occupying
any official relation, on board his vessel, under
orders, has taken from that individual a money
compensation for his support during the time he
was on board the vessel. I admit that perhaps
most of our ministers have provided their own
stores; and m such cases nocharge has been made:
but where they have not provided their own
stores, and expenses have been incurred by the
commander of the vessel, Congresshas shown its
willingness to reimburse that expense ty its action
in preceding cases.
It might be very proper to break up this system,
which I believe to be a vicious one, by an amend-
ment prohibiting; in future anything of this kind;
but I consider that it would be very hard justice
on this gentleman to refuse to him the compensa-
tion in this case, when it has been allowed in all
other similar cases.
As to the allegations connected with his alleged
dismissal from the service, and the charges winch
have been made in regard to his character, I should
be sorry to think that the Senate of the United
States would decide on the propriety of a claim
of an individual, when it is founded in a matter
of justice or right, on the ground that, in other
transactions, they may think his character cannot
stand the listht of an examination.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not mean, sir, to protract
this debate; it has been extended quite far enough
already. Hence, while I concur entirely with
those gentlemen who think that there is no pro-
priety in applying to this particular individual
case a new general rule, and that therefore the
same allowance ought to be made to Captain Voor-
hees which has been made to other officers who
have applied for if. under similar circumstances and
obtained it, I will not go further into the subject
than to say that there is one argument which has
been urged or intimated here, which I think entire-
ly fails, because of a mistake in fact. Somebody
has intimated that the allowance, so far as the
carrying of Mr. E&mes to Sari Francisco, and from
thence to the Sandwich Islands, is concerned,
should not be made because there was an outfit
eiven to him by which he was fully able to pay
Captain Voorhees. Now, the fact is, that we
give no outfit to the Commissioner to the Sand-
wich Islands. I menrion this fact merely to disa-
buse the mind of the Senator from South Carolina,
who presented that- view. I hope the question
may now be permitted to be taken.
Mr. CLAYTON. I should not trespass on the
time of the Senate, after all that has been said in
relation to this little private claim, if I did riot
think that the subject was not fully and fairly
understood by the Senate.
We have several classes of diplomatic agents.
We have ministers plenipotentiary and charges
d'affaires, with fixed and established salaries and I
outfits. Then we have another class of special
agents sent abroad sometimes to negotiate treaties
with foreign countries. Between those classes
there is a wide distinction A minister receives
^9,000 a year as sa'ary, and he receives an outfit.
What is that oufu for? It is to pay his expenses
m going upon hi* mission. So with regard to a !
; charge. He receives his outfit, and that is to pay j
; his expenses, and he is expected to defray the
! expenses out of the outfit. But, sir, with regard 1
to such a case as this of Balestier, referred to in
this bill, he was neither a minister plenipotentiary
nor a chargg d'affaires. He was,nothing but a
special agent, sent out to negotiate treaties with
Siam and other countries in Asia, and the Navy
Department instructed a captain of the Navy to
take him on board his ship and carry him to the
place where the treaties were to be made.
In the instructions of Mr. Balestier, which I
myself drafted when I was in the State Depart-
ment, he was told that his expenses would be
allowed at that Department upon his producing
vouchers for those expenditures. How is- it pos-
sible that the State Department can act properly
in such cases as this, if you assume to take juris-
diction over the whole subject and settle part of
the accounts here? Mr. Balestier's accounts either
have been or will besent to theState Departmentand
audited there. His instructions were to produce
vouchers for every expense which he incurred.
Every gentleman will see at once, that, if a part
of the expenses can be presented here for settle-
ment by the Senate, the whole matter is taken out
of the hands of the State Department, which is the
only proper tribunal for settling the question.
Mr. BADGER. Allow me to suggest to my
friend that this bill does not propose to take any
portion of the matter from the State Department.
He has to return an account*of his expenses,but
as he did not pay anything to Captain Voorhees,
that can form no item. The captain carried him
at his own expense.
Mr. CLAYTON. I beg the gentleman's par-
don; he is entirely mistaken. The objection is
that by this means the Department has no oppor-
tunity of auditing the account for these expenses
though that is the proper place to do it. They
have established rules there by which they settle
such questions. You have no rule. The gentle-
man says this matter has nothing to do with his
expenses. Why, sir, it is one of the main items
of his expenses.
M r. B A DGER. He has not paid anything for it.
Mr. CLAYTON. Veuy well, if he has not
paid anything he ought not be allowed it at the
Department. But if he ought to have paid any-
thing, and shall pay it, whenever he aoes so he
can present the account to the State Department,
and what ought to be allowed, will be allowed.
We can never interfere m this way without impro-
priety
Mr. BADGER. This is to pay Captain Voor-
hees's expenses.
Mr. CLAYTON. I know this bill is for the
■i-hef of Voorhees; but what of that? Voorhees
has his claim here for the whole expenses, eetab-
rehing a sort of table c/'/iofe, or hotel, in his ship,
and presenting his bill before us. He presents
Balesteir'a bill of expenses before us, whereas it
should be properly settled by the State Depart-
ment, and not by Congress.
Now, sir, I do not know what ars the cases to
which the Senator from Maryland referred, but I
venture to conjecture that if he can produce cases
of this description, where such expenses have
been allowc-d by Congress, they are not cases of
this kind, where a special agent has been sent
abroad, with instructions to present vouchers for
every part of his expenses to be audited at the
Department. If there are any such cases which
have been allowed, they are the cases of regularly
salaned ministers, with outfits, and for same ex-
traordinary reason or other, it has been urged,and
pressed, that something mote than theouufit should
be allowed. Substantially, this is an allowance to
Balestier. Undoubtedly it must be an allowance
to him, though it is m the name of Voorhees. I
am against the bill altogether, but before I con-
clude, I wish to mention one fact 
Mr. BADGER. Allow me to ask the Senator
one question: Suppose Voorhees were to present
the bi 11 at the State Department, would they audit
and allow it?
Mr. CLAYTON. Not in his name; but if
Balestier were to present it it would be audited.
Mr. BADGER. Suppose Balestier were to
present the account, and ask that the money should
be paid to him, and when questioned, he should
answer that he himself had not paid the money,
would they allow it to him?
Mr. CLAYTON. They would not allow it,
unless he had bound himself to pay it, or had paid
it; but then you cannot draw the question in thai
way from the State Department.
