THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16*
Mr. SHIELDS. Before the honorable Sena-
tor sits down, I hope he will permit me to make a
suggestion, founded on information which I have
received from the late Commissioner to the Sand-
wich Islands. As was stated by the honorable
Senator from Maryland, he was not allowed an
outfit, but he was transported by a Government
vessel. 1 f I understand aright, there were no in-
structions to him of any kind, as to his expenses.
I know he had some difficulty in procuring the
means to get to the Sandwich Islands. He was
put on board the Government vessel, and carried
there. I take it for granted the captain, or mas-
ter, furnished him as this captain has done; and
I suppose that it stands upon the same principle.
Now, I would ask whether, in the case of the
Commissioner to the Sandwich Islands, who has
a salary of $6,000,'without any provision for carry-
ing him there, it would not be just to the captain
of the vessel to make the allowance?
Mr. CLAYTON. It would be just in that case
for the minister to pay his bills to the captain and
present his claim to Congress. If no outfit is
allowed him, and, under the equitable circum-
stances of the case, he thinks himself entitled to be
paid his expenses in lieu of outfit, it would be his
duty, after paying his expenses, to present his
claim to Congress for consideration, as has been
done in other cases, and during this session in the
case of the Minister to Constantinople.
I was going to mention another fact. It will be
found, I think, by looking at the correspondence
of Mr. Balestier, that he made complaints against
Captain Voorhees—that he complained, substan-
tially, that his mission was broken up by the
treatment he received from Captain Voorhees, and
that he was compelled to leave Siam before he
could get through with the negotiations I leave
that out of the case, however; I do not pretend to
throw it in as an item of the account, for, on the
grounds which 1 have stated, the allowance ought
not to be made.
Mr. CLAY. I renew the motion that the bill
lie upon the table.
Mr. SLIOELL. I merely wish to say, before
tjiat question is taken, that as the Senator lrom
Maryland 
The PRESIDENT. Debate is not in order
pending a moiion that the bill lie upon the table.
Mr. SLIDELL. I merely wish the Secretary
to read a paper.
Mr. CLAY. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SLIDELL. As the Senator from Mary-
land intimated that I had perhaps overstated some
of the circumstances attending the antecedents of
Captain Voorhees, I will ask the Secretary to read
a paper.
Mr. CLAY. 1 cannot withdraw the motion for
that, as 1 do not think it affects the merits of the
quesuon.
Mr. PRATT called for the yeas and nays on
the motion, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adam.*, Aden, Benjamin, Brainerd,
Brodnead, Brown, iiutler, Chase, Clay, Cluytuu, t 'oupcr,
Dawr-on, Cvana, f'llzpinrick, Geyer, Gill'Uif, Hamlin,
Hunter, Junes of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Sebastian,
Slidel!, Stuart, Sum er, Thompson 01 Kentucky, Wade,
Walker, Wens, and Wilson-—29.
N AVS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Bell, Fessenden, Foot,
Gwitt. Matlory, Morton, Pearce, lJratt, Seward, Shields,
Thomson of ftew Jersey, Toucey, and Weller—15.
So the bill was ordered to lie upon the table.
ABIGAIL STAFFORD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution " explanatory of an act entitled
' An act for the relief of Abigail Stafford.' "
The PRESIDENT. The Senate formerly re-
fused to engross the resolution for a third reading.
Tftat vote was reconsidered, and the question now
is on its engrossment.
The resolution would directthe Secretary of the
Treasury in the payment, under the act for the re-
lief of Abigail Stafford, to allow interest at the rate
of three per cent., from the 4th of July, 1798, to
the date of the passage of the act.
Mr. BROWN. I propose to amend the reso-
lution by striking out the part allowing interest,
and inserting:
Settle the same in conformity to the resolution passed
by Congress the 3d day of June, 1784.
Mr. WELLER. I should like to hear what that
act is.
Mr. EVANS ealled for the reading of the report-,
and the report whioh was made on the original
bill was read. Mrs. Stafford is tlie daughter of
Henry Smith, of Massachusetts, a revolutionary
soldier. He was in several battles, and among
others in the battle of Lexington, where he was
wounded. Mrs. Stafford's grandfather had fiye
sons and five sons-in-law in that battle, in whjch
two of them were killed. The females of the
family, during the Revolution, aided the American
army by making clothes for them. She is the
sole survivor of the family. Her claim was for
compensation for her father's services, and for
supplies furnished to the army. He died from
wounds received while in the service of the coun-
try, and her patrimony being invested in Conti-
nental money became almost worthless, and she
is almost entirely dependent upon her relatives for
support.
Mr. BAYARD. The relief contemplated by
the position which that reportsustains was granted,
I believe, by an act of Congress. The object is
now to add to the sum which Congress granted,
interest at the rate of three per cent, per annum,
independently of the amendment offered by the
Senator from Mississippi. What that amendment
would effect, I do not know. I do not know the
terms of the resolution referred to—whether it is
one which would allow a different rate of interest
or not. But the bill was passed granting relief,
on the facts which were presented, without allow-
ing interest. The present proposition is to allow
interest. It is for the Senate to say whether they
will adopt that as a precedent or not. if it is
adopted, there will be plenty of cases presented
for the same allowance. All that I shall do is to
ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BROWN. I do not care to debate the
question. The Senate understand it as well as I
do. In 1852 an act was passed allowing the claim-
ant $2,000. I have it before me. The interest,
as has been well stated by the Senator from Dela-
ware, was not allowed. The claimant believes
that she is entitled to interest under the resolution
of 1784, which I have in my hand, and the part of
which relating to this matter, I beg leave to read:
" That an interest of six per cent, per annum shall be
allowed to all creditors of the United Slates for supplies
lurmshed or services done, from the date the payment
became due."
The claimant insists that this allowance was for
services rendered, and for supplies furnished the
revolutionary army; and that under this resolu-
tion of 1784, she was entitled to her six per cent,
upon thesum. Thequestion which you are called
upon to decide is, whether .that assumption is
correct.
The way in which I came to know anything
about this case was simply this: When it was up
before, after listening to the speeches of Senators,
1 voted against it. 1 was appealed to by the claim-
ant, and by some Senators who had voted to sus-
tain her claim, to move a reconsideration of the
vote by which the Senate refused to order the bill
to a third reading, which I did. The subject then
passed out of my mind until the present session,
when 1 was reminded that the resolution still stood
,on my mption to reconsider. I called it up one
morning. It was reconsidered, and put upon the
•Calendar, and it now comes'upin its regular order.
That is the case, as I understand it. I am per-
fectly willing that the Senate should take a vote
without further debate, or debate it as long as it
chooses.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not mean to discuss the
case. The act of 1784 has no application to it.
I have-some recollection of the time when the bill,
of which this resolution is explanatory, was
passed; and, I think, the interest was stricken out
of it on a vote of the Senate. I may be mistaken.
I will not be sure about it; but that is my recol-
lection. Congress allowed the relief, but on the
face of the report it is shown that it was a gratuity
throughout; that there was no evidence of supplies
furnished, or services rendered. The whole of
the circumstances, which are conglomerated in that
report, go to show that it was in the nature of a
gratuity, on the supposition of general services
rendered by the family of the petitioner. On that
ground the relief was granted, but I do not think
it is a case for allowing interest. I fear the prece-
dent, or I would not care whether this were passed
or not.
Mr. EVANS. The claim seemed to be a mer-
itorious one originally, and it wa£; probably right
to grant it, although I ao not perceive that,.except
for the services of her father, she had any claim
to compensation; and-$2,000 -was a very extraor-
dinary sum to allow for theservices of a common
soldier rendered in the Army. But the _great
objection to this resolution is, that It allows inter-
est. Sir, if we open the question of interest, there
will be a thousand applications tor it next year.
Twenty or thirty cases have passed under my
review since I have been a member of the Senate,
in whichinteresthas been uniformly refused upon
as meritorious cases as this. If you allow it in
one case, it will be impossible to discriminate
between this and others. You will, therefore,
have to open the whole question; and if you allow
interest on these demands, your Treasury will not
meet them all.
•Mr. BADGER. I simply wish to ask if the
faith of the Government is not pledged by the
resolution of 1784, which was read by my friend
from Mississippi ?
Mr. WALKER. It J,s on that point that I
propose to say a word to the Senate.
From the time these services were rendered and
the supplies furnished, or at least from as early a
time as the representatives of Smith .cd.uld make
application, that application has been pending,
but it was never recognized until 1852. The
amount then appropriated was acknowledged to
be due to the party. There is a peculiarity in
the phraseology of tfyat act, and that peculiarity
was intended to cover just what is now claimed.
I will read it.
"The Secretary of the Treasury of the United States
pay to Mrs. Abigail Stafford, her heirs or legal represent-
atives, $2,000 out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated. for supplies furnished the army in the
revolutionary war, and services rendered by her father,
Henry SnMtli,of Massachusetts, to be paid upon principles
of equity and justice,"
The latter clause was intended by the committee
—I was a member of it at that time—to avoid the
question which has always been raised in the Sen-
ate upon the allowance of interest to individuals
who come here as claimants, and no one has been
more diligentm making objection to that allowance
in particular cases than theSenator from Delaware.
When the case went before "the Secretary of the
Treasury for payment, he or the Comptrollers or
Auditors disregarded the latffer clause,in the act
entirely, and the refusal was made to give interest
at all. Now the claimant wishes that Congress
should speak in definite terms, and enact what is
the equivalent of the declaration .that the amount
due was due in the view .of the act of 1784,.and
ought to have been paid ijt tjiat tixne. or if it waa
not then paid, but was paid at,.any subsequent
day, should have carried with it the allowance of
interest. This act of tardy justice was done in
1852, so far as the, appropriation of the principal
was concerned; but,notwithstanding that phrase-
ology of the act, the resolution of I7§4 was not
complied with. Those now w.ho advocate this
resolution, explanatory of the act of 1852, say
that the interest,ought to have been allowed legally
outside of the terms .included in the act, that the
payment should be made according to the prin-
ciples of equity and justice.
Mr. "WELLER. Out of what fund was it to
be paid .'
Mr. WALKER. Out of the Treasury of the
United States, under the act of 1852. If.it had
not been for the old acts.of- limitation there is no
question as to how the sum of $2,000 would have
been paid. It would have been paid with interest.
But the act of limitation precludes the proper
accounting officers from making this payment at
all; hence for principal and, interest both parties
have to come to the Congress of the United States.
Congress made an appropriation for the principal
—made it in the terms employed in the act, that
not only should thesum be paid,-but that it should
throw the whole subject before the accounting
officers of the Treasury for the allowanceof what-
ever in addition thereto should be found to be
due according to principles of equity and justice.
U nd er the resol ution of 1784, noi three per centum,
as the allowance stood in this, resolution when
reported by the committee, .but six per centum,
would have been paid. The Senator from Missis-
sippi now proposes to put it upon the basis of
the resolution of 1784. That will give six per
centum interest, and for. my part, I am willing to
vote for it, though as the case came from the com-
