1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
mittee of which I am a member it allowed only
three per centum, under the funding act of 1795.
Mr. DAWSON. I listened with great atten-
tion to the reading of the report; and that report
shows that this is a very meritorious case. The
claim, as I understand it, was for services ren-
dered by the ancestor of the claimant. In 1852,
Congress made an appropriation of $2,000, and
in the bill making it, there* was a reference of the
question to the Department to settle it according
to the principles of equity and justice. Now, it
is contended by some Senators that the appropri-
ation of $2,000 includes the whole claim and pre-
cludes any further payment, and that construction,
I understand, is placed upon it by the Department.
This resolution is explanatory of the act of 1852,
in which the accounting officers were ordered to
settle it upon principles of equity and justice.
What principles were they ? That the claim should
be allowed, and if equity and justice required the
payment of the interest, that it should be paid.
How do we ascertain that equity and justice
required the paymentof interest, but by a reference
to the law regulating such claims? The resolution
of 1784, declares that interest shall be paid; and
the words " equity and justice" in the act of 1852,
were synonymous with saying " to be paid accord-
ing to the resolution of 1784." As I understand the
mover of the amendment the object is to declare
that. It does not open the question of interest,
for it is already opened; it is already the provision
under the laws of the land; and the Department
should have paid it according to the resolution of
1784.
Mr. BROWN. I am not going to continue this
discussion, sir; but my object in striking out the
three per centum provision, and putting m the per
centum according to the resolution of 1784, is this:
The party was entitled to have her bill of 1852
settled according to that resolution. There was
no existing law, no existing obligation, upon us
to pay her three per centum; but, if we were bound
to pay her interest at all, we were bound to pay it
under the resolution of 1784; and that was six per
centum. If we were released from our obligation
under that resolution, 1 would not vote for it at
all. But what does the party claim? That in
1852you examined*her accounts,and allowed her
$2,000—for what? For services rendered, and for
supplies furnished to the Army. For that she
«ays you allowed the $2,000. That being true, to
what is she entitled ? Under the act of 1784, she
is entitled to six per centum interest for the sums
due for supplies furnished and services rendered.
Put the two facts together, and there is no dif-
ficulty in saying how you are to settle the claim.
If you admit that you owed this party $2,000, for
services rendered and supplies furnished, then the
law entities her, as it now stands, to six per centum
interest; and what she complains of is, that the
accounting officers do not pay it to her. I hope
that the point presented by the amendment, and
the object in presenting it, are fully understood.
I do not care to discuss the question further. I
would much rather vote on it.
The question was taken by yeas and nays; and
resulted—yeas 26, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bet!, Bfnjamin, Brain ml,
Brown Clajtou, Cooper," Dawionj Dodae oi Iowa, Fe?st*n-
dfin, Foot, Gillette, Gwin, Hamlm, Houston, James, Jone«
oi Iowa, Pwiroe, Kusk*, S^waid, Thompson of
Kentucky. Thomson of New Jersey, Wade, Walker,and
lVil-on—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bright, Clay,
Evans, Fuzpatrtck, Geyer, Ilunter, Pratt, Shield:*, tflideil,
Stuart, and Weller—14.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read the third
time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills and joint resolution:
A bill to regulate the sa'anes of the district
judges of the United States;
A bill for the relief of William Ilagerty;
A bill for the relief of Medford Caffey of the
State of Tennessee;
A bill for the construction of a military road in
Oregon Territory;
A bill making appropriations for improving
certain military roads in the Territory of Minne-
sota;
A bill making an appropriation for a territorial
road m Nebraska;
A bill making an appropriation for completing
the public buildings of Oregon Territory and
Minnesota;
A bill to provide for the accommodation of the
courts of the United States, in the district of
Maryland, and for the post office at Baltimore;
A joint resolution explanatory of an act giving
compensation to judges Woodbridge and Chip-
man;
A bill to authorize the issue of a register to the
Russian-built ship Aina;
A bill for the erection of a military post on or
near the Pembina river, in the Territory of Min-
nesota, and for other purposes; and
A bill to establish an additional land district in
the Territory of Oregon.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
A message was received from the President -of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had approved and signed
a joint resolution authorizing the President of the
United States to confer the title of Lieutenant
General by Brevet for eminent services.
HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
The message also announced that he had ap-
proved an act to amend the act making appropri-
ations for the improvement of certain harbors and
rivers, approved August 30,1852.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me we are ad-
monished, by the time which is occupied by
private claims which lead to discussion, that if we
proceed debating them, we shall make but very
lit!le progress. I therefore beg leave to renew
the motion which was made at the beginning of
the session to-day, by the Senator from Ohio, to
proceed with the consideration of such bills as are
not oojected to.
The PRESIDENT. That will require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. CLAY. I object.
RICHARD W. MEADE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill for settling the claim
of the legal representatives of Richard W. Meade,
deceased.
It proposes to direct the proper officers of the
Tieasury to settle the claim of the legal represent-
atives of Richard W. Meade, on their producing
the testimony required by the commission from
the claimants, under t he Florida treaty, which, m
the opinion of the officers, shall be satisfactory as
establishing theclaim, according to law and usage;
and further, to direct the Secretary of theTreaeury
to pay the amount so found due, with the pro-
vision, however, that more shall not be paid than
Richard W. Meade would have received out of
the §5,000,000 appropriated to pay the claimants
j under the Florida treaty, if his claim had been
admitted by the commissioners.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr CLAYTON. I should like to hear the bill
explained. 1 suppose the gentleman who reported
j it will be prepared to explain it.
! Mr. EVANS. I have looked into this claim.
: A portion of if, I am satisfied, would have been
' admitted but for—I cannot say ihe misconduct—
i but the mistake or misaprehension of Mr. Meade
| himself. He had a fair and honest claim for a
i sum of upwards of $200,000 against the Spanish
; Government, which, it was conceded, would have
1 come under the Florida treaty. He had another
' claim for h larger sum of money, amounting alto-
j gether to $290,000, for personal wrongs which he
i had suffered at the hands of the Spanish Govern-
; ment. Now, it seemed to be conceded, in the
i proceedings before the commissioners, that that
j was not allowed. There can be no doubt, how-
i ever, thai, if he had been able to produce his
i vouchers, the $200}000 would have been allowed
I him; but afcer that treaty was made, Mr. Meade,
instead of waiting to see if it would be ratified,
i went immediately to Spain, and entered into a ne-
1 gotiation with the Spanish Government in relation
! to his claim. They afterwards allowed it; but
; when he came here and presented his claim, it
| was refused on the ground that the commissioners
i were to decide, and not the Spanish Government,
j His own allegation was, that he had given up his t
] vouchers to theSpanish Government, and he could *
not establish it. Application was made to get the
vouchers back again, but they never eouid be
obtained. The commission expired; his claim
was rejected.
The bill proposes to refer to the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to do what the commission-
ers would have done had the claim been presented.
It seems to have been his misfortune that he had
settled with the Spanish Government, and given
up his vouchers; and the commissioners veiy
properly rejected it, saying, we are to pay the
claim which exists, and we are to judge, and not
the Spanish Government. On the whole, it seems
to me that this bill may, with great propriety, be
passed, referring the case to the proper officers.
The sum demanded is $490,000. The legitimate
claim, according to my estimate—I have not my
papers "here, or 1 would give the precise sum—is"
about $220,000. The other is for personal wrongs,
for which the Spanish Government had agreed to
pay him, but which he would not have been enti-
tled to under the treaty.
I think, upon that explanation, there can be no
reasonable objection to passing the bill in the form
in which it is presented.
Mr. CLAYTON. A bill of this description—I
think in the very terms of this one—I understand
has been before the House of Representatives at
this session, and been rejected. I do not profess
to be so well acquainted with the subject as to dis-
cuss it. But I know that it has been rejected in
the House, after having been pending a great many
years; and i should like to have an opportunity
of examining it more thoroughly than I have done,
before voting upon it. With the information which
1 have in relation to it, I should be compelled to
vote against it.
Mr. BADGER. I should be willing to have it
postponed if my friend from Delaware will look
into n.
Mr. CLAYTON. I will; and 1 hopemy friend
from North Carolina will allow me to look into it.
Mr. BADGER. I shall follow the lead of my
friend from South Carolina, unless my friend from
Delaware finds something against the bill.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator submit
a motion ?
Mr. CLAYTON. I move that it lie upon the
table.
Mr. BADGER. Oh, no; do not do that.
Mr. WELLER. I think it had better be,post-
poned.
Mr. CLAYTON. Name a day.
Mr. WELLER. It will go over to next Fri-
day.
Mr. EVANS. If it is not passed to-day it may
as well he on the table, for it cannot be considered
again this session. I believe the Senator from
Delaware is right when he says a similar bill has
been rejected in the House. That, however, is
no reason for postponing it. It is a reason why
we should act on it now.
Mr WELLER. I understand the Senator
from Delaware desires an opportunity to examine
the bill; therefore it was I suggested the propri-
ety of postponing its consideration until next Fri-
day. i believe a similar bill has been rejected at
the present session by the House of Represent-
atives. The claim has been before Congress for a
great many years, and I believe it has always been
reported upon favorably by the different commit-
tees who have had charge of it. This bill comes
from the Committee on Foreign Relations, of
which I am a member. I believe the claim has
never been rejected by any committee who have
taken the trouble to invest.gate its merits; but
if any member of this body is not prepared to
vote upon it—as it is an important case, involving
a large amount of money—I prefer that ft should
be postponed until next Friday; and I make that
motion.
Mr. BADGER. I think there is a great deal
in the suggestion of the Senator from South Car-
olina. If the Senate refuses to pass the bill to-
day, it will never be taken up in the House.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
FRANCISCO LOPE URRIZA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill for the relief of
Francisco Lope Urriza.
Its object is to direct theSecretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Francisco Lope Urriza #10,250, as
full compensation for the value ©f the schooner
