1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
771
refusing to apply either to the State treasury, or the !
Federal Treasury for pay. It was rather a mat- !
terofpriue with them. They come now, however,
as a matter of justice, like others who have received
pay on the same ground. My father was com-
manding general at the time, and perhaps 1 might
speak a little more definitely on the point, if I
were to refer to his order-books. I know they
received orders from him, for I have seen them in
his order-books.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
w. irving.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the Senate now to take
up House bill for the relief of W. Irving.
Mr. BADGER. Does not that require unani-
mous consent?
The PRESIDENT. Yes, sir; it requires unan-
imous consent to take up the bill out of its order.
Mr. BADGER. Then 1 object. I have no ob-
jection to the Senator's particular bill, but it that
is taken up, we shall have no end to these appeals
to our courtesy, and I wish to get on with the reg-
ular order of business.
OVERTON LOVE AND JOHN GUEST.
The next bill on the Calendar was one reported
by the Committee on Indian Affairs; for the relief
of Overton Love and John Guest, of the Chicka-
saw nation; wluch was considered as in Commit-
tee of the W hole.
Jt proposes to pay $2,400 to Love, and $1,300
to Guest, or to his legal representatives,- the
value respectively of certain slaves, their prop-
erty, forcibly seized and carried away from within
the Chickasaw country by certain white persons
from theState of Texas.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the report be read.
The Secretary accordingly read the report, from
which it appears that some time in the month of
December, 1847, or January, 1848, a band of nine
or ten armed men from Texas, crossed Red river
and forcibly took from the premises of Love four
of his slaves, named Patrick, Malinda, Lucinda,
and Susan, the right to which he acquired from
a devise of Nancy Guest to his wife. At the
same time and place they also seized and abducted
their slaves named Harriet, and her infant, and a
boy named Andy, the property, under the same
will, of John Guest, a minor and brother of Mrs.
Love. The value of the slaves, according to the ;
lowest rate established by depositions before In- .
dian a<rent Smith, was for those of Love, $,3,400,
and for those of Guest, $1,300. These slaves
were the property of Chickasaw Indians, and were
taken from their possession in the Chickasaw dis- |
trict of the Choctaw netion. The facts were duly
communicated to the Commissioner of Indian n
Affairs, and the case was referred to the Solicitor !
of the Treasury, who instructed the district attor- 1
ney of Texas to institute civil proceedings in the :
district court of the United States for that State, :
against the offenders. A report from the district !
attorney, after great delay, disclosed the fact that
the defendants were all irresponsible, and either :
dead or (led to California or Mexico, and beyond
the reach of process. The suit was, therefore,
abandoned. The slaves were removed to parts :
unknown, and have never been recovered. The
owners have not only not resorted to any violence
or retaliation, but have patiently awaited the result i
of tedious and ineffectual legal proceedings for :
redress. They now ask that the United States ;
pay the value of the property, as prescribed ;n the
sixteenth section of the intercourse law of 1S34. .
It is said that the property was taken under ,
some pretext of aclrim—i pretext which is scaice-
ly plausible, even when the character of the offend-
ers, and their final concealment of the property
and of thei.nselves is considered. Such a claim,
if honestly entertained, could not otherwise pal-
liate the act, than to reduce the guilt of the parties
from a larceny or robbery to a trespass. The
property had been in the peaceable possession of
the claimants and of the testator who bequeathed
it to them; and the seizure of it by strong hand,
without legal process, and within the territories of
a nation with whom the United States were, and
ever have been af peace, was, to say the least, an
offense or misdemeanor, and, therefore, within a
class of ca^es for which that act provides. The
other conditions of the act have been luifilled, and
their right to the payment is now clear and abso-
lute. They have not sought revenge or private
satisfaction, and the offenders cannot be appre-
hended and brought to trial.
Mr. "CHASE. This case involves some very
grave considerations, and i hope it will be post-
poned.
Mr. BADGER. Indicate them.
Mr. CHASE. One is, whether this case comes
within the provision of the intercourse law; and
the other is in regard to the propriety of the Gov-
ernment of the United States paying for property
in human being3.
Mr. BADGER. I hope it will not be post-
poned.
Mr. CHASE. I move that the further consid-
eration of the bill be postponed until Friday next.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. This bill was reported by
myself from the Committee on Indian Aifairs, and
I believe that the Senator from Ohio has once or
twice before objected to its consideration.
Mr. CHASE. Never before.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I understood the Senator
to object 10 it on last Friday.
Mr. CHASE. That was when a single objec-
tion would throw it over. I then objected to it,
because it would give rise to debate.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. There is no novel question
in this bill, and I hope it will not be postponed.
Mr. CHASE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHASE. Before the vote is taken on the
motion to postpone, I wish simply to say that my
attention has not been particularly directed to this
case. I was not aware that it was coming up.
It is quite true that, on the last private bill day,
understanding from a Senator near me that it
would give rise to debate, I objected to its consid-
eration at that time; but I was not then aware of
the precise character of the bill; nor am I certain
that I fully comprehend it now. I desire time to
consider it; I wish to look into the report and bill
more carefully than is possible at this moment. I
hope, therefore, the bill will be postponed.
Mr. BADGER. I will ask the Senator from
Ohio whether he has any doubt at all about his
final course on the bill ? Because, if he has not, it
is useless to postpone it.
Mr. CHASE. I do not know but that it is pre-
determined here that every bill which provides for
payment for slaves, no matter what may be the
merits of the particular case, shall be passed
through the SentTtc.
Mr. BADGER. That was not. my question.
I asked the Senator from Ohio whether he had
any reason to suppose that, after any examination,
he could vote for the bill; whether he had not made
up his mind, at all hazards, to vote against it ?
Mr. CHASE. All that I have to say m answer
to thatquestion is thatif, upon examination, I shall
be satisfied that it violates no constitutional prin-
ciple, and provides only for paying a just claim, I
shall vote for it.
Mr. BADGER. Has the Senator not made up
his mind that it is not constitutional?
Mr. CLAY. I wish to ask the Senator from
Ohio if he doubts whether this case is within the
Indian intercourse act of 1834'
Mr. CHASE, i certainly do.
i Mr. CLAY. Well, Mr. President, l ean see
no question whatever as to its being within the
intercourse act. It seems to me to come not only
within the spirit but within the letter of that act.
' But the question which the Senator from Ohio has
! raised is as to the right of property in human
!' beings. I would, under ordinary circumstances,
| extend this courtesy to the Senator. Forhim,per-
| sonally, I have really sincere respect; but for his
fanaticism I confess I have none. As I know
that we differ " widely as the polls asunder" on
■ that subject, and as that is the only point on which
we can differ m respect to this question, I must be
■ guilty of apparent discourtesy in voting against
; the proposition to postpone.
Mr. CHASE. I am very sorry that the Senator
from Alabama, for whom 1 cherish all the respect
which he expresses forme—respect entiielyun-
feigned and sincere—happens to have so fixed an
I opinion that this case is within the principle of the
' Indian intercourse law, that he feels himself bound
to insist that the fc.ll must be acted on at the mo-
ment, without allowing to me that time for exam-
I i ination which the courtesy of the Senate ordinarily
il secures to any Senator who desires it.
My honorable friend—if he will permit me so to
call him—excepts from his general expression of
respect for me what he is pleased to call my
fanaticism. I might except his fanaticism od the
other side, from my expression of respect for him.
But, sir, I do not think that our respective opinions
on a certain great question ought to be drawn into
debate here in this form. I hold certain constitu-
tional views of the subject of slavery, a matter of
grave moment, vastly important to the people of
this country. Those constitutional views of mine
are not peculiar to myself. They are shared by
thousands and hundreds of thousands of people
in the free States. They are not decaying or
dying out. They spread and grow stronger day
by day. 1 hope to live—and if my life shall be
protracted to the ordinary limits of human exist-
ence, I believe I shall live—to see them sanctioned
by the highest courts and recognized in the legisla-
tion and administration of the country.
So much, sir, for my fanaticism. All I now
desire is, that this bill may be postponed until
Friday next. I do not know that 1 shall then
have a single word to say in debate upon it. My
impression is that I shall have nothing to say, but
I ask for the postponement for the reasons which
I have stated.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to say, sir, in ex-
planation of the inquiry which I put, that the
honorable Senator from Ohio has just stated pre-
cisely what I supposed. He proposes to post-
pone this bill, not that he wants to look into it
with a view of relieving any doubts on his mind
whether he ought to vote for it or not; and that is
the very purpose for which I put the inquiry.
He says this is a bill to pay persons who claim
property in human beings, ana upon that subject
he has certain constitutional opinions shared by
himself and by thousands of others, as he says,
the number and the strength of the opinion in-
creasing day by day. Then, if we postpone it to
next Friday, the honorable Senator will observe,
his convictions against the bill will only be in-
creased, and as his vote "no" will be just the
same now as a week hence, why postpone the
bill ? He has no doubts to solve; his mind is
made up.
Mr. CHASE. I am in hopes that I shall be
able to satisfy my friend from North Carolina by
next Friday.
Mr. WELLER. I do not think it probable. _
Mr. CHASE. It may be improbable, but it is
not impossible that I shall satisfy him by next
Friday, that he ought not to vote for the bill.
Mr. BADGER. "I am decidedly of opinion that
the Senator cannot convince me of that, for if any
man steals my negroes, I think I ought to be paid
for them.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to avoid the denial
of a request so reasonably made, which we are in
the habit of granting daily; but I have not heard
from the Senator from Ohio a reason satisfactory
to govern me in voting for this postponement. _ i
wish, therefore, to ask him simply, whether/if
this question be narrowed down to the recognition
of human beings as property, and the liability to
pay for slaves as a consequence, he will vote for
the bill so recognizing them. If the delay is asked
for simply to ascertain that fact, as the honorable
Senator from North Carolina says, I see no reason
for delay, though I feel disinclined to vote against
a request of this character.
| Mr. SEWARD. I shall vote with the honor-
i able Senator from Ohio to postpone this question
! until next Friday, and I do so simply upon the
ground that I understand from him that he desires
| to examine the subject,in order to be heard upon
j it—whether to satisfy himself or convince others
• is immaterial to me. It is a courtesy every day
! and every hour asked, and every day and every
[ hour granted. At the same time, I do not support
jl'the motion with any reference to any opinion of
ji ray own on the bill. I am prepared to vote on it
now, just as I shall he prepared to vote then, but
I am m favor of the postponement, because l
think it is a courtesy due to the Senator from
Ohio, and the question is one of sufficient magni-
tude to authorize him in asking it.
Mr. DAWSON. In regard to the point of
courtesy, let me say, that we have now reached a
period of the session when the postponement ot
the bill until next Friday will destroy all proba-
bility of its passage. Senatorial courtesy is noj
intended for the purpose of placing in the hands of
