774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Mr. ORR. I move to reconsider the vote by
■which the amendment was agreed to, and upon
that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. I
move to laylthe motion to reconsiderupon the table.
Mr. LETCHER. And upon that motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GLINQMAN. I rise to a question of
order; whether, in a decision made by tellers, a
gentleman voting with the minority, can move to
reconsider a vote taken in that way? I believe
my friend from S&uth Carolina [Mr. Orr] voted
with the minority.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit this
question to the Chair: The House has ordered
the main question, that is, upon the adoption of
the resolution, and the amendment was not the
main question. The motion to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was adopted is not,
therefore, in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order, and decides that the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment was
adopted is in order. Such has been the practice
of the House every week, nay, almost every day,
since the occupant of the chair has had a seat in
this body, and the Chair is no't disposed to change
the practice.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, i Was not the vote
on the adoption of the amendment taken by tell-
ers, and did not the gentleman who made the
motion to reconsider vote in the minority ?
The SPEAKER. There is no record of that
being the case ?
Mr. JONES. But there was a report by the
tellers, and if he voted any way, hs certainly
voted in the negative.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee disagree with the Chair that such has
been the practice of this body since he has been
B. member of it? Will the gentleman point to a
single instance to the contrary ?
Mr. JONES. I cannot now refer to a case.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman think
there is one? 6
Mr. JONES. I think there has been.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks there has
been no such instance within his recollection. If
there had been a recorded vote the point would
have been good; but in no other case does the
question arise as to "whether the individual who
moves to reconsider voted in the majority or not.
The motion has been made to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was adopted, and also
a motion to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table. The yeas and nays have been ordered upon
the latter motion, and the Clerk wiil call the roll.
The question was then taken; and resulted—
i 107, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Appleton, Banks, Belch-
er, Bennett, Benson, Bristow, Bugg, Campbell, Carpenter,
Chamberlain, Chandler, Chase, Clark, Clingman, Cobb,
Coo!;, Corvvin, Crocker, Cullom, Cutting, Jnlm <>■ Davie", i
Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dickinson, Dunbar, Eastman, 1
Edgerton, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Ethcudge, Failey, i
Faulkner, Fenton, Flagler, Florence, Giddmgs, Goodwin, |
Green, Grey, Glow, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, j
Hastings, Haven, Ilenn, Heister, Hit!, Howe, Hughes, I
Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Giancy Jones, |
Knox, Kurtz, Lane, Lyon,Macdonald,Matteson, Maurice, ;
Mayall, Meacham, Miilson, Morgan, Morrison, Noiton, '
Olds, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Peck, Peekham, .
Pennington, Pringle, Puryear, David Rltchio, Thomas
Ritchey, Rogers, Rowe, Russell, Sabill, Sage, Sapp, Shan- j
non, Shower, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, William It. ,
Smith, Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Riehaid II. Stanton, !
Hestor L. Stevens, John L Taylor, Teller, Thurston, :
Trout,Upham, Wade, Walbridge, Walley, Warren, Eililm
B. Washburne, Wells, John Wentworth, Tappan Went-
worth, and Wheeler—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Barry, Benton, Breckinridge, Bridges, ;
Brooks, Caskie, Chrisman, Cox, Craige, Dowdell, Eddy,
Edmundscm, Ellison, English, Fuller, Guode, Greenwood,
Hamilton, Hendricks, Hibbard, Johnson, Roland Jones,
Kittridge, Lamb, Latham, Letcher, Lewis, Lilly, Lmdsloy, i
McNair, McQueen, Middleswarth, Smith Miller, Murray, |
Nieliols, Noble, Orr, Packer, Parker, Phelps, Phillips, ,
Powell, Preston, Ready, Robbins, Ruffin, Seymour, Shaw,
Bkelton, George W. ^myth, Straiton, Straub, Andrew Stu-
art, John J. Taylor, Tracy, Vanaant, Yates, and Zollicof-
fer -55.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The question then recurring upon the resolution
as amended, the question was taken; and the reso-
lution adopted.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by the
hands of Asedry Dickins, Esq., their Secretary,
informing the House that they had passed Senate
bill No. 513, being an act to fix the salaries of the
Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States,
in which they asked the concurrence of the House.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Indian appro-
priation bill has been returned to us from the Sen-
ate with a great number of amendments adopted
by that body. I move, if there is no objection,
that it be taken from the Speaker's table and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
accordingly referred.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, here reported as correctly enrolled a bill and
joint resolution of the House of the following
titles; which thereupon received the signature of
the Speaker:
An act for the erection of military posts cn or
near the Pembina river, in the Territory of Min-
nesota, and for other purposes.
Joint resolution explanatory of theactgiving com-
pensation to Judges Woodbridge and Chipman.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Mr. HAYEN. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on thestateof the Union.
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar.
I will state, however, to the gentleman from
New York, that if he will permit the standing
committees to be called for the purpose of report-
ing private bills this morning, 1 will withdraw the
motion to go into a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Ohio that I have made my motion upon
my own responsibility, without consultation, but
I will not. withdraw it, leaving the House to dis-
pose of it as they choose. They can vote it down
if they see fit, but I think we ought to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Vnion.
Mr. EDGERTON. Then I insist upon my
motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Ohio has precedence over that of the gentle-
man from New York.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Ohio must be aware, from his own expe-
rience, that it will require the entire time of the
remainder of the session to dispose of the press-
ing public business—t mean the general appro-
priation bills.
The question was then taken on themotion sub-
mitted by Mr. Edgerton; and it was not agreed
to.
The queslion recurring on the motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, it was put; and agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on thestate of the Union,
(Mr. Edgerton in the chair.)
OCEAN MAIL STEAMER BILL AGAIN.
The CHAIRMAN. When the corhmitteelast
rose it had under consideration House bill (No.
595) making appropriations for the transportation
of the United States mail, by ocean steamers and
otherwise, during the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1856. The pending question is the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Olds] to the first section of the bill, and
upon that question the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Kerr] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. KERR addressed the committee in favor
of the bill for an extension of the Collins contract.
His remarks will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Houston,]
who reported this bill, did not avail himself of the
right to open the discussion, which he had under
the rules of the House; and if he had been able
to be here to-day, he would have the right to close
the debate with a speech of the usual time. As
he has substituted me for himself, I ask the per-
mission of the House to allow me to occupy a
little more time than the few minutes which are
left for general debate.
[Cries of "Agreed I" " Agreed!"]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I hope my friend
from Maryland [Mr. Sollek-s] will not object.
Mr. SOLLERS. It affords me infinite pain to
object; but for three whole weeks 1 have had on
my desk a bill, which I desired to report, from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and I could not
get the consent of the House to report it. I shall,
therefore, insist upon the most rigid execution of
the rules of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope there will
be now no objection to the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Sollers] reporting the bill he refers to.
I hope that the gentlemen who heretofore objected
to it will not now do so.
Mr. TWEED. I will object to the reporting
of any bill now.
The CHAIRMAN. This discussion is not in
order.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. How much time
have I?
The CHAIRMAN. Nineteen minutes.
Mr. SOLLERS. I withdraw my objection.
Let the gentleman from Kentucky go on and oc-
cupy his hour.
Mr. TWEED. It is but fair to notify thegen-
tleman from Maryland that if he has withdrawn
his objection in the expectation that the objection
to his bill will be withdrawn, he is mistaken. I
gave notice to the House that I will object to his
reporting that bill.
Mr. HUNT. The House will suspend its rules
in order to allow the gentleman to report his bill.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE then addressed the
committee during the hour which was conceded
to him, in opposition to the extension of the con-
tract to MessFs. Collins & Co. His remarks,
withheld for revision, will be found in the Appen-
dix.
Mr. LYON obtained the floor.
Mr. CUTTING. I desire to ask my colleague
to allow me to appeal to the committee for indul-
gence to make a few remarks on the new papers
which have been introduced only this morning by
the gentleman who represents the Committee of
Ways and Means. There has been no opportunity
whatever to criticise-them; and 1 ask that I may
be allowed by the committee to devote a short
time to such criticism.
, Mr. SOLLERS. Yes; that is right.
Mr. CUTTING. I ask this privilege, because
I consider that these papers ought to have been
introduced by the Committee of Ways and Means
at the time that committee reported this bill, for
the purpose of showing the foundation on which
it proceeded. If they had been introduced then,
time would have been given to have looked at them,
and examined their accuracy. If, therefore, the
committee will indulge me with an opportunity of
making a few remarks on these papers, I will take
it as a favor; for I think it but just that there
should be an opportunity of criticising them.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That cannot be
done, Mr. Chairman.
The CHAIR.M AN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cutting,]
that that can only be done by the unanimous con-
sent of the committee. Ilis colleague [Mr. Lyon]
is entitled to the floor for five minutes.
Mr. LYON. I move to amend the bill by in-
creasing the compensation to E. K. Collins &, Co.
$1,000 per trip.
I have listened, Mr. Chairman, with a great
deal of interest to the eloquent and able exposi-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads [Mr. Olds] on this whole
subject. That gentleman was, if I understand it
aright, selected from the various committees of
this House to fill that position, because he had a
peculiar fitness for it, because he understood every-
thing which pertained to it from the Alpha to
the Omega. And, sir, it is the duty of the Speaker
to select such men for such positions who, from
their brilliant services, either as men of figures or
men of facts, either as men of experience or of the-
ory, can elucidate any subject they take hold of.
And, sir, when I heard that honorable gentleman
speak on the subject now before the committee,
I was charmed that he had been converted; I was
charmed at that change, for Be felt, no doubt, like
old Luther at the Diet of Worms, and could have
said with him to those Papists around him, " Do
you think that I have lived forty years and learned
nothing ?" I felt thathemight exclaim with Con-
stantine, that he had turned from heathen honors
