1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
777
curacies, even to me who am not familiar with the
business of these ships.
They make a profit, according to the statement,
upon each trip of $12,537. To make that profit
they are credited with eighty passengers at $140
each. Wow, at all times up to and until the first
of July last, these ships carried first-class passen-
gers to Liverpool, not at $140 each, but at $120.
Therefore, to correct this very first item, we must
deduct §20 from each of the eighty passengers,
and we have at once $1,600 to deduct from the
$12,537, thus reducing the alleged profits to less
than $11,000 per trip.
Again, sir; since the fere has been raised, the
charge is $130 for each first-class passenger, and
no more. Why, I ask, if this statement has been
sent in here as one upon which members might
repose confidence, has there been, upon so simple
a point, a point upon which information could
have been so easily obtained, so glaring a diverg-
ence from accuracy?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The statement which
I first made to the House was an estimate made
by the Post Office Department, and made before
Captain Bell could get a correct list from the
custom-house. He estimated the average number
of passengers at eighty. By a supplemental state-
ment, which he copied from the books of the
custom-house—which I thought was too long to
read entire—it appears that the average number of
passengers for each trip is one hundred and thirty-
five.
Mr. CUTTING. Now, the gentleman will per-
ceive that what he read in reference to the charge
for passengers was erroneous. That is conceded;
but he desires to correct it by referring to another
statement, and by giving credit for a larger num-
ber of passengers.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I stated in my speech
that it was an inaccuracy which was corrected by
- a subsequent report. But the inaccuracy there is
in favor of the Government. ,
Mr. CUTTING. The gentleman is mistaken
in that.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Certainly it is, as
you get one hundred and eighty passengers, when
that statementshows only one hundred and thirty-
five.
Mr. CUTTING. In reference to the passengers
I have no means of ascertaining the true number.
But what confidence can be placed in statements
which stare each other in the face, as do these of
the Post Office Department and of Captain Bell.
Again, credit is assumed for five hundred tons of
merchandise both ways, from and to Europe, as
if the rate of freight were the same both coming
and going. Any man who has any knowledge of
ships knows there is no similarity in the rate of
freight out and home.
Again, they charge the Collins line with freight
at the rate of twenty-two dollars a ton, and make
no deduction whatever for the expenses of receiv-
ing the cargo on board, or for discharging it.
Not an allusion to that expense! Does notevery-
body know that to discharge a ship, and send the
whole to the public store, as they have to do,
within two or three days after arrival, is an ex-
pensive operation ? Congress has altered tlve law
authorizing goods to be sent to the public store
within five days, so as to make steamers to dis-
charge after twenty-four hours. The whole pro-
cess, requiring great expedition, is performed by
means of stationery steam engines. Go to the
wharf at the foot of Canal street, and you will see
the steam engine at work in loading and unloading.
1 now advert to another item. It is notorious
that, in order to keep these steamers in proper
running order, constant and extensive repairs are
required to be made to the machinery. They have
something like four tubular boilers in each ship.
Those acquainted with steam navigation know
that the boilers are usually worn out in the space
of three or four years; and, of course, they have
to be replaced by new ones as often as that, and
in the mean while expensive repairs are continually
necessary. Now, 1 ask, if, over, beyond, and
above the expenses of ordinary repairs at the end
of each trip, required by the damages sustained
during that trip, there is a single cent allowed by
the Post Office statement for the extensive and
frequent repairs which 1 have shown to be neces-
sary ? Not one farthing is allowed for such inevi-
table expenditures, either to the hull or to the
engine of these vessels. This item of expense is
the most extravagant of the whole. To keep two
of these enormous engines- in each ship in work-
ing order, so that they are able to perform their
offices, and to keep the boilers in a safe condition,
requires, at the end of each trip, very large outlays.
The means are not at my command by which I
can get the figures as to the amount of this ex-
pense. This much I can say, however, that the
cost of repairs and of keeping the engines in proper
order, fit to perform the service required of them,
i3 as heavy as any other item of expense in the
Secretary's estimate. Adding to it simply the
expense I have suggested, it will be readily per-
ceived, at a" glance, that no reliance can be placed
upon'the accuracy of the supposed profit asserted,
by it. It, indeed, professes to be only conjectu-
ral. It is a mere estimate, and, like all estimates,
it varies much from the truth.
I appeal to this committee, whether evidence
thrown in in this way, not having been commu-
nicated to the parties in interest, ought to be suf-
ficient to overthrow the fact that thecompany have
never been able to make a dividend ? And I ask
whether it would have been anything more than
common justice to Mr. Collins that the Post
Office Department should have communicated to
him a copy of their statement, so that he and his
associates might have had the opportunity to cor-
rect any inaccuracies which it contained? If that
had been done, its errors or omissions might have
been pointed out, and then, between the Post Office
estimate and its corrections, we should have had
some reliable information. Now, why was it that
the Post Office Department did not do this simple
act of justice ? Why was it that the Department
(lid not communicate its intention to submit con-
jectural accounts for the purpose of attempting to
prove to Congress that Mr. Collins ought to be
cut off from the further compensation?
Mr. Chairman, there has been also presented to
this House, this morning, a communication from
Mr. Vanderbilt to the Post Office Department,
proposing to run a line of steamers at $15,000 per
trip. I beg to say that I have known Mr. Van-
derbilt a great many years, and my opinion is, his
character needs no indorsement from me, or from
any other member of the House. He is one of
the most sagacious and skillful managers of steam
vessels, in my opinion, that exists in any part of
the world, and I have no hesitation in declaring it
is my deliberate judgment that he can make a
dollar go further in running steamers than any
other man within my knowledge. I understood
the gentleman to say that Mr. Vanderbilt pro-
poses to take the place of the Collins line.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. So I understand him.
Mr. CUTTING. If the gentleman will give
his attention, for a minute, to his proposition, it
will show him that he is entirely mistaken. But
first I desire to say that I impute no unworthy
motives to Mr. Vanderbilt; he is too well known
to need that declaration. Too high a tribute has
not been rendered, by his friends here, to his
industry, his capacity, or his enterprise. But,
sir, Mr. Vanderbilt does not propose to take the
place of the Collins line. It is his desire to enter
into competition with the Cunarders. Fie does
not wish in any degree to interfere with, or to
injure, Mr. Collins; and if he did he could not dis-
place or break up his contract, for it has still over
five years to run. Congress cannot annul the
contract. It cannot be touched. Mr. Vanderbilt,
therefore, does not propose to violate the rights of
Mr. Collins. He merely offers, if the Government
will give him $15,000 per round trip, and allow
him to take such steamers as he chooses to put
upon the line, that he will run, upon alternate
weeks, in competition with the Cunarders; and 1
say, for one, that, if his proposition were put in
the shape of a bill, I would support it. Yes, sir,
I am for competing with the Cunarders, from the
first to the last, from beginning to end, until Ameri-
can enterprise and skill can run them out of the
carrying trade. Such is my wish upon the sub-
jeCBut, sir, what is this proposition ? If ever there
was one calculated to mislead the members of this
House upon an important topic, I respectfully
submit that his letter, and also the proposals
which have been submitted here, by some one—I
cannot recollect the name 
Mr. CUMMING. Hansen.
Mr. CUTTING. Hansen, that is the name.
I have heard it here, as far as my memory serves,
for the first time during this discussion. I never
heard it before, that I recollect. But, sir, I dee ire
to call the attention of the committee to the prop-
osition which is presented by him.
Mr. CUMMING. The gentleman eays^ he
never heard the name before. Sir, I beg to say
that I know Mr. Hansen well, and I know hint
to be as well able and Well qualified.to carry out
the proposition he makes as the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. CUTTING. I hope he is a great deal
better 
Mr. CUMMING. It is very likely.
Mr. CUTTING. I hope he is a great deal
better able to accomplish it than I am, for, ft is
certainly beyond my capacity or means to carry
out. But, sir, I have no desire to disparage Mr.
Hansen. I said that I had not had the pleasure
of his acquaintance, and I cast no reSection upon
him, unless it be one not to have known him.
[Laughter.] I have no doubt he is a very respect-
able gentleman, and if I ever had any doubt of
the fact, the assertion of my friend ajid colleague
from New York would have convinced me. But
what is his proposition ? Is it to run between
New York and Liverpool? Notatall. He pro-
poses to run to Plymouth, and thence to Antwerp,
Rotterdam, and Gluckstadt.
Mr. Chairman, I ask any gentleman in this
committee to read his most extravagant commu-
nication, which undertakes to recommend his
project, and to show its grand results upon the
business of the world. He declares that, if Con-
gress will give him a contract, it wiil change the
whole trade of Europe. He proposes to divert
all the trade and travel to Europe to a point in the
north of Europe. He proposes to establish there
a depot for our tobacco and cotton, and,in fact, to
reverse and change the whole course of mercantile
operations on the continent. And he proposes to
do all this with four steamships, each of which
carry five hundred tons of goods! He says, in
effect, that with means like this he can change the
commerce of the world. Can any assertion be
more extravagant ?
Mr. CUMMING. I ask the gentleman to per-
mit me to make a single remark to show the dif-
ference between Mr. Hansen's proposition and
the original proposition of Mr. Collins. Mr,
Collins came to the Government for money to
construct his steamships with, but Mr. Hansen
does not ask Congress to pay him one cent until
he shall have completed his first trip. He asks
for nothing to build his ships.
Mr. CUTTING. And we are askefl first to
sacrifice Mr. Collins, and then wait until time
proves whether Mr. Hansen can carry his enter-
prise into effect! We are asked to begin by taking
the extra compensation from Mr. Collins for the
sake of trying an experiment with Mr. Hansen!
Let me say one word more in reference to Mr,
Vanderbilt's proposal, in view of which the gentle-
man from Kentucky asks whether this House is
willing to stand by the Collins compensation, in
face of the fact that there is a proposition before ua
from a responsible gentleman, who, it is said, pro-
poses to do the same service as Mr. Collins for
§15,000per round trip. The gentleman very prop-
erly said that he did not urge it as an argument
for terminaiing the contract with Mr. Collins, but
he urged it for the purpose of showing that there
was no need to pay the extra compensation, when
Mr. Vanderbilt was able to perform the same ser-
vice for $15,000 per trip. The argument, I think,
is calculated to have greater weight with this com-
mittee than it is entitled to.
In the first place, I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky what kind of steamships Mr. Vander-
bilt has proposed to put upon his line? The
proposal states that'he can commence his trips in
thirty days from the passage of the act. Now, I
ask the gentleman from Kentucky are the ships to
have single or double engines ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I do not know, and
I do not care, provided they carry the mails in the
proper time.
Mr. CUTTING. But it is important upon the
point of the comparative expense of running the
steamers, as compared with those of Collins; ana
I propose to show that, if Mr. Vanderbilt makes
his offer with reference to single-engine vessels,
we are paying no more to Mr. Collins, at $33,000
per round trip  compared with the character of his
steamers, than $15,000 would be to Mr. V&nder-
