778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16/
bilt. I understand that the steamers proposed
by Mr. Vanderbilt have single walking beam en-
gines. One of the specifications in the contract
with Mr. Collins is, that his ships should be built
with double engines, of not'less than fifteen hun-
dred horse power each. He constructed first the
Atlantic and the Pacific, with cylinders each of
ninety-five inches in diameter, and with nine feet
length of stroke. Each ship has four boilers, with
an aggregate of seventeen thousand square feet of
boiler surface.
Wow, what class of ships does Mr. Vanderbilt
propose to place on the line. My recollection is—
and I speak from memory, without undertaking
to vouch for the exactness of the statement—that
two'of his ships, with single engines, have not a
greater capacity of cylinder than any one of the
double engines of the Collins steamers. The
steamers running to Charleston and Savannah are
examples of the style of Mr. Vanderbilt's ships,
though smaller. "Hisships have but single engines,
of not more than half the power or capacity of
each of the <louble engines of the Collins steam-
ers.
Again, the tonnage of the Collins steamers, ac-
cording to my recollection, is about twenty-seven
or twenty-eight hundred tons, or about three thou-
sand tons, according to English measurement.
The tonnage of one of Mr. Vanderbilt's ships is,
I think, about sixteen hundred, and of the other
about twenty-two hundred.
Now, does not every gentleman of the commit-
tee see, at a glance, that a single-engine steamer
of sixteen hundred tons can be tun for half, or less
than half, the expense of the Collins steamers, with
double engines of ninety-five inch cylinders, and
nine feet stroke? The Baltic, if I mistake not, has
two cylinders, each of one hundred inches diam-
eter, and ten feet stroke of piston.
I agree, sir, that Mr. Vanderbilt could run
steamers, such as lie contemplates, with success
against expensive steamers of first-class size and
expense, because his are comparatively cheap
vessels. They cost about $300,000 each, whilst
the Collins steamers cost over $.600,000 each; and
I submit, upon these facts, that if you were to give
Mr. Vanderbilt $15,000 a trip, it is equivalent to
twice that sum paid to Mr. Collins, relatively to
the cost and character of the ships.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, (interrupting.) I be-
lieve that the gentleman from New York made
eome comments upon the fact that.this proposition
of Mr. Vanderbilt had been thrown before the
committee without notice.
Mr. CUTTING. I thought so.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. The date of that
proposition is February 15, 1855, from which it
will be seen that it has onlyjust been made to the
Post Office Department.
Mr. CUTTING. 1 knew that Mr. Vanderbilt
had made such a proposition some time ago. I
take occasion to repeat, that I do not charge Mr.
Vanderbilt with the least intention to damage Mr.
Collins's cause. It is due to him that 1 should
state, that when he spoke tome upon this subject
he entirely disclaimed' any idea or intention of
opposing Mr. Collins.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. As the gentleman has
reached an appropriate pause in his argument, I
want to call his attention to one point, if he will
allow me.
Mr. CUTTING. Certainly.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If the gentleman has
any statement—any authoritative, sworn state-
ment, in regard to tho expenditures and income
©f the Collins hue, he will throw much light upon
the subject if he will disclose it. If he has not
such a statement, I call his attention, not to any-
thing from the Post Office Department, but to the
official report of Captain Bell, of the United States
Navy—an officer of this Government, and a gen-
tleman of high character—in which he makes an
estimate of the income and expenditures of the
company, accompanying it with a statement,
copied from the books of the custom-house, of the
Dumber of passengers arriving in these ships j
duiing the year 1854. If the gentleman will take '
that and found some remarks upon it, I shall be
much obliged to him.
Mr. CUTTING. I promised the committee
that I would be brief, and Icannot, whilst address-
ing them, read Mr. Bell's statement, so as to be
able to criticise it.
Mr. CHANDLER, (interrupting.) Will the
gentleman allow me to put in that statement now
of which I spoke some time since ? "
Mr. CUTTING. I will do so in a moment. I
was about to observe to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, that this branch of my argument relates
to the proposition of Mr. Vanderbilt, and I was
endeavoring to show the committee that Mr. Van-
derbilt might well make money at $15,000 a trip,
With steamers of moderate cost.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, (interrupting.)
Will the gentleman from New York, before he
leaves this branch of the subject, inform the com-
mittee whether Mr. Vanderbilt states in his letter
what would be the average time that he would
sequire for the performance of the trips ?
Mr. CUTTING. No, he does not; he makes
no sort of stipulation with regard to that. He is
perfectly at liberty, with his single-engine boats,
to take fourteen, fifteen, or sixteen days to make
the trip. Let me say, in this connection, that
there are now upon the Havre line two boats, one
of which was intended for the Pacific navigation,
and has double engines. When she was first put
upon the line, it was supposed that she would be
a very swift boat, and in calm weather she was
so, but in coming to the westward, in the month
of October, I think, she was focind to be inca-
pable of making headway, and they had to lay her
up alongside the dock during the winter months.
Ocean steamers must be of great power or they
fail. I have no doubt that Mr. Vanderbilt would
do whatever he contracted to do, but he offers no
engagement as to the time within which he will
perform his trips. I will now yield the floor to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have recovered the paper
to which I referred a little while ago. The state-
ment is made by one of the first merchants in the
world, and he pledges his word that it is correct;
and there is scarcely a merchant in the world that
would not take that pledged word as readily as an
affidavit. I will read it;
The total amount of stock that was subscribed
tor was .$1,13-2,000
Bonds issued ^T00—unpaid, due April 1  6-24,000
Due lo agents m New York.    85,000
Interest due the stockholders for four years, they
nqt having received one cent  398,000
Deterioration 'if three steamers (one being lost)
for lour years on the cost oftlietliree$ili,-Xj7 18
at five per cent, per annum     425,000
Due for supplies and repairs   131.000
Due the Government balance of loan  231,000
$3,028,0110
Deduct due the company by the underwriters and
agents in England   $3!2.000
Due by the underwriters in New York.. 40,000
Steameis Atlantic, Pacific, and Baltic,
at cost   2.126,000
   2,478,000
548,000
From whieli deduct the quarterly payment due by
the Government, January 1, but not paid for
want of an appropriation  214,000
$334,000
I was, therefore, correct in saying that the total
loss of the company had been $334,000. I repeat,
sir, when the word of the writer of that letter is
given no oath is required.
Mr. LETCHER. Thatisno statementof facts
at all.
Mr. CUMMING. Will my colleague yield
me the floor for a moment ?
Mr. CUTTING. As I am occupying the time
of the committee by its indulgence, and out of the
regular order, I do not feel myself at liberty to
yield the floor, unless there appears to be a gene-
ral desire on the part of the committee that the
gentleman should be heard; in that case, I wiil
yield cheerfully.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I hopethegentleman
from New York will allow the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to give us the name of the writer of
the statement which he has presented.
Mr. CUTTING, Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. The name of the writer is
John A. Brown.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Where does he live?
Mr. CHANDLER. In Philadelphia, sir.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. What does he know
about it f
Mr. CHANDLER. He is a stockholder in
the company.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. That is a general
and unsworn statement.
Mr. CUMMING. I rise to a question of order,
and it is this: I understand that wears now under
the five-minute rule. My colleague, [Mr. Cut-
ting,] however, asked to be allowed to say a few-
words by way of explanation, and the permission-
was granted him. He has been interrupted by
half a dozen gentlemen, and has given way to
them. I asked him just now to yield me the floor
for a moment, but he refused to do it, and now I
object to his going on any longer.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman from New York, in regard to his
point of order, that his colleague is occupying the
floor by the unanimous consent of the committee,
and is entitled to occupy it.
Mr. CUMMING. Is there no limit to the
leave granted ?
The CHAIRMAN. One hour; the gentleman
has a right to occupy the floor until the expiration
of one hour from the time when he commenced
his remarks.
Mr. CUTTING. My friend and colleague
seems to be under the impression that I have re-
fused to allow him to make a remark. I did not
so intend. I hope he will take the floor,now if
he wishes to do so.
Mr. CUMMING. I am much obliged to my
colleague, and will avail myself of his courtesy.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chand-
ler] has read to the committee a statement from
one of the first merchants in the United States','
in which he says that Collins &Co. have received
only $300,000 for insurance on the Arctic. Now,
if those gentlemen did not take the precaution to
insure their vessel for what she was worth, they
deserve to lose.
Mr. CHANDLER. I said no such thin" as
that; I said that that was the amount now due,
and which hod not been paid.
Mr. CUMMING. Very well; but that amount
does not come up to what you said the other ves-
sels had cost.
Mr. CHANDLER. I said that that was the
amount now due. The balance has been paid.
Mr. CUMMING. How much was the in-
surance ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not know.
Mr. CUTTING. That was it, $300,000.
Mr. CUMMING. I am much obliged to my
colleague for yielding me the floor.
Mr. CUTTING resumed the floor.
Mr. BRECKINRDIGE. If the gentleman from
New York will yield the floor to me 1 would say
a single word.
Mr. CUTTING. Certainly.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I have looked into
the paper which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Chandler] has read, and I wish to call the
attention of that gentleman and the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cutting,] to the fact, first,
that it is a statement furnished to private friends
by one of the stockholders of" the company; thut it
is not an official statement; that it is not even a
worn statement; that it does not contain a single
item except those of the losses which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has mentioned; that there
is no account of receipts to balance that of the
expenditure; and that, taken in the whole, it should
have no authority whatever on this floor as an
exhibit of the affairs of this company.
Mr. CUTTING. I have never seen the state-
ment, and never heard of it till now; and I am
not disposed to enter into any debate as to whether
that statement, or that of the Postmaster General
is more accurate. The latter was, in my judg-
ment, grossly inaccurate, and I think that ail these
statements which come in in this way, without
any means of verifying them, oueht not to receive
so much attention as they seem likely to obtain.
I think this case stands upon broader grounds lhan
upon such arithmetic of the Post Office Depart-
ment as we have had placed before us.
Now, Mr. Chairman, one more point. The
gentleman from Kentucky has stated that these
steamers were not entitled to the consideration of
l the committee as respects the extra compensation,
| because the idea of their being fitted for use a.i
j.war steamers is an entire delusion. I beg to say
i that, at the time the contract of Mr. Collins was
made, there was a specification prepared with the
utmost minuteness, setting forth the exact size
and dimensions of every timber, of all the plank-
ing, of the floors, and of every part of the vessel,
drawn up cither by the Navy Department, or
corrected and agreed to by it, as being such a
