1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
779
specification as, if followed, make these vessels
convertible into war steamers. Mr. Collins, in
good faith, took this specification from the Navy
Department. That Department also appointed
Commodore Perry to superintend the building of
these vessels, according to the specifications.
That distinguished officer witnessed, from day to
day, the building of the ships, and knew whether
or not the contract and specifications were being
fulfilled. Desides that, Captain William Skiddy
—than whom, in my judgment, an abler ship-
wright and mechanic does not live—was specially
employed by the War Office, as an associate with
Commodore Perry, to watch the building of
these vessels. They were built according to the
specifications, and were certified to have been con-
structed in substantial accommodations by both
of the Government superintendents. Commodore
Perry had previously superintended the building
of the Mississippi frigate and of the Missouri steam
frigate, and had a more intimate knowledge of
steamships than any one whom I know belonging
to the Navy. This specification, so prepared or
approved by the Department, was fulfilled by
Mr. Collins, so that both Commodore Perry and
Captain Skiddy reported that the vessels came up
to the requirements.
Now, I ask, if, at the end of four or five years,
certain officers of our Navy suggest that these
steamers might have been built stronger, or in a
different manner, does it lie in the mouth of the
Government—does it lie in the mouth of Congress—
to impute to Mr. Collins, or to his vessels, any
failure or inadequacy, when they were built as the
Government specification required they should be
built, and when they were reported by the Gov-
ernment officers as coming up to the terms of the
contract? It seems to me that this is unjust in the
highest degree. But, Mr. Chairman, will any
gentleman, with the European war before him,
gay that these strong, powerful, swift steamers of
Mr. Collins may not become most efficient vessels
in time of war, when it is of the utmost utility to
transport troops with dispatch? What would the
British Government have done without the ships
of the Cunard line, and of others like them ? What
would the French Government have done but for
mail steamers altogether inferior to the Collins
steamers 111 point of size and power? Why, sir,
as soon as the war broke out, seventy mercantile
steam vessels were taken up by the War Depart-
ment, and are now performing war service better,
for practical purposes, than any frigates of the
Navy. And the committee will observe, here
were two countries—France and England—each
of which had a numerous navy of steam ships,
and yet they found that the Cunard vessels, and
others of that class, were better fitted for certain
purposes, in carrying on the war, than those
which belonged to them; and, therefore, they pre-
feried not to use navy steamers, and to hire, at
great expense, the Cunarders and others, for the
purpose of doing what they could do better than
the regular national vessels.
Nobody has disputed that, while the Collins
ships, with side wheels, cannot carry as heavy a
battery as propellers, they can carry two Paixhan
guns of ten or eleven inch bore, and ten of medium
caliber. And I ask whether, for purposes of sloops,
and particularly for purposes to which they are
now employed by England, these vessels are not
altogether adequate to some of the necessities
which war imperiously requires ?
Again: I assert that the difference between the
postage received by the Government and the
money which Government appropriates to this
line, is not more than it would cost the Govern-
ment to keep in commission, for one year, a steam
frigate' of three thousand tons burden. I call
upon gentlemen who know more about these mat-
ters than I do, to say if it is not true that it would
cost the Government to keep in commission, for
one year, a steam frigate of three thousand tons,
more than the difference between what the Gov-
ernment receives from the ocean postage and what
it pays to Mr. Collins? And for that difference
the Government has, at all times, at its command
first-class steamers for sudden emergencies. 1
want to know, if it became necessary, at an instant,
to send out a force to Cuba, or if it were necessary
to send a force, on a sudden emergency, to any
part of the Gulf, would there be a vessel selected
by the War Department for such purpose so
quickly, and with so little hesitation, as one of
these Collins steamers? We do not want all our
war vessels to be line of battle ships, or first-class
frigates. We want sloops—small vessels; and we
want, above all, such vessels as these of the Col-
lins line to be employed as transports?
Now, one word as to the postage. I must say,
Mr. Chairman—and I put it without any disre-
spect whatever—that never have I seen such a
confused mass of figures as the report of the Post-
master General presents in regard to these ocean
steamers. It would require a far better accountant
than X am to make out from this return the exact
amount of postage received on the Collins line.
The statement made by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
which, I understand, he obtained from the Auditor
of the Post Office Department, is altogether differ-
ent from the results of the reports of the Post-
master General in any way by which I can get the
figures together. I tried them this morning in
various ways, but the difficulty lies far deeper. I
must further say, that, if I comprehend this report
correctly in another respect, it little agrees with
the high position that this country ought to have
assumed with reference to this question of postage
with Great Britain. When a small, insignificant
town like San Juan, offends our Government, it
is laid in ashes. When a weak and insignificant
Power like Spain, magnificent only for the past,
offends us, we at once demand satisfaction.
In 1847, I think it was, there was a postal
treaty entered into with Great Britain, by which
she contracted to make certain arrangements with
reference to the transportation of themails. Every-
body knows what shuffling, year after year,took
place in the Post Office Department of the Eng-
lish Government upon that subject; and we have
submitted to it—I will not say tamely, because
that might be construed into a disrespectful ex-
pression. In the year 1855, after having ex-
hausted all negotiation upon the subject, there is
still a discrimination made by Great Britain of
six and a fourth cents against us upon each and
every letter weighing a quarter of an ounce or less
mailed in Paris, or anywhere upon the continent,
coming via Liverpool to this country, if they go
by the Cunard line of steamers. The people of
the continent naturally choose the cheapest con-
veyance for their correspondence. The Cunard
line make trips once a week, the Collins line once
a fortnight. The Cunard line carry letters from
the continent free from the tax of six and a fourth
cents; and, of course, they carry the greatest
number of letters. I get these facts from the last
report of the Postmaster General.
In this state of the case gentlemen ask why it is
that the postages received by the Collins line do
not come up to those received by the Cunard line.
The former are the finer and faster ships of the
two. Why is it, then, gentlemen ask, when the
Collins steamers are so much sought after, and
when they can carry intelligence so much faster,
that the amount of postages received by them falls
far short of that of the Cunard line. It is because
this Government has allowed the great, imperious
and formidable power of Great Britain to make an
unjust and illiberal distinction, and in the face of
treaty stipulations to tax American steamers with
six and one fourth cents additional postage. This
Government ought to compel the British Govern-
ment to observe the faith of treaties. I think that
a country like our own, containing a population
of from twenty-six to twenty-eight millions of
people, ought always to be more determined and
more exacting in matters of contest between us
and the greatest Power on earth, than when we
have to deal with those who are incapable of de-
fending themselves, much less of harming us.
So much for the question of postages. I under-
stood the gentleman who is at the head of the Post
Office Committee to say yesterday that the post-
ages by the Collins line have been greatly increas-
ing, and that for the last year they had increased
to §400,000. .
Mr. OLDS. Three hundred and ninety thou-
sand dollai'3.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentleman
from New York allow me to make a single remark.
The net revenue of all ocean postages received from
the Collins line, deducting the commissions paid
to* your postmasters and your inland postage, for
the last fiscal year, according to the report of the
Postmaster General, is §153,377 61.
Mr. CUTTING. I understand that 83 the
amount received by the Government directly from
the Collins steamerB,but he does not..creu|t.the
amount the British Government is bound to pay
for letters carried by the Cunard line. " "
Mr. JONES. With the gentleman's permission,.
I will make a further remark. As I understand it,
we do not get one farthing from any letters carried
by the Cunard line. How is the postage made
up ? The postage upon a letter mailed in England
to this country, is twenty-four cents, and the
person mailing it there pays that sum. The letter
is sent here by the Cunard line, and then there are
three cents of the twenty-four that; belong to, the
British Government for inland postage, and there
are sixteen of the twenty-four cents belonging to
the British Government for ocean postage. They
pay to our post office five out of the twenty-four
cents for the inland postage of the United States,
and we get no postage by the ocean service of the
Cunard line.
Mr. OLDS. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from New York, I will read an extract
from a statement furnished by the Auditor of the
Post Office Department, in reply to a communica-
tion I addressed to the Postmaster General, calling
for information upon this question of postages.
I read in this statement, " that, for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1854, the postages by
the Cunard line were $589,160 65; the United
States portion $122,741 80."
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I wish to know of
the Chair how long the gentleman from New
York is to occupy the floor?
The CHAIRMAN. Till five minutes of four
o'clock.
Mr. OLDS. I will now finish my statement.
The postage received by the Collins line was
$£65,407 75. The United States portion of that
was &232,231 78. There was received by the
closed mails of the Collins line, $33,599 80. Post-
age received on newspapers by the Collins line,
$8,909 58. Now add to the. postage received by
the Collins line the twenty per cent, allowed by
the postal treaty between this country and Great
Britain, and take off the twenty per cent, from
the postage by the Cunard line, and we have the
total credit to the Collins line, for the year 1854,
of #397,481 96.
Mr. CUTTING. I must hasten through with
what I have to say. All I have to say is this,
however this account may stand, if this Govern-
ment will insist that England shall show fair play,-
antl allow our letters to go at the same rate as with
theirs, it cannot but be that superior speed will
gain the victory, and then our postage will exceed
that of the British. But if you put a discrimina-
ting tax, to our prejudice upon every letter of less
than an ounce in weight, ysu drive the letters into*
the British mail bags.
The gentleman from Kentucky says he objects
to this system of ocean mail steamers. I must
say, if it had been in the power of this country to
have prevented it, I should have been among the
first to have seconded. that effort, and I now say
that there is nothing about which this Government
can employ itself ao profitably as to endeavor to
effect an arrangement with Great Britain that
when these contracts shall have expired, the two
Governments should make no contracts whatever
for mail steamers unless they stipulate, to carry
neither passengers nor freight, thereby bringing
them do'wn to mere mail carriers, and not carriers
of passengers.
But when you have once commenced a system,
and have induced the building of vessels, and
made contracts, you must not turn around in the
space of four or five years, and say you will no
longer continue it with those you have made a
contract with. You must not destroy contractors
under a system, because you dislike it. This is
not the time to discontinue extra compensation
Mr. Collins. Under the act of 1852, it is true,
this Government reserved the power to give notice
of terminating this extra compensation. But the
exercise of power ought always to be reasonable.
It is not a mere arbitrary thing. Menhave bought
stock, and invested capital upon the faritn that the
Government would not disturb this contract, unless
there was some good reason for so doing, before
the expiration of the contract, 1 as c you wilt
you pick out this time of all others, m the hour
and day of the calamities of this company; at a
time when the noblest of their -vessels has been
lost, under circumstances which filled so many
