784
'THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17.
the last war with Great Britain, not required under the
provisions thereof, may be applied to the same purpose for i
the year ending June 30,1853. '
The House agreed to this amendment, and also
to the third amendment of the Senate, which was
to amend the title of the bill by adding, " and for
other purposes."
The second amendment of the Senate waa to
add:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the widows of
the officers, non-commissioned officers, marines, or mari-
ners, who served in the Navy of the United States during
the revolutionary war, and who were married since the Ut
day of January, 1H)J, shall be entitled to pensions m tile
same manner, and to the same extent, as the widows of
officers and soldiers of the army of the Revolution, under
the second set tion of the act of February 3, 1853; and the
pensions granted by this act, and those under said second
section of the act of February 3,1853, shall commence on
the 4th of March, 1848.
The House agreed to this, with an amendment,
to strike out " and the pensions granted by this
act, and those under said second section of the act
of February 3, 1853, shall commence on the 4th
of March, 1848." The question is on concurring
in this action of the House, as recommended by
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HUNTER. The reason for that amend-
ment, which the Committee on Finance recom-
mend the Senate to concur in, is given in a letter
from the Commissioner of Pensions, which I ask
to have read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Pension* Office, December 26, 1854.
Sir: I have received your note ofthe 23d instant, calling
my attention to the amendments,adopted t>y the Senate, tu
the bill making appropriation for the payment of invalid
and other pensions of the United States for the year ending
the 30 h day of Juno, 1836, and asking me to furnish yoii
with an estimate of the amount of money necessary to meet
it? requirements, and also an explanation ot its provisions,
and us effect on our pension &y*tem.
The amendment in quesuou consists oftwo propopi'ions.
The first extends the benefit-? ofihe provision ot the second
section of'the act ot February J, 185J, to the widows of the
officer*, nou commissioned officer:*, manners, and marines
who served in the Navy of the United States duiingthe
revolutionary war. The second proposition requires all
pensions under said section to be made to commence on the
4th day of M.uch, 1818. The elfeet of tne first proposition
will be an addition of alout twenty-live pert-oil* to ihe pen-
sion list, whose annual stipend will amount to about S'^,000.
This proportion hatmomzes entirely with all former pen-
sion acts relating to the widows of officeis and soldiers of
the revolutionary war, and is requued to supply an acci-
dental omission m the act of Febiuary 3,1K>3.
The second proposition will give to each pensioner under (
the second section of iheaetofFebruaiy 3,1833, an amount [
equal to the pension of such person for a period of. four j
years and eleven momhs. The amount to each pensioner t
will vary from %9 33 to S*J,950, according to the amount of !
peiiMon to winch they aro now ie«-pectively entitled. This !
Departmeni lias decided that the second section of the act |
of February 3, ltio3, is a new law; tfi.it it creates a new |
cla*s 01 pensioners not before; entitled, and being silent as 1
to file tune when iu benefits are to commence ; that it is ^
controlled b\T the opinion of the Attorney General, d<cted ,
October 24, i83o ; arid, consequently, that it can confer no ]
right anterior 1o Ujinssagc. AH pensions under it have, i
thorefoic, been made to commence on the day the act was (
appioved ;
The number of persons ahcady admitted to the pension !
joll under this act, i-. two thousand five hundred and forty-j
five.. The number of applications su-pended, most ot
which will yet be admitted., i  two hundred and eighty-six. |
Applications are now being piesented at the rate of some- j
thins over biuy a month. !r is, therefore, manifest that the j
number of pensioners under this section will soon exceed i
three thousand. The average annual stipend to these |
pensioners is a trifle over eighty dollars. 11 will require, I
therefore, at least, $24),000 to pay these pensioners one '
year; SI,180.000 to pay them for the time specified m the i
proposed amendment. Besides, the husbands of many ot |
tin-^e pensioners have lived since the 4th of March, 1848, 1
and have received their pensions to the time of then death, j
Tins amendment will give to these widows a pen-ion for •
the suinu tune their husband received theirs, which has I
heretofore been prohibited by law. j
j have thus endeavored to answer your inquiries as con- <
cisely a-i po>sible, and while I would not uree one obicction j
to the adoption ot tins amendment, f wou'd mo*t earnestfy j
requ.-st that in ca;-e the Hou^u of Representatives concur j
wuh the Senate, that you will take the proper measures to ;
have the bill lor the payment of invalid and other pensions ;
turther amended, so as to appropiiate a sufficient sum to ;
meet the mcieascd demand under this act, winch will be .
not ies< than ,$1,000,000. 1
I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, L. P. WALDO. Commissioner.
Hon. R. M. T. IJuhtkr, United States Senator.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to suggest to the
Senator from Maine, that he had probably better j
make the question in regard to this provision on
the bill reported by the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Jones,] which was laid over unt:l Monday. Let
us have the appropriation bill finally passed, and
if we are to have this additional legislation, let it
be done on the other bill. I called this up, hoping
to have it disposed of to-day, and let the question
come up on the other bill.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on con-
curring m the amendment of the Mouse.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 wish to ask the Senator from
Virginia a question. The widows of revolution-
ary soldiers were entitled to a certain pension.
In many instances, the former incumbent of the
Pension Office determined, after the death of the
soldier who had been in the receipt of a pension,
which was granted upon sufficient and satisfac-
tory testimony's that it required additional testi-
mony from the widow to secure her pension. So
unjust was that decision, that in 1848 Congress
passed a law making the granting of the pension
to the deceased husband sufficient evidence of his
services. In conformity with the previous unjust
and illiberal construction, the Pension Office de-
termined that where the widow had died, after the
death of the husband, before the passage of the
law of 1848, the heirs were not entitled to it.
The law was based upon the ground that an im-
proper construction had been given to the rights
of the parties; and if I understand the amendment
correctly, it was to obviate that difficulty. If so,
I am opposed to concurring in the action of the
House. That law was based exclusively upon
the ground that the testimony upon which the
original pension was granted should be taken as
conclusive evidence. Rights became vested under
that. The construction of the Pension Office was
illiberal, unjust, and a palpable violation of the
intention of Congress. Congress passes a law.
The Department thinks proper to legislate upon
it; refuses to carry out the palpable intention of
Congress, and compels Congress to open the door
wider and wider, and wider and wider continu-
ally. That course has cost this Government
more than all other causes put together. If 1
am not mistaken in the amendment of the Sen-
ate, which 1ms been disagreed to by the House, I
hope the action of the House will not be concurred
in, and that a committee of conference will be
secured, so as to maintain the rights which were
declared by that act.
Mr. HUNTER, TheSenator from Mississippi
is mistaken. The amendment does not relate to
the case which he suggests. In 1853 there was
a provision passed giving the widows of the offi-
cers of the army of the Revolution five years'
pension. The amendment proposed to put those
of the Navy upon the same footing, which was
not done in the act of 1853, and to ailow them to
receive back pensions from 1848. It has nothing
to do with the testimony. It only relates to these
arrearages of pensions. The House agreed to so
much of the amendment as proposed to put the
widows of those who served m the Navy upon the
same footing as those of the Army, and disagree
to the other part which proposed to give thearrear-
ages of pensions for nearly five.years.
Mr, IIAML1N. This is an important ques-
tion-, and I should be very glad if I could get the
attention of the Senate while 1 state, as briefly as 1
can, the reasons which I think should induce us
to insist upon this provision. Let me inquire of
the Chair if it is now m order to submit a motion
to insist upon the amendment of the Senate, or
rather to disagree to the amendment of the House
to it, and ask for a. conference ? Will not that
have priority over a motion to concur?
Mr. HUNTER. The motion which terminates
the contest, ha3 priority over the one which pro-
longs it.
Mr. HAMLTN. Very well; I move that the
Senate disagree to the amendment of the House,
and ask a conference.
Mr. HUNTER. The motion which I sub-
mitted, ui>der direction of the Committee on
Finance, would terminate the contest, and, there-
fore, has priority over that of the Senator from
Maine, which would prolong it. That is the rule.
Mr. HAMLIN. If it is not in order to make
the motion which I indicated, I hope the Senate
will disagree to the recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. G WIN. If this matter is about to lead to
discussion I trust the Senator will give wayK and
let the bill go over until Monday.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think I shall not occupy
more than ten minutes.
Mr. GWIN. But the Senator will be replied
to by others, and thus the discussion will be
continued.
I am very anxious that the unfinished business
of Thursday—the Pacific railroad: bill—shall be
taken up and disposed of to-day. I had no idea,
that this matter would lead to discussion, or I
should have objected to its consideration. I hope
the Senator from Virginia will consent that the
bill shall go over until Monday.
Mr. HUNTER. Under the circumstances I
will not insist, as it was the general understand-
ing that this bill should not interfere with other
business this morning.
Mr. GWIN. I move that the further consid-
eration of this bill be postponed until Monday.
The motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. GWIN. I now move that we proceed to
the consideration of the unfinished business of
Thursday—the bill for the construction of a rail-
road from the valley of the Mississippi to the Pa-
cific ocean.
Mr. CLAY. I thought there was an under-
standing between the Senator from California and
myself on Thursday last that to-day should be
devoted to the consideration of the bill to extend
a credit of three years to railway companies to
pay for duties on railroad iron. I-trust that he
will not now break that agreement.
Mr. GWIN. At the time to which the Sena-
tors refers, I supposed that the rule setting apart
Friday for private bills had been repealed, ahd
that this bill would come up yesterday as unfin-
ished business, and be then disposed of. I was
informed on that morning that the rule had been
repealed, a resolution for the purpose having been
submitted on the previous day. I never knew
otherwise until I came into the Senate Chamber
yesterday. The Senate will recollect, however,
that when the proposition to which the Senator
from Alabama alludes was made, the Senator from
Maryland, [jVIr. Pratt,] and others, objected to
any bargains at all, as they wished to debate the
question. I said simply,"that, so far as I waa
concerned, I did not wish to debate it. I hope,
now, there will be no contest between these two
great measures. The friends of the one are, to a
great extent, the friends of the other; and T am
confident that, if we take up the unfinished busi-
ness this morning, it will be disposed of to-day.
Let me tell the Senator from Alabama that some
of the best friends of the measure which I seek to
have considered are in favor of this bill, and will
urge its passage, and I hope there will be no con-
flict between them.
The PRESIDENT. The Senate adjourned on
Thursday last, leaving as unfinished business, Sen-
ate bill No 273, for the construction of a railroad
from the valley of the Mississippi to the Pacific
ocean.
The time for the consideration of the special
orders having arrived, that bill is, therefore, now
before the Senate, as m Committee of the Whole,
without any motion.
Mr. CLAY. As it is a matter of life or death,
I think, with either of these measures to be con-
sidered at once, and, as I believe, to defer the bill
which I desire to have taken up, will result inev-
itably in its defeat in the other House, even if it
should pass here, which I consider certain, I move
now to postpone until Monday the consideration
of the unfinished business, with a view of taking
up the bill to give a credit of three years for the
payment of duties on railroad iron.
Mr. DOUGLAS. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 am very much opposed,
to the bill indicated by my friend from Alabama,
but I feel bound from courtesy to vote for his
motion. While 1 was absent, he, and other gen-
tlemen, forbore to press the bill which he now
desires to have taken up. I am opposed to that
measure, and when it is taken up I shall be
obliged to debate it still further, and I have no
doubt it will lead to prolonged discussion. For
that reason, I hope his motion will not prevail,
although I feel bound, through^courtesy, to vote
for it myself.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, AHen, Befi, Brodhead, Brown,
Butler, Chase, Clay, Clayton, Cooper, Dawson, Evans,
Fiizpatrick, Gillette, Hunter, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee,
Mason, Morto«,r<juit,Sebasuan,Sumaer,Walker, Wells,
and Wilson—25,
