1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
787
ing state of things. The discovery of gold, first
in California, and shortly afterwards in Australia,
were the means by which American labor was to
be raised from its prostrate condition. This relief
came in a roundabout way; it came through the
emigration of laborers in great numbers from Eng-
land and Wales to California and Australia. Pov-
erty and a life of toil, their only prospects at home,
against the visions of wealth to be obtained by
migrating to the modern El Dorado, or Ophir, were
too tempting to be resisted; and hence the crowds
of laborers who flocked to the one or the other, in
tlje hope of finding fortune in its golden streams.
This exodus from what they regarded as a life-
bondage at home, was so great as seriously to affect
the price of labor in England, which, in the course
of a year or two, rose more than fifty per centum,
especially on the rates paid to furnace and mining
hands. This, together with the increased demand
for iron, both here and in Europe, where the old
enterprises, abandoned at the breaking out of the
revolutions in 1848, were, two or three years since,
revived, has been a principal cause for the rise in
price, and the consequent restoration of a tempor-
ary prosperity to this important branch of our
national industry.
Another cause for the increase which took
place in the price of iron, is the great variety of
uses to^ which it is now put. It is employed
largely in building houses, and still more largely
in building ships. During the year 1853, out of
one hundred and fifty three steam vessels built in
Great Britain, one hundred and seventeen were of
iron; and during the same period, eight sailing
vessels were constructed of this material. The
Three Bells, so celebrated on account of the
humanity, gal!antry,and self-sacrificing spirit dis-
played by her captain and crew, in standing by
the iil-fated San Francisco in her perilous extrem-
ity, was an iron vessel, built on the Clyde. Every
day is exhibiting its adaptation to some new pur-
pose. A great many at tides of furniture, con-
structed formerly of wood, are now madeof iron.
It has been latterly extensively substituted for
marble, especially for mantel-pieces, bedsteads,
slabs for pier and dressing tables. It is used in
paving streets, making fences, and, as the honest
Irishman said, even in making " mile-stones."
Its application to all these purposes necessarily
increased the demand for it, and constquently the
price.
And now, Mr. President, what do we see? This
branch of industry to which relief was constantly
denied during the years of low prices and pros-
tration, under the influence of an unwise and per-
nicious system (if I may so call it) of legislation
—a class of our people, who, by the legislation
of 1842, had been induced to invest their means
in erecting furnaces and forges for the manufac-
ture of iron, and who, partly or wholly ruined by
the operation of the act of 1846, have been labor-
ing—and some of them successfully—to retrieve
their broken fortunes during the sunshine of a
brief season of prosperity, already passed away,
are met by a proposition on the part of Congress
to undo what accidental circumstances have done
to aid them in recovering their losses, and in rising
from their multiplied misfortunes. Congress, that
was deaf to their prayers for relief in the day of
their greatest need, will it now, at the call of their
enemies, or of a few corporations, put forth its
hand to pull down what it had previously refused
to build up, on the plea that the legislation of 184G
was not to be disturbed > This would be for the
parent to give his children a stone when they
asked for bread. It would be unjust, cruel, and
unnatural!
But who is it that asks Congress to strike a new
blow at the iron interest of the country, so ex-
tensive and important? Do the people ask for the
sacrifice of the interests and momentarily revived
prosperity of a portion of their country men, so long
unfortunate? No, sir; no. It is not the people.
The pcopieare justand generous, and would rather
suffer some inconvenience themselves that step for-
ward and ask that a class of their brethren, who
have been for years struggling with adversity,
should be plunged deeper into it by legislation.
No, sir; it is not tue people who ask for the legis-
lation contemplated at this time. A suspension of
the payment of duties on iron is desired by rail-
road companies, on the plea that railroad improve-
ments minister to the prosperity of all classes of
the community, and especially to those of th
farmer and land owner. I do not deny that rail-
roads and canals serve to develop the resources
of the country generally, and entiance the value
of lands favorably situated. But, Mr. President,
1 object to special legislation—to legislation which
directly benefits one class of the community at
the expense of another. There is no reason
why rail road corporations should be entitled to
any special sympathy at the hands of Congress;
and I cannot see why the duties should not be
suspended on that kind of iron which is used in
the construction of the farmers' plow and other
implements of husbandry, as well as on iron for
railroads. Why should railroad companies be
exempt from the taxation (so the fi lends of the
measure call it) to which the mass of the people
are subject? On what principle are corporations
entitled to privileges which are denied to individ-
uals ? I pr#]3£und this question especially to my
Democratic friends, ana I will expect them to
answer it; and, what is of more importance to
them, they will have to answer it to the people—
to their constituents.
I know, Mr. President, I shall receive the old,
stale, threadbare answer—old, stale, and thiead-
bare, because no better can be devised—that the
people are deeply interested in railroads, because
they add value to their lands, open a way to mar-
ket, and thus enhance the price of their products.
But, sir, are the people not interested in cheap
iron to make their plows and harrows, and reap-
ing machines, and wagons, and every other imple-
ment of which iron Jormsapart? is the faimer
not as much interested in procuring cheap cloth,
and shoes, and hats, for himself and his family,
as railroad companies in procuring cheap iron tor
their roads? If he can buy his implements of \
husbandry, and clothing for himself end family,
at cheap rates, will not his profits at the end of
the year be greater than if he paid high rates? I
suppose nobody will doubt this. Well, sir, is it
not that their profits will be greater at the end
of the year, that railroiid companies have been
endeavoring to procure cheap iron, by obtaining
either a remission of the duties, or a credit for
their payment ? j
Now, Mr. President, permit me to ask, why
should not Congress legislate to increase the profits i
of farmers and others, laboring to make money by !
means of individual industry,as well as to increase !
the profits of railroad corporations for the same |
purpose? It will not satisfy the people to tell '
them the old, stale, threadbare story—that they
derive great incidental advantages from having
railroads built at cheap rates. In the first place,
they will give you to understand tbat they have
as good a right to direct advantages as the railroad
companies, tor whose benefit you are called on to j
legislate; and in the second place, they will ven- j
ture to express to you their doubts, whether they J
will be earned themselves, or have their produce |
carried a whit cheaper, even if your bounty to the \
railroads should be double what they ask in the j
shape of a credit or a remission of the duty upon j
Iron. And, as for the enhanced value of their ■
lands, they will tell you that while this will doubt- 1
less be the effect as to part, others will reap none
of the benefits, whilst a third class will be dimin-
ished in value.
They will also tell you, Mr. President, with
I justice, that by breaking down the manufacturing
establishments of the country, the farmer loses a
market in which he finds a profitable market for
many of his surplus products. In this way, who
that is conversant with the subject, does not know
that he will lose much more by the destruction of
the market affoided by a prosperous condition of
these establishments, than he would gain by any
supposed increase of facilities. In the absence of
markets, increased facilities to reach them, will be
of little avail.
I do not wish, Mr. President, to be understood,
from what I have said, that 1 am opposed to the
construction of railroads, or that they do not serve
to promote the general prosperity of the country.
I only designed to show that whilst these corpora-
tions will receive a directadvantage from the legis-
lation contemplated bythe billwhich isnowpend-
ing, the community- at large will derive but an
indirect advantage from it; and the manufacturers
of iron a positive injury. The legislation which
is proposed is class legislation, which is always
wrong, and has always been condemned by the
advocates of the pending measure.
But, Mr. President, I now come to examine the
subject in another aspect—to inquire whether,
either a reduction of duty, or a credit on its pay-
ment, will serve to promote the object which the
friends of the billhave in view. I am aware that the
immediate object of the bill as it stands, is merely
to obtain a credit from the Government for theduty
on the iron for certain roads. But, I consider a
credit equivalent to a remission of theduty; and
it is in that aspect that I shall consider it. The
object both of the credit and the remission of the
duty is the same—to cheapen the price of the iron
which they need. Will it have this effect to the
extent they expect, or to any extent, is the ques-
tion I propose briefly to examine in the few fur-
ther remarks which i have to submit to the Senate.
I admit, Mr. President, that the companies
seeking a credit, or a postponement of the payment
of the duties on the iron needed by them, will
derive a temporary advantage from this measure,
even though they should hereafter have to pay
them, which it is not likely they ever will. But
1 contend that no permanent advantage is to be
derived, either by a reduction of duties or a sus-
pension of their payment for a limited time.
One of the most universally established laws
of trade, is that the price of any particular article
of commerce is mainly regulated by the state of
its supply and demand. If the supply of an arti-
cle exceeds the demand for it, the price will be
low, because there are more sellers than buyers.
On the other hand, if the demand for an article
should exceed the supply in market, the price
will be high, because there are more buyers than
sellers. Whenever the supply of an article exceeds
the demand for it, the competition to sell is
amongst the holdeis, which gives to the buyers
the power to fix the price; but when the demand
is greater than the supply, the competition is
amongst (he buyers to get the article, and this
gives the sellers the power to fix the price.
In other words, Mr. President, when any arti-
cle is plenty, the price is low; and when it is
scarce, the price is high. And it is from this
almost universal law of trade it often happens that
a short crop, of any staple, sells for more money
than a full one. The history of the cotton trade
for the last fifteen or twenty years, furnishes the
evidence of this fact. This being the law of trade,
principally concerned in the regulation of prices,
is it likely that the passage of the pending measure
will increase the supply of railroad iron ? This is
the question, Mr. President, which it behooves the
friends of the bill to consider; for if it should not
increase it, the price is not likely to be reduced.
The price of iron in Great Britain was, a short
time since, higher than it has been for years; but
causes have lately operated to reduce it, tempo-
rarily at least; but there is nothing in the existing
state of the trade that indicates an increase in the
amount of production. In the large price which
the foreign manufacturers received for their iron a
snort time since, there was spur enough to induce
them to work their furnaces and rolling mills up
to their full capacity, and the existing prices,
although much lower than they were six months
ago, are still sufficient to insure the highest amount
of production. Butindependently of the probability
that present prices will induce them to produce as
much as possible, we know the fact to be so, that
their capacity for production at present is limited,
and that they are capable of supplying little more
than they are now doing.
If this be so, the passage of the bill will not
increase the amount of production in Great Briti&n.
Will it do so here ? Let us inquire.
Under the act of 1833, by which the duty was
brought down by a gradual declination from the.
protective standard to a level rate of twenty per
cent., the production of iron was diminished nearly
one half, and would have been diminished to a
still greater extent but for the act of 1842, by
which an adequate degree of protection was re-
stored. Under this act, (the act of 1842) things
took a favorable turn; the quantity of iron was
greatly increased; the production running up from
less than two hundred thousand tons a year, in
1842, to nearly eight hundred and fifty thousand
tons in 1848. I have before stated, Mr. President,
that, owing to certain causes which I need not
now repeat, the effect of the act of 1846 was post-
poned until 1848, when the interfering causes
having ceased to exist, its own legitimate opera-
tion commenced. From this period, to the close of
