1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
789
this all. Not only have prices fallen under the
operation of high duties, but they have often risen
under the operation of low duties, or no duties;
arid on the very same principle, namely, that high
duties on particular articles induces numbers to-
embark m the business of producing them, thus
creating competition, increasing the supply, and
reducing the price; while, on the other hand, low
duties, or no duties, destroy the confidence of the
manufacturer, cause him to abandon the business,
and, in this way, break down competition, dimin-
ish the supply, and enhance the price. The history
of our tariffs will not permit these statements to be
gainsaid; and while, as a general thing, I admit
that the imposition of protective duties have gene-
rally increased the price of the articles on which
they were levied, in the beginning, the alternate
effect has usually been to reduce the price in the
end, by stimulating domestic competition, improv-
ing the skill of the &rtizan, introducing labor-saving
machinery, and by these means increasing the sup-
ply of the article.
But I will be asked, Mr. President, I doubt not,
why, if low duties tend to increase the price, the
manufacturer uniformly resists them ? The inter-
rogatory contains a good ad captandum, argument,
I admit, but one which is not quite satisfactory to
the statesman who consults experience. The
question, however, is susceptible of an easy an-
swer, and one which the practical man of business
will thoroughly appreciate.
I have already slated that the price of any given
article, though it may be modified by a number of
circumstances, is mamly regulated by the state of
supply and demand; the cost of its production,
having much less effect on its price than is usually
believed. Let us suppose that in Great Britain,
the cost of manufacturing a ton of railroad iron is
£f> or $25; and in this country, owing to the higher
price ot capital, labor, and some of the most im-
portant materials enteiing into its production, it
is <£7 or $35. Suppose further, that the freight
and other charges on a ton of iron from Liverpool
to New Yoik or Philadelphia amounts to £1 12s.
or 18, this, added to the $25, the estimated cost of
production, would make the whole cost of the
article $33 per ton, or $2 less than it costs the
American manufacturer to produce it at his own
works, without saying anything of the cost of
transportation from the point where it is made to
the market where it is sold, which is often but
little less than the cost of transportation across the
Atlantic. Under this state of facts, without aduty,
it is clearly apparent that the American manufac-
turer could not contend with his foreign compet-
itor, even in the markets of his own country. But
if you impose a duty, say of $10 per ton, on the
foreign article, the manufacturer here is then able
to go on, put up his furnace and rolling mill, and
compete successfully with his foreign rival, because
he knows that the duty, added to the price, will
enable him to live; and that by perfecting his
machinery, and improving his skill, his profits
will be increased, and that he will not be at the
mercy of a foreign system, which denies to labor
an adequate reward, and makes unaided competi-
tion, on his part, hopeless and destructive.
But, suppose again, that prices are as I have
Stated, it is then clear that there can be no competi-
tion with the foreign manufacturer, and that he will
have the market to himself, what will be the con-
sequence? Do you think he will content himself
with a reasonable profit, and not seek the highest
prices he can obtain? Everybody knows that he
will exact the utmost farthing, and that, having
no competition here, he will be able to fix his own
price, and compel the American consumer to pay
it, or do without the article.
Here, then, Mr. President, is the reason why
the domestic manufacturer is in favor of adequate
duties. He knows that if proper duties be charged
on the foreign article, he can safely go on with
his business, though his profits may be small,
while if the duties be greatly reduced, or entirely
suspended, he must abandon his business, give
way to the foreign manufacturer, who will then
have the field to himself, and be able to ask exor-
bitant prices, which the consumer here will be
obliged to pay. This, sir, 1 repeat, is the reason
why the manufacturer resists low duties, at the
same time that he knows they often result in in-
creasing the price of the article on which they
are imposed. But this increase of price comes too
late to benefit him. It does not take place until
he has been broken down, and the foreign manu-
facturer is in possession of the field, in which he
has no competitor to curb his-exorbitant demands.
It is to prevent such a state of things, to pre-
vent the breaking down and turning adrift with-
out employment that portion of the one hundred
thousand laborers now at work, at fair wages, in
the furnaces, forges, foundries, and rolling mills of
the United States, and a great many of whom will
be discharged if another revulsion in this branch of
of business should take place, as will be the case
sooner or later, if the policy contemplated by the
measure which is now pending should be adopted.
1 wish to preserve to the farmer of the country
a good market for his surplus products, and fair
wages to the laborer, which his employer cannot
pay him whilst he is obliged to compete, unaided
by a duty, with the foreign manufacturer, who
purchases labor at European rates.
I am not content, Mr. President, to see the
American laborer toiling for the wretched pittance
with which the foreign laborer is obliged to be
satisfied, and especially for the benefit ol corpora-
tions abler to bear an increase of price, even if such
were to be the necessary result of leaving the
present law unrepealed, than for him to endure a
diminution of wages. I admit, sir, that by reduc-
ing wages to the European standard, the Ameri-
can manufacturer might be able to compete with
his foreign rival without the aid of protecting
duties. But m what condition would such a rate
of compensation place the laborer here? He
might, it is true, still realize wherewithal to pur-
chase a little scanty raiment to cover his own and
his family's nakedness; he might still afford
enough of coarse food to prevent himself and them
from enduring thepinchings of hunger. But this
is not enough. He has been accustomed to more
and better. He has not only been able to give
his family sufficient and palatable food, but also
to provide them with comfortable and decent
clothing, so that when his six days of toil were
done, and the Sabbath come, he and they might
go, neatly and becomingly clad, to kneel together
in the house of God to thank him for the abund-
ance wherewith he had blessed them. If it were
for nothing else than the soothing and humaniz-
ing influences wrought upon the laboring man by
his ability to fit his family to appear at church in
becoming apparel, on the Sabbath day, it would
be the duty of Government, as far as practicable,
to enable him to do so. How much better that
he should bow down with a heart void of offense,
content and hopeful, than in ^bitterness of spirit,
resentful of the world's injustice, looking on his
fellow men as harsh taskmasters, exacting and
oppressive in their requirements?
But, in this country, the laborer ought not only
to be able to feed and clothe his family, but to
educate his children and fit them for the "duty of
citizens; and in this the Government itself is in-
terested, for it is to the virtue and intelligence of
the people that it must look for its own success and
permanency.
To deal with labor, and afford it a proper degree
of encouragement, is a problem with every Gov-
ernment, and one which becomes more difficult to
solve as population increases. This much, how-
ever, experience has taught, that the more indirect
the encouragement the more efficacious it has
proved. Stimulants to industry are better than
direct relief; and what stronger stimulant to the
father than to know, that his toil will not be una-
vailing, and that as the fruit of it his children may
be educated and qualified not only for the duty of
citizens, but for the attainment of the highest hon-
ors of the Republic, to which worth and talents,
however humble their origin, are invited by the
genius of our noble institutions? What strength
will it not impart to the father's arm, what endur-
ance must it not lend to, his perseverance, to be
assured that his labor, if diligently pursued, and
the fruit of it judiciously applied, will open to his
children a prospect so rich in promise? Toil,
sweetened by such reflections, is divested of the
bitterness of the original curse, that " in the sweat
of his face shall man eat his bread until he return
to the ground." Let us then encourage labor by
holding out to it a just reward for itself, and hope
for its children.
But, Mr. President, I do not resist the passage
nf the pending measure because I regard the ex-
isting law as a wise and judicious one. The ad
valorem principle upon which it is based 13 radi-
cally erroneous, and has,as I Dave stated already,
been repudiated by almost every commercial coun-
try. In Great Britain, more than ninety-nine per
cent, of the upwards of <£22,000,000 of impost
duties, is raised by specific charges; and less than
one per cent, is assessed upon the value of the ar-
ticle; that is to say, on the ad valorem principle.«
Under the ad valorem system, frauds are fre-
quent, and their prevention entirely impracticables
and as to protection to the domestic manufacturer,
it affords him the least when he requires it the
most. The act of 1846 has manifested the justness
of both these objections to our present impost
system, and demonstrated the necessity for a
change. The substitute which I have proposed
for the bill, and which I shall now proceed to ex-
plain, will entirely obviate one of these objections
and afford, I trust, a measurable remedy for the
other.
The principle of this substitute, is, the assump-
tion of a medium or average price for the article
of railroad iron, on which a duty is to be assessed,
and which is to rise as the price of th* article
falls, and vice versa. The price fixed by the bill
is forty dollars per ton at the place of manufacture,
that being ascertained to beabout the average price
of this kind of iron during a series of years.' "The
duty on this price is to be twelve dollars a ton;
but, as I have just stated, is to fall as the price
rises, and rise as the price falls. Thus, when the
price shall rise to forty-one dollars per ton, the
duty is to fall to eleven dollars, and so on until the
price has risen to fifty-two dollars per ton, when
the duty shall cease altogether, and the article be
admitted free. On the other hand, when the price
falls to thirty-nine dollars per ton, the duty is to
rise to thirteen dollars, and so on as the price falls
the duty rises in the same proportion; but in the
assessment of the duty fractions of dollars are not
to be regarded.
It is clear, Mr. President, that by the adoption
of the substitute which I have proposed, several
very important improvements on the existing law
will be secured. In the first place it will serve,
in a great measure, to prevent the constant fluctua-
tions to which the iron trade has been subject, and
which has been almost equally detrimental to the
producer and the consumer. The effect will be t 
keep the price of the article steady, for the bill
provides, that as the price rises the duty shall
fall, and that when the price falls the duty shall
rise. Another effect, and perhaps it is the most
important of all, will be, that it will encourage this
branch of industry, not by securing exorbitant
profits to the manufacturer, but by protecting him
against those sudden depressions in price, which
have heretofore proved so destructive to his inter-
ests. Under laws like the existing one, by which
the price and duty always fall together, he has
been often rendered bankrupt, and compelled to
abandon his business altogether. I have stated
already, in the course of my remarks, that under
the operation of the present law, half the furnaces
and forges in Pennsylvania were obliged to blow
out the fires upon their hearths, turn their hands
adrift, and abandon the field to the foreign manu-
facturer.
But, sir, the adoption of the substitute which I
have proposed will prove as beneficial to the con-
sumer as to the producer. Being protected by the
operation of the law against sudden revulsions and
ruinous depressions in the market, men will not be
afraid to embark their means in the manufacture
of iron as they have heretofore been, and especi-
ally under the existing law. And although the
bill which I have proposed will not hold out the
inducement of exorbitant profits, it will insure a
certain and moderate return upon the capital invest-
ed , and thus encourage individuals and associations
to employ their means in the erection of furnaces,
and forges, and the manufacture of iron; and in
this way the production of the most useful of all
the metab will be largely aud permanently in-
creased. Competition at home will bestimulated,
the skill of our workmen improved, and prices
brought to a standard by which the manufacturer
will thrive, whilst the consumer will be able to
obtain this most necessary article at a fair rate.
Another important advantage, Mr. President, to
be derived from the adoption of this substitute is its
tendency to prevent frauds. Double invoices,one
for the custom-house and the other for the im-
porter, which the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
James] will tell you have been not uncommon
