790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
under the existing law, will be of no avail. The
importer will have no motive for setting down a
lower price in the invoice, than he haa actually
paid; for as the price is reduced in the same propor-
tion will the duty be increased. My amendment
provides that appraisers shall be appointed, who
•vill monthly, or quarterly, as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall direct, fix the price of the iron at
the place of manufacture, and on the price so fixed
the duty will be assessed at the various custom-
houses, without reference to the actual price paid
by the importer. In this way the door wili be
completely closed against fraud, and a most im-
portant and desirable object achieved.
I might, Mr. President, enlarge on the advan-
tages to be derived from the adoption of this
amendment. It would be easy to point out how
largely it would operate to prevent the ruinous
fluctuations which, from time to time, have pros-
trated the iron trade in the United States, and
driven those engaged in it into new pursuits,
making them rivals of the farmer in producing
breadstuff's, instead of being his customers, look-
ing to him for wheat and corn, pork and beef, and
all the other numerous productions of the farm,
and garden, and dairy, to feed their workmen.
But I have already detained the Senate much
longer than I had intended at the outset, and con-
clude by expressing the hope that Congress, who
refused to grant relief when prayed for by the
people, on the ground that it would be unwise to
disturb the act of 1846, will deny the bounty now
sought for by a few corporations, unless the whole
system, as far as it respects railroad iron, should
be modified in the manner proposed by the amend-
ment I have offered. This will give the country
iron at a moderate price, at the same time that it
Will preve-.t the destruction of the domestic pro-
ducer by foreign competition.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, this is a
measure which, in my judgment, is entirely
wrong, and ought not to be pressed upon our con-
sideration. I have sundry amendments which 1
shall feel it my duty to offer before the vote is
taken; but it is not my wish to prolong the dis-
cussion, though, if the Senate are determined to
press it to a vote to-day, I must ask to be heard in
reply to the remarks made on a former occasion
by my distinguished friend from Tennessee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will now, with
the Senator's permission, correct one suggestion
which both he and his colleague have made. I
have been surprised to hear both those Senators
speak about pressing this question, and bringing
in the measure at a late hour of the session. If
gentlemen will refer to the printed bill, they will
see that it was introduced on the 13th of Decem-
ber, the second week of the session. We have
not pressed it; we have waited week after week,
and given its opponents every opportunity in the
world, but now after we have given it to them, when
the session is closing, and we ask for action on the
bill, they say we are forcing it on them. It has
been here during the whole of the session.
Mr. CLAY. And a similar will was pending
at the last session.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I know very well that
these gentlemen introduced the measure at a very
early period of the session, and they have pressed
it with great zeal,and I will add with ability. I
complain that they press it all, because I think it
entirely wrong. 1 do not say that they do not re-
gard it as in the line of their duty; I do not say that
they are pressing it unduly; but I think it ought
not to be urged at all, and of that do I complain.
I have already stated to the Senate that I shall
have sundry amendments to offer to the bill. In
the first place, I shall move to strike out the second
Eection, the object of which is to allow a suspen-
sion of duty on railroad iron now in bond. Why,
sir, that would be a bonus to the English agents
in this country. In the next place, I shall move to
strike out, after " iron rails," the words " spikes,
bolts, fastenings, or other iron." If these com-
panies are to have a credit on rail iron, surely they
do not want it on other descriptions of iron used
in the construction of the railroads. If you are
to take the duty off bolts, fastenings, and spikes,
why not take it off all bar iron, and all iron used
by the farmer and by the artisan ? I shall have
another amendment to offer, the object of which
will be to allow a similar extension of credit to all
importers of goods, wares, and merchandise of
every description under the act of 1846-
This bill, Mr. President, necessarily opens a
discussion of the whole tariff policy of the coun-
try. Surely it cannot be possible that a proposi-
tion of this nature to take the duty off a single
article, thus legislating for a particular interest in
violation of the settled revenue policy of the coun-
try, can prevail here. I have heard, sir, rumors
of arrangement between southern gentlemen of the
free-trade school and those of the protectionist
school in New England. If so, it will not be the
first bargain that has been made between those
sections of the country. However, as I have
already said, I do not desire to prolong the debate,
and 1 therefore move to lay the bill upon the table,
and upon that question I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator to with-
draw that motion, so as to enable me to submit
a question in regard to the remarks which he has
just made.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Certainly, I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to ask him to state,
specifically, if he pleases, what are the arrange-
ments to which he alludes. 1 am a good deal of a
free-trade man myself, but I reside in New Eng-
land, and the probability is that I shall vote for
this bill. As 1 have heard no earthly rumor of a
collusion orbargain, in any way orshape, I should
like a specific declaration from the Senator as to
what he alludes ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have only to state that
I heard there was an arrangement made in the
other House—not here—for the purpose of bring-
ing those hitherto adverse interests together, and
making a compromise between them. 1 do not
say there is anything wrong in it; but I have heard
of such a compromise between the New England
States and the southern States, by which the man-
ufactures in the former were to be benefited, and
this bounty allowed to those engaged m the con-
struction of railroads in the South and Southwest.
Mr. JOHNSON. On the part of those gentle-
men here who are generally considered southern
rights men, extremists—I believe I am regarded as
one of them—I ask the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia to feel no delicacy whatever in completing the
disclosure, so far as those to whom i have re-
ferred may be implicated in any bargain. I have
not heard of it. 1 will vote for the bill on its own
merits. I believe sincerely that the allusion on the
part of the Senator was only an accidental slip of
the tongue, and has no meaning. If so he ought
to say so.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I was only going to say
that if there were any arrangements to be entered
into, I wished to get in myself. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLAY; I do not suppose the Senator has
any evidence whatever, at least not positive testi-
mony, to establish any such charge. It is an im-
putation which is certainly very disreputable to
the parties implicated. I presume, however, that
the impression of the Senator originated in the
circumstance, which I think is pregnant with im-
portant facts, which should be considered by the
Senate, that the manufacturers of iron only, or
those representing that interest in the House of
Representatives refused to agree to any reduction
of the tariff. Whilst the manufacturers of cloths
and other articles were willing to submit to some
reduction, this class resisted, and successfully re-
sisted the taking up of the bill for that purpose.
Mr. DAWSON. Do I understand that there
is a proposition to lay this bill on the table? If
so, this question is not debatable, but I have a
word or two to say to my friend from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I made the motion to lay
on the table, but I have withdrawn it.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not understand the argu-
ment which has been made by both Senatorsfrom
Pennsylvania as illustrative of the proposition
now before us. It does notdiminish to the extent
of one dollar the amount which is to go into the
Treasury from the duties levied upon iron. This
bill is simply to extend the day for the payment
of those duties. At present the duties must be
paid upon the arrival of the iron in our ports.
Sometimes months and almost years elapse before
that iron is laid down and made useful for any
purpose. The object of this bill is to allow the
company to defer the payment of the duties until
the iron shall be put down, so as to gain a benefit
to those who import it. Now, I desire to know
from the Senators from the iron State of Pennsyl-
vania what possible effect that can have upon the
importation of iron into this country ? Will the
delay of payment here diminish the price in Eng-
land? If so, upon what principle? I should cer-
tainly like to hear it explained. Will it increase
the price of labor? Will it in any form or shape
diminish the value of the article which enters into
the protection of iron in England ?
Mr. BRODHDAD. I will endeavor to answer
my friend from Georgia. Those engaged in the
construction of railroads never pay money when
they can give their bonds, and, therefore, when
they can get iron upon credit, they will not pay
cash. As they can obtain a credit under this bill
on foreign iron, they will, of course, use the for-
eign article for that reason, and for another, which
is, that they will entertain a well-grounded hope
that the bonds will be remitted at the end of two,
three, or four years. So that the effect of this
measure on the iron trade, and those engaged in
the manufacture of iron in the United States, will
be the same as if you repeal the duty entirely.
The purchase will be made entirely in Europe in
pursuance of this bill. Now, sir, why not give a
thousand dollars per mile from the Treasury to
those railroad companies who use American iron?
The duty which is paid on railroad iron at pres-
ent amounts to about one thousand or thirteen
hundred dollars per mile. Suppose we were to
introduce a proposition here that those who use
American rails should receive one thousand dol-
lars a mile from the Treasury on a credit of three
years upon their giving security to return it ? Is
it not the same in principle?
Mr. DAWSON. The whole argument of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania is, as 1 supposed it
would be, founded upon the presumption that this
extension of the day of payment will amount to
an entire release of the duties. I think he always
desires to do justice between all the interests of
this Union, and between all the States of this Con-
federacy. I desire, then, to ask him if he was in
Congress when upwards of a million of dollars
were refunded to the Stateof Pennsylvania, which
had been received into the Treasury as duty on
railroad iron ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. In what year was that?
Mr. DAWSON. I cannot designate the year,
but I think it was in 1833 or 1834.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 have this much to say
in reply to my friend from Georgia, that I was
not in Congress when any such act was passed.
1 will make this further remark, that though a
considerable portion of the railroads in Pennsyl-
vania were made when the iron came in duty free,
those who imported it then paid more for it than
the price which my friend from Georgia could pur-
chase it at now, duty included.
Mr. DAWSON. That is immaterial. My
proposition was, in order to show how matters
are governed by the interests which influence per-
sons at the time, that money had gone into the
Treasury of the United States for duties on rail-
road iron, but in consideration of the fact that the
Congress of the United States, in 1832, suffered
iron to come in duty free, it was thought to be
fair and jyst to all companies who had imported
iron prior to that time that the duties should
be remitted. That was done, and upwards of
$7,000,000 were thereby taken out of the Treas-
ury and given back to the importers cf iron, on
the ground that, from 1839 to 1843, railroad iron
was admitted duty free. Then, sir, carrying out
the same principle of equity, justice, and equality,
how can those of us who are here at this clay, deriy
to the younger States of this Union, to Tennessee,
Kentucky, Arkansas, and Missouri, this boon?
They come here and tell us: " You have had this
boon of the Government; you have received not
only a gift of $7,000s000, but after that time you
imported your iron duty free for eleven years.
We do not ask you to give us anything, but sim-
ply to grant us an extension of three years in order
to aid us in these great enterprises at a period of
pressure like this, when everybody is complain-
ing of hard times." I respond, then, to my friend
from Pennsylvania, that his State has received
this boon. Out of $7,000,000 paid back from the
Treasury to the importers of railroad iron, over
$1,000,000 went to the State of Pennsylvania, and
the remainder, §6,000,000, tp the other old States.
Georgia and other States—for my State is not
deeply interested in this matter—while the duty-
