1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
free system prevailed, imported their iron, laid it
down, and carried on their roads until they tapped
the valley of the Mississippi. Now, those who
live in the valley of ihe Mississippi come here to-
day to ask you to permit them to go on with these
great enterprises, not by importing iron duty free,
but by a credit of three years, atthe end of which
time they will pay the duties. Can we, with any
justice, with any propriety, or with any pretense
of equality to those State, deny this boon?
The proposition which is now presented to the
Senate seems to me exceedingly plain and clear.
AH the discussion which has been had in relation
to the influence which it may have on the price of
iron and the price of labor in England and this
country, has nothing to do, it seems to me, with
the question before us. This bill does not change
the existing laws; it does not interrupt the tariff;
but it only proposes to allow to the importers of
railroad iron three years within which to pay the
duty—not affecting the machinery of the tariif, or
disturbing it in any form or shape. Although it is
such a small request, it is pertinaciously refused.
And now let me say to the iron, and also to the
sugar interest of this country, (for that, too, has
been drawn into the debate,) that the amount of
capital involved in either of them is but small
compared to that in other interests which bear the
taxation of the country. They should notassume
to themselves the ri^ht of crying out against every
extenuation of the tariff, particularly when it does
not diminish the leceipts of the Government.
They ought not to alarm us by saying that the
mode of taxation is to be changed. There are but
two great interests protected to a very large and
decided extent, and thope are iron and sugar. I
do not propose to interfere with that, as it now
stands. Wftat I propose to do now is merely to
grant to this limited extent relief to an interest
which is suffering severely under the hardness of
the times, and to grant to the States, or to the
individual companies by which railroads are being
built, some aid in carrying on those great schemes
of internal improvement. I do not see why it
should be objected to, when the granting of the
desired relief will not, in the least, interfere with
the finances of the Government.
As was stated the other day by my friend fiom
Tennessee, we are at this moment anticipating
the debts due by the United States, and paying a
large percentage to the holders of our bonds who
will present them for payment now before they
are due. Whea the Treasury is in this condition,
why should we refuse to grant a credit which will
not injure any interest in the country by allowing
those who are building railroads which are to ben-
efit the whole people, three years in which to pay
the duties on the iron imported for that purpose?
Foi one, sir, 1 am unwilling at this session to
make any great change in the tariff, for 1 know it
is a great system which should be carefully touched.
Jf it should be my lot to be here whenever that
question shall be disturbed again, I will vote upon
it in such a manner as will aid American labor
and protect American interests; but I will not go
to such an extent as to injure any portion of the
Union by so doing. That, however, is foreign to
the point before us. This is not a tariff question.
It is not a protection question. It is merely a
question as to whether you will insist on these
duties being now paid in cash, or will allow three
^ears within which to pay them.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, before the dis-
cussion of this bill closes, I shall have something
to say upon it. I think I shall be able to show
that this is a tariff question. I think I shall be
able to show that it is an entire abandonment of
a principle connected with the tariff, which the
Democratic party adopted as a leading principle
on that subject in 1846. The honorable Senator
from Georgia, aad others of his party will, of
course, not be bound by that consideration; but
that the principle of the Democratic party, if there
is any principle at all in a tariff, is utterly violated
by the passage of this bill, I think I can show.
My object at this time, however, is simply to move
an amendment to the first section of the bill. It
now contains a provision that, " in the event that
the commissioner of customs, where the iron may
be, shall be satisfied of the entire solvency of the
company thus applying for this extension, he may
require such security, personal or otherwise, as, in
his judgment, will indemnify the United States
against loss." I move to strike out, "Of the
entire solvency of the company thus applying for
this extension," and to insert in lieu of these
words: "That the bond, or bonds, of any com-
pany, or companies, thus applying, are fully and
entirely sufficient to secure the payment of the
duties suspended;" and also to strike out the
word "may," and insert "shall." If thus
amended the clause will read:
"And m the event ihnt the commissioner of customs,
where the iron may be, shall not be satisfied that Ihe bond
or bonds of any company or companies thus applying are
fully and entirely sufficient to secure ihe payment of Uie
duties suspended, he shall require such security personal,
or otherwise, as in his judgment will indemnify the United
States against loss."
From the course of the debate, sir, I take it for
granted, that the friends of this bill do not desire
or an cipate that it shall end in turning the pro-
posed credit into a release. They say so, and I
give them credit for sincerity in their course. As
the bill is worded, however, the "entiresolvency"
of the companies is a matter which no commis-
sioner or collector can determine. A company is
solvent as long as it is going: on, and paying. He
cannot examine into its affairs in detail; but he
can form a judgment as to whether there is entire
ability to pay; that is, whether there is full and
entire security that the suspended duties will be
paid. 1 wish the words of the bill put in such
form, that the proper officer may have a right to
require ample security. It may be that the com-
pany applying for this benefit is heavily indebted
and deeply mortgaged. As by this measure you
are abandoning the principle of cash duties, I wish
that the proper officer may have power to require
that the ultimate payment of the suspended duties
shall be secuied. I wi^h, in other words, that the
discretion given by the bill shall be something
more than nominal. I desire to strike out the
word " may," and insert " shall," so as to make
it mandatory; so that it shall not be left to the dis-
cretion of the officer to take bonds or not, but to
compel him, in all cases where there is the least
doubt, to take sufficient security for final pay-
ment.
I know enough of the situation of railroads in
this country to know that, though the companies
might be going on yet for any practical purpose
of securing the payment of the duties, the bonds
of those companies would not be worth one straw
to the United States, because your priority of pay-
ment does not extend against mortgages. A road
might be mortgaged to such an extent that no ad-
versary proceeding on the part of the Government
would enable it to get a cent. If sold, the road
would be sold subject to the mortgages. In this
way the Government would lose every dollar of
the duties, and yet the company might be able to
go on and might, therefore be " solvent" within
the meaning of the language of the bill.
If the intent be to place the Government in a
position in which it cannot enforce the payment
of a duty bond given by a company, the object
must be to elude the duties altogether. I only ask
that the bill shall be so amended, that whenever
the proper officer may be of opinion that the
duties will not be fully and sufficiently secured by
the bond of the company, he shall be required to
take other satisfactory security in order that the
duties may be finally paid if we are to give a
credit. I think this is a reasonable request which
should be acceded to by the friends of the bill,
though it comes from an opponent. I hope the
amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have not the
slightest objection to the amendment of the Senator
from Delaware. If the language employed in the
bill does not accomplish precisely the purpose
which he wishes to accomplish it is because I was
unfortunate in the selection of words. I undertake
to say now to the Senator from Delaware, and to
every Senator, that I have no indirection about
what I do. If I was in favor of repealing the
duties I would have said so in the bill. If I meant
to employ any language by which they were to be
exonerated from payment, i would have stated it
in the bill. I intended to make payment obliga-
tory on the companies. I intended that the officers
of the Government should have full power to make
the indemnity perfect, and secure. We intend to
| pay the debt, and we are willing to pay it when we
! are able. I am perfectly willing that gentlemen
| shall make that provision as strong as they please.
! All I ask is that they will extend to us a boon
i which they themselves have enjoyed. If it is
competent for me to accept the amendment, I do
so.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on agrees
ing to the amendment. The Senator has no power
to accept it as a part of the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I supposed the amendment
would not be opposed, but I thought it requisite.^
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN". I move to strike out the word
" commissioner "in theclause which has just been
amended, and insert "collector." It evidently
means "collector," though it says "commis-
sioner."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHASE. I wish to submit an amendment,
which I believe is satisfactory to the friends of the
bill. It is to add, at the end of the first section,
the following:
Provided Jui tker, That the owners of every road for the
use of which such iron may be imported, shall only be
entitled to the benefits of Una act on filing with the Post-
master General a sufficient contract, in writing, binding
said road and owners thereof to transport the mails, prop-
erly, and troops of the United States, in such manner and
for such reasonable compensation as may be agreed upon
between said owners and the proper Department, subject,
howtver, to be ascertained and fixed by Congress, in ease
of disagreement between said Department and said owners.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no objection
to that.
Mr. BADGER. I have a decided objection
to it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I should like to know what
reason can be given for this amendment? If I
understood it correctly when it was read, it pro-
vides that, although they received their iron upon
credit, the Postmaster General shall pay them a
reasonable compensation for carrying the mails
and other property of the United States. Is not
that the law now? The Postmaster General now
enters into contracts for carrying the mails, for
such sum as he deems proper and reasonable.
Mr. CHASE. I think a single word of expla-
nation will be sufficient to satisfy every Senator
that there can be no possible objection to this
amendment. As the law now stands, of course
every railroad company transports the mails for
such compensation as may be agreed upon be-
tween the Department and the company; but very
great difficulties have frequently arisen because
there is no common arbiter to whom the subject
can be referred. This amendment provides that,
in the event of a disagreement between the Post-
master General and the company, Congress shall
finally determine what the rate of compensation
shall be. It is taken, substantially, from the pro-
vision on the same subject in the Pacific railroad
bill. I can see no objection to it whatever.
Mr. BADGER. The amendment, in my mind,
is liable to a substantial and clear objection. It is
to compel these railroad companies to transport
the mails and the troops of the United States upon
such terms as the Government shall require from
them. That is the amount of it. It is to deprive
them of all right as parties to a contract to determ-
ine upon the terms of the contract, ft is to say
that, if they and the executive officer do not agree,
Congress shall decide. It is to put them at the
complete command of the Government, to do
whatever the Government may require on such
terms as the Government shall direct.
I am opposed to it, and I hope it will not be
adopted.
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not very familiar with
the rules of this body, and I therefore rise to in-
quire if there is any method by which a more full
attendance can be secured? i do not think there
is a quorum present. Is there any means of com-
pelling the attendance of a quorum?
i The PRESIDENT. Until the fact be ascer-
tained by a vote of the Senate that a quorum is not
i present, nothing can be done in that respect,
j Mr. CHASE. I wish to say a word in refer-
I ence to this amendment. It involves no new
: principle. In nearly every one of the bills which
; have been passed granting lands to railroad com-
ijpanies, a provision has been inserted requiring
those companies to perform this service for such
compensation as the proper departments should
prescribe, trusting and believing—and that is no
vain trustor belief—that this Government never
will exact service without giving a full and ade-
quate remuneration. It is, therefore* not a new
