1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
Mr. CLAY. I wish to move an amendment to
■which I think there will be no objection. It is<to
insert after the words " collector of custoras" the
words " or surveyor of the port of delivery," so
that that part of the section will read:
And in Hie event tlie collector of customs or surveyor of
the port of delivery where the iron may be, shall not be
satisfied that the bond or bonds of any company or com-
panies thus applying, are fully and entirely sufficient to se-
cure the payment of the duties suspended, be shall require
such security, personal or otherwise, as in his judgment
will indemnify the United States against loss.
The reason for that is obvious to every Senator.
The iron may be imported and delivered at some
ports which are not ports of entry, and where
there is no collector of the customs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I wish to move a reconsidera-
tion of the amendment which was adopted on the
motion of the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bayard,] and I am not snre that it will not re-
quire me to move, also, a reconsideration of the
amendment adopted on the motion of the Senator
from Alabama. I did not hear it read.
Mr. STUART. It will require that.
Mr. PEARCE. The amendment of the Sena-
tor from Delaware would be a very good and
proper one if a railroad company was obliged to
pay duties at the place of importation. 1 think,
however, there are two errors in it. In the first
place, the reference to the discretion of the col-
lectors of customs at the port where the iron may
be, to determine the sufficiency of the bonds of the
company, I think is an error, because we shall
scarcely secure uniformity of action by having
this discretion lodged ill so many different hands.
I think it would be proper to qualify that amend-
ment by requiring the Secretary of the Treasury
to determine whether or not the bonds are suffi-
cient. That is one point.
But, in another aspect, I think I would carry
the amendment further. I think, in all cases, it]
ought to require a security beyond the bonds of
the company. I scarcely know a railroad com-
pany whose bonds are not below par. I know a
great many whose bonds are down to little or
nothing; and I do not know that there are any
whose punctuality is such that we can depend
upon their bonds. I think we ought to provide
in every case that they shall give sureties in addi-
tion to their own bonds.
I propose, therefore, that the Senate reconsider
those amendments, in order to insert, after the
word "same," the words " with such surety or
sureties as, in the opinion of the Secretary of the
Treasury, shall be amply sufficient;" so that that
proviso will read:
PtooWcrf, That before the delivery of said iron rails'
spikes, bolls, fastenings, or other iron, the payment of the
dunes thus suspended shall bo aeeurcd by the bond-i of the
company applying lor the same, with such surely or sure-
tics as, in the opinion of the Secretary of the Treasuiy,
shall be amply sulhcient.
That will require uniformity of action, and pro-
vide a uniform rule for all the companies. Then,
sir, it will be necessary to strike out the residue of
that section.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Mary-
land moves to reconsider the vote by which the
amendment of the Senator from Delaware was
, adopted, striking out the words " of the entire sol-
vency of the company thus applying for this ex-
tension," and inserting " that the bond or bonds
of any company thus applying are fully and en-
tirely sufficient to secure the payment of the duties
suspended," and striking out " may,"and insert-
ing " shall."
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the Senator from
Maryland tabors under a misapprehension. I
hope the motion which he has submitted will not
be agreed to; and I will state, in very few words,
the reasons why I think it should not be agreed
to. I kiiow of no case, either in the present or
past history of the country, in which bonds have
been required for the payment of duties where
they have not been made and executed by the col-
lector, for the reason that the collector must be
better acquainted with the parties who execute the
bond than the Secretary can know them thousands
of miles away. In the next place, if you strike
out the collector here, it will not only be a depart-
ure from what has been the practice of the Gov-
ernment always, but you will make the Secretary
act in a secondary degree, as he must rely upon
the recommendations that are made to him by the
collector—the collector knowing the parties and the
Secretary not knowing them. 1 believe the secu-
rity of the Government would be much better
guarded by the bill as it now stands than it would
be by making the Secretary of the Treasury the
person who is to judge of the solvency of the party
executing the bond.
Mr. PEARCE. That might be an objection to
my amendment, when it comes to be considered;
but that is not the only object I have in view.
Therefore, it is not necessary to my proposition
to reconsider. I want to require all the companies
to give sureties. I do not want to make a dis-
tinction, and allow one to give a bond, and one to
give sureties. I want them to be all on the same
footing. If the amendment of the Senator from
Delaware be reconsidered, and I offer my amend-
ment, the Senate may direct the " Secretary of the
Treasury" to be stricken out, and the " collector
of the customs" put in.
Mr. HAMLIN. The amendments which were
submitted by the Senator from Alabama and my-
self, in regard to the collectors of customs and the
surveyors will not change the phraseology of the
bill; will not change the principle which the Sen-
ator from Maryland proposes to arrive a£. There
is, therefore, no necessity for reconsidering those
two amendments. Theie may be a necessity for
reconsidering the amendment made on the motion
of the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. STUART. I think that perhaps in a few
words I can satisfy the Senator from Maine that
the principle for which he contends has no appli-
cation m this case. It is a sound one in the cases
to which he alludes, for the reason which he has
stated, that the importers of the goods, who have
given bonds in the cases to which he refers, reside
at the locality where the officer does, and therefore,
as the Senator says, that officer knows more about
their responsibility than the Secretary of the Treas-
ury can know. The railroad corporators, however,
who will import iron under this bill, will reside
thousands of miles from the port of entry, and
the officer residing at New York or New Oileans
knows nothing about them at all. Hence, the
reason which the Senator has alluded to as appli-
cable to the cases arising heretofore, has no appli-
cation in the case. For instance, iron is imported
into New York; the company importing it, and
who are to lay it down, reside ,m Iowa. What
does the collector at New York know about their
responsibilities? Nothing at all. Tnerefore, sir,
the principle contended lor by my friend from
Maryland is the true principle as applied to this
case. The Secretrry of the Treasury will require,
under his amendment, a security in all the cases
of importation. Now, if the company beasolvent
one, it can give the security without difficulty. If
it be not solvent, it cer.tainly should give the se-
curity or not avail itself of the privileges of the
bill. It will be seen, therefore, at a glance, that
the principle alluded to by the Senator from Maine
has no application to this class of cases.
Mr. BAYARD. I have not the slighest objec-
tion to the reconsideration of my amendment. 1
am inclined to think I shall vote for the motion of
the honorableSenator from Maryland, and for his
amendment; but my present object in rising is—
as it is very evident that we cannot get through
with the bill to-day, as the usual time for adjourn-
ment has arrived, and as there are several other
amendments to be offered—to move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 17, I3oo.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Wi-liam H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMUNICATION FROM WAR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER presented to the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting therewith two hundred and fifty copies of the
official Army Register for the year 1855, in con-
formity with the resolution of the House dated
February 1, ]830; which was laid on the table and
order to be printed.
WASHINGTON NATIONAL MONUMENT.
Mr. MAY. I hope the House will allow to
one who has not occupied, during the entire ses-
sion, two hours of its time, the short space of five
minutes, in order to dispose of some important
public business. I desire to ask the House to
take up two Senate bills from the Speaker's table,
not that they may be passed, not that they may
be considered, but simply for the purpose of re-
ferring them to the appropriate committees.
Mr. COBB. The Committee on Public Lands
have not had thirty minutes during the session
for the purpose of making reports, and I am very
anxious to have an opportunity to do so. I object
to anything but reports from committees.
Mr. MAY. I did not ask to take up the bills
for the purpose of action, but that they may be
referred, and I trust the gentleman will not object.
Mr. COBB. I object decidedly. The Com-
mittee on Public Lands have had no time to re-
port.
Mr. MAY. Well, then, I desire to moke a
report upon the subject of the building of the
national monument to Washington in this city.
But I cannot do it for this reason: I was ap-
pointed, at last session, the chairman of a select
committee of thirteen members of this House
to consider the subject of the building of this
monument, to which I have referred. We met
and examined the officers of the National Mon-
ument Sociely; we examined its architects, ita
books, and all its transactions. But we find that
that committee has expired. We desire to make
a report, in order to remove from the minds of
the country the distrust which prevails, touching
the character of those who have charge of thia
pious work; and also of the character of the work
itself, and to enable us to do so, it is necessary
that the House continue that committee in ex-
istence.
Mr. COBB. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. MAY. I merely ask the House to con-
tinue that, committee.
Mr. COBB. I call the gentleman to order. I
say if I were making a speech I should be called
to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from Maryland refers to the select
committee appointed last session, which expired
last session, but which he supposed continued thia
session; and under which impression they have
continued their investigations. The gentleman
asks that the committee may be continued thia
session. Can there be anv objection to that?
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
The SPEAKER. No, objection being made,
an order to that effect will be entered.
Mr. MAY, by unanimous consent, reported,
from the Committee on the Judiciary, a bill supple-
mental to the act entitled " An act to regulate the
fees and costs to be allowed clerks, marshals, and
attorneys, of the circuit and district courts of the
United States, and for other purposes," approved
February 2G, 1853; which was read, recommitted
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. MAY. I now ask the consent of the
House to take from the Speaker's table Senate
bills Nos. 633 and 436, for the purpose of rererrmg
them—the first, to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, and the other to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. COBB. I object, unless we take up the
business on the Speaker's table in regular order.
Tfiere are important measures there m which the
people of the whole country are interested, and I
object to the gentleman taking up these bills out
of order.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
bills cannot be referred as proposed.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill merely for the
purpose of reference?
Mr. JONES, of New York. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. I believe this is private bill day,
and 1 ask consent to report two private billd that
they may be referred.
Mr. HUGHES. I beg my colleague to allow
me to introduce and refer my bill first ?
No objection being made,
Mr. HUGHES introduced the following bill;
which was read a firstand second time by irs title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands:
A bill for the relief of the actual occupants of
lands in California held under location on Stats
warrants.
