796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
Mr. JONES, of New York. I now ask leave
to leport some private bills which I hold in my
hand.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs leave to
propose to the House that it spend half an hour
disposing of bills which may be reported for the
purpose of reference only, and which are not to be
reconsidered. It will be a great relief to the Chair,
and particularly to gentlemen who are fainting in
their places to report.
M r. COBB. What is the proposition ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair suggests that the
House spend half an hour in receiving bills for the
purpose of reference only.
Mr. COBB. And the gentleman from Alabama
objects to the proposition of the Chair, because
the Chair 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama objects, and the gentleman is out of order in
making a speech.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I have been making efforts
for some time to obtain the floor for the purpose
of making a speech; but as 1 have not succeeded,
I ask the permission of the House to print it.
No objection was made; and the request was
granted. [See Appendix for speech.]
Mr. COBB. I am requested by many friends,
to whom I am under deep obligations, to with-
draw my objection to the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Mat] to take up
and refer certain bills. I accordingly withdraw
my objection.
Mr. MAY. There being no objection, then,
those bills will be referred.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. But I un-
derstood the proposition was to spend half an hour
in receiving reports.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama objects.
Mr. COBB. I do not object to anything which
a member 
[Cries of " Order!" and great confusion.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to remark
that I have nothing to report; but I think it would
be an accommodation to the whole House if we
should spend half an hour in receiving reports
which gentlemen wish to make, and to have them
referred and ordered to be printed. '
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama objects distinctly to it.
Mr. COBB. I cannot say anything; if I could
I could satisfy the House of my reasons.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. The Speaker has
been " Cobb-ed," and I object to the House
being " Cobb-ed" too.
Mr. MAY. I now ask that those bills may be
taken up and referred.
No objection being made, the following bills
•were taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, respectively, by their titles, and
referred as indicated below:
An act for the relief of the heirs of the legal
representatives of Gerard Wood. Referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
An act for improving the navigation of the Pa-
tapsco river, and to render the port of Baltimore
accessible to war steamers of the United States.
Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ELIOT, of Massachusetts. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take up a bill
from the Speaker's table for the purpese of refer-
ence merely.
Mr. EDGERTON. I object, unless all private
bills shall be allowed to be repotted.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
OCEAN MAIL STEAMER BILL.
The SPEAKER. The business- first in order
is the consideration of the bill making appropria-
tions for the transportation of the United States
mail, by ocean steamers and otherwise, during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1856.
The Clerk will report the first amendment.
The amendment was reported, as follows;
Strike out the following clause :
" For transportation of the mails from New York to Liv-
erpool and back, .$819,500 ; and that ttie Secretary of the
Navv is hereby directed to give the notice provided in toe
first section of ih#1 act entitled " An act to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations lor the service of Hie fiscal ye< r
ending the 30ih of June, 1852," approved the 2l*t day of
July, 1853, to terminate the arrangement for the additional
allowance for the transportation of the United States mail
between New York and Liverpool, in the Collins line of
steamers, as therein provided."
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
For transportation of the mails, from New York to Liv-
erpool and back, §858,000 : and tliat the proviso contained
in the first section of an act entitled i( An act to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1852," approved the 21st day
of July, 1852, be, and the same is hereby, repealed : Pro-
vided, That Edward K. Collins and his associates shall pro-
ceed, with all diligence, to build another steamship, m ac-
cordance wiih the terms of the contract, and have the same
ready for the mail service in two years irom and after the
passage of this act- And if said steamship is not ready
withiu the tune above mentioned, by reason of any neglect
or want of diligence on their part, then the said Edward
K. Collins and his associates shall carry the United States
mails, between New York and Liverpool, from the expira-
tion of the said two years, every lortnight, free ot any
charge to the Government, until the new steamship shall
have commenced the said mail service.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have been
demanded.
Mr. FULLER. I wish to inquire of the Chair
in relation to a question of order. I desire to know
whether the proposition or amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, the chairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, is not divisible.
The SPEAKER. It being a single amendment
reported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, it is not divisible. It must be
voted on as a whole.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The main ques-
tion has been ordered, has it not?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. JONES. Then it is not in order to move
that there be a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. JONES. I move that the vote by which
the main question was ordered to be put be recon-
sidered. I wish to give timtf for the members -of
the House to get in, so as to secure as full a vote
as possible. 1 submit, therefore, the motion to
reconsider, and call for the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. JONES. I ask for the yeas and nays upon
that.
The SPEAKER. That being a motion that
can be repeated at any time, the Chair will hold
that the motion to lay on the table is not in order.
The yeas and nays were then ordered upon the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. EDGERTON. Did I understand the Chair
to decide that my motion to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table was not in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides, for
the reason that the motion to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered to be
put is not debatable, and for the reason that that
class of motions can be repeated again and again.
The piactice, the Chair thinks, is wrong, as taking
up the time of the House unnecessarily. He
decides that the motion is not in order.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to reconsider; and decided in the negative—yeas
51, nays 113; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, David J. Bailey, Barry, Bridges,
Bnstow, Brooks, Chastam, Chnsman, Cobb, Craige, Dow-
deli, Eddy,Edmundson, John M. Elliott, Ellison, English,
Ethendge, Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Grey, Hamilton,
Aaron llarlan, Sampson W. Harris, Haven, Hendricks,
Henn, Hibbard, Hiester, Johnson, Kent, Lamb, Letcher,
Lilly, Lindsley, McQueen,Millson, Morrison,Orr, Packer,
Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Ilutfin, Russell, Shaw,
Sketton, Straub, Andrew Stuart, and Vansant—51.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Thomas II. Bayly, Ball,
I3anks, Belcher, Bennett, Benson, Bliss, Bo ock, lJoyce,
Breckinridgc, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Caskie,
Chambei lain, Chandler, Chase, Clark, Cook, Corwtn, Cox,
Crocker, Cullom, Curtis, Cutting, John G. Davis, Thomas
Davis, Dawson, De Witt, Dickinson, Disney, Drum, Dun-
bar, Eastman, Edgerton, Edcnands, Thomas D. Eliot,
Everhart, Faulkner, Fenton, Flagler, Gamble, Giddmgs,
Goodwin, Green, Andrew J. Harlan, Hastings, Hill, Howe,
Uughes, Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, (ieorge W. Jones, Kerr,
Knox, Kurtz, Lane, Latham, Lyon, Macdonald, McDou-
gall, Macy, Matte-on, Maurice, Mayali, Mcacham, Middle-
swarth, Morgan, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Olds, Andrew
Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Peck, Pennington, John
Perkins, Preston, Ready, David Ritchie, Rowe, Sabin,
Sage, Sapp, Seymour, Shower, Simmons, Singleton, Rol-
lers, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Hestor L.
Stevens, Stration, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, John L.
Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller, Thurston, Trout,
Upiiam, Walbndge, Walley, Warren, Ellihu B. Wush-
burne, Israel Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth, Tappan
Wentworth, Westbrook, and Wheeler—113.
So the House refused to reconsider the motion
by which the main question was ordered to be put.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER stated that he had paired
off with his colleague, Mr. Bugg, who was op-
posed to giving the notice to Mr. Collins. H e
[Mr. %.] was in favor of giving the notice, but
should refrain from voting upon any question
involving the first section of the bill.
Mr. PtTRYEAR, also, stated that he had paired
olF with his colleague, Mr. Rogers, who was
necessarily absent from the city, he being opposed
to the bill, and Mr. Rocers in favor of it.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the amendment.
Mr. LETCH ER. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 100, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Apploton, Thomas H.
Bayly, Ball, Banks, Belcher, Bell, Bennett, Benson, Bliss,
Campbell, Carpenter, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chase,
Clark, Ciingn>an,Cook, Corwin, Crocker, Cullom, Curtis,
Cutting, Thomas Davis, De Witt, Dickinson, Disney,
Drum, Dunbar, Eastman, Edgerton, Edmands, Thomas D.
Eliot, Everhart, Fenton, Flagler, Gamble, Goodwin, Green,
Andrew J. Harlan, Hastings, Hiester, H'll, Howe, Hughes,
Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kerr, Knox,
Kurtz, Lane, Latham, Lyon, McCulloch, Macdonald, Mc-
Dougall, Macy, Matteson, Maurice, Mayali, Meacham,
Muidleswarth, 'Morgan, Norton, Olds, Andrew Oliver,
Peek, Pennington, David Ritchie,Rowe, Sabin, Sage, Sapp,
Seward, Shower, Simmons, Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens, David Stuart, John
L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller, Thurston, Trout,
Tweed, Uphain, Wade, Walbridge, Walley, Warren, Eliihu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth,
Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook, and Wheeler—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, David J. Bailey, Barksdale,
Barry, Benton, Bocock, Boyee, Breckinridge, Bridges,
Bnstow, Brooks, Carulhers, Caskie, Chastain, Chrisman,
Cobb, Cox, Craige, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dowdell,
Dunham, Eddy, Edmnndson, John M. Elliott. Ellison,
Ethendge, Faulkner, Giddmgs, Goode, Greenwood, Grey,
Grow, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Sampson W. Harris,
Wiley P. Harris, Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, John-
son, George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kittredge,
Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, Lindsley, McQueen, May, Smith
Miller, Millson, Morrison, Murray, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Packer, Parker, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Powell,
Pratt, Pringle, Ready, Bobbins, Ruffiu, Russell, Seymour,
Shaw, Singleton, Skelton, Samuel A. Smith, William R.
Smith, George W. Smyth, Stratton, Straub, Andrew Stuart,
John J. Taylor, Tracy, and Vansant—83.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Pending: the call of the roll,
Mr. KIDWELL said he was unavoidably
absent when his name was called. If he had been
present, he would have voted against the amend-
ment.
Mr. FARLEY stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Smith, of Virginia, he being in favor of
the amendment, and Mr. Smith opposed jto it.
Mr. PECKH AM, also, stated that he was called
out of the House, and was not within the bar
when his name was called. He asked leave to
vote in the affirmative.
Mr. HAMILTON objected.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment was
adopted, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
Mr. MILLSON. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL VETO MESSAGE.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Sidney Webster, Esq., his
Private Secretary, returning the bill for the ascer-
tainment and satisfaction of claims of American
citizens for spoliations committed by the French
prior to the 31st of June, 1801, with the objec-
tions of the President.
The SPEAKER. The Secretary of the Presi-
dent announces that he has returned the French
spoliation bill with his veto message.
[Cries of <( Let it be read !"]
The SPEAKER. A question of order arises
under the Constitution precisely at this point.
Mr. ORR. I propose that the message shall be
read, ordered to be printed, and assigned for con-
sideration on Monday next at one o'clock. I make
that proposition if it meets the concurrence of the
House.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I hope my friend
from South Carolina will change his motion from
Monday till Tuesday. I desire to be heard upon
the subject, and I shall not be able to speak on
Monday.
Mr. ORR. Of course I cannot make the motion
now. I merely indicated to the House that i
would make such a motion, if it should meet their
approbation, when the message had been read.
I Mr. OLDS. I rise to a question of order. I
