1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
797
submit that it is not in order to have the message
read until the main question, which has been
ordered, has been exhausted.
The SPEAKER. The Secretary of the Presi-
dent having announced the fact that the commu-
nication presented by him was a veto message,
the Chair is in doubt as to the proper course to
proceed. The clause of the Constitution, in ref-
erence to such messages, is familiar to every gen-
tleman.
[Cries of ft Read it!" "Read it!"]
Mr. HAVEN. I suppose the message is right-
fully before the House. But, sir, without mean-
ing any disrespect whatever to the President of
the United States, I would suggest to my friend
from South Carolina, that, inasmuch as time
presses pretty closely upon us, perhaps we had
better dispense with the reading of the message,
and allow it to be printed.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. ORR. The Constitution of the United
States requires that the President should send his
objections to the House, and, of course, they
should be read to the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Constitution
provides that they shall be sent to the House and
spread upon the Journal; but not that they shall
be read.
Mr. ORR. Of course they should be read.
Mr. JONES. Does the Chair decide that the
reading of the President's message must take pre-
cedence of the business before the House, the
main question having been ordered ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has made no
such decision. He merely called the attention of
the House to the facts.
Mr. JONES. 1 submit that it is not in order to
read the message until the question under con-
sideration has been disposed of. The rules were
framed with reference to the Constitution, and are
not in conflict with it.
The SPEAKER. The clause of the Constitu-
tion in reference to this subject is the following:
"Every bill which shall have passed theHouseofRepre-
sentatives and the Senate, &ha!l, before it become a law,
be presented to the President of the United Stares; and if
he approve it, he shall sign it; but if not, he shall return it,
with his objections, to that House in which it shall have
originated, who shall enter the objections at large on their
Journal, and proceed to reconsider it."
Mr. JONES. Certainly; but I submit that we
must first dispose of the question under considera-
tion, and then proceed to the consideration of the
message. We can thus preserve our rules and the
Constitution—both of them.
OCEAN MAIL STEAMERS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands
the question, and he will decide that the business
must proceed, as the rules require. The main
question having been ordered upon the proposi-
tion under consideration, the Chair decides that
the question first to be disposed of is the motion
of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Washburn,]
to lay on the table the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Olds] was adopted.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Appleton, Thomas II.
Bayly, Ball, Bank?, Belcher, Bell, Bennett, Benson, Bhss,
Bristow, Campbell, Carpenter, Chamberlain, Chandler,
Chase, Clark, Clmsman, Uorwin, Crocker, Cullom, Curtis,
Cutting, Thumds Davis, DeWitt, Dickinson, Di&nev, Drain,
Dunhar, Eastman, Edgerton, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot,
Etheridge, Everllart, Fenton, Flagler, Gamble, Goodwin,
Green, Andrew J. Harlan, Hastings, Hiester, Hill, Huvve,
Hughes. Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Kerr,
Knox, Kurtz, Lane. Latham, Lyon, McCulloch, Maedon-
ald, McDougall, ISIacy, M-ute&on, Maiiric':, Mayan,
Meachain, Middeswarth, Moigan, Norton, Olds, Andrew
Oliver, Peck, Peekham, Pennington, David Ritchie,Rowe,
Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Shower, Simmons, pollers,
Fiederiek P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Ilestor Xj. Ste-
vens, David Stuart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Teller, Thurston, Trout, Tweed, Uphatn, Wade, Wal-
bridge, Walley, Warren, Klliliu 13. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth,
Westhrook, Wheeler, and Witte—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, David J. Bailey, Barksdalc,
Barry, Benton, llocoek, Boyce, Breckinridge, Brooks,
Caruthers, Caskie, Chastion, Chrisman, Cobb, Cox, Craige,
Cuminmg, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dowdeil, Eddy, Ed-
mundson, Ellison, Faulkner, Goode, Grey, Grow, Hamil-
ton, Aaron Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris,
Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard, Johnson, George W.
Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kutredge, Lamb, Letcher,
Lilly, Lmdsley, McQueen, May, Smith Miller, Million,
Morrison, Murray, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Parker,
John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Preston,
Eeady, Richardson, Bobbins, Kuffin, Russell, Seymour,
Shaw, Singleton, George W. Smyth, Stratton, Straub, An-
drew Stuart, John J. Taylor, Tracy, Vansant, Daniel B.
Wright, and Hendrick E. Wright—77.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to say that, if I
had been present this morning, I should have
voted against this line in every phase that the
question assumed.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union report another amend-
ment to the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is unnecessary
to read it. It is merely the appropriations for the
present year, and it was read yesterday.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read a third time.
The question now being,Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. HAMILTON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Appleton, Thomas H.
Bayly, Ball, Banks, lieicher, Bell, Bennett, Benson, Camp-
bell, Caipei.ter, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chase, Clark,
Chngman, Cook, Cnrwin, Crocker, Cultom, Tlmmas Da-
vie, De Witt, Dickinson, Disney, Drum, Dunbar, East-
man, Edgerlon, Edmands, Thomas D. Eliot, Everllart,
Fcnton, Flagler, Gamble, Goodwin, Green, Andrew J.
Harlan, Ha-tings, Hiester, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt,
Daniel T. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kerr, Knox, Kurtz,
Lane, Latham, Lyon, McCulloch, Macdonald, MclJougall,
| Maey, Maiteson, Maurice, May a II, Meacham, Muldle-
swartli, Morgan,«Norton, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Peck,
Peckharn, Pennington, David ltilchie, llowe, Salmi, Sage,
Sapp, Seward, Shower, Simmons, Sobers, Fiederiek P.
Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, HestorL. Stevens, David
Smart, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller,
Thurston, Trout, Tweed, IJphain, Wade, Walbndge,
Walh y, Warren, Ellihu B. Washbiune, Israel Washburn,
Wells, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook,
Wheeler, and Witte—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, David J. Bailey, Barksdale,
Barry, Benton, Boeock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Bridges,
Brooks, Caruthers, Ca&kie, Cliastain, Chrisman, Cobb,
Cox, Ciaige, Cummings, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dow-
dell, Eddy, Edmundson, John M. Elliott, Ellison, Eiher-
idge, Faulkner, Giddings, Goode, Grey, Grow, Ham-
ilton, Aaron Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Haven, Hen-
dricks, Ilenn, Hibbard, Johnson, George W. Jones,Roland
Jones, Keitt, Kittredge, Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, Lindsley,
McQueen, May, Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison, Mur-
ray, Nichols, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Parker, John
Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Pratt, Pringle, Ready,
Richardson, Robbins, Ilutfin, Russell, Seymour, Shaw,
Singleton, Skelton, George W Smyth, Stratton, Straub,
Andrew Stuart, John J. Taylor, Tracy, Vansant, and Dan-
lei B. Wright—b2.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. OLDS. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move to amend the
title of the bill, by striking out all after the word
"fitical," and inserting in lieu thereof, the words
"years ending 30th of June, 1855, and 30th of
June, 1856."
That amendment to the title is made necessary
by the adoption of the amendment inserting the
appropriations for the current year.
The amendment was agreed to.
The title, as amended, was then adopted.
Mr. OLDS. I move to reconsider the vote by
; which the title was adopted, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL—VETO MESSAGE.
The SPEAKER. The veto message of the
President of the United States will now be read.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the message,
which is as follows:
To the House of Representatives:
I have received and carefully considered the bill
entitled " An act to provide for the ascertainment
of claims of American citizens for spoliations com-
mitted by the French prior to the thirty-first of
July, one thousand eight hundred and one," and,
in the discharge of a duty imperatively enjoined
on me by the Constitution, I return the same, with
my objections, to the House of Representatives
in which it originated.
In the organization of the Government of the
United States, the legislative and executive func-
tions were separated,and placed in distinct hands.
Although the President is required, from time to
time, to recommend to the consideration of Con-
gress such measures as he shall judge necessary
and expedient, his participation in the formal busi-
ness of legislation is limited to the single duty, in
a certain contingency, of demanding for a bill a
particular form of vote, prescribed by the Consti-
tution, before it can become a law. He is not
invested with power to defeat legislation by an
absolute veto, but only to restrain it, and is charged
with the duty, in case he disapproves a measure,
of invoking a second, and a more deliberate and
solemn consideration of it on the part of Congress.
It is not incumbent on the President to sign a bill
as a matter of course, and thus merely to authen-
ticate the action of Congress, for he must exercise
intelligent judgment, or be faithless to the trust
reposed in him. If he approve a bill he shall sign
it; but if not, he shall return it, with his objec-
tions, to that House in which it shall have origin-
ated, for such further action as the Constitution
demands, which is its enactment, if at all, not by
a bare numerical majority, as in the first instance,
but by a constitutional majority of two thirds of
both Houses.
While the Constitution thus confers on the le-
gislative bodies the complete power of legislation
in all cases, it proceeds, in the spirit of justice, to
provide for the protection of the responsibility of
the President. It does not compel him to affix
the signature of approval to any bill unless it
actually have his approbation; for, while it re-
quires him to sign if he approve, it, in my judg-
ment, imposes upon him the duty of withholding
his signature if he do not approve. In the execu-
tion of his official duty in this respect, he is not
to perform a mere mechanical part, but is to
decide and act according to conscientious convic-
tions of the rightfulness or the wrongfulness of
the proposed law. In a matter as to which he
is doubtful in his own mind, he may well defer
to the majority of the two Houses. Individual
members of the respective Houses, owing to the
nature, variety, and amount of business pending,
must necessarily rely, for their guidance in many,
perhaps most cases, when the matters involved
are not of popular interest, upon the investigation
of appropriate committees, or, it may be, that of
a single member, whose attention has been par-
ticularly directed to the subject. For similar rea-
sons, but even to a greater extent, from the num-
ber and variety of subjects daily urged upon his
attention, the President naturally relies much
upon the investigation had, and the results ar-
rived at, by the two Houses, and hence those
results, in large classes of cases, constitute the
basis upon which his approval rests. The Presi-
dent's responsibility is to the whole people of the
United States; as that of a Senator is to the people
of a particular State; that ofa Representative to the
people of a State or district; and it may be safely
assumed that he will not resort to the clearly-
defined and limited power of arresting legislation,
and calling for reconsideration of any measure,
except in obedience to requirements of duty.
When, however, he entertains a decisive and fixed
conclusion, not merely of the unconstitutionality,
but of the impropriety, or injustice in other
respects, of any measure if he declare that he
approves it, he is false to his oath, and he delib-
erately disregards his constitutional obligations.
I cheerfully recognise the weight of authority
which attaches to the action of a majority of the
two Houses. But, in this case, as in some others,
the'framers of our Constitution, for wise consid-
erations of public good, provided that nothing less
than a two-thirds vote of one or both of theHouses
of Congress shall become effective to bind the
coordinate Departments of the Government, the
people, and the several States. If there be any-
thing of seeming invidiousness in the official right
thus conferred on the President, it is in appearance
only, for the Same right of approving or disap-
proving a bill, according to each one's own judg-
ment, is conferred on every member of the Senate
and of the House of Representatives.
It is apparent, therefore, that the circumstances
must be extraordinary which would induce the
President to withhold approval from a bill involv-
ing no violation of the Constitution, J. he amount
of the claims proposed to-be discharged by the bill
before me, the nature of the transactions til which
those claims are alleged to have originated, the
length of time during which they have occupied
the attention of Congress and the country, pres-
ent such an exigency. Their history renders it
