798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
impossible that a President who has participated,
to any considerable degree, in public affairs, could
have failed to form, respecting them, a decided
opinion, upon what he would deem satisfactory
grounds. Nevertheless, instead of resting on for-
mer opinions, it has seemed to me proper to review
and more carefully examine the whole subject, so
as satisfactorily to determine the nature and ex-
tent of my obligations in the premises.
I feel called upon, at the threshold, to notice an
assertion, often repeated, that the refusal of the
United States to satisfy these claims, in the man-
ner provided by the present bill, rests as a stam
on the justice of our country. If it be so, the
imputation on the public honor is aggravated by
the consideration that the claims are coeval with
the present century, and it has been a persistent
wrong during that whole period of time. The
allegation is, that private property has been taken
for public use without just compensation, in vio-
lation of express provision of the Constitution;
and that reparation has been withheld, and justice
denied, until the injured parties have, for the
most part, descended to the grave. But it is not to
be forgotten or overlooked, that those who repre-
sented the people, in different capacities, at the
time when the alleged obligations were incurred,
and to whom the charge of injustice attaches, m
the first instance, have also passed away, and
borne with them the special information which
controlled their decision, and, it may be well pre-
sumed, constituted the justification of their acts.
If, however, the charge in question bg well
founded, although its admission would inscribe
on our history a page which we might desire most
of all to obliterate, ar.d although, if true, it must
painfully disturb our confidence in the jusliceand
the high sense of moral and political responsibility
of those whose memories we have been taught to
cherish with so much reverence and respect, still,
we have only one course of action left to us, and
that is, to make the most prompt and ample repar-
ation in our power, and consign the wrong, as far
as may be, to forgetfulness.
But no such heavy sentence of condemnation
should be lightly passed upon the sagacious and
patriotic men who participated in the transactions
out of which these claims are supposed to have
arisen, and who, from their ample means of
knowledge of the general subject in its minute
details, and from their official position, are pecu-
liarly responsible for whatever there is of wrong
or injustice in the decisions of the Government.
Their justification consists in that which con-
stitutes tiie objection to the present bill—namely,
the absence of any indebtedness on the part of
the United States. The charge of a denial of jus-
tice m this case, and a consequent stain upon our
national character, has not yet been indorsed by
the American people. But, if it were otherwise,
this bill, so far from relieving the past, would only
stamp on the present a more deep and indelible
stigma. It admits the justice of the claims, con-
cedes that payment has been wrongfully withheld
for fifty years, and then proposes, not to ps.y
them, but to compound with the public creditors
by providing, that whether the claims shall bepre-
sented or not, whether the sum appropriated shall
pay much or little of what shall be found due, the
law itself shall constitute a perpetual bar to all
future demands. This is not, in my judgment,
the way to atone for wrongs, if tliey exist, nor to
meet subsisting obligations. _
It new facts, not known or not accessible during
the administration of Mr. Jefferson, Mr. Madi-
son, or Mr. Monroe, had since been brought to
light, or new sources of information discovered,
tins would greatly relieve the subject of embarrass-
ment. But nothing of this nature has occurred.
That those eminent statesmen had the best means
of arriving at a correct conclusion, no one will
deny. That they never recognized the alleged
obligation on the part of the Government, is shown
by the history of their respective Administrations.
Indeed, it stands not as a matter of controlling
authority, butasa fact ofhistory, that these claims
have never, since our existence as a nation, been
deemed by any President worthy of recommenda-
tion to Congress. •
Claims to payment can rest only on the plea of
indebtedness on the part of the Government. This
requires that it should be shown that the United
States have incurred liability to the claimants,
either by such acts as deprive them of their prop-
erty, or by having actually taken it for public use,
without making just compensation for it.
The first branch of the proposition—that on
which an equitable claim to be indemnified by the
United States for losses sustained might rest—
requires at least a cursory examination of the
history of the transactions on which the claims
depend. The first link which in the chain of
events arrests attention, is the treaties of alliance
and of amity and commerce between the United
States and France, negotiated in 1778. By those
treaties, peculiar privileges were secured to armed
vessels of each of the contracting parties in the
ports of the other; the freedom of trade was greatly
enlarged; and mutual obligations were incurred
by each to guarantee to the other their territorial
possessions in America.
In 1792-,93, when war broke out between
France and Great Britain, the former claimed
privileges in American ports which our Govern-
ment did not admit as deducible from the treaties
of 1778, and which, it was held, were in conflict
with obligations to the other belligerent Powers.
The liberal principle of one of the treaties referred
to—that free ships make free goods, and that sub-
sistence and supplies were not contraband of war,
unless destined to a blockaded port—was found, in
a commercial view, to operate disadvantageously
to France, as compared with her enemy, Great
Britain, the latter asserting, under the law of na-
tions, the right to capture, as contraband, supplies
when bound for an enemy's port.
Induced mainly, it is believed, by these consid-
erations, the Government of France decreed, on
the 9th of May, 1793, the first ytar of the war,
that " the French people are no longer permitted
to fulfill towards the neutral powers in general the
vows they have so often manifested, and which
they constantly make for the full and entire liberty
of commerce and navigation; and, as a counter
measure to the courseot Great Biijain,authorized
the seizureof neutral vessels bound to an enemy's
port, in like manner as that was done by her great
maritime rival. This decree was made to act
retrospectively, and to continue until the enemies
of France should desist from depredations on the
neutral vessels bound to the ports of France.
Then followed the embargo, by which our vessels
were detained in Bordeaux; the seizure of British
goods on board of our ships, and of the property
of American citizens, under the pretense that it
belonged to English subjects, and the imprison-
ment of American citizens captured on the high
seas.
Against these infractions of existing treaties and
violations of our rights as a neutral Power, we
complained and remonstrated. For the property
of our injured citizens we demanded that due com-
pensation should be made, and from 1793 to 1797
used every means, ordinary and extraordinary, to
obtain redress by negotiation. In the last men-
tioned year these efforts were met by a refusal to
receive a minister sent by our Government with
special instructions to represent the amicable dis-
position of the Government and people of the Uni-
ted States, and their desire to remove jealousie#s
and to restore confidence by showing that the com-
plaints against them were groundless. Failing m
this, another aftempt to adjust all differences be-
tween the two Republics was made in the form of
an extraordinary mission, composed of three dis-
tinguished citizens, but the refusal to receive was
offensively repeated; and thus terminated this last
effort to preserve peace and restore kind relations
with our early friend and ally, to whom a debt of
gratitude was due which the American people
have never been willing to depreciate or to forget.
Years of negotiation had not only failed to secure
indemnity for our citizens and exemption from
further depredation, but these long continued
efforts had brought upon the Government the sus-
pension of diplomatic intercourse with France,
and such indignities as to induce President Adams,
in his message of May 16,1797, to Congress, con-
vened in special session, to present it as the partic-
ular matter for their consideration, and to speak
of it in terms ofthehighest indignation. Thence-
forward the action of our Government assumed a
character which clearly indicates that hope was no
longer entertained from the amicable feeling or
justice of the Government of France; and hence
the subsequent measures were those of force.
On the 28th of May, 1798, an act was passed
for the employment of the Navy of the United
againstt( armed vessels of the Republic of
e," and authorized their capture, ii " found
States
France,  
hovering on the coast of the United States for the
purpose of committing depredations on the vessels
belonging to the citizens thereof." On the 18th of
June, 1798, an act was passed prohibiting com-
mercial intercourse with France, under the pen-
alty of the forfeiture of the vessels so employed.
On the 25th of June, the same year, an act to arm
the merchant marine to oppose searches, capture
aggressors, and recapture American vessels taken
by the French. On the 28th of June, same year,
an act for the condemnation and sale of Fiench
vessels captured by authority of the act of 28th of
May preceding. On the 27th of July, same year,
an act abrogating the treaties and the convention
•which had been concluded between the United
States and France, and declaring " that the same
shall not henceforth be regarded as legally obliga-
tory on the Government or citizens of the United
States." On the 9th of the same month an act
was passed which enlarged the limits of the hos-
tilities then existing by authorizing our public
vessels to capture armed vessels of France where-
ever found upon the high seas, and conferred
power on the President to issue commissions to
private armed vessels to engage in like service.
These acts, though short of a declaration of war,
which would put all the citizens of each country
in hostility with those of the other, were, never-
theless, actual war, partial in its application, mari-
time in its character, but which required the
expenditure of much of our public treasure, and
much of the blood of our patriotic citizens, who,
in vessels but little suited to the purposes of war,
went forth to battle on the high seas for the rights
and security of their fellow citizens, and to repel
indignities offered to the national honor.
It is not, then, because of any failure to use all
available means, diplomatic and military, to ob-
tain reparation that liability for private claims can
have been incurred by the United States; and if
there is any pretense for such liability, it must
flow from the action, not from the neglect, of the
United States. The fust complaint on the part of
France was against the proclamation of President
Washington, of April 22, 1793. At that early
period in the war which involved Austria, Prus-
sia, Sardinia, the United Netherlands, and Great
Britain on the one part, and France on the other,
the great and wise man who was the Chief Ex-
ecutive, as he was and had been the guardian of
our then infant Republic, proclaimed that " the
duty and interest of the United States require that
they should, with sincerity and good faith, adopt
and pursue a conduct friendly and impartial to-
wards the belligerent Powers." This attitude of
neutrality, it was pretended, was in disregard of
the obligations of alliance between the United
States and France. And this, together with the
often renewed complaint that the stipulations of
the treaties of 1778 had not been observed and
executed by the United States, formed the pretext
for the series of outrages upon our Government
and its citizens, which finally drove us to seek
redress and safety by an appeal to force. The
treaties of 1778, so long the subject of French com-
plaints, are now understood to be the foundation
upon which are laid these claims of indemnity
from the United States for spoliations committed
by the French prior to 1800. The act of our Gov-
ernment which abrogated not only the treaties of
1778, but also the subsequent consular convention
of 1788, has already been referred to, and it may
be well here to inquire what the course of France
was in relation thereto. By the decrees of 9th of
May, 1793, 7th of July, 1796, and 2d of March,
1797, the stipulations which were then and sub-
sequently most important to the United States
were rendered wholly inoperative. The highly
injurious effects which these decrees are known
to have produced show how vital were the pro-
visions of treaty which they violated, and make
manifest the incontrovertible right of the United
States to declare, as the consequence of these acts
of the other contracting party, the treaties at an
end.
The next step in this inquiry is, whether the
act declaring the treaties null and void was ever
repealed, or whether by any other means the trea-
ties were ever revived so as to be either the subject
or the source of national obligation. The war
which has been described was terminated by the
treaty of Paris of 1800, and to that instrument it
