1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
799
is necessary to turn to find how much of preex-
isting obligations between the two Governments
outlived the hostilities in which they had been
engaged. By the second article of the treaty of
1800 it was declared that the ministers plenipo-
tentiary of the two parties, not being able to agree
respecting the treaties of alliance, amity, and com-
merce of 1778, and the convention of 1788, nor
upon the indemnities mutually due or claimed, the
parties will negotiate further on these subjects at a
convenient time, and until they shall have agreed
upon these points the said treaties and convention
shall have no operation.
When the treaty was submitted to the Senate of
the United States, the second article wasdisagreed
to, and the treaty amended by striking it out, and
inserting a prevision that the convention then
made should continue in force eight years from
the date of ratification, which convention thus
amended was accepted by the First Consul of
France, with the addition of a note explanatory of
his construction of the convention, to the effect
that by the retrenchment of the second article the
two States renounce the respective pretensions
which were the object of the said article.
It will be perceived by the language of the second
article, as originally framed by the negotiators,
that they had found themselves unable to adjust
the controversies on which years of diplomacy
and of hostilities had been expended; and that
they were at last compelled to postpone the dts-
cussion of those questions to that most indefinite
period, a " convenient time.*' All, then, of these
subjects which was revived by the convention was
the right to renew, when it should be convenient
to the parties, a discussion which had already
exhausted negotiation,involved the two countries
in a maritime war, and on which the parties had
approached no nearer to concurrence than they
were wheri the controversy began.
The obligations of the treaties of 1778, and the
convention of 1788, were mutual, and estimated to
be equal. But, however onerous ti>ey may have
been to the United States, they had been abro-
gated, and were not revived by the convention of
1800, but expressly spoken of as suspended until
an event which could only occur by the pleasure
of the United States. It seems clear, then, that
the United States were relieved of no obligation
to France by the retrenchment of the second
article of the convention; and if thereby France
was relieved of any valid claims against her, the
United States received no consideration m return,
and that if private property was talc-en by the
United States from their own citizens, it was not
for public use. But it is here proper to inquire
whether the United States did relieve France from
valid claims against her on the part of citizens of
the United States, and did thus deprive them of
their property.
The complaints and counter-complaints of the
two Governments had been, that treaties were
violated, and that both pubheand individual rights
and interests had been sacrificed. The corre-
spondence of our ministers engaged in negotiations
both before and after the convention of 1800, suf-
ficiently proves how hopeless was the effort to
obtain full indemnity from France for injuries in-
flicted on our commerce from 1793 to 1800, unless
it should be by an account in which the rival pre-
tensions of the two Governments should each be
acknowledged, and the balance struck between
them.
It is supposable, and may be inferred from the
contemporaneous history as probable, that had the
United States agreed in 1800 to revive the treaties
of 1773 and 1788 with the construction which
France had placed uponthem, that the latterGov-
ernment would, on the other hand, have agreed to
make indemnity for those spoliations which were
committed under the pretext thatthe United States
were faithless to the obligations of the alliance
between the two countries.
Hence the conclusion that the United States did
not sacrifice private rights or property to get rid
of public obligations, but only refused to reas-
sume public obligations for the purpose of obtain-
ing the recognition of the claims of American
citizens on the part of France.
All those claims which the French Government
was willing to admit were carefully provided for
elsewhere in the convention, and the declaration
of the First Consul, which was appended in his
additional note, had no other application than to
the claims which had been mutually made by the
Governments, but on which they had never ap-
proximated to an adjustment. In confirmation of
the fact that our Government did not intend to
cease from the prosecution of the just claims of
our citizens against France, reference is here made
to the annual message of President Jefferson of
December 8, 1801, which opens with expressions
of his gratification at the restoration of peace
among sister nations; and, after speaking of the
assurances received from all nations with whom
we had principal relations, and of the confidence
thus inspired that our peace with them would not
have been disturbed if they had continued at war
with each other, he proceeds to say:
" But a cessation of irregularitips which had afflicted the
commerce of neutral nations, and of the inflations and
injuries produced by them, cannot but add to this confi-
dence, and strengthen, at the same time, the hope that
wrongs committed on unoffending friend?, under a pressure
of cncuinstances, will now be reviewed with candor, and
will be eousidtred as {bunding just claims of retribution tor
the past and new assmanees for the luiuie."
The zeal and diligence with which the claims
of our citizens against France were prosecuted
appear in the diplomatic correspondence of the
three years next succeeding the convention of
]800, and the eftect of these efforts is made mani-
fest in the convention of 1803, in which provision
was made for payment of a class of cases, the
consideration of winch France had at all previous
periods relut-ed to entertain, and which are of that
very class which it has been often assumed were
released by striking out the second article of the
convention of 1800. This is shown by reference
to the preamble, and to the fourth and fifth articles
of the convention of 1803, by which were admitted
Rmons: the debts due by France to citizens of the
United States the amounts chaigeable for " prizes
made at sea in which the appeal has-been prop-
perly lodged within the time mentioned in the said
convention of the 30:h of September, 3800," and
this class was further defined to be only "cap-
tures of which the council of prizes shall have
ordered restitution, it being well understood that
the claimants cannot have recourse to the United
States, otherwise than he might have had to the
French Republic, and only in case of the insuffi-
ciency of the captors."
If, as was affirmed on all hands, the convention
of 1803 was intended to close all questions be-
tween the Governments of France and the United
States, and 20,000,000 of francs were set apart
as a sum which might exceed, but could not fall
short, of the debts due by France to the citizens
of the United States, how are we to reconcile the
claim now presented with the estimates made by
those who were of the time and immediately con-
nected with the events, and whose mtelligenceand
integrity have, in no small degree, contributed to
the character and prosperity of the country in
which we live? is it rational to assume that the
claimants, who now present themselves for indem-
nity by the United States, represent debts which
would have been admitted and paid by France but
for the intervention of the United States? And is
it possible to escape from the effect of the volu-
minous evidence tending to establish the fact that
France resisted all these claims, that it was only
after long and skillful negotiation that the agents
of the United States obtained the recognition of
such of the claims as were provided for in the
conventions of 1800 and 1803? And is not this
conclusive against any pretensions of possible
success on the part of the claimants if left unaided
to make their applications to France, that the only
debts due* to American citizens, which have been
paid by France, are those which were assumed
by the United States as part of the consideration
in the purchase of Louisiana ?
There is little which is creditable either to the
judgment or patriotism of those of our fellow-
citizens who at this day arraign the justice, the
fidelity, or love of country of the men who founded
the Republic, in representing them as having bar-
tered away the property of individuals to escape
from public obligations, and then to have withheld
from them'just compensation. It has been grati-
fying to me, in tracing the history of these claims,
to find that ample evidence exists to refute an accu-
sation which would impeach the purity, thejustice,
and the magnanimity of the illustrious men who
g-uided and controlled the early destinies of the
Republic.
1 pass from this review of the history of the
subject, and, omitting many substantial objections
to these claims, proceed to examine somewhat
more closely the only grounds upon which they
can by possibility be maintained.
Before entering on this, it may be proper to
state distinctly certain propositions which, it is
admitted on all hands, are essential to prove the
obligations of the Government.
First. That at the date of the treaty of Sep-
tember 30, 1800, these claims were valid and sub-
sisting as against France.
Second. That they were released or extinguished
by the United States in that treaty, and by the
manner ofits ratification.
Third, That they were so released or extin-
guished for a consideration valuable to the Gov-
ernment, but in which the claimants had no more
interest than any other citizens.
The convention between the French Republic
and the United States of America, signed at Paris
on the 30th day of September, 1800, purports in
the preamble to be founded on the equal 0'esire of
the First Consul (Napoleon Bonaparte) and the
President of the United States to terminate the
differences which have arisen between the two
States. It declares, in the first place, that there
shall be firm, inviolable, and universal peace,and
a true and sincere friendship, between the French
Republic and the United States. Next it proceeds,
in the second, third, fourth, and fifth articles, to
make provision in sundry respects, having refer-
ence to past differences and the transition from
the state of war between the two countries to that
of general and permanent peace. Finally, in the
residue of the twenty-seventh article, it stipulates
anew the conditions of amity and intercourse,
commercial and political, thereafter to exist, and,
of course, to be substituted in place of the pre-
vious conditions of the treaties of alliance and of
commerce, and the consular convention, which
are thus tacitly, but unequivocally, recognized as
no longer in force, but in effect abrogated, either
by the state of war or by the political action of the
two Republics.
Except in so far as the whole convention goes
to establish the fact that the previous treaties were
admitted on both sides to be at an end, none of
the articles are directly material to the present
question, save the following:
'•'Art. fl. The ministers plenipotentiary of the two par-
ties not heme able to agree at present, inspecting the treaty
of alliance of 6th February, 1778, the treaty of amity and
commetee of the same date, and the convention of the 14tli
November, 1788, nor upon the indemnities mutually due
or claimed, the parties will negotiate further on theseImb-
jects at a convenient time; and until they may have agreed
upon the«e points, the said treaties and convention shall
have no operation, and the relations of the two countries
shall be regulated as follows :
'•Art. V. The debrscontracted by oneoftbe two nations
with individuals of the other, or by the individuals of one
with the individuals of the other, shall be paid, or the pay-
ment may be pioseeuted in the same manner as if theie had
been no misunderstanding between the two States. But
thi«s clause shall not extend to indemnities claimed on ac-
count of capture? or confiscations."
On this convention being submitted to the Senate
of the United States, they consented and advised
to its ratification, with the following proviso:
" Provided, That the second article be expunged, and that
the following article be added or inserted: It is ngreed that
the pieseut convention bhall be in force for the term oi
eight yeorsfrom the time of the exchange of ratifications."
The spirit and purpose of this change are ap-
parent and unmistakable. The convention, as
signed by the respective plenipotentiaries, did not
adjust all the points of controversy. Both nations,
however, desired the restoration of peace. Ac-
cordingly, as to those matters, in the relations of
the two countries concerning which they could
agree, they did agree for the time being; and as to
the rest, concerning which they could not agree,
they suspended and postponecWurther negotiation.
They abandoned no pretensions, they relin-
quished no right on either side, but simply ad-
journed the question until {<a convenient time."
Meanwhile, and until the arrival of such conve-
nient time, the relations of the two countries were
to be regulated by the stipulations of the conven-
tion.
Of course the convention was, on its face, a
temporary and provisioned one, but in the worst
possible form of prospective termination. It was
to cease at a convenient time. But how should
that convenient time be* ascertained ? It is plain
that such a stipulation, while professedly not dis-
posing of the present controversy, had within
