800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17.
itself the germ of a fresh one; for the two Gov-
ernments might at any moment fall into dispute
on the question whether that convenient time had
or had not arrived. The Senate of the United
States anticipated and prevented this question by
the only possible expedient—that is, the designa-
tion of a precise date. This being done, the re-
maining parts of the second article became super-
fluous and useless; for, as all the provisions of the
convention would expire in eight years, it would
necessarily follow that negotiations must be re-
newed within that period; more especially, as the
operation of the amendment which covered the
whole convention was that even the stipulation of
peace in the first article became temporary, and
expired in eight years, whereas that article, and
that article aione, was permanent, according to
the original tenor of the convention.
The convention thus amended being submitted
to the First Consul, was ratified by him, accom-
panying his act of acceptance by the following de-
claratory note:
" The Government of the United Stares having added in
its ratihcauon that the convention should be in force for the
space of eight years, and having omitted the second artic e,
the Government ot the French Republic consents to accept,
ratify, and confirm the above convention, wnh the addition
impoiting that the convention shall be in force for the space
ot eight years, and with the relienchnient of the second
article: Provided, That by this retrenchment!he two States
renounce the respective pretensions which are theobjectof
the said articles."
The convention, as thus ratified by the First
Consul, having been again submitted to the Senate
of the United States, that body resolved that "they
considered the convention as fully ratified," and
returned the same to the President for promulga-
tion, and it was accordingly promulgated in the
usual form by Piesident Jefferson.
Now, it is clear, that in simply resolving that
ts they considered the convention as fully ratified,"
the Senate did, in fact, abstain from any express
declaration of dissentor assent to the construction
put by the First Consul on the retrenchment of
the second article. If any inference beyond this
•can be drawafrom their resolution, it is, that they
regarded the proviso annexed by the Fust Consul
to his declaration of acceptance as foreign to the
subject, as nugatory, or, as without consequence
or effect. Notwithstanding this proviso, they
considered the ratification as full. If the new
proviso made any change in the previous import
of the convention, then it was not full. And in
considering it a full ratification they, in substance,
deny that the proviso did, in any respect, change
the tenor of the convention.
By the second article, as it originally stood,
neither Republic had relinquished its existing
rights or pretensions either as to other previous
treaties, or the indemnities mutually due or claimed,
but only deferred the consideration of them to a
convenient time. By the amendment of the Sen-
ate of the United States that convenient time, in-
stead of being left indefinite, was fixed at eight
years; but no right or pretension of either party
was surrendered or abandoned.
If the Senate erred in assuming that the proviso
added by the First Consul did not affect the ques-
tion, then the transaction would amount to nothing
more than to have raised a new question to be
disposed of on resuming the negotiations, namely,
the question whether the proviso of the First
Consul did, or not, modify or impair the effect of
the convention as it had been ratified by the Senate.
That such, and such only, was the true mean-
ing and effect of the transaction; that it was not,
and was not intended to be, a relinquishment by
the United States of any existing claim on France,
and especially that it was not an abandonment of
any claims of individual citizens, nor the set-off
ofthese against an^ conceded national obligations
to France, is shown by the fact that President
Jefferson did at once resume and prosecute to suc-
cessful conclusion negotiations to obtain from
France indemnification for the claims of citizens
of the United States existing at the date of that
convention; for, on the 30th of April, 1803, three
treaties were concluded at Paris between the United
States of America and the French Republic, one of
which embraced the cession of Louisiana; another
stipulated for the payment of sixty millions of
francs by the United States to France; and a third
provided that, for the satisfaction of sums due by
France to citizens of the United States at the con-
clusion of the convention of September 30, 1800,
and in express compliance with the second and
fifth articles thereof, a further sum of twenty mil-
lions of francs should be appropriated and paid by
the United States. In the preamble to the first of
these treaties, which ceded Louisiana, it is set
forth that "The President of the United States
of America and the First Consul of the French
Republic, in the name of the French people,
desiring to remove all source of misunderstanding
relative to objects of discussion mentioned in the
second and fifth articles of the convention of the
8th Vendemaire, an. 9, (30th September, 1800,)
relative to the rights claimed by the United States
in virtue of the treaty concluded at Madrid the
27th of October, 1795, between his Catholic Maj-
esty and the said United States, and willing to
strengthen the union and friendship which,at the
lime of the said convention, was happily reestab-
lished between the two nations, have respectively
named their plenipotentiaries," who " have agreed
to the following articles."
Here is the most distinct and categorical decla-
ration of the two Governments, that the matters of
claim in the second article of the convention of
1800 had not been ceded away, relinquished, or
set off, but they were still subsisting subjects of
demand against France. The same declaration
appears in equally emphatic language in the third
of these treaties, beating the same date, the pre-
amble of which recites that—"The President of
the United States of America and the First Consul
of the French Republic, in the name of the French
people, having, by a treaty of this date terminated
all difficulties relative to Louisiana, and estab-
lished, on a solid foundation, the friendship which
unites the two nations, and being desirous, in
compliance with the second and fifth articles of
the convention of the eighth Vendemaire, ninth
year of the French Republic, (September 30,1800,)
to secure the payment of the sums due by France
to the citizens of the United States," and " have
appointed plenipotentiaries," who agreed to the
following among other articles:
"Art. I. The debts due by France to citizens of the
United States, contracted before the 8th of Vend6maire,
ninth year of the French Ilepuhhc (tfOth September, I&00,)
shall be paid according u> the lollowing regulations, with
interest at six per centum, to commence from the periods
when the accounts and vouchers were presented to the
French Goverrvment.
'• Art. 11. The debts provided for by the preceding arti-
cle aie iho&e whose lesult is comprised in the conjectuial
note (a) annexed to the present convention, and which,
with the interest, cannot exceed the sumot twenty millions
ot francs. The claims comprised in the said note which
tall within the exceptions of the following articles shall not
be admitted to the bentfit of Uns provision.5'
"Art. IV. It is expressly agreed that the preceding arti-
cles' shall compiehend no debts but such as are due to citi-
zens of the United States, who have been and are yet cred-
itors of France for supplies, lor embargoes, and prizes uiade
at &ca, in which the appeal has been properly lodged within
the time mentioned m the said convention, 8th Vend^maire,
ninth year, (30th September, 18U0 )
" Art. V. The preceding articles shall apply only—1st,
to captures of which the council of prizes shall have ordered
restitution, it being well understood that the elainmntcan-
nothave recourse to the United States, otherwise than he
might have had to the Governmentof the French Republic,
and only m case ot nisufficiei cy ot the captors ; Sid, ihe
debts mentiomd in the ^aid fifth article of the convention
contracted before the 8th Vendemaire, an. 9, (30th Sep-
tember, 1600,) the payment of which has been heretofore
claimed of the actual Government ot France, and lor which
the creditors have a right to the protection of the United
Slates; the said fifth article does not comprehend pnzes
whose condemnation lias been or shall be confirmed. It is
the express intention of the contracting parties not to extend
the benefit of the present convention to reclamations of
American citizens who shall have established houses of
commerce in France, England, or other countries than the
United States, m partnership with foreigners, and who by
that reason,on the nature of their commerce, ought to be
regarded as domiciliated m th - places where such houses
exist. All agreements and bargains concerning merchan-
dise, which shall not be the property of American citizens,
are equally excepted from the benefit of the said conven-
tion, saving, however, to such persons their claims m like
manner as if this treaty had not been made."
"Art. XII. Incase of claims for debts contracted by
the Government of France with citizens of the United
States, since the 8th Venddmaire, ninth year, (IjOih Sep-
tember, lb00,) not being comprised m this convention, may
be pursued, and the payment demanded in the same man-
ner as if ic had not been made."
Other articles of the treaty provide for the
appointment of agents to liquidate the claims
intended to be secured, and for the payment of
them, as allowed, at the Treasury of the United
States. The following is the concluding clause
of the tenth article:
" The rtjection of any claim shall have no other effect
than to exempt the United tr tales from the payment of it,
the French Government reserving to itself the right to de-
cide definitely on such claim so far as it concerns itself,"
Now, from the provisions of the treaties thus
collated, the following deductions undeniably foi-
low, namely:
First. Neither the second article of the conven-
tion of 1800, as it originally stood, nor the re-
trenchment of that article, nor the proviso in the
ratification by the First Consul, nor the action of
the Senate of the United States thereon, was re-
garded by either France or the United States as
the renouncement of any claims of American cit-
izens against France.
Second. On the contrary, in the treaties of 1803
the two Governments took up the question pre-
cisely where it was left on the day of the signa-
ture of that of 1800, without suggestion on the
part of France, that the claims of our citizens
were excluded by the retrenchment of the second
article; or the note of the First Consul, and pro-
ceeded to make ample provision for such as France
could be .induced to admit were justly due, and
they were accordingly discharged m full, with
interest, by the United States in the stead and
behalf of France.
Third. The United States, not having admitted
in the convention of 1800 that they were under
any obligations to France, by leason of the abro-
gation of the treaties of 1778 and 1788, persevered
in this view of the question by the tenor of the
teeaties of 1803, and, therefore, had no such na-
tional obligation to discharge; and did not, either
in purpose or in fact, at any time, undertake to
discharge themselves from any such obligation at
the expense and with the property of individual
citizens of the United States.
Fourth. By the treaties of 1803, the United
States obtained from France the acknowledgment
and payment, as part of the indemnity for the
cession of Louisiana, of claims of citizens of the
United States for spoliations, so far as France
would admit her liability in the premises; but
even then the United Stales did not relinquish any
claim of American citizens not provided for by
those treaties; so far from it, to the honor of
France be it remembered, she expressly reserved
to herself the right to reconsider any rejected
claims of citizens of the United States.
Fifth. As to claims of citizens of the United
States against France, which had been the subject
of controversy between the two countries prior to
the signature of the convention of 1800, and the
further consideration of which was reserved for a
more convenient time by the second article of that
convention: for these claims, and these only, pro-
vision was made in the treaties of 1803—all other
claims being expressly excluded by them from
their scope and purview.
It is not to be overlooked, though not necessary
to the conclusion, that by the convention between
France and the United States of the 4ih of July,
1831, complete provision was made for the liquid-
ation, discharge, and payment, on both sides, of
all claims of citizens of either against the other
for unlawful seizures, captures, sequestrations, or
destructions of the vessels, cargoes, or other prop-
erty, without any limitation of time, so as in terms
to run back to the date of the last preceding set-
tlement, at least to that of 2803, if riot to the
commencement of our national relations with
France.
This review of the successive treaties between
France and the United States has brought my
mind to the undoubting conviction that while the
United States have in the most ample and the
completest manner discharged their duty towards
such of their citizens as may have been at any
time aggrieved by acts of the French Government,
so, also, France has honorably discharged herself
of all obligations in the premises towards the Uni-
ted States. ' To concede what this bill assumes,
would be to impute undeserved reproach both to
France and to the United States.
I am, of course, aware that the bill proposes
only to provide indemnification for .such valid
claims of citizens of the United States against
France as shall not have been stipulated for and
embraced in any of the treaties enumerated. But
in excluding all such claims, it excludes all, in fact*
for which, during the negotiations, France could
be persuaded to agree that she was in any wise
liable to the United States, or our citizen?. Wha'
remains? And for what is five millions appro-
priated? In view of what has been said, there
would seem to be no ground on which to raise a
liability of the United States, unless it be the
