THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2b Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1855.
New Series No. 51.
assumption that the United States are to be con-
sidered the insurers and the guarantorof all claims,
of whatever nature, which any individual citizen
may have against a foreign nation.
FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Washington, February 17, 1855.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Considering that
this is the exercise on the part of the President of
a high constitutional prerogative which was never
designed to be used, except upon extraordmaiy
occasions, considering the number of persons in-
terested in the bill now brought again before us,
and the consideration it has heretofore received
from the country and its representatives in the two
Houses of Congress, 1 do not think that we ought
to proceed to consider this veto until the message
has been printed. I think that the spirit of the
Constitution is, that in such a case as this we
ought to have a larger latitude of judgment than
we can have from merely hearing the message
read. As little impressed as 1 am with the reason-
ing of the veto, I think it yet due to the President
that we should have an opportunity of deliberately
studying that document. I do not desire it for
myself; but I think it is due to the occasion, that
we should have that opportunity. I am a friend
of the Administration, but I am still moreafriend
of the veto power; and I therefore wish the
House to have an opportunity to consider whether
this has been an occasion where it has been prop-
erly invoked. I hope it may be the pleasure of
the Mouse to postpone the consideration of this
message until "Wednesday next. I said at first
Tuesday.
Many Members. Say Wednesday.
Mr. BAYLY. I shall not be well by Monday,
and I want to say something upon this subject. I
move that the further consideration of the message
be postponed until Wednesday next.
Mr. PRESTON. X would ask the gentleman
from Virginia to make a motion to have the mes-
sage printed in the meantime.
Mr. BAYLY. I meant to follow" up my mo-
tion with that motion. If the message shall be
postponed, I will ask to have it printed. My
friend from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] suggests
that I should name half past twelve on Wednes-
day.
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh, say Thursday.
Mr. BAYLY. I should prefer Thursday my-
self, but I cannot please everybody.
The SPEAKER. If the consideration of the
message is postponed until Wednesday next, it
will come up as the first business in order on that
day.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I regret very
much that there is so short a time remaining of
this session, as must necessarily preclude any
lengthened or elaborate discussion of the paper
which has just been read. I, sir, should be as
much gratified as any gentleman here, if every
member m this House who desires it, could have
full and ample time to express his views upon the
principles of the bill, and of the duty of the Presi-
dent to return it with his objections. But, sir,
we have the entire business almost of this session
upon our hands, undisposed of. We have but
twelve legislative days remaining; and convinced
as I am that there is not time to give it that discus-
sion and consideration which gentlemen would be
glad to give it 
Mr. BAYLY. I would say to my friend my
Tennessee that it is not my purpose to ask the
House to spend more than one day upon this
message, and considering the magnitude of the*
question involved, 1 do not think that it is asking
too much of the House to give it one day.
Mr. HUNT. Certainly not.
Mr. BAYLY. As it came from the committee
of which I have the honor to be the chairman, and
as i have asked no favor of the House at this ses-
sion, I do think that we might be permitted to
have one day, and I assure my friend from Ten-
nessee that I will not ask more than one day.
Allow me to state to my friend, further, what is
my object in naming a day. We did not know
51
when this message was to come in, although v/e
have been anticipating it. The object I have in
naming a day is that the Representatives of the
American people may know when the question is
coming up here, and the day when the bill is to be
reconsidered, so that we may have a full, fair, and
impartial vote upon it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the gentleman
from Tennessee will give the gentleman from Vir-
ginia an opportunity to say all he can say in favor
of the measure.
Mr. SEWARD. There is not time.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I think we shall be able
to satisfy him that the President's veto is right,
and ought to be sustained.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the House
should determine to postpone the consideration of
the message, and we should appropriate to its
consideration only one day, as the gentleman
from Virginia suggests, but very few of the two
hundred and thirty-four members of this House
can be heard upon it. And, sir, with a sense of
the pressing nature of the public business, and the
importance of having it, if possible, disposed of,
and finding that there are a number of gentlemen
in the House who are disposed to vote on it to-day,
I hope the majority will determine whether they
will do so or not; and for the purpose of testing
that point, whether or not the majority are now
prepared to vote upon it, 1 ask the previous question.
Mr. HCJNT. I hope the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] will not insist on his demand
for the previous question.
Mr. JONES. If the majority be against it, the
call for the previous question can be voted down.
Mr. HUNT. The gentleman from Tennessee
has said what he wanted to say. If there is to be
a gag law established 
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!" and " Glues-
tion !"]
The SPEAKER. The question is on second-
ing the demand for the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. On that I demand tellers.
Mr. ORR. I desire to ask what the previous
question will operate on. Will it be on the motion
to postpone?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question be
seconded the motion to postpone will be cut off,
and the House will be brought to vote upon the
reconsideration of the bill.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Rijddle and
Grey were appointed.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 62, noes 90.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
demand for the previous question was not sec-
onded.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
motion of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly,] to postpone the consideration of this
matter till Wednesday next, and to have the veto
message printed.
Mr. PRESTON. On that motion I call for the
previous question.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. (To Mr. SewArd ) The
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Preston] was
recognized by the Chair.
Mr. PRESTON. I believe the question before
the House is on the motion of the gentleman from
Virginia to postpone till Wednesday?
The SPEAKER. That is the question.
Mr. PRESTON. Then, I call for the previous
question.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Virginia to defer the consideration of
this matter till next Saturday.
[Loud cries of " No !" " No !"]
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I suggest that the motion
be to postpone the consideration of this matter till
Thursday, at the same hour as that named by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has not named aD hour.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Well,say half pasttwelve
o'clock. The reason of the change which I pro-
pose is this 
Mr. PRESTON, (interrupting.) I believe, Mr.
Speaker, that I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was under the
impression that the gentleman from Kentucky had"
relinquished the floor. Is the Chair mistaken
about that?
Mr. PRESTON. I desired that the House
should come to a vote on the proposition of the
gentleman from Virginia. I will, however, relin-
quish the floor.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. My reason in proposing
the change of time from Wednesday to Thuisday
is this: I understand that it is probable we may
get through the civil and diplomatic bill on Wed-
nesday evening. In that event, it would be de-
sirable to have the consideration of this matter
postponed till Thursday athalf pasttwelve o'clock;
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from York [Mr. Walbridge] will yield me the
floor a moment, I would suggest, to accommodate
the House—if it meet the views of the gentleman
from Virginia—that this matter be made the special
order of the day for Saturday next, and that the
House meet at ten o'clock on that day.
[Loud cries of " Oh, no ; say Wednesday!"!
Mr. SEWARD. The floor has been transferred
from the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Pres-
ton] to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Walbridge,] and then to the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.] Now, I should like to
know why those gentlemen should have the right
to the floor, and 1 should be refused it?
[Cries of "Order1" "Question!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair requests leave
to explain to the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Seward.] While the vote was being taken by
tellers, the gentleman from Georgia rose in his
place and moved that the House adjourn. The
Chair, however, did not recognize the gentleman,
and could not at that time, for such purpose. The
gentleman from Kentucky afterwards regularly
obtained the floor, having been recognized by the
Chair. Having finished what he had to say, the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Walbridge]
was as regularly assigned the floor by the Speaker.
The gentleman from New York has given way to
one or two gentlemen, to make explanations.
Mr, WALBRIDGE. 1 now move that the
consideration of this message be deferred until
next Thursday, at half past twelve o'clock, and I
will give way for no one.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from New York would be the first in order, which
is to postpone until Thursday next, that being the
longest time fixed upon by any of the proposi-
tions.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to adjourn, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I withdraw the prop-
osition for Thursday next, and suggest that the
consideration of the message be deferred until
Wednesday next, at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. LETCHER. I propose that we defer the
matter till next Wednesday evening at half past
seven o'clock; and the object I have in making that
motion is to afford us opportunity for discussion.
If we agree upon that time for discussion, it will
not interfere with the business ofthe House under
the resolution adopted the other day, by which an
arrangement was made that discussions of this
kind or any other kind which did not relate to the
business immediately before the House, should
be made in evening session. I move, therefore,
that the consideration of this subject be made the
special order for Wednesday evening next at half
past seven o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
; ginia[Mr. Bayly] moves to postpone the consid-
eration of this subject until Wednesday next at
j half past twelve o'clock. The gentleman from
' New York [Mr. Walbridge] moves to make the
i time Thursday next, at half pasttwelve o'clock.
