1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
803
proposition be made the special order for Thurs-
day next, and that no motion Khali be in order
until it is disposed of.
[Cries of "No!" "No!" " That will not do!"]
Mr. HARRIS, of [Mississippi. Will the gen-
tleman from South Carolina allow me to ask a i
question r
Mr. KEITT. I will.
Mr. HARRIS. I want to test the sincerity of
the House in reference to this matter of evening
sessions. I want to know whether we are to
have evening sessions for the purpose of letting
off e;as 
The SPEAKER. That is not the question
before the House.
Mr. HARRIS. Well, sir, I will come to the
question before the House •
Mr. KEITT. I cannot yield the floor longer.
1 am satisfied with the explanation which h8s j;
been given by my friend from Virginia, and will j!
cheerfully vote for his proposition. 1 will not j
vote for that of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ij
Campbell,] because, if the time of the House is j;
so precious that we cannot afford to spare one day
next week, we certainly cannot afford to spare the ;■
3d of March, when the time of the House wiil be
much more precious.
Mr. CAMPBELL. There is not much danger
of any time being lost if we postpone the matter
until the 3d of March.
Mr. BARKSDALE. It seems to me that the
proposition made by the gentleman from Tennes-
see is the proper one. The claims provided for
by this bill have been discussed for the last fifty
years. They have been voted upon repeatedly m
this House and in the Senate. Report after re-
port has been made upon them to both Houses of
Congress. The ablest statesmen of the country
have investigated and elucidated all the facts con-
nected with this bill, it passed this House, the
present session, afteran elaborate and able discus-
sion. The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly,]
to whom I always listen with pleasure and profit, if
X am not very much mistaken, made two speeches
upon it. He has, then, had a fair opportunity to
discuss its provisions. The history oftheseclaims
is well known to the House, nnd no new light can
be shed upon it by furth'er discussion. I submit
to the House, therefore, if, at this late period of
the session, when there is so much business press-
ing upon us, we should not proceed to vote on the
bill to-day, and consume no more time with it.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, my
friend from Mississippi certainly misunderstood
entirely my purpose. My voice is so far gone
that I was probably not heard by him. I stated
that my motive in fixing a day certain for con-
sidering this bill, was not for the purpose of ex-
tended debate, but that the Representatives of the
American people ought to know when the vote
was to be taken.
Mr. BARKSDALE resumed 
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask the gentleman from
Mississippi to allow me to say a word.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I would like to accom-
modate my friend from Maryland, but I must de-
cline to yield the floor. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Virginia, that the House is much
fuller now than it usually is. I believe we can
have as large a vote to-day as at any future period
of the session. There is no necessity for post-
poning a vote on the bill. Notwithstanding the
efforts of the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs [Mr. Faulkner] to induce the House
to do so, the bill to increase the Army has not been
acted upon. Our whole western frontier is de-
fenseless, and exposed to the depredations of the
Indians. Congress has been called upon by the
President to increase the Army, and give the Gov- ;
ernment the means to protect our citizens, but his j
earnest recommendations have not been heeded.
The bill reported by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, to construct additional sloops
of war, so necessary for the protection of our com-
merce, has not been disposed of. The civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill has not been touched
even. Very nearly the whole time of the present
session of Congress has been engrossed with bills
of a private nature and bills of this character, and
the public business has been neglected—I liked to
have said, shamefully neglected—to legislate upon
bills to plunder the Treasury. I am, then, in
favor of taking the vote now. We are as well pre-
pared to do so as we will be at any future period,
Mr. HUNT. I hope the gentleman will allow
me to «av a word.
Mr. PHILLIPS also rose.
Mr. DARKSDALE. I yieldfirst to my friend
from Alabama.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi is, that we should proceed
at once to take a vote upon the bill which has been
vetoed by the Ptesident. Nov/, I would ask my
friend from Mississippi if we are fulfilling our con-
stitutional obligations, if we are paying proper
respect to the President of the United States if we
accede to his proposition ?
Why, sir, what is it that the Constitution has
provided? it is, sir, that when a bill has been
passed by the two Houses it shall be presented to
the President; if the President approve it, he shall
sign it; if he disapprove it, he shall send it back to
the House in which it originated, and that House
shall then proceed—to do what? To consider the
reasons winch he has advanced. Now, sir, is it
a proper consideration m any constitutional sense,
that, when a message, covering some sixty or
seventy pages of manuscript, has just been read
by the clerk, we should be called upon at once to
proceed to a vote ? Sir, no gentleman can say that
he has given that consideration, not to the bill, not
to the discussions which have taken place, but to
the President's reasons. That is what we are to
consider.
Gentlemen say that we have heard debates upon
this bill. True, but that is notthe question. The
question presented is on the reasons given by the
President for his veto, it seems to me, sir, in
conclusion, as i said in the beginning, that if we
procecd at once to a vote upon the bill, the Presi-
dent's reasons having been only just read at the
clerk's desk, and being in their character very
lengthy and very voluminous, we shall be neither
fulfilling our duty in considering them in a con-
stitutional sense, nor shall we be paying proper
respect to the Executive who has furnished us
with those reasons.
Mr. BARKSDALE resumed the floor.
Mr. HUNT. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi to yield to me for a moment or two.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I will do so.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. !
Mr. HUNT. The honorable member has !
alluded to certain great interests of the country.
Those interests, sir, wiil be protected.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Maine insist on his question of order5
Mr. HUNT. Allow me one word, if you please.
Mr. WASHBURN. I will waive the question
of order for the present.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I have yielded the floor
temporarily to the gentleman from Louisiana.
Mr. HUNT, (resuming.) The great interests
of the country to which the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi has alluded, will doubtless be provided
for. \VewilI not disperse without protecting our
citizens on the frontier. All the other great inter-
ests of the people to which the gentleman has
referred, will also be taken care of. But, sir,
shall we not take care of that high interest intrusted
to us by the people of this country, our constitu-
tional right to legislate freely and independently
as the representatives of a free people? That, sir,
is the great question involved m the consideration
of the President's message, which has just been
read. Are we to be the slaves of Executive
power? Is the legislative will of this country to
be trampled under foot? Are we to cease to be a
} free people, and to speak authoritatively and effect-
i ually through the two Houses of Congress?
j These, sir, are the questions which I shall be pre-
i pared to argue at the proper time, and which my
j noble friend from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] was not
i allowed to discuss before you. It is not a mere
! question as to the opinion of the Executive upon
I the facts reported in his message, which facts have
t been heretofore examined and discussed; but the
! true question—the constitutional question—the
great question of liberty, is this: Shall we, the
people of the United States, through the Congress
1 of the United States, be allowed to exercise our
| constitutional power of legislation, or shall the
| Executive of the country be permitted to control
i and set aside that power, and to substitute his will
j for that of the National Legislature?
t Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I believe that
t all sides have now said enough.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman from Maine.
Mr. WASHBURN. I rise to renew my point
of order, and I wiil state it. I believe that the
question immediately before the House is upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] to postpone the consideration of this
message until the 3d of March. It is an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Walbridge,] and I submit that
the remarks of the gentleman from Mississippi are
not pertinent to that question, and are not in
order. I trust that we shall come to a vote at
once.
Mr. BARKSDALE/ I am just about as much
in order as the gentleman from Maine generally
is. I am confining myself strictly to the subject
under consideration.
Mr. STRAUB. Is a motion to adjourn in
order ?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order if the
gentleman could obtain the floor to make it; but
he cannot do so, as the gentleman from Missis-
sippi is upon the floor. TheChairhas not under-
stood the gentleman from Mississippi to do more
than discuss the propriety of postponing the con-
sideration of the message. Within that limit, he
is clearlv in order.
Mr. WASHBURN. The gentleman is discuss-
ing the propriety of postponingat all, whereas the
question is between Wednesday and Thursday.
[Loud and general cries of "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The propriety of postponing
is certainly embraced in the amendment, and in
the orginal proposition, and, therefore, may be
discussed.
Mr. WASHBURN. The direct question is be-
tween Wednesday and Thursday.
[Renewed cries of" Older!"]
M r. SOLLERS. Will the gentleman from Mis-
| sisaippi aliow me to make a motion that the House
j do now adjourn?
| Mr. BARKSDALE. I prefer not to yield for
\ that purpose.
j The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Missis-
i sippi is entitled to the floor, and will proceed with
I his remarks.
| Mr. BARKSDALE. I beg leave, for the benefit
| of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Phillips,]
l to read the clause of the Constitution to which he
, ha^ referred. It is as follows:
! ''Every bill wlm.-h shall have pcusod the House of Repre-
sentative and the Senate, shall, before it become a law,
be presorted to Hie 1'ie-adent ot tho United States; if ho
appiovo lie ^hall eicpi it, but if not he shall return it, with
hi* objections, to that House in which it shall have ori-
ginated, who shall (mter the objections at large on their
Journal, and pioc«ed to reconsider it. if, after such recon-
sideration, two thirds of that House shall n^ree to pass tha
bill, u shall be sent, together with the objections, to the other
liou^e, by which it shall likewise be reconsidered, and if
approved by two thirds of that House, it shall become a
law. Hut in all such eases the votes of both Houses shall
be dctenmned by yeas and nays, and the names of the
persons voting for and against the bill shall be entered on
the Journal of each House respectively."
That is the language of the Constitution. It
does not say that the bill shall be discussed. It
does not say that there shall be a debate upon it
on the floor of the House, but that the House
shall "proceed to reconsider it." I ask the gentle-
man from Alabama if voting upon it is not re-
considering it? Is it not the highest reconsidera-
tion that we can give it? When we "reconsider"
a bill, do we discuss or vote upon it. Reconsid-
ering is voting upon it. Let me say further, in
reply to the gentleman from Louisiana, that the
rights of this body have not been invaded. The
power of legislation is vested, by the Constitution,
m Congress; but no bill can become a law until
it has been approved by the President. Congress
has exercised us rights under the Constitution,
and the President has exercised his. What right
of Congress, then, has been invaded? I insist that
now is the time to act upon the President's mes-
sage, in order that $-e may prevent the unneces-
sary consumption of time, and that we may pro-
ceed to the consideration of other business of the
highest interest to the country.
'Mr. HUGHES. It seems to me, Mr. Speaker,
that there is not so much contrariety of opinion as
regards the propriety of doing something as there
is as to what we shall do. I believe that the House
are resolved to take some action upon the question
whieh is before them. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bayly,] under the circumstances of
i the case—this being a long and argumentative
