804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
message—desires time for members to have an op-
portunity to examine it and act understanding^,
when they come to vote on reconsidering the bill.
It seems to me, then, that the motion to postpone
until Wednesday iff wisely made, and that the
House ought to take that action.
Sir, while gentlemen upon the right hand and
upon the left, are urging tne important interests of
the country upon the House, it seems to me that
it is wrong to take up time in discussing this ques-
tion. It is not so much a question as regards
what we shall do as when we shall do it. If the
consideration of this message is postponed until
Wednesday the House can coolly and calmly meet
the question and act upon it. There can be no
manner of doubt that one day will meet the views
of all the members of the House, so far as they
desire to discuss this question, and I implore and
entreat the House to come to a vote upon the
various propositions which have been made with-
out further discussion or delay. I trust that no
more time will be consumed in this way, and that
the House will vote down the proposition of the
gentleman from O'rio, [Mr. Campbell,] which 1
consider—with all due consideration to the gentle-
man—is disrespectful to the President of the Uni-
ted States, who, in the exercise of a high prerog-
ative, has sent in his message to this House. I
trust that we shall now proceed to vote, and that
the Houee will settle down on Wednesday for the
consideration of this matter; for, though I should
prefer to have it deferred for one day longer, still
I will be glad to have Wednesday fixed, so as to
get that question before the consideration of the
House.
Mr. BAMILTONTI think, Mr. Speaker, that
we are now as far from coming to a determination
of the time when this veto message will be con-
sidered as we were when it was sent in. If the
House adjourns this evening without fixing any
time for its consideration, it will be the first busi-
ness in order on Monday, which will be as good a
a day for that purpose as any other we can fix.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. HAMILTON. If the House adjourn now,
we will then dispose of this matter on Monday.
That is a day which is generally lost in motions
to suspend the rules.
Mr. KEITT. Will the veto message be printed
in the meantime?
Mr. HAMILTON". Yes; it can be printed.
It will be published in the papers. Every member
of the House will have an opportunity of reading
it, and of coming, I am sure, to some determina-
tion in respect to it. The opinion of the House,
at all events, is already made up on the matter.
Nothing can, in oneway or other, alter the opinion
of the House, or any member of it.
Mr. PECKtlAM. I am not so sure of that.
Mr. HAMILTON. I am willing to abide by
the opinion of the House. Now, I think that as
this message comes up regularly in order on
Monday, and as that day will be a compromise
between those gentlemen who desire to have it
postponed till Wednesday and those who wish
for its immediate consideration, the best way is for
the House to adjourn. I therefore move that the
House do now adjourn.
The question was taken by division; and the
Speaker announced seventy-four voting in the
affirmative
Mr. WHEELER. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Breckinridge
and Wheeler were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
■—ayes eighty-one.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The tellers resumed their place, and reported—
ayes 90, noes 76.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
The House (at half past th|ee o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned to meet on Monday at twelve o'clock,m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 19, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore kid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, accompa-
nied by seventy-five copies of the official Army
Register for 1855; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
FOREIGN INTERPOSITION.
Mr. CASS. I intended, with the permission of
the Senate, to make some remarks to-day connected
with some which I presented last session in regard
to the declaration of Lord Clarendon, that the
alliance of England with France extended to ques-
tions relating to all quarters of the globe, and his
kte denial that the construction which I gave to
his declaration was the true one. I am yet labor-
ing under the effects of a cold; and, therefore,
without making the infliction upon the Senate to-
day, I shall postpone my remarks until to-mor-
row, and ask leave to make them then.
WROUGHT IRON BEAMS AND GIRDERS.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, a letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury to him, as chairman of
the Committee on Finance, accompanied by a re-
port relative to the use of wrought iron beams and
girders in the buildings authorized to be erected
for the accommodation of the United States courts,
custom-houses, post offices, &c., and asking an
appropriation for the complete testing of the
strength of the same, was ordered to be printed
for the use of the Senate.
PETITIONS, ETC 
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of C. E.
Anderson, late secretary of legation to France,
praying to be allowed additional compensation
during the time he acted as charge d'affaires at
that court; which was leferred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Car-
rington Wilson, praying the extension of his
patent for an improvement in the cooking stove; '
which was referred to the Committee on Patents '
and the Patent Office.
Also, the proceedingsof ameetingof merchants
and others connected with commerce, held in New
York, in favor of tlie passage of the bill " to reg-
ulate the carriage of passengers by steamships and
other vessels," which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. BAYARD presented three petitions of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, praying an appropriation for
the erection of a building for the accommodation
of the United States courts, post office, and other
public offices in that city; also, relative to the loca-
tion of the same; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Martha
W. Clark, widow of Truman Clark, a soldier in
the war of 1812, praying to be allowed a sum of
money transmitted to her through the mail, but
which never came to hand, with interest thereon;
also a half-pay pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions. .
Mr. JOHNSON presented eleven petitions of I
citizens of Philadelphia, praying an appropriation I
for the erection of a building for the accommoda-
tion of the United States courts, post office, and
other public offices m that city; also, relative to j
the location of the same; which was referred to the j
Committee on the Post Office and Tost Roads. j
Mr. DAWSON presented a memorial of the !
inspectors of the penitentiary of the District of t
Columbia, praying for the restoration of their for- i
mer salary; which was refarrpd to the Committee I
on the District of Columbia. I
Mr. CHASE presented the petition of Polly i
Scott, widow of John W. Scott, praying to be ]
allowed the bounty land and pay to which her son,
Benjamin B. Seott, was entitled on account of mil-
itary services in Mexico; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
JAMES ROBERTSON.
Mr. BADGER. I present the memorial of
James Robertson, praying remuneration, out of the
contingent fund of the Senate, by way of damages
on account of his arrest and imprisonment under
circumstances set out in the memorial. I ask its
reference to the Committee to Audit and Control
the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
Mr. EVANS. 1 hope not.
The PRESIDENT. It will be so referred unless
objected to.
Mr. EVANS subsequently said: My friend
from North Carolina presented a memorial of
James Robertson, and moved its reference to the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate. The same thing was
referred to that committee last session. They
reported against it, and no man in the Senate could
be found to object to the report. I therefore object
to the reference of this petition to that committee.
If any gentleman desires it to go to any other com-
mittee I have no objection; but I object to its
going to that committee, because they have already
reported against it, and their report has been sanc-
tioned by the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The only way to attain
the object is to move a reconsideration of the vote
by which it was referred.
Mr. EVANS. There was no vote upon it.
Mr. BADGER. If the Senator were to read
this memorial, he would find that the case wa3
never properly presented before that committee.
[Laughter.]
Mr. EVANS. I hope it will be referred to a
special committee, of which the honorable Senator
shall be chairman. [Laughter.] I was willing to
give the man something, but he made a very
extravagant demand.
Mr. BADGER. Only for $25,000.
Mr. EVANS. I hope it will not be referred.
The Senator moved its reference, but I objected to
it; and there was no vote taken upon it. I move
that it lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That William B. Scott have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Scott Campbell, interpreter to the Sioux
Indians, praying the payment to him of certain
money, and confirmation of title to a certain tract
of land, as stipulated in the treaty with the Sioux
Indians, of September 28, 1837, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following petitions, &c., asked
to be discharged from the'ir further consideration,
which was agreed to:
The petition of J. Williams, praying remunera-
tion for merchandise and provisions distributed to
the chiefs and people of the Coahuila and San
Louis Rey tribes of Indians, at Rancho del Chino,
California.
The memorial of R. W. Thompson, asking
compensation for services rendered by him as
attorney for the Menomonee Indians.
The memorial of John C. Morris and Eliza
McKee, Cherokee Indians, residing in the State
of North Carolina, asking indemnity for being
deprived of the preemptions to which they were
entitled under the treaty between the United States
and the Cherokees in 1835 and 1836.
The memorial of B. F. Marshall, praying com-
pensation for beef and other provisions furnished
to Indians in California.
The petition of Edmund Falling, an eastern
Cherokee, praying that he, his wife, and children,
may be allowed the same amount of money (per
capita) as was allowed to the other Cherokees by
the acts of Congress of 1850, 1851, and 1854.
The petition of William Leonard, praying in-
demnification for depredations committed by the
Pawnee Indians on his cattle, while being driven
from the Atlantic States to California.
The petition of the heirs of Nathaniel Steele,
praying indemnity on account of damages sus-
tained by his being ejected, by the United States
troops, from a valuable tract of land, purchased of
a half-breed Cherokee.
The petition of Dr. Roger B. Ironside, praying
remuneration for professional services rendered to
the Shasta Indians, by direction of a United States
Indian agent.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print the
report and map of A. B. Gray, late United States
surveyor under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
relative to the Mexican boundary, reported the
following resolution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That two thousand copies of slie said report
be printed, and the map engraved, for the use of the Senate;
and that the Superintendent of Public Printing be author-
ized and directed to add to such map any additions! inform-
ation obtained by Mr. Gray in his recent explorations
