1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-m
through the newly acquired territory from Mexico: Pro-
' vided, That any such addition shall not exceed the sum of
thirty cents per copy ; aiHi that one hundred copies be and
• are hereby appropriate^,^ use of A. B. Gray.
Mr. BRAINERD, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of the heirs of Nathan Weeks, a lieuten-
ant of the Revolution, who was killed in action,
praying to be allowed the pay due to him, and
the seven years' half-pay due his widow and chil-
dren, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for their relief; which was read and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the heirs of Colonel
Charles Lewis, praying seven years' half-pay,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the memorial of the heirs of
Lieutenant Colonel Uriah Forrest, for half-pay
under resolves of Congress of 10th April and 21st
October, 1780, with interest, deducting seven
years' half-pay advanced by the State of Mary land,
also with interest, submitted an adverse report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Susannah Hayne
Pinckney, praying remuneration for the services
of her father, Richard Shubrick, during the revo-
lutionary war, submitted an adverse report there-
on; which was ordered to be printed.
military reservations.
Mr. STUART submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent
and agreed to:
Resolced, That the Secretary of War be requosted to
communicate to the Senate whether there were originally
appropriations of land for military purposes at Fort. Lara-
mie, Fort Ripley on the Kansas, old Fort Kearny on the
Missouri, and new Fort Kearny on the Platte, or either of
them, and if so, the extent and area of each so originally
appropriated; and if there were not such original appro-
priations, then what extent of land is claimed by the War
Department as belonging to each of said forts oi military
reservations respectively.
history of public affairs.
Mr. DAWSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed
to purchase, for the use of the Senate, twenty thousand
copies of " The State of the Union, a Documentary His-
tory of the Public Affairs of the United States, Foieign and
Domestic, for the year 1654:" Provided, The saiBe can bo
procured at a price not exceeding one dollar per copy.
custom-house at cleveland.
Mr. WA DE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to report to the Senate whether in his opinion the public
service requires the erection at Cleveland, in the State*ot
Ohio, of a building for the accommodation of the custom-
house, post office, and the district and circuit courts of the
northern district of Ohio; and if so, to furnish an estimate
of the cost of such building.
custom house at pensacola.
Mr. MORTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of causing a building to be
erected at t'ensacola, Florida, for a custom-house, Willi
accommodations for a post otiice and the courts of the
United States.
bills introduced.
Mr. WELLER asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a joint
resolution for the relief of Theodore Adams;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HAMLIN asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to
establish the collection districts of Cape Perpetua
and Port Orford, in the Territory of Oregon, and
to fix the salaries of the officers of the customs
therein; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Gommerce.
Mr. MASON, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint
resolution for the arrangement of the clerks in the
Department of State; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
message from the president.
A messagfe was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre-
tary, announcing that he had approved and signed
the following acts:
An act authorizing the construction of a line of
telegraph from the Mississippi or Missouri river,
to the Pacific ocean; and
An act for the relief of Zachariah Lawrence, of
Ohio.
the late governor burt.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of the repre-
sentatives of Francis Burt, late Governor of Ne-
braska, have instructed me to report a joint reso-
lution " for the settlement of the accounts of the
late Governor Burt." I presume, when it is read,
there will be no objection to it.
The joint resolution was read twice, and con-
sidered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to direct that in the settlement of
the accounts of the late Governor Burt, there be
paid to his legal representatives the amount of his
salary as Governor of Nebraska for the period of
six months.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
mrs. j. j. m'clellan.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Mrs-.
J. Josephine McClellan, widow of Lieutenant
Colonel McClellan of the United States Army,
have instructed me to ask for the recommittal of
the petition and papers in her case. They were
originally referred to the Committee on Pensions;
but we were discharged from their consideration
upon the ground that a general bill had been re-
ported from the committee by the Senator from
Alabama [Mr. Clay] to provide for her case, and
all other widows similarly situated. I am now
instructed by the same committee to report a bill
for the relief of Mrs. J. Josephine McClellan, and
to ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to
consider it now.
The bill was read,and ordered toasecond read-
in%"he PRESIDENT. The bill will be read a
second time if no objection be made.
Mr. CLAY. I object.
wisconsin land district.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin. I present three
petitions of citizens ofWisconsin, asking the es-
tablishment of a land district on Lake Superior,
and ask for their reference to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. WALKER. It is usual for such petitions
to be referred to the Committee on Public Lands;
but I hold in my hand a bill upon this subject
which I am instructed to report from that com-
mittee.
The PRESIDENT. The memorials will lie on
the table if there be no objection.
Mr. WALKER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
House bill to establish an additional land district
in the State ofWisconsin, to report it back with-
out amendment, and ask for its immediate consid-
eration. It is recommended by the Secretary of
the Interior.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
considered the bill.
It proposes to create all that portion of the
present Willow River land district, north of the
line dividing townships forty and forty-one on the
fourteenth correction line, a new district to be
called the Fond-du-Lac district; makes the usual
provisions in regard to the office and officers; and
declares that in all cases hereafter the salaries of
land officers shall commence only from the time
they enter on the discharge of their duties.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
revenue cutters.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to consider
the House bill which was reported a few days
since from the Committee on Commerce, author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to purchase
or construct a revenue cutter for California; another
for Washington Territory; another for the Gulf
of Mexico; and another for Charleston, South
"Carolina. I apprehend it will give rise to no
debate; and it is recommended very strongly by
the Treasury Department. • " ' ]
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will not press
that. Here is the Pacific railroad bill which was
postponed on Saturday, and which I want to "get
up to-day.
Mr. HAMLIN. Tery well.
william monagan.
Mr. WADE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Claims to report House joint resolution .in
favor of William Monagan, and ask for its im-
mediate consideration.
The Senate, as in Committee of,the Whole,
considered the joint resolution.
It will direct the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to William Monagan $36 50, it being one
fourth of the moneys awarded by the umpire on
the claim of Martin Sherlock, Monagan, and
McCartney, reported to the Twenty-Third Con-
gress at their first session.
Mr. PEARCE. I should like to have some
explanation of it.
Mr. WADE. Those men were laborers on
the Cumberland road. They offered their claims
in 1820 against the Government for $146. It was
referred to an umpire, and he awarded that sum.
This relates to Monagan's proportion.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and ]
pacific railroad.
Mr. GWIN. I move to suspend all prior or-
ders for the purpose of taking up the bill for the
construction of a railroad from the valley of the
Mississippi to the Pacific ocean. ^ *
Mr. CHASE. When the Senate adjourned on
Saturday the bill to extend the time for the collec-
tion of duties on railroad iron was under discus-
sion. It seems to me we ought to proceed with,
and close that discussion. If the friends of the
bill are desirous to close it, I think it can be done.
Mr. CLAY. With the Senator from Ohio, I
feel anxious to proceed to the consideration of that
bill, and ] suppose it is entitled to preference, as it
is the unfinished business of Saturday; but inas-
much as I moved on Saturday to take up that bill
and to postpone the consideration of the Pacific
railroad bill until this day, I should feel that I was
violating my own bargain if I were to insist, at
this time, on the consideration of the bill to extend
a credit to railroad companies. Besides, being
assured by the friends of the Pacific railroad bill
that they do not propose to discuss it, but to tajte
a vote on it without debate on their part, I have
agreed to let them take precedence, with the un-
derstanding that they®will assist me hereafter in
taking up the railroad iron bill and disposingof it.
Mr. Gwin's motion was agreed to; and the
Senate accordingly resumed, as in Committee of
the Whole, the consideration of the bill for the
construction of a railroad from the valley of the
Mississippi to the Pacific ocean.
The bill as amended was read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the bill
by inserting in the eighth section, after the words
"uniform gauge," the words "of not lees than
five and a half feet between the rails." That is
the smallest gauge which I think ought to be
allowed. I suppose there can be no objectien to
this proposition, because there should certainly be
some reasonable limit.
Mr. GWIN. If the bill is open to amendment
I shall riot object.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand it is open
by agreement.
Mr. RUSK. I have no objection to the amend-
ment, but I wish to suggest to the honorable Seh- „
ator from Maine, whether any road built under
the provisions of the bill is hkely to-be of a less
gauge? ,
Mr. FESSENDEN. That might or might not
be the case, but there is a differencein expense
which might control the matter if it were not
fixed. I believe it of very great importance to fix
the minimum gauge.
Mr. RUSK. I do not obj?st to it.
Mr. GWIN. Nor do I.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) It requires unanimous consent to
agree to the amendment, the present bill having
been adopted as a substitute for the original one.
The amendment was agreed to. .
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, if it wer#
