1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
which infest them, unknown to civilization, and
containing little to invite it, your forty-eight mil-
lions of acres will not be worth ten cents an acre,
and will not furnish, at any Atlantic or Gulf port,
the tenth part of the money necessary to provide
even the rails required for these extensive lines of
road.
Here let me ask the attention of the Senate to
the cost of the mere iron necessary to lay these
roads with rails. We are told that it takes one hun-
dred tons of railroad iron of the kind now usually
approved to lay a mile of railroad. If you have
six thousand miles of railroad, it will require six
hundred thousand tons of iron for rails atone, and
the cost of that quantity, at sixty dollars per ton,
will be $36,000,000. We were told the other
day, bytheSenator fromTennessee, [Mr. Jones,]
that the other iron required in the construction
and equipment of railroads amounts to quite as
much, if not more; that is, that the iron used in
the locomotives, chairs, spikes, turn-outs, &c.,
amounts to even more than that much. You have,
then, $72,000,000 required as the outlay for the
purchase of iron alone; and that, be it recollected,is
iron not put on the spot where it is required, but
merely delivered at tide water. I presume you must
transport it, therefore, from tide water, by steam
navigation, to the highest sources of the rivers of
the West; near the points where you propose to
start, and then you must provide such means as
you can afterwards. What is it going to cost?
Why at least double the sum which it will cost
when it arrives at the port of entry or delivery.
If you surmount this difficulty, how are you to
grade the road, to blast the rocks, to fill up the
hollows, and raise the embankments which will be
necessary? How will you support the multi-
tudes of men who must be engaged in making the
road, who must be fed and lodged far from the set-
tlements, where food and lodging are to be found ?
How sustain the horses and mules, which are
indispensable on such work, which cannot live on
sterile sands or barren rocks ? You mu6t buy food
at a distance, transport it at immense cost, and
piotect it as you would the supplies of an army.
I did not mention one other circumstance which
should properly have been stated in advance of
what I have just mentioned, and that is, that you
have not yet acquired a complete title to these
lands. You have not extinguished the Indian
claim. When you are going to effect that, at
what cost will it be? Are you sure that you can
effect it by money? May it not be necessary to
resort to force for that purpose? How will you
get rid cf those four hundred thousand predatory
savages, who, it is said, dwell within the borders
of the United States, beyond the Mississippi;
manyofwhom roam over the tracts of land through
which it is proposed to run these railroads hos-
tile to you—ready to tear up your rails and burn
up your wooden sills? Where will you get your
wooden sills and ties? I do not know whether
you will be able to find them on the southern
route, unless you can make the crooked little mez-
quite answer the purpose; and in the northern
division, though you may, indeed, find wood, it is
not such wood as will answer the purpose; and
that will have to be brought, at an immense cost,
from distant sources of supply. I take it, that
when you consider these great and numerous dim-
culties, the cost of these railroads will exceed that
of any known road in the United States; and what ,
ore they ? I had the curiosity to look at the cost .
of some of the principal railroads in the United j
States, and 1 confess I was quite astonished at the
result of my examination. I find that the I hila-
delphia, Wilmington, and Baltimore railroad,
made through a well settled country, between two
great commercial cities, through a region abonnd-
inor in everything necessary for the construction
ofa railroad, and only ninety-eight miles in length,
has cost $8,007,000; being an average of more
than #80,000 a mile. 1 find that the New York
and Erie railroad, four hundred and sixty-four
miles in length, has cost $33,070,000; being an
average of about $70,000 per mile. The Penn-
sylvania Central railroad, two hundred and fifty
miles long, has cost $13,600,000; an average of
over $54,000 a miie. The Baltimore and Ohio
railroad, three hundred and eighty-one miles long,
has cost $22,254,000, as reported in the Railroad
Journal ot May last; an average of about $60,000
a mile. The Bostonand Worcester railroad, sixty-
nine miles long, cost $4,850,000; being an average
of $70,000 a mile. The Reading railroad, ninety-
five miles long, and pursuing a gentle decline to-
wards the city of Philadelphia, has cost upwards
of $17,000,000; being about $170,000 a mile. Of
course, in giving these figures, 1 speak of the
whole expense of construction and equipment.
Now, sir, I think it exceedingly doubtful
whether, under any circumstances, these railroads
to the Pacific can be completed at less rates than
the average cost of the railroads which I have
here mentioned. Suppose they should require
$80,000a mile; then you have $480,000,000 as the
costof these works, which you are asked, without
any adequate information, to enter upon at once;
or to invite them to enter upon with the induce-
ment of Government land grants as their aid. It
does seem to me to be monstrous.
Consider, sir, the character of the regions
through which these roads will have to pass. The
mighty West is to be crossed, in all its breadth,
from the borders of the States which line the Mis-
sissippi to the Pacific. That portion of our con-
tinent, to say nothing of the mountains, is marked
. by a vast plateau running neaily north and youth,
1 which divides this wide region into two portions.
! The very lowest point on the water shed of this
region is about four thousand five hundred feet
above the tide; that is between the waters of the
Rio Grande and the San Pedro which flows into
the Gila. Further north, in about latitude 3b°,
it is eight thousand feet in height, and above the
latitude of 42° it still has an elevation of seven
thousand feet. These are the heights of the low-
est passes of the water shed of this great plateau,
as I learn from the Secretary of War's report of
last year. Then, sir, your roads must penetrate,
not a single mountain, or chain of mountains, but
a mountain system, which, in latitude 40°, is nine
hundred miles wide, and where it is narrowest
i3 still five hundred miles in width.
The least difficult of these routes, it seems to me,
is that which lies in the south, because, in that
quarter,! believe the mountains are more isolated
and scattered about, with intervening plains over
which the road may be more easily passed. Even
there we find great and almost insurmountable
difficulties. There is the difficulty of a want of ,
water, which, I suppose no one will pretend can j
be supplied unless by Artesian wells, and how do ;
we know that Artesian wells will afford a sufficient j
supply ? Then there is the difficulty of insufficient |
and unsuitable wood, in any line which the road
can take, and the sterile belts of land, in one case I
two hundred and fifty miles in width, which physi-
cal geography tells us is steiile from natural and
constant causes.
Then, sir, it is proposed to keep up these roads,
or to contribute to their support by employing
them all to take the mails between different points
in the valley of the Mississippi and the Pacific.
One railroad will be amply sufficient to take the |
mail from the Mississippi region to the Pacific J
coast; but we must have three roads, and we must j
provide that they shall all take the mails, and we j
propose in this bill to give them $300 a mile for the
service. I think a bill which was introduced at a !
former session of Congress, by an honorable gen- j
tleman in the other House, from California, pro- j
posed to give $600 per mile; but I believe those
best informed on the subject, and those most in j
favor of the execution of this graet project, esti-
mate that $3,000 a mile will hardly be sufficient; j
but suppose it takes $1,000 a mile, to be anything j
like an adequate compensation to these companies j
forthe transportation af the mail over these roads, ;
then you must pay $6,000,000 a year for the trans- j
portation of the mails from the waters of the Mis-
sissippi to the Pacific coast. Even at $300 a mile,
the cost will be $1,800,000 a year. The only rail-
road authority to which I have had access, the
American Railroad Journal, estimates that as en-
tiiely insufficient. The editorof that paper seems
to think $3,000 a mile absolutely necessary, and
[ he appears to doubt whether even that will be
! sufficient. He says: " We are satisfied that it is
! still far from being up to the exigency of the case.
1 And he adds: " As well might a person hope to
storm the rock of Gibraltar with a cannon loaded
with green peas, as to construct a railroad to the
Pacific by any plan yet proposed."
For my part I think the committee should have
given us an extensive and thorough report, exam-
ining minutely into all the difficulties, and the
means of overcoming them, before they asked us
to rush into schemes requiring an expenditure of
money so enormous as, it seems to me, must
necessarily result from this project. We are asked
to do this at a time theleast favorable of all for such
an enterprise—an enterprise exceeding in extent
and in difficulty any that the world has ever seen.
These great artificial communications are'.among
the wonders of the age. They mark the time in
which we live. They distinguish the peopte who
undertake them. I know the energy of my coun-
trymen, in this respect, exceeds that of all 6ther
nations. 1 know, as the honorable Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Geyer] has stated, that the rail-
roads within the limits of the United States are
twenty-one thousand miles in extent, being two
thousand seven hundred miles more extensive
than all the railroads of all the rest of the world
put together. We have put those roads in opera-
tion at a cost of $616,000,000, as he said. But,
sir, we have incurred debts to what amount I
shall not undertake to say with any precision.
But 1 footed up, last night, the funded debt of the
two hundred and seventy-one railroads which
exist in the United States, and I found that it
amounted to $150,000,000. How much their
floating debt is I do not know, and I suppose no
one can tell. We have sixteen thousand miles of
railroad now in progress. Where is the capital
to construct them in this condition of monetary
difficulty in which we all know the country is
laboring ? What are the means, what is the mode
by which we undertake to construct these great
artificial communications ? We subscribe stock,
and pay up part, and issue our bonds or stock to
the contractors in whole or in part, send bonds
over to Europe, and purchase iron with them, or
negotiate them at shaving and ruinous discounts;
and finally, even those very railroads which we
have undertaken, as we supposed, under flattering
auspices, perhaps, however, without proper cal-
culation as to the objects, the means, the cost,
and the results, are in such a condition that Con-
gress is invoked now to relieve them, by granting
them a credit of three years for the duties on the
iron imported for rails. In this condition of em-
barrassment, in which almost the whole railroad
system of the United States is plunged—a diffi-
culty which the companies have brought upon
themselves by reckless extravagance, by improvi-
dence, and by hasty speculation, or by the uncal-
culated magnitude of their undertakings—we are
asked to enter into this scheme which looms up
so monstrously before any one who looks at it
soberly. .
And, sir, if these roads contemplated m this bill
were finished, how would they be supported ? Do
you think that the trade between the Pacific and
the East will be sufficient even to keep them up,
to defray the great and inevitable expenses of the
army of employees, of fuel, of wear and tear of
road and engines? Even the far shorter roads
of the old States, loaded as they are with the agri-
cultural and mechanical products of a thickly set-
tled, industrious, and fertile country, and crowded
with the passengers, who, for pleasure or on
business, pass from one city to another, can
seldom earn income which allow of dividends.
California has not any bulky products to send
across the continent to the Atlantic States, and any
such articles going from this side to the Pacific
will ever find the sea route cheaper and better. It
is delusion to suppose that the trade of Asia will
seek this route. Some of the finer articles might
so come; but the great body of commercial ex-
changes between America and the East must
always find their way in ships, or propellers,
without transhipment. When California shall be
filled with population, and the intervening deserts
be subdued and settled, then, indeed, a railroad
across the continent may pay; but not till then.
1 have not inquired into the details of the bill,
though I think there are provisions in it which
are objectionable. I admit that a railroad to the
Pacific would be very desirable, if it were prac-
ticable and within any moderate estimate of ex-
pense. It would furnish great military facilities,
and be a strong bond of union between us and the
distant States beyond the Sierra Nevada. My
principal objection to the present scheme is, that
it gives the countenance and assistance of the
Government in advance to an enterprise not well
considered, not justified by the condition of the
country, the means of the parties invited to unuer-
i take it, and which, if it be completed m one day,
