808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IS,
can only bedonebytheGovernmentassumingthe
burden and exhausting all its means for many
years in the effort. If the bill pass, and no other
aid be given than that now provided, the whole
scheme will prove an utter ana mortifying failure.
Sir, I regret that I have not obtained a greater
amount of reliable information to spread before
the Senate. I had purposed to do so, if time should
be afforded; but 1 did not expect this bill to come
up to-day, and have not at hand all the information
which I have gathered. I think, however, I have
said enough to justify me in refusing to vote for
this scheme in whole or in part, and I shall be
very much surprised if the Senate cif the United
States do not pause before they encourage the
entering upon a course of expenditure so enormous
and so recliless.
Mr. RUSIC. Mr. President, the speech of the
honorable Senator from Maryland would be a
capital argument as applied to the persons who
may desire to take a contract under the provisions
of this bill, but it is totally inapplicable, as 1
think, to the bill before us. All that the bill pro-
poses to do 
Mr. PEARCE. I think the Senator has mis-
understood me. 1 do not suppose that Congress
is in fact to expend all this money, but it is in-
voked to give existence to schemes which involve
the expenditure of so much money, and I do not
think it wise legislation to enter into schemes the
feilure of which is so inevitable.
Mr. RUSK. Taking the experience of the
world generally, it appears to me that the men
who will have to make the expenditure of so much
money as the Senator supposes, have sense enough
not to make it if the result is to be what he im- |
agines. According to his own statement, the j
Government is to expend no more than twelve j
sections of land to the mile, through deserts, des- j
titute of water, which will have to be supplied by 1
Artesian wells. If any one is fool enough to enter
into a contract for building the road, after the lucid
argument which the Senator has made, we require
ample security so as to keep out bogus companies;
we require them before they can get the contract
to deposit §500,000 in the Treasury, to be actually
expended in the construction of the road fofwhich
they contract.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I have no doubt
that, in addressing myself to the Senate on this
subject, 1 shall be speaking to gentlemen with
foregoneconclusions, and I shall, therefore, content
myself with one or two remarks in addition to
wnat has been said by my friend from Maryland.
Have you any idea, sir, that the contractors
who will undertake this road will do it upon any
assumption that, out of their own funds, they are
to finish it? Any one who enters into this scheme
upon the delusion that the contractors are to bear
the burden, will see, in the end, that the Federal
Government and the Federal Treasury will be
regarded as nothing more than an insurance com-
pany, to make up all deficiencies.
Now, sir, what is the proposition? Here, at
the end of the session, without examination, Con-
gress is to gireup its jurisdiction—to whom ? We
are called on to part with our jurisdiction over the
greatest measure that can regulate the commerce
of this country. And to whom are we to give it?
.To the contractors and the Secretaries spoken of in
the bill. If this is a measure to regulate com-
merce, what right have we to part with this power
in the way provided by the bill? I repeat, sir,
that, at this time, Congress is called upon to part
with all control over the greatest measure that can
regulate the commerce of the country between the
Atlantic and the Pacific, under the delusive idea
that there shall be three roads. I have no expect-
ation that there will be three roads—at any rate,
there will not be three roads until one is finished;
and what man is there who can place his hand
upon his heart and say that, as a great measure
for the regulation of commerce, for the transpor-
tation of troops, and for the transportation of
everything connected with the Post Office Depart-
ment, more than one road from the Mississippi to
the Pacific is necessary ? I say, further, that if
you are to make a road from any point on the Pa-
cific to any point upon the Mississippi, the ter-
mini should be settled by Congress. I have always
said so. Congress should assume the responsi-
bility of saying that it has intelligence enough
upon the subject to designate the two points from
the one to the other of which the road shall run.
As far as I have examined the plats which have
been presented to us, I know there are many routes
indicated, and we have had many plausible repre-
sentations from the surveyors. Some of them say
It does not snow to any extent beyond the latitude
of 40°; and I believe, according to other surveyors,
the mountains are getting lower every day. We
are to overcome mountains upon false &nd plaus-
ible representations. Well, sir, I lay down this
proposition: that the sun will make and indicate a
track for this railroad preferable to any of those
indicated by surveyors. In my opinion—I give it
as a mere conjecture; for I do not speak with in-
telligence on the subject, and I complain that gen-
tlemen require me to vote upon it without intelli-
gence; and that is the security they have for this
tremendous scheme—if I were to select the points
for such a road, 1 would say, that it should run
from San Diego directly to Albuquerque, and
thence to the Mississippi river. That is a latitude
suitable for such an enterprise; and when you
reach the Mississippi river, you have a current
from almost every part of the United States.
Am 1 to disguise from myself the fact that this
proposition is entirely different from that ? I call
upon gentlemen representing the middle States,
especially, as my friend from Missouri has done,
to look at a startling fact. There is Nebraska
river, which is looked upon as one of the indica-
tions where the road should run; there is the
Platte river, the Arkansas river, and the Red river,
which are also looked upon as indications where
roads should run. But, sir, what turns out to be
the fact here? Neither the Platte, nor the Arkan-
sas, nor the Red river is selected; but the certainty
before me is, that there are two tracks to go to
the Nebraska river. My friend from Missouri
has demonstrated that there is but one course the
contractors would take, and that is to carry the
road through the northern portion of California,
for in doing so they get a very large bounty in
lands. Do you suppose they will go south of any
point that will avoid getting the lands provided
for in this bill? Why, sir, they have baited it so
effectually at one end of the road, that you cannot
give it any other direction. They have absolutely
put it in such a situation that the road must go to
one place, and cannot go to any other, unless the
patriotism of the contractors should overrule their
interests—quite a probable proposition. [Laugh-
ter.] Is it quite a probable proposition that they
will rather be governed by the dictates of patri-
otism than yield to the obvious temptations of in-
terest? Yes, sir; it has been managed so as to appeal
to the interests of those engaged in the road to say
where it shall run. It does not take the Platte,
which would carry it to St. Louis; nor the Ark-
ansas, which would take it to Memphis; nor the
Red river, which would take it probably to New
Orleans. The bill does not indicate what course
it shall take.
Gentlemen intimate that Congress ought not to
indicate the course of the road. Sir, we are part-
ing at this time with a jurisdiction over the great-
est subject that can possibly employ the funds of
the country. I know that they will have the road
finished to some extent near the two termini; and
I know that after they get a little way on it will
be quite a strong interest enough to make the Fed-
eral Government pave it with money from the
Treasury.
But, sir, I did not intend to go into this subject.
I was not prepared to do so. I had no idea that
such a measure as this was to be disposed of in
this summary mode; but as it seems to be a fore-
gone conclusion on the part of gentlemen who
have embarked in this scheme, be it so.
Mr. GWIN. 1 only rise for the purpose of
correcting the geography of the gentlemen from
South Carolina and Missouri. The Senator
from Missouri has told us that the temptation for
the southern route is so great, because it goes
through such a fine region in California, that it
is the only route which has a chance. That is
what he said; and yet the Senator from South
Carolina quotes him the other way.
Mr. GEYER. I did not suppose, nor am I
allowed to suppose, that that is the only route,
because this bill contemplates that the whole three
roads shall be constructed, and if proposals for all
three are not received at one time, they are to be
continued until contracts are made for all. I had
reference to the terminus of that road when I said
that it was the interest of the contractor for the
southern road to extend it, after turning the
mountains at the south, to San Francisco. Tnat
is tha temptation.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from South Caro-
lina announced to the Senate and the country, on
the authority of the Senator from Missouri, that
the northern route, because it is the longest and
most valuable, will be selected. I hope both Sen-
ators know what is the distance from the mouth
of the Gila, which would probably be the terminus
of the southern route, to San Francisco, and what
is the distance from Noble's pass to San Fran-
cisco.
Mr. BUTLER. Really I am not informed on
that point. I have not studied the subject. The
Senator probably knows.
Mr. GWIN. I do not suppose that there is
fifty miles difference between them. I do not in-
tend to argue this bill, because, if it is not passed
without argument now, it cannot be passed at all;
but as I am on geography, I should like to know
of the Senator from Missouri, if he starts a rail-
road from St. Louis, how he will get to the bay
of San Francisco, unles he goes through Noble s
pass; and, if it starts from Iowa, as he supposes,
now can they get to San Francisco in any way
unless by going through Noble's pass? His ar-
gument that this bill excludes Missouri is of no
foundation, from the fact that there is but one pass
through which a road from either Missouri or
Iowa could get to San Francisco.
Mr. GEYER. Mr. President, I thought I had
made myself understood. I stated that the strong
inducement for adopting what I call a northern
route, that is, from Chicago to Council Bluff, or
somewhere in that neighborhood, and thence by
the South pass and Noble's pass to San Fran-
cisco, was, that the roads there were owned by
Wall street. That was my expression. The roads
from Lake Erie to the Mississippi are nearly aii
owned by Wall street. If they can get the north-
ern and central roads, they can combine with them
an influence which can be brought to bear in the
State of California, that will be benefited by having
a road all through the whole line of that State, so
that Missouri must be left out.
The Senator from California asks me how a
road can be made from Missouri, that is not to go
through Noble's pass. To that I answer by re-
ferring to the map, which that honorable Senator
had published a year or two ago, in which he
proposed to run from San Francisco, by way of
Walker's pass. According to that map, his route
was to run to Albuquerque and from thence have
branches to Fort Smith, to the Red River, to St.
Louis, and some other points, I believe, including
Dubuque. Now, whether there is a pass at Coo-
chatope or not, it is ascertained that, although the
expense of constructing it is large, a road is prac-
ticable by way of Albuquerque and it will not go
to Noble's pass; but that routs will not be selected
under this bill for the reason that if they went by
Walker's pass they would cotne in contact with
the other road going up to San Francisco, and the
inducement therefore would be not to take the
Albuquerque or the Cooehatopc route, but to take
the South pass and strike Noble's pass, so as to
enter California on the north and make a road
through the whole line of the State.
Mr. GWIN. I supposed the Senator had read
the reports of the engineers. If so, he Would
have seen that those reports pronounce Walker's
pass impracticable for a railroad, and therefore,
the very route he has indicated impracticable.
We have no place of crossing the Sierra Nevada
at that point if we are to be guided by the reports
of the engineers.
Mr. SEWARD Mr.President,I did notever
expect that I should stand here in the Senate to
advocate the passage of this bill in its present
shape; that is, proposing to make arrangements
for the construction of three railroads to the Pacific.
Still I am now in that attitude. I have listened
very attentively to what has fallen from the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware, and from the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland, and also to my
esteemed friend from Mississippi, and it seems to
me that all the answer which need be given on this
occasion to the arguments of those gentlemen, is
that their objections are quite too late; they are
out of time. Earlyin the last session, I submitted
to the Senate a proposition for the construction of
one railroad from the Atlantic to the Pacific States,
going through the Territories of the United States.
