1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'809
leaving the terminations at both ends unsettled, and
proposing that the railroad should be made from
such point to such point, and through such regions
'as should be found upon competition by capital-
ists to be most feasible and most advantageous.
The subject was referred to the select committee,
with various other projects. That select commit-
tee had the matter und'er consideration, and the
result has been that the committee instead of adopt-
ing such a plan for the construction of one rail-
road, have adopted this plan, by which it is pro-
posed to invite proposals for the construction of
three railways. Upon that proposition, as a sub-
stitute, there was a debate here the other day, and
a question taken; and after all the light which
those of us who were in favor of one road as most
practicable and most wise, could throw on the sub-
ject, the Senate, I think, by about two to one,
overruled that project and decided that they would
adopt this substitute. The question, therefore,
now, is not whether we shall have one railroad
or three, but whether we shall have this or no
railroad bill at all.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not want any now; we
shall have it by and by.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
South Carolina says truly, just as I stated the
question, that he does not want any railroad at all
now.
Mr. BUTLER. I say that I do not want a
route selected now until we know where the road
should run. That is what I mean.
Mr. SEWARD. It amounts to this then, that
we shall pass no railroad bill at all at the present
time. We have no other alternative. That is the
question. The honorable Senator from Delaware
tells us, and so does the Senator from Maryland,
thatheisin favorofaroad. They areboth in favor
of a road. I say, however, it must be this or
nothing. The minority must yield to the majority
or else the project will be defeated, and then those
who agree with the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, that at this time we should make no
provision at all for a railroad, will carry the day.
I ask honorable Senators if they are not prepared
to make provision for a railroad now, when shall
we be better prepared ? There never will be a time
again in this country when it will be so rich, and
when its Treasury will be so full. There will never
be a time when there will be more information before
the public in regard to the practicability of such
a road. There never will be a time again when
embarrassments, resulting from the diversity of
interest in regard'to the location of the road, will
be less than they are now. If, then, we are ever
to build a road, or provide for making a road, this
seems to me to be just exactly the time. At all
events the responsibility will be off the shoulders
of those of us who say that this scheme is possi-
ble, and who acquiesce m the decision ofa majority
of Congress who have determined (I cannot say
they have not determined wisely) that, in order to
engage the people and Government in the adop-
tion of this enterprise, there must be liberality on
the part of Congress in offering facilities to every
section, north and south, on the Atlantic and on
the Pacific, and in the Mississippi region, to com-
pete for the construction of the road. This, I have
no doubt, explains the reason why a majority of
the Senate prefer this system to the other. It is
that they cannot find an agreement in Congress of
a sufficient number to constitute a majority to de-
termine upon any one route; and they, overruling
us, have agreed, therefore, to adopt a plan which
will invite competition for three roads. To those
on the Atlantic and Pacific coasts it can make very
little difference. The location of this road con-
cerns chiefly the central inland States, and is to
them a matter of very great consequence; but the
road must terminate at San Francisco, on the Pa-
cific point, and we can all be satisfied that it must
terminate at some center of commerce on the
Atlantic coast.
I hope, therefore, we may look at this as a ques-
tion no longer open, whether we shall adopt the
bill in this shape or the one which has already
been disposed of by a vote of the Senate of nearly
two to one, but look at the question of whether
we want a railroad at all. Upon that point 1 do
not intend to go into an argument, because it
would consume time, and I am one of the friends
of the measure, and wish to see the bill passed,
and, therefore, do not intend to debate it. I will
say, however, that if this is not the moment to
undertake this enterprise, I do not know when
the moment will come when it will be more neces-
sary. Will it be when the Indians are harassing
the people on our frontiers in California and Ore-
gon, and when we lay at the mercy of foreign
enemies, who can blockade the port of San Fran-
cisco, and can deprive us of all communication
with the gold region, and by the interruption of a
single week or month destroy the entire balance
of trade between the two sections of the Union,
and involve the country in the most imminent
danger?
All these considerations seem to me to urge on
the Senate the adoption of the best system that a
majority of the Senate can agree upon.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, whether the
provisions of this bill will tempt that class of spec-
ulative contractors who are found in the country
ready to take hold of everything and anything, I
do not know; I am not sufficiently conversant
with that department of public business to know;
but there is one thing very certain, that the Gov-
ernment of the United States is to furnish the
entire subject for this speculation. Whether what
it offers will tempt this speculative class to take
hold of it, I do not know; but I repeat that,
whether they do or not, the whole subject of the
speculation is to be furnished by the Government
of the United States. What is it?
The Government, in the first place, is to give
to the contractors a strip of land twelve miles wide
along the whole extent of the roads through the
Territories—not the public domain, not the public
property, for the Government is to acquire the
property before it can be passed over to the con-
tractors. In the next place, the Government is to
contract to carry the mail on these roads for a
period of fifteen years at a maximum rate of §300
per mile, which, as the honorable Senator from
Maryland has said,as thebill now stands, will be
$ 1,800,000 a year, to be paid out of the Treasury
for the purpose of carrying the mail alone. Then
the Government is to contract for the same period
to carry all the munitions of war along with the
troops over the roads. What that will amount to
I do not know. The maximum is fixed here in
the bill not to exceed what is now paid for the
same grade of service; but I suppose it will be
fair to estimate it at §2,000,000 more. Then, in
round numbers, the Government is to offer a bonus
of §4,000,000 a year to enable contractors to build
a capital upon it, out of which, in connection with
the public lands, they are to make these roads.
Thus it is, that, whether the scheme is successful
or unsuccessful, the Government of the United
States, or more properly the people of the United
States, whose property is thus to be disposed of,
are to offer this bounty to speculators at their cost,
because if it is a failure they bear the whole loss,
and the contractors, if it is successful, are to take
all the benefit. That is about the scheme.
I say, then, that the Government is to furnish
the whole means by which these roads are to be
built. Whether the cost is to be one hundred, or
two hundred, or five hundred millions of dollars,
the Government is to pay it. There is, on that
point, no other provision in the bill, of any kind.
You offer to contractors $4,000,000 a year for
the transportation of the mails and the munitions
of war. An annual revenue of §4,000,000 is thus
to be taken from the Government when the roads
are completed, and whatever capital the contract-
ors can obtain, they obtain upon this pledge of
the Government to furnish an interest equal to
$4,000,000 a year. Then take the public lands;
they are to have twelve miles wide on each of
these roads, with a strange and extraordinary
provision, as far as the Government service is
concerned, that you are to send a mail over three
separate railroads to California, when the Govern-
ment service would not require it to be sent over
more than one of them. I think that is the
scheme of the bill, if 1 am capable of understand-
ing it.
Whatis to be the result? Why, sir, the three
Secretaries named in thebill areempowered to make
contracts that shall bind the Government, pro-
I vided proposals come from contractors within the
maximum of the transportation of the mails, and
the transportation of the troops and munitions of
war. The Secretaries have no discretion, they
are to make the contracts, and the contracts then
are to be obligatory on the Government, to carry
them out. What next ? The bill provides that
if any of the contractors fail to comply with their
contract, the road, and whatever maybe Upon the
road as the property of these contractors, incident
to the road, is to become the property of the
United States. The forfeiture" is to the United-
States. The United States, then, are to become
the owners What are they to do next? The bill
says the same Secretaries shall proceed to relet it
to other contractors.
Now, let me put the case of a state of things
which may naturally arise. We know something
about the breaking down of contracts in the
making of roads by private companies. We
know very well, in the experience of roads made
by private companies, that contractors are con-
stantly failing to comply with their contracts, and
then the companies whose roads are to be made
often find themselves under the necessity of en-
larging the price to be paid to the contractors, in
order to sustain them, and enable them to carry
on the work. You place the Government in that
position. It is in vain for gentlemen to say this
bill does not authorize that. I say, when the
emergency arises, the necessity will be imposed
on the Government either to abandon the work,
and all the Government property that has been
wasted on the work, or to take it on its own
shoulders to carry it on, and to make direct Appro-
priations from the Treasury for the purpose of
doing it. To this state of things we are to be
brought in a Government which at one day it was
supposed had no constitutional power to lake hokl
of a subject of this sort in any form.
Mr. President, we have haa experience enough
even in this Government to realize the fortunes
of all who have gone before us. We know the
result whenever a Government takes hold of a
subject. As 1 heard it once strongly illustrated
and expressed by an eminent statesman, if the
Government touches a thing with its little finger,
it is committed to it forever, and cannot shake it
off, and cannot get rid of it. Then you are to
commit this Government, and the whole property
of this Government, and the whole property of
the people, to make three railroads from the'
western States to the Pacific ocean, in utter igno-
rance, when you ordain it, whether it is practicable
to make them at all, or what it will cost to do it.
That is the provision of this bill, which is to be
passed here at the close of the session, without
investigation, honorable gentlemen who are friends
of the bill saying, that. " to get through with It,
we will not debate it, and will not meet any
objections."
The honorable Senator from Maryland said, as
I understood him, that we had not yet the inform-
ation as to the practicability of making these roads
furnished to the Senate in print. My recollection
is that some two or three weeks since there was
laid on my table a mass of documents which I
sent to my lodgings, and which are there necessa-
rily unopened at this moment, which would weigh,
I believe, some ten or fifteen pounds, and which
are said to be reports of engineers employed by
the Government, under the authority of Congress,
not for the purpose of locating roads, but of
making mere reconnoissances to see if it was prac-
ticable to locate railroads at particular points. That
information has come in and been printed at this
session; but my word for it, there is not one Sen-
ator in ten, or perhaps not one in twenty, who has
been enabled to cut the leaves of the documents. I
certainly have not. They are lying at my lodgings
now in a mass uncut as they were brought to mo,
1 from the impracticability of looking at them.
There is another feature in this bill. I put it to
J honorable Senators, if these roads are made, whose
; property do they become? The property of the
' contractors who make them. Such is the provision
1 of the bill. The contract is to employ men to
i make the road at the Government expense, who
\ shall own the road when it is rtiade. One provis-
ion is that contractors shall make proposals, de-
I termining at what time the road, after they have
i had the use of it, shall be surrendered to the Uni-
j ted States. Whatauthority have the United States
1 to accept a surrender of these railroads? If they
' do accept the surrender, what are they to do with
I them ? Where is the power to make the immense
! organization that is necessary in detail for the
practical working of those roads ? The answer
made to that objection in the bill, is that they are
to be surrendered to the United States for the pur-
pose of handing them over to the States through
