812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1&,
here to examine this question; and my vote must
depend, so far as information is concerned, upon
that which is obtained in debate. But, in listen-
ing to the arguments of the friends of the meas-
ure, I have been not a little surprised. Take the
honorable Senator who has just resumed his seat,
and compare his speech with that of the honor-
able Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] and
how does it strike us? Then compare the decla-
rations of those two Senators with that of the
honorable Senator from Virginia, and it brings to
my mind a fatal objection to voting for the meas-
ure.
The Senator who has just taken his seat says
that all they ask of the Government is merely to
pledge lands to a certain extent, of little or no
\ . 'ne; and so It is by the terms of the bill which
I have hastily read. They ask not for money
from the public Treasury; but they ask the Gov-
ernment to pledge the domain to a certain extent
on each side of the road, to enable them to pursue
this project; and all the funds, all the money that
is asked, is the amount that is to be paid for the
transportation of the mails. If that be so, I ask
why the honorable Senator from New York urged
upon us to pass the measure now, because we
shall never be so rich again? Why was that
argument presented to me and to others as a con-
sideration which should induce us to vote for the
bill ?' What consequence is it, if we have only to
give this land, these mountain passes, and this
worthless tract of country? Why, then, ask us
to do it because now the Treasury is full, and it
never will be so full again? It convinces me, sir,
by the argument they themselves make, that it
has come precisely to what the honorable Senator
from Virginia asserted—put your hands once in,
and you will be forever in the matter. It is as
my friend from South Carolina, in his proper, per-
tinent, and accurate language, styled it—a plunge
in the dark.
It is so in my judgment, and what does it come
to ? If you once pass this measure you take the
incipient step, and, as it has been said, when the
Government's finger is once in, it must go the
entire length. We, then, should have to go on
as a Government, and sustain, and create, and
make the thing perfect. Thus you would do
what is radically objectionable in every view, and
that is for the Government to advance its funds
to make this immense work. It is a work greater
than has ever been contemplated, certainly in the
days of any man in the Senate. My idea is, that
it is all premature, even though it was to be made;
for I do not believe that, if omnipotent power
were this hour to create it, the business upon the
road could keep it clear from the snows of winter.
It is of immense length; and look at the shorter
roads of the country, and I say the declaration of
the Senator from Delaware will be sustained by
the facts. The thing is impracticable. I shall
not take up the time of the Senate in going
through with the various objections to the meas-
ure. Hundreds of things could be urged as an
objection to it; but when it comes to the great
constitutional objection stated by the Senator
from Virginia, I go with him and vote against the
measure.
Th® PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. MASON called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. EVANS. I have looked somewhat into
this matter, and I have read what, perhaps, other
gentlemen havenotread. I have read all the reports
except one. The result of my examination from
reading the reports of the explorations is, that two
out of the four routes that have been explored,
are utterly impracticable. One other is practi-
cable, but at a cost of £200,000,000. If it were
really the fact that this were to be left to private
enterprise, that the Government were only willing
to give what they offer in the bill by way of induce-
ment, then, perhaps, it would not be a matter of
any great consequence; but we all know that if
this thing is attempted, it will be regarded, as
gentlemen say, as agreat enterprise;_and I have
not the slightest doubt but that men will be found
to undertake it as a matter of speculation. And
what says the Senator from Tennessee ? That he
is willing now to lend the credit of this Govern-
ment for $20,000,000!
Mr. BELL. Yes; and I voted for it in com-
mittee.
Mr. EVANS. I have no doubt of it. A mem-
ber of the committee proposed to build this road
by creating stock to the amount of §75,000,000,
giving them $25,000,000, and taking their bonds
for the other §50,000,000. There is no doubt but
that it will come to that. If it does come to that,
if the Government is to be saddled with all this
expense, then the question is, whether the thing is
practicable, and whether, after the expenditure of
all the money, we are to derive any benefit from
it whatever ?
It has not been long since these reports from
the engineers were printed. The largest one is
that by Governor Stevens. It was too long for
me to read through, and, therefore, I only opened
it in some places, and made extracts from it.
At page 256, under the date of October 20, and
the 1st of November, he says the distance from
the summit to Fort Benton is estimated at one
hundred and thirty-six miles, and the weekspent
in accomplishing this distance, was a time of
excessive cold; and in another part he says, that
the snow, before the 1st of November—before the
1st of November, mark you—fell on the prairies
a depth of five inches. In another part of the
report, at page 404, under date of October 24, he
says:
" Hnow fell on tlie night of the 23il and the morning of
the 24th of October. Tho Indians, wiio resort to this place
for berries, informed me that the weather was usuallysucli
a-- we found it. From the same source I gathered the
infoimation that the snow falls there as early as November
1, and during the winter of sufficient depth to cover the
trees."
I infer, from that, that over such a route a rail-
road is impracticable.
I understand that the city of St. Louis is between
seven hundred and eight hundred feet above the
level of the sea, and that the river is often frozen
over in the winter for a month at a time, so that
wagons can pass over it. Well, sir, the pass
through the mountains over which this road is to
go is between five thousand and six thousand feet
above the level of the sea; and what is tho differ-
ence of temperature between an elevation of seven
hundred or eight hundred feet and almost as many
thousands. We all know that the difference of
temperature on account of elevation is equal to
one degree for every three hundred feet; and,
therefore, even if it were in the same latitude as
St. Louis, an elevation of six thousand feet would
bring this not very far from the region of perpetual
snow. I take it for granted then, that that route
is impracticable according to any information
which we have acquired. That is the first route.
As to the second route, the survey was made by
Captain Gunnison. That commenced at Fort
Leavenworth, in a latitude of between 38° and 39°.
I need not say here that three things are essential
to a railroad. The first is that the elevation shall
be such that steam power can overcome it; the
second is that there shall be wood; and the third is
that there shall be water. I had marked some
extracts to read from this report. There is one
part of it, to which I cannot immediately make
reference, in which it is stated that wood will be
found in sufficient abundance in the valley of one
of the rivers, provided it were applied exclusively
to that purpose; but that the settlers in that region
would have no wood if it was used for the pur-
poses of the railroad. Captain Gunnison was
s#nt to survey three passes. Speaking of one of
them, he says it will be entirely impracticable for
a railroad, the grade to the west being for the first
mile and a quarter, at the foot of a ravine, two
hundred ana ninety-eight feet to the mile, four
hundred and ninety feet to the mile for the succeed-
ing seven tenths, and five hundred and forty-four
feet to the mile for the last three fourths of a mile.
That is one pass. Then, of Gunnison's Pass, he
says:
" They give grades of 185.5 feet per mile for foar miles,
ascending the pass from the oast; then 2.28 feet per mile
for a mile find a half, followed by a grade of 113 feet to the
mile for three fourths of amile to the summit. Descending
to the west, the difference of level is 56 feet per mile for
six miles, then 68 feet to the mile for three miles to the
center of Roman's park, from which a road can be earned
in any direction across the San Luis valley."
Then comes another pass, which was referred
to by some gentleman who has spoken—the
Coochetopa Pass. Here is what he says:
But, m the construction of a railroad, it will be neces-
sary to carry it on the side of the ravine considerably above
the stream, giving an elevation of at least 200 feet at the
fifteen mile station referred to; which, from the formation
of the hills, must be done upon the last few miles below that
point, the elevation of which is 8,960 feet above the sea,
while the summit of the pass, 3.83 miles distant, is 10,032
feet, which will require for its passage a grade of 124 feet
per mile for the 3.83 miles, and a tunnel entering the moun-
tain from the east three fourths of a mile below the sum-
mit, diminishing the elevation to be overcome by 400 feet,
and terminating to the west with a deep approach near
our camp of September 2d, 1.33 miles below the summit,
the length of the tunnel, including the approach, being two
miles,"
Mr. President, I think it very evident from this
that the passes over the Rocky mountains, sur-
veyed by Captain Gunnison, are utterly imprac-
ticable. He went no further than the Great Val-
ley; and all the reports which I have seen repre-
sent the Sierra Nevada as utterly impassable. That
is another route.
In relation to the route which is usually called
the Memphis route, and which I suppose the Sen-
ator from Tennessee would prefer, and which was
surveyed by Captain Pope, I have only these re-
marks to make: so far as the grades are concerned,
it is perhaps practicable; so far as wood and water
are concerned, it is doubtful, though perhaps they
could be obtained. Therefore, without going
minutely into it, I beg leave" to state merely this:
that at the end of the survey he says that the dis-
tance is one thousand eight hundred and forty-
nine miles from Fort Smith to San Pedro, which
is five hundred or six hundred miles short of San
Francisco. The distance is one thousand eight
hundred and forty-nine miles. He seems to have
gone very minutely into the calculation; and, es-
timating the cost of the road at $89,000 a mile,
which is much less than some roads are being con-
structed for, from Fort Smith to San Francisco
the cost would be $166,230,000. After having
obtained that, the great object is to carry this road
to San Francisco. You have five hundred miles
of road to add to that, which will cost at least
$40,000,000 more, and this will make the total cost
not a dollar under $200,000,000.
Mr. GWIN. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him whether San Pedro is not directly on the
Pacific ocean ?
Mr. EVANS. Yes, sir; but T never under-
stood from the Senator from California that it was
designed that the road should stop anywhere short
of San Francisco.
The next route explored is what is usually
called the Texas route. The surveys which have
been made, one by Pope and the other by Lieu-
tenant Parke, extend from FortPreston,I think it
is, on the Red river, crossing the Rio Grande, and
from that going to the junction of the Gila and the
Colorado. That part of the road which lies be-
tween the mouth of the Gila and the Mesilla
valley was surveyed by Lieutenant Parke, and I
beg to call attention to what he says. 1 should say
here that I believe, according to the accounts
which have been given, so far as the grades are
concerned,it is practicable, as the highest grade is
only about eighty feet to the mile, which, I under-
stand, is a practicable grade. After deciding
whether the grade is practicable, the next question
is whether wood and water can be had. He says:
" The supply of timber alone: the route is very limited.
Cottonwood, the only growth of size sufficient to answer
tlie purposes of sills, is found in but four localities : on the
Gila, at Tuczon, on the Mimbres, and Kio Bravo. Water
being so very essential to the very existence of this tree, ir
only grows on the banks of streams, and disappears with
the sinking of the waters, as is the case at Tuczon and Rio
Miinbies. At Toczon I was informed thatavariety of the
pine is found in tho canadas of Sierra de Santa Catarira,
in the east and northeast of the town. In the mountain;-,
about fifteen or twenty miles north of the crossing of the
Mimbres, the pine also exists. But the plains are entirely
destitute of trees of any description, and the mountains
have agenera! appearance .of sterility and ruggedness, yield-
ing in the concealed nooks and valleys a meager cedar and
dwarfish evergreen oak."
So much for the wood. Now for the water:
" There is a great scarcity of water along the line, there
being but nine localities where tlie supply could be said to
be permanent.
" Whether water can be obtained on these plains by dig-
ging within reasonable limits is a question to be solved in
every case by experiment, owing to the geological structure
of the country. This experiment I consider worthy ;of
attention, not only on account of its great and all-import-
ant bearing upon the question of locating a line of railroad
over this country, where are intervals of fifty or seventy
miles between permanent waters, but also, if successful,
on account of the relief rendered tlie various parties cross-
ing during the dry season, whose sole and great anxiety
now is, when entering upon these jornadas, to get their
animals through to the next water."
If water is to be supplied, it must be by sinking
artesian wells in a region where one was never
sunk before, for ail this region of country .is vol-
