1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
SIB
canic, and in no instance has water been found in
an artesian well in a volcanic region. All that
have been dug were either in the crustaceous or
tertian formation. You come then to that region
of country which lies between the Rio Grande and
Fort Preston, above the Red river. I concede
that the grades are such as may be overcome. The
great difficulty that arises is from the want of
wood and water. There is a region of country
the like of which is not, perhaps, found elsewhere
in the world. It is what is called the Staked
Plain, or, as the Spaniards term it, the Llano Es-
tacado. This, in its greatest width, is one hun-
dred and seventy-five miles, and in its smallest
width, one hundred and thirty miles. That whole
region passing over the plain is utterly destitute
of wood and water, and is as perfectly barren as
the desert of Sahara. This railroad has to pass
through it. There is no getting around it, because
this region of country extends from the 30tho to
the 35th° of north latitude. There is no getting
around it; you have to go through it.
How could we find a supply of water there ?
It must be by artesian wells. No artesian well,
in such a region, has ever been dug. It is true
that Pope supposes water might be obtained at a
depth of from sixty to one hundred and twenty
feet. He supposes it might be obtained; but no
one knows it. It never has been sbtained. The
examination has never been made, and every one
who has looked into the subject knows perfectly
well that you cannot tell, by any external indica-
tion, whether water can be obtained by an artesian
well at all or not. I understand that, in the city
of St. Louis, a well has been sunk to a depth of
two thousand four hundred feet, and no water has
been obtained. In Alabama it is usually obtained
at a depth of from six hundred to seven hundred
feet. The great artesian well near Paris is one thou-
sand eight hundred feet deep; so that there can be
no certainty until the experiment has been made
whether water can be obtained or not. I therefore
conclude, Mr. President, that we haveno inform-
ation yet which will enable us to determine
whether this is practicable or not; and I repeat
again, that, if I supposed this was to be done by
private enterprise, I would put no difficulties in
the way. If men are fools enough to embark
their money in an unprofitable or an impracticable
enterprise, it is their own folly, but who does not
know, who has been in the Senate any length of
time, (I have been here only two years, and I
have found it out,) that any pretext is sufficient to
bring a man here to ask that the country, with an
overflowing Treasury, to ieward hirn for his pa-
triotic enterprise? Thes6 people will come and
tell you, when the service has turned oat to be a
failure, that they entered into the contract at the
instance of the Government; that they did it with
the most honorable and patriotic motives; and,
sir, Senators in abundance will be found to say
that, under the circumstances, they ought not to
lose, but let the Government, with an overflowing
Treasury, be the loser.
Mr. TOUCEY. I am hardly willing, after the
part which I took on a former occasion in refer-
ence to the construction of the Pacific railroad, to
give a mere silent vote on this bill. It is yet not
my intention to discuss its merits; but I do pur-
pose to state the position which I shall occupy in
regard to it. I think I am justified in assuming
that position. I regard the construction of the
Pacific railroad—a railroad connecting the Atlantic
and the Pacific—as an object of such paramount
importance as to justify tne exercise of the con-
stitutional powers of this Government. There is
only one indispensable requisite which I would
insist upon beside that of keeping within the strict
powers of this Government. It is that the com-
munication should be entirely within the jurisdic-
tion of the United States; and I may as well here
acknowledge that, without a minute investigation,
my impression is in favor of the feasibility of a
road through that territory which we have ac-
quired by the recent treaty commonly called the
Gadsden treaty. Whether my impressions are
right or wrong I am unable to say. It matters
nothing to me whether the road is to pass through
the southern or the northern portion of the coun-
try. The Atlantic States are so connected by the
innumerable railroads which are already in exist-
ence, that I regard them as a unit. What I want
is a connecting link between these roads and the
Pacific ocean. If I comprehend this bill, it pro-
poses to furnish that link by authorizing three
distinct routes; but it leaves to capital to select
which is the most practicable route instead of ar-
bitrarily determining it by a vote of Congress. It
leaves it to capital to say where the investment
can be most productive—where it will most effect-
ually accommodate the public interest; and I have
the impression, from all experience, that it is the
owners of the capital who will most surely select
the most eligible route.
Many arguments have been adduced here to-day
which, it seems to me, are not applicable to any
proposition contained in the bill. If I understand
its propositions, they are only three. The first is
that this Government shall set apart for a distance
of twelve miles on each side of each route, the altern-
ate sections of land. I ask of what value are they
in a waste wilderness? They now have no value,
or at all events, a mere nominal value. The value
that will be communicated to them will be by the
road which is constructed through them; and am
I not willing to give one half of the sections within
that distance, that will thus be designated, for the
advantages which will result from the construc-
tion of this great work ? Sir, I am willing to do
it; and I consider that the Government, and the
country, will be immensely the gainers by any
such gift as that. If by it, sir, individual enter-
prise can construct this great work from the At-
lantic to the Pacific, it will accomplish an object
which, in the future—I do not mean in the distant
future, but in the immediate future—will be of
immense importance, not only to the Government
but to the people of the whole country. What
else do we do according to the proposition con-
tained in this bill? I will tell you what we do.
We agree to contract for a period of fifteen years,
to carry the public mails across the road at a rate,
not exceeding $300 a mile. That is but a small
fraction of what we pay now by the various routes,
through the Gulf of Mexico and across the conti-
nent to the various points on the Pacific. If you
enter into this contract it will be an economical
one. I am willing to do that.
We propose to do one thing more; and that is
to transport the public stores—the naval and mili-
tary stores—at a rate not exceeding the average
now paid, if I rightly comprehend the terms of the
bill. Am I not willing to do that? How do we
lose anything by it? Is the Government a suf-
ferer by that ? When I have said this, I have
mentioned every obligation which is to be assumed
by the Government under the provisions of the bill;
namely, to give the alternate sections, to enter into
a contract for the carrying of the mail, and to enter
into a contract for the transportation of military
and naval stores. Will any one tell me that the
Government will be a sufferer by a contract of that
kind? I have not heard, in the debate, from any
Senator who has participated in it, any objection
on the score of economy, to either of these con-
tracts. Are they unreasonable? No one advances
the idea that they are. Do you implicate the
Government for too long a time—fifteen years?
No one advances any such proposition as that.
Well, why shall we not be willing to do this for
the purpose of accomplishing this great enterprise.
But, sir, there seems to be a supposition that
we are to enter into some obligations besides those
which I have enumerated. I desire Senators to
lay their finger on any part of the bill which
involves this Government in any obligation what-
ever. Does it interfere with the legislation of the
States, either present or prospective? Does it
abridge the legislative powers of the States ? Not
an iota. Does it even come into conflict with the
legislative power of the Territories to make reg-
ulations, to pass laws? I find no such conflictm
this bill. I find nothing in it that does not leave
the legislative power of the'State and the legisla-
tive power of the Territories untouched, una-
bridged, unrestricted for all purposes of police, and
for all purposes of beneficial regulations.
Why, then, am I called upon to vote against
the bill ? Is it because Congress cannot decide
which is the best road? Sir, f know not how it is
here, I hope we are never to be called upon to
enact a charter for a railroad; but, in a State Legis-
lature when they are called upon to do that pub-
lic service, they prescribe the termini and leave it
to those who advance the money to indicate the
route, subject to control. What can wt do better
than that? What can we do better than to leave
it to capital to select the route?
But it is said that there will be three routes.
Mr. President, I believe that the*forra of this bill .
is calculated to call for a contract from"capitalists'
for the best of the routes, with that instinctive
certainty with which capital will always seek the
best enterprise, when different propositions are
submitted to them upon different terms; and when
they have selected one, does any one suppose that
a second route will be constructed? It is under
the control of Congress. You can repeal the prop-
osition at any time before the contract has been
formed.
In short, I regard the form of this bill as the
only one in which it can be submitted to the pub-
lic, whether private enterprise will construct the
road. If it is not constructed by private enter-
prise, how can it be constructed ? Can it be con-
structed by this Government? I deny it, sir. I
deny the power of this Government to construct
and carry on such a road as that for commercial
purposes; but I admit the power to make these
grants which we make in other less important
cases, to make them in a case of the utmost im-
portance; fori undertake to say, sir, that if you
have reference to the future; if you have reference
as well to a time of war as to a time of pe&c*; if
you have reference to naval and military opera-
tions upon the Pacific coast and upon the Atlantic
coast, there is no work which can be presented to
Congress of as vast importance as that which is
embraced in the one which will secure an internal
and communication between the oceans.
These are my deliberate views; and I cannot,
however I may differ from any of my friends, act
in opposition to these views. I think they are
the true views which should govern us in a ques-
tion of this kind, and which certainly will govern
me. But it is said the proposition is a magnifi-
cent one. Well, sir, the territory of this countx-y
is magnificent. The progress of this Government
is magnificent. You can hardly propose any thing
with reference to the future, and applicable to this
country, if it comprehends the whole country,
which is not necessarily magnificent. As long as
this Government is not implicated beyond enter-
ing into a simple contract; as long as you charter
no company, no incorporated company; as long
as you leave the reserved rights of the States un-
touched; as long as the people of the Territories
are left in the full enjoyment of the right and
power which they have, or ought to have, I find
no objection to a contract of the kind proposed in
the b'ill. I, therefore, in accordance with these
views, must give my vote in favor of its passage.
Mr. CHASE. The Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Bayard] proposes to say a few words to
the Senate on this bill. I desire now, as it is very
important to have an Executive session, to move
to postpone the further consideration of the bill,
for the purpose of proceeeding to the consideration
of Executive business. '
Mr. GWIN. The friends of the bill have to-
day scarcely participated in the discussion with
the anticipation that those who were opposed to
it would let us have a vote before we adjourn.
That is all we ask. If we can pass the bill, we
wish to do it. We desir® to settle the question
to-day.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Ohio insist on his motion ?
Mr. GWIN. I hope not. I hope the Senator
will give us an opportunity to vote.
Mr. CHASE. If the vote is to be taken at
once I will not object, though I am anxious to
have an Executive session. But I wish, before the
vote is taken, to say a few words in response to a
remark which fell from the Senator from Tennes-
see. He stated that on a former occasion I had
declared my determination to vote for no rout 
south of the Missouri river.
Mr. BELL. I meant the State of Missouri.
Mr. CHASE. The Senator certainly labors
under a misapprehension in regard to that. I
have always said I would vote for any route
which should commend itself to the consideration
of Congress as a proper route; and I said, in some
remarks which I submitted some sessions ago, that,
in my judgment, one of the most important routes
would ultimately be found to be the route from
Matagorda to San Diego. I have, therefore, never
committed myself to any sectional view upon this
question whatever; -and I wish to say now, and
say it briefly, Mr. President, that if a route from
Matagorda to San Diego should be brought before
