1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8M
VETO MESSAGE.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of the President's vetg mes-
sage.
Mr. PECKHAM. I wish to make a mo-
tion 
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that it is
not in order to proceed to any other business until
the consideration of the veto message is disposed
of in some form or other. The pending question
in reference to this matter is to postpone the con-
sideration of the message until Saturday, the 3d
of March.
Mr. PECKHAM. I do not wish to make any
motion at all, if the House will only come to a
vote upon this matter.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
who reported this bill, if he is desirous of having
this matter laid over till Thursday?
Mr. BAYLY. I am.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will, therefore, under
the expectation that the House will agree to ihat
proposition, withdraw the motion which I sub-
mitted on Saturday.
Mr. BAYLY. I would be very glad to ad-
dress myself to this veto message, if it. were pos-
sible; but my lungs are so exceedingly inflamed
that I shall find it impossible to do so at this time.
I hope, therefore, that the House will agree to post-
pone the consideration of this matter till Thursday
next.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia a question. If the consider-
ation of this sulject should be deferred till Thurs-
day next, will he, if possible, call the previous
question, and dispose of the matter at that time?
Mr. BAYLY. No, sir.
Mr. HUNT. No gag law.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is to postpone the consideration of this
matter till Thursday next; and the motion now
pending is to strike out " Thursday" and insert
" Saturday."
Mr. ORR. I am very anxious that the House
should conie to a vote upon this veto question
directly. I should like extremely to extend to
the gentleman from Virginia the opportunity of
being heard in reply to the objections which the
President has urged against the passage of this
bill. It does seem to me, in consideration of the
present state of the public business, that it would
not be proper to postpone the consideration of this
question, which would lead to a protracted debate.
The gentleman from Virginia, under these cir-
cumstances, cannot consider it discourteous if the
House, by a majority, should determine to come
directly to a vote upon this question without fur-
ther debate. Those of us who are inclined to
sustain the veto, are perfectly willing, so far a3 I
am informed, to come to a vote now, without
further debate.
Mr. BAYLY. I beg leave to say to the House,
that I shall not consider it discourteous to me
personally, if, for public considerations, the House
should deem it proper to take a vote now. It is
not my purpose at all to review the message, but
I do wish, however, to show the character of the
veto power; and I do wish to show, as I think 1
shall be able to do, that this is not a case for its
application. But if the condition of the public
business is such that the House desire to vote at
once, I have not a word to say adverse to action.
Mr. WASHBURN,ofMaine. I would inquire
of the gentleman from South Carolina, whether it
would not be satisfactory to him to have this
matter postponed until Thursday, to be made the
special order for that day only ? I think that there
should be some reconsideration of this message.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I only desire, with
the leave of the gentleman from South Carolina,
to make a single remark. I do not expect to par-
ticipate in the discussion of this question, when
it ukes place. I have certainly no disposition
to stifle discussion upon any question. I believe
it is the opinion of every gentleman upon this
floor, who has taken any pains to ascertain the
present state of things, that there never was so
much danger to the necessary public business of
the country as now. In the few remaining days
of the session important appropriation bills, neces-
sary to the public service, may be lost for the
want of time; and we have not one hour to spare
for anything not immediately and intimately con-
nected with carrying on the operations of Govern-
ment.
Mr. ORR. In reply to the inquiry propounded
by the gentleman from Maine, I would say, the
consumption of even a day's time, at this period
of the session, will, as suggested by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,] jeopardize
the passage of important bills.
Mr. PECKHAM. What bill ?
Mr. ORR. I will enumerate them. There is,
first, the civil and diplomatic bill. Gentlemen who
have had experience here upon this floor know
that this bill consumes rarely everless than a week's
time, and oftentimes it consumes three weeks'
time of the House. The civil and diplomatic
bill appropriates $10,000,000, or somewhere in the
neighborhood of thatsum. We have, then,in addi-
tion, the naval appropriation bill, which proposes
to appropriate some $7,000,000 or $10,000,000
more. We have also had returned to us from
the Senate the Army bill, with a great number of
amendments. One of these amendments proposes
to increase the regular Army of the country to the
extent of four regiments. That will, perhaps,
give rise, as it ought, to some debate in the House.
In addition to that, there has been returned to us
from the Senate the Indian appropriation bill,
with numerous amendments that must lead to
debate. There is the Military Academy bill, too.
Mr. HOUSTON. The fortification and the
Post Office bills will be returned from the Senate
to-day.
Mr. ORR. I thank the gentleman for the sug-
gestion. All these matters, Mr. Speaker, have to
be disposed of between this and Saturday week.
We have remaining buttwelve days, including to-
day, to dispose of bills appropriating $,30,000,000.
Some gentlemen near m& say $60,000,000, but
certainly it is upwards of §30,000,000. This
being the condition of the public business, I sub-
mit to the House that we have notu day to devote
to this discussion; and I submit it with the more
confidence, for the reason that this question has i
been discussed before the House, and the minds
of members are made up. The President has
exercised his constitutional authority of opposing
an objection to this bill, and the probability is, that
not a great many votes will be changed. At least
gentlemen understand the question as well without
debate as with it.
The gentleman from Virginia indicates his pur-
pose if he makes a speech—and I regret, judging
from the appearance of the gentleman, and the
hoarseness with which he is afflicted, to express
the opinion that I fear he will not be able to do by
Thursday next— 
Mr. HUNT and Mr. CAMPBELL. Others
will.
Mr. OLIVER. If the gentleman from South
Carolina will yield to me a moment, I desire to
say that I can see no possible good to result to the
country from a discussion of this veto message at
this time. If I could see any possible good to
result from it, I should bo glad to see itgone into;
but we have but twelve days of the session left—
only forty-eight hours, according to our ordinary
length of sessions, for the transaction of the im-
portant business of the session. The gentleman
from South Carolina has mentioned the important
bills which are pressing for consideration; and
among others, he has alluded to the Army bill,
to which the Senate has appended a provision
increasing the Army, for the protection of our
frontiers against the murders which are being per-
petrated by the Indian tribes upon our western
borders. In view of the shortness of time remain-
ing; in view of the exposed condition of our west-
ern frontiers; in view of the fact that the Indians
are daily committing murders upon our peaceful
and unoffending citizens, I ask this House if they
are willing to consume the time proposed in dis-
cussing this veto message?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman allow rr.e a moment of his time?
Mr. WHEELER. I object to this farming out
the floor.
Mr. OLIVER. I wish to say only one word
further. Gentlemen who seem anxious to discuss
this veto message, have not asserted that any
possible good can result to the country from such
discussion. Gentlemen say they desire to de- j
nounce it, because it is a usurpation of power,
and because it tramples upon the rights and priv-
ileges of this House, and of the country. If gen-
tlemen desire to denounce the veto for such reasons,,
let them take some other time, some other occa-
sion and opportunity.
Besides, this question has been thoroughly dis-
cussed. The distinguished champion ol this metus-
ure upon this floor [Mr. Bayly, of Virginia] has
spoken twice upon it, and he apologized for say-
ing no more upon it by saying that ihe honorable
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] had exhausted
the subject, and had left nothing to any other gen-
tleman to say. The House voted understandjngly;
the bill passed after due consideration; and it has
been vetoed by the President, and now I hope thia
House will proceed at once to a vote upon the
measure.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the gentleman from
South Carolina to allow me to say a word.
Mr. WHEELER. I objectto this fanning out
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remark
that it is not in order for any gentleman to yield
the floor except for the purpose of explanation.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to say but a word
or two. A few moments ago I withdrew the mo-
tion which I submitted and explained on Satur-
day, to postpone the consideration of this message
to the 3d day of March next, with the view of
sinking all further discussion upon this subject
(luring this session. I did it because I understood
the gentleman from Virginia, who had charge of
the bill, was anxious to be heard in reply to the
arguments of the message. I see, however, that
the purpose of the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Our] is to cut off all debate and bring the
House to a direct vote upon the argument sub-
mitted by the Piesident, without any opportunity
to any one to reply to its most remarkable assump-
tions. Now, I cannot acknowledge the force of
his reasons for driving the House to a vote on the
bill in this way. I know the civil and diplomatic
bill has not been touched. 1 urged, Mr. Speaker,
the very reasons which the gentleman has given
in support of the motion which I made, to rid the
Elouse of the whole subject without further con-
sideration, and make way for important unfinished
business. The gentleman objected on Saturday,
and his purpose now is to bring this House to a
direct vote upon the passage of the bill, under the
provision of the Constitution, without any reply
either from the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Bayly,] or any other member,to what
1 regard the flimsy and unsubstantial argument of
the President. If that is his purpose I notify him
now that I will renew, if it becomes necessary, the
motion I made on Saturday.
It is not our fault if the civil and diplomatic bill,
or any other measure, is lost. It will not be the
fault of the House. It is the fault of the Presi-
dent, who has thrown obstacles in the way of
business by a most extraordinary assumption of
Executive power.
[Cries of " Order !" " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair is compelled to
say that this discussion is not strictly in order.
The debate is not confined to an explanation, but
assumes the nature of an argument.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understood the gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] extended to
me the same courtesy which he extended to the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Oliver,] and
claim for myself no other right of debate than has
just now been extended to him.
The SPEAKER. But other members of the
House object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then the rule is made to
bear more rigorously on me than others.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] is the last man upon this floor who
can, with propriety, take the position that the
effect of my motion is to cut off debate, with the
view of bringing this question before the country
upon the argument of the President, as contained
in his veto. The very last man; for his proposi-
tion on Saturday last was to postpone the consid-
eration of this Executive veto to a period^ in the
session when there could not be any legislative
action growing out of it. And now the gentle-
man rises in his place and says we desire to bring
the House to a direct vote upon the question
without debate. When that is now proposed to
b® done he objects, because we desire to preclude
argument, £)id not ^a.course indicate the very
same things
