1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
To the secretary ol the board, at the rate, by ihe year, of
#a,ouo.
To the clerk, at the rate, by the year, of $1.000; and to
the messenger, at the rate, by the year, of $504): Provided,
Thai the whole expenses of the commission shall not ex-
ceed >;'5O,0IK).
Pec. 10. Jlr.d be it further enacted, That during the con-
tinuance of said commission, all documents and commu-
nications having relation to said claims, which shall be ad-
dressed to or from the said secretary, shall be free from
postage.
Sec. 31. Jind be it further enacted, That the sum of
$5,000,000 herein specified, shall be in full discharge of all
claims for compensation for the class of cases provided for
in this act; and that the presentation of any claim or me-
morial to thfi commissioners, for adjudication under this
act. shall be taken to be a release and discharge of the
United States from all other and further compensation that
lie, she, or they, may be entitled to receive under the pro-
visions of this act: Provided, however, That in case any
alleged holder of any claim contemplated bv this act shall
fail, for any cause, to present the same for adjudication and ,
adjustment, as is herein piovided, such claim shall forever
after be deemed and taken as altogether invalid, m whose
hands soever the same may be. It being the true intent
and meaning of tins act that the proper amount of indem-
nity for the damages herein provided for cannot be consid-
ered in the aggregate 10 exceed the amount herein appro-
priated, however much the claims for indemnity in the
aggregate may exceed that sum. And should the Boaid of
Commissioners, under their rnle= and regulation*, of allow-
ance, find a laiger aggicsate, the reduction, i>io rata, then
required, shall only beconMdeied as a mode ot ascertaining
the true amount of dam iges sustained in each ease.
Sec. 12. jind he it further enacted, That an attorney to
the said board shall be appointed by the Pre-ident, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, wlios.e duty it
shall he to resist all unjustclaims, nnd to protect the interest
of the United States and of the fund that may be appro-
priated to carry this act into execution; and, to this end,
he shnll have power to examine witnesses; and to cause
testimony to be. taken, and have access to all testimony be-
fore the commission lor the purpose of examining it, and
a right to t>e heard in ail cases-. He shall be sworn to the
faithful p"iformanee of his duty as Attorney, and shall be
entitled to the same compensation as one oi the commis-
sioners."
Mr. ORR. I can hardly suppose that my
friend from Maryland is serious in hispurpose to
have the French spoliation bill ingrafted upon
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. SOLLERS. I have offered the amend-
ment. The Chair decided it out of order, and the
question now is upon my appeal from that decis-
ion, which 1 take is not debatable, and I call the
gentleman to order.
Mr. ORR. 1 am in order in discussing the ap-
peal.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
South Carolina has the floor. The Chair will state
the case. The gentleman from Maryland offered
the French spoliation bill as an amendment to the
one now under consideration. The Chair decided
the amendment to be out of order. From that
decision the gentleman took an appeal, and the
question now is, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the jud«rmentof the committee?"
Mr. HOUSTON. I would appeal to my friend
from South Carolina to let us have a vote on the
question, if discussion be commenced on the
point we can hardly tell where it will end.
Mr. ORR. I will withhold the remarks which
I intended submitting and only ask that the 81st
rule be read for the information of the committee.
The Clerk read the 82st rule as follows:
"No appropriation shall he reported in such general ap-
propnat.on lul, or be m mdu a* a.i amendnn nt theieto tor
any expenditure not previously authorised by law unless ui
continuation of appreciation*, lor such public vvoikjnnd nb- .
jec!*? a& are already in pioan^s, and lor contingencies for !
carrying on the sevcial dep-utments ot the Gov rnment."
Mr. SEYMOUR. I am a friend to the French
spoliation bill, but this amendment is clearly out
•of order, and i bhail vote to sustain the Chair's
decision.
[Crien of " Order !" " Order !"]
Mr. SEYMOUR. This question is debatable,
but I have no disposition to debate it, as the
amendment is clearly out of order. I shall vote to
sustain the Chair's decision, although decidedly in
favor of the vetoed French spoliation bill.
Mr. KlilllR. Mr. Speaker, { simply desire to
state tnat « am as much in favor of the French
spoliation bill as any man m this body, but I re-
gaid this amendment as out of order. Even if I
did not so regard it, I would not vote to put it
upon the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill,
and for the rtason that it mij^ht force the President
to veto a measure winch would stop the wheels^ of
the Government. I have no idea of any such
system of legislation.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I
simply want to remark that a majority of this
House this morning refused to allow us the privi-
lege of discussing the veto message, even for an
hour, or to assign a day for its discussion. I
am a friend to the French spoliation bill, and
opposed to the exercise of the veto power upon
questions of expediency as claimed by the Presi-
dent in the last veto message which he has sent
us. This is one of three vetoes during the present
Congress, a most extraordinary manifestation of
the power of the Executive, Genera! Washington,
I believe, having only vetoed one or two bills
during his eight years of service. I say, sir, I am
willing to sustain my friend from Maryland in
offering the French spoliation bill as an amendment
to the civil and diplomatic bill. ! am of opin-
ion that the amendment is in order. And, Mr.
Speaker, I take occasion to say here, that if I
were in the majority in this House, sooner than
proscribe debate on so great a measure as the veto
message of the President, as was done this morn-
ing, I would allow all the appropriation bills of
the present session to fail, and let a new Congress
come together to discuss them. 1 deem the dis-
cussion of the principles which are involved in the
President's veto message, as of vastly more im-
portance to the liberty of the people of this coun-
try, than to pass all your appropriation bills.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 rise to a question
of order. It is not now in order to discuss the
veto message, or what the House did this morn-
ing. The House a week ago adopted a resolution
that, with the exception of night sessions, all de-
bate should be confined to the subject under con-
sideration. This is a mere question of order.
TheCHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
gentleman, on both sides of the committee, that
while tlits question of orderis debatable on appeal,
yetit must be confined to that question, which is,
whether ihe decision of the Chair, in ruling the
amendment out of order, is right under the rules?
The Chair is of the opinion that it is not in order
to discuss the merits of the veto message upon the
French spoliation bill.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will waive that, for I find
that it is evidently distasteful to a majority of the
committee to hear anything in regard to that veto
message.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I come to the French spo-
liation bill itself. That bill provides for the pay-
ment of just claims, which have been recognized
and passed by two Congresses, and which have
been favorably reported on by committees more
than twenty different times. They are just and
honest claims, and ought to be m order to the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. CUMMING. 1 use to a question of order.
The appeal from the decision of the Chair is the
question now before us, and not the President's
veto message, nor the French spoliation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The question being raised
the Chair must decide that discussion must be
confined to the subject under consideration.
Mr. TAYLOR, I was endeavoring to confine
my remarks as strictly as possible within the rules
of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. Gentlemen must confine
their remarks to the appeal from the decision of
the Chair. They can go on to show that the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland is in
order to this bill.
Mr. TAYLOR. The bill under consideration
is for the purpose of carrying on the Government
of the United States. It appropriates money for
all the civil departments, and, in my humble judg-
ment, one of the best things which can be done
in administering the Government, is to pay all the
just and honeetclaims against it, even if they be of
very long standing. I do not know of any better
ascertainment of the justice of the claims provided
for by the French spoliation bill, than what has
been done heretofore by Congress after Congress.
Those claims have been carefully examined by
many of the most eminent men of the country,
and they have rf ported favorably upon them time
and time again, during thelastforty years. And,
sir, if I were to illustrate the propriety of annex-
ing a bill of this character to the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill, I would say that the
claim is as just, and may be as properly considered
by the members of this committee, as the claim of
the heirs of Baron de Ivalb, passed and approved
at this session. The De Kalb claim was more
ancient than those for French spoliations.
Mr. ORR. I-JfH that claim been attached to the
civil and diplomatic bill ?
Mr. TAYLOR. I will answer the gentleman
from South Carolina.
The CHAIRMAN. TheChairmustdecidethat
the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio are not
in order.
Mr. TAYLOR. Well, sir, as gentlemen upon
the other side of the House seem averse to any
discussion of the veto message, or even allusion
to it, I will not trouble them with any further
remarks.
Mr. SOLLERS. I offered this amendment in
good faith, and the amendment having been ruled
out of order, 1 have taken an appeal, for the reason
that it is legitimate and proper for this House, as
it has the right to do, to sustain its own dignity
and its own respectability. That is what I think.
I knew that by the decision of the Chair, I should
be ruled out of order; but, sir, I trust the com-
mittee will overrule that decision. I do not know
one single claimant under this spoliation bill. I
do not know that I ever saw one of them. But,
sir, I do believe this to be a just claim; and 1
derived my impression from reading the history
of the claim. I do know, however, one thing: I
know that the exercise of the veto power, in
vetoing this bill, is a violation of the Constitution
of the country. That is my firm conviction. And
I know another thins; 
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order. The
gentleman from Maryland is discussing the veto
power. I ask that he shall be confined to the
discussion of his appeal.
Mr. SOLLERS. Well, what can I do?
Mr. ORR. 1 insist that the gentleman shall be
confined to the appeal.
Mr SOLLERS. No man in this House has
consumed more time than the gentleman from
South Carolina himself.
Mr MILLSON obtained the floor.
Mr. ORR. 1 hope the gentleman from Mary-
land does not mean to be personally offensive.
Mr. SOLLERS. I mean just what I say, that
no man occupies more of the time of the House
than the gentleman from South Carolina, and he
should be the last man to raise the question of
order upon me.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair calls thegentle-
man from Maryland and the gentleman from South
Carolina to order The gentleman from Virginia
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MILLSON. The Chair has held, and prop-
erly, too, that this appeal is debatable. It is so,
because the debate has not been closed upon the
bill itself. Now, sir, it would be useless to pro-
tract this debate, as I foresee it is likely to be pro-
tracted during the whole of this day.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is compelled
to remind thegentleman from Virginiathathe must
confine himself to the appeal.
Mr. MILLSON. I will do so. I was about to
appeal to my friends on this floor, and especially
from the South, to warn them earnestly of the
fatal precedent that might beset by establishing
the doctrine that it was competent for the House
to place in one of the general appropriation bills a
measure of the character of that proposed by the
gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. WHEELER. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Virginia is discussing the
bill, not the apneal.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman mustcon-
fine himself to the appeal.
Mr. MILLSON. Iam doing so now.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman can only
assign reasons in connection with the question.
He must not discuss the merits of the bill.
Mr. MILLSON. I am confining myself to the
question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will pro-
ceed in order.
Mr. MILLSON. I intended the remarks I
made only as introductory to the motion I am
about to make, that the committee rise for the
purpose of terminating this debate. Sir, it is in the
power of members of this House to protract this
debate for days and days, unless it is terminated
by-a resolution of the House. We have already
commenced voting upon amendments. No one
desires to speak upon the bill itself. If we go into
the House, therefore, and terminate the debate
upon the bill, the debate upon the appeal will be
cut off altogether. 1 move, therefore, that the
committee rise for the purpose of submitting such
a resolution.
