820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gentle-
man from Virginia will withdraw the motion and
allow us to vote upon the appeal.
Mr. M1LLSON. I would readily withdraw
the morion, if I thought there was any prospect
of coming to a vote; but I see plainly that the
indications are that we snail spend most of the
day in the discussion of the appeal.
Mr. JONES. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw the motion. I think we shall come to a vote
without more debate.
Mr. M1I.LSON. The gentleman from Tennes-
see has charge of this bill. If he is willing to take
the responsibility of the discussion that is likely to
grow out of the appeal, I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I wish to ask
the gentleman from Virginia one question. I
desire to know if he has any idea what will be the
character of the amendments to be offered to this
bill? i am perfectly willing that the debate should
be closed at once upon this appeal. I voted for
the French spoliation bill when it was before the
House, and I would do it again, but I will never
vote to put it in as an amendment to this bill. I
regard it as clearly out of order. I am perfectly
willing to cut off all collateral discussion upon this
and all similar propositions. But I would suggest
that there may be another bill offered as an amend-
) this which I shall desire to speak f<
ment to this which I shall desire to speak for more
than five minutes.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
question of order. I understand that the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Maryland,
which is in substance the French spoliation bill,
has been ruled out of order as an amendment to
this bill, upon the ground that there is no law au-
thorizing the payment of these claims.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair ruled the
amendment not to be in order upon the ground
that it is not in pursuance of any existing law, and
upon the ground that it is, in his opinion, in the
nature of a private claim.
Mr. W ASH BURN. I have always understood
that a treaty was the supreme law of the land, and
I have also always understood that, under the
operation of the treaty of 1800, these claims were
established againt the United States—claims which
have been recognized by the Senate of the United
States some half dozen times, which have been
recognized by the House twice. Yes, sir, both
branches of Congress have twice, by large major-
ities, decided that these claims did exist by virtue
of a treaty with Prance, by a treaty which is
admitted to be the highest authority in the land
excepttheConstitution. Therefore, I hold thatthe
point of order was not well taken, and that the
amendment offored by the gentleman from Mary-
land, so far as that question is concerned, is clearly
in order. 1 hold that it cannot be a private bill,
inasmuch as it embraces the interests of too many
of our citizens to bring it within thatcategory. It
is, therefore, a public measure; it is in pursuance
of an existing treaty, which is a law of the land;
and it is, in my opinion, clearly in order. I hope
the committee will sustain the appeal taken by the
gentleman from Maryland, and overrule the decis-
ion of the Chair.
Mr. CHANDLER. I rise simply to express
my conviction that the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Maryland is entirely in order. I
do not know whether the decision which has been
made against it was made upon tneground as has
been asserted. I understood the Chair to decide
that it was out of order upon the ground that it
was a private bill. • Sir, we did not act upon it as
a private bill, nor did it go upon the Calendar
among the private bills. There is a standing re-
mark in this House on the part of those gentle-
men who are opposed to paying interest upon the
nation's debt, that this Government is always
ready to pay its debts. An application is now
made for the payment of a debt. A treaty, as
has been remarked by my friend in front, has
been made for the payment of this debt. It h the
law of God—a higher law than even that'—that
you shall owe no man anything. We have more
than once, during this Congress, strained our
rules in order to carry a point. Who, before the
last session, ever heard of striking from a bill its
enacting clause with a view of introducing into
the Committee of the Whole anything like the
previous question! And yet that was done here,
and it has since become a favorite rule, and one
which is often resorted to here.
Sir, there is every reason why this amendment
should be regarded in order. There is no reason
why any gentleman who voted for the bill should
now escape the responsibility of it by voting that
it is out of order to bring it in here. God forbid
that it should ever be out of order for the House
of Representatives of the United States to pay the
debts of the Union. Let us find a law in our
natures—if there is not a law upon our statute-
books—to pay it. Let us understand that we
really owe this money, and that we are bound to
pay it, and when there is an opportunity for us
to do it, I canrjpt see why it is not in order.
Mr. ORR. I am surprised to hear the remark
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that he con-
siders this claim in order as an amendment to the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I dislike to make a
point of order upon the gentleman from South
Carolina; but I think he has spoken once upon this
question, and under the rules, he has no right to
speak a second time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I claim the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair believes that the
point of order is well taken.
Mr. ORR. I have not spoken upon this ques-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
South Carolina has already spoken upon this ques-
tion, he is not, the Chair believes, under the rules,
entitled to speak again, if any other gentleman
wishes the floor.
Mr. ORR. I did not speak. I waived my right
to the floor without speaking.
The CHAIRMAN. If that be so, the gentle-
man is entitled to proceed.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
predicates his opinion that the claim is in order
upon some treaty stipulations. Now, sir, by the
treaty of 1800, and by the treaty of 1803, every
claim which France recognized as ,a valid claim
against her, was provided for, and those claims
were all paid.
Mr. WASHBURN. That is the very thing
that is denied—the very question at issue.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Will the gentleman from
South Carolina permit me to make a remark upon
this point?
Mr. ORR. Certainly.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Even if these claims were
provided for by the treaty, there is an express rule
which forbids the mingling of appropriations to
carry out treaties with other appropriations. It
is the 78th rule, and is as follows:
"In preparing bills of appropriation for other objects, the
Committee of VVajs and Means shall not include appro-
priations for carrying into cffecttreatiei made by tile United
States; and where an oppiopriation bill shall be referred
to ttiem, for their com-iderauon, vvhii.li contains appropri-
ations for carrying a treaty into effect, and (or other objects,
they shall propose such amendments as shall prevent the
appropriations for carrying the treaty into effect being
included m the same biil with appropriations for other
objects."
Mr. WASHBURN. I submit that that rule
does not touch the case at all. It does not pre-
clude the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union from making the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly it does,
j Mr. SEYMOUR. If even the Committee of
I Ways and Means are not allowed to introduce a
| bill which contains these two kinds of appropri-
| ations mingled together, and if the rule piovides
that, if such a bill is referred to that committee,
I they shall so amend it that they shall not be
brought together before the House, is it not, for
the same reason, out of order to introduce into a
general appropriation bill that is pending appro-
priations for carrying a treaty into cffect ?
Mr. ORR. The rule which the gentleman has
read is conclusive upon that view of the question.
But in addition to that, we have, as a House of
Representatives, established rules for the govern-
ment of this body in the House and in committee.
One of those rules declares that nothing shall be
in order as an amendment to the general appro-
priation bill that is not provided for by existing
law, or to carry out some public woik that has
already been commenced, or unless it be to meet
the contingencies of some one of the Departments
of the Government. That is the rule we have
established. Now, sir, does this claim come under
either of those heads? Can any gentleman, who
will look at the matter impartially, come to any t
other conclusion than that the claim ia out of order?>
Surely, sir, there can be no doubt about it, if this
House means to stand by the rules which it has
adopted for its own government. Those rules
cannot be changed by a meie majority. Is it be-
cause a majority are in favor of the passage of a
particular bill that the rules are to be superseded
to carry that point? Would you riot load down
all your appropriation bills if there were not rules
of this sort, and if those rules were not strictly
enforced ? I think there can be no doubt that if the
81st rule which has been adopted by the House
is to be in force, this amendment is, in no point
of view, in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Chairman, I think
there is no pertinency in the position assumed by
the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Seymour,]
no force in his construction of the rule he reads'.
This House has decided again and again—it has
decided this very morning, lhat under the treaty
of 1800, there is a legal liability on the part of this
Government to American citizens in relation to
these French spoliations. If there be a legal lia-
bility, it is clearly in order to provide, as the
gentleman from Maryland proposes to do, by his
amendment, an appropriation to meet it.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I do not wish to throw
any obstacles in the way of the progress of legiti-
mate legislation, but I am not to be deterred from
doing what I believe to be right—as the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Kekr] seems to be—
by fears that our determination to do justice and
vindicate our own course may bring another veto
from the other end of the avenue.
Sir, I hold that this Government was organized
to accomplish something more than simply to pro-
vide appropriations for the payment of office-
holders, through the civil and diplomatic and other
appropriation bills. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Chandler] has well remarked that
one of its highest purposes is to provide for the
payment of its just and honest debts. The amend-
ment is clearly in order, because this House has
recognized the liability of the Government for
these losses. Within the last hour, this House
has, by a decided majority, declared its conviction
that there is a legal liability to pay this debt, be it
more or less. The idea, therefore, that it is out
of order to provide the appropriation, is utterly
fallacious. I hope members will not stultify them-
selves by sustaining the decision. True, the Pres-
ident says we have not, by the vetoed bill, pro-
vided enough to pay the claim; but if we cannot
pay the whole loaf which we owe, can we not
provide an appropriation to pay half the loaf?
Besides, sir, why may we not remove that obsta-
cle in the President's mind, by carrying with the
civil and diplomatic bill, an appropriation for the
full amount honestly due.
I am a little surprised, Mr. Chairman, that the
honorable member from South Carolina [Mr.
Orr] should support a point of order like this.
He has so long trained with that company which
have been striking out enacting clauses and
stretching and riding down the rules, in order to
carry measures through this House, that his scru-
ples this morning rather amazed me. But I desire
to refer the gentleman and the Chair, to a case
where a civil and diplomatic bill embraced the
point in a much stronger form than does the pres-
ent proposed amendment. The second section of
the civil and diplomatic act of 3846 actually con-
tains a provision materially modifying the tariff
act of that year. I think a similar proposition to
modify the tariff was decided to be m order as an
amendment to the general appropriation bill of
1850, when that distinguished parliamentarian,
Hon. Howell Cobb, was the SpeaKer. I am sur-
prised at the position assumed by the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. J G. Jones,]
though I believe he was not a member of the
House at that time, when a proposition was in-
tr0j *n 1^50, as an amendment to the civil
and diplomatic bill providing for a protective duty
on iron. It was called the iron protective amend-
ment. It was introduced by the gentleman's pre-
decessor, [Mr. Strong,] and sustained, I behepe,
by nearly every Democrat from Pennsylvania,
W wu same point of order was raided.
Why, then, is it, sir, that gentlemen now de-
clarej that pending the consideration of the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill, we cannot pro-
vide the means of paying that which, within the
last hour, this House has declared to the world to
be a legal claim, and one which the Government
