1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ssa
may think proper. The said commissioners shall take an
oath or affirmation, to be entered on the record of their
pioceedmgs, lor the faithful arid diligent performance of
their duties; and in case of the death or resignation of any
such commissioner, his place may be supplied by appoint-
ment as aforesaid, or by the Pre^dent duiing the recess of
the Senate, of another commissioner in his stead. The
said commissioners shall beaikborized to hear and examine
all questions relative to the said claims, and to receive all
suitable testimony, on oath or affirmation, and all other
proper evidence and documents concerning the same; and
the rules for the decision of said commissioners shall be the
principles of justice, the law of nations, and the former
treaties between the United States and France, to wit: the
treaty of amity and commerce ofthe 6th of February, 1778,
the treaty of alliance of the same date, and the consular
convention of the 14th ofNovember, 1783. Their decisions
shall be in writing, and filed with their secretary, and the
individuals interested thereinshall,on demand, have a copy
thereof; and the promulgation of the decisions of said com-
missioners shall be in public. The said commissioners
shall not, at any one time after the 1st day of December
next, adjourn for a longer period than ten days, without the
consent of the President of the United States, m writing,
first had and obtained.
[Cries of Question !" " Question !"]
Mr. KE1TT. 1 demand tellers on thequestion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Wheeler
and Hamilton were appointed.
The question was taken; and the decision of
the Chair was sustained; the tellers having re-
ported—ayes 103, noes not counted.
So the amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. CRAIGE. Mr. Chairman, I move to in-
sert under the heading of Northeast'Executive
Building, the following:
For the continuation of the Treasury Building $'M0,000;
to he expended under the direction of the President of the
United States according 10 the plan proposed by Thomas
U. Walters, architect, and appioved of by the Committees
of the Senate and House of Representatives on Buildings
and Grounds at the last session of Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 should
like to know under which rule that amendment
comes in ?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment provides
for the continuation of a building already begun
by law, and the Chair decides it to be in order.
Mr CRAIGE. This building was commenced
many years ago, and although its completion has
been recommended by every Administration since,
still, for some reason or other, Congress has not
provided for it. At the last session of Congress,
a bill passed the Senate for that purpose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This amendment
cannot be in order here, nor anywhere else in the
bill, it is to make a new State Department.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment relates to
the Northeast Executive Building.
Mr. CRAIGE. 1 shall not trouble gentlemen
with the amendment now. 1 shall withdraw it,
and ask that I may be allowed the floor at an early
day for the consideration of the bill which passed
the Senate. I tried during the last six or seven
weeks of the last session to get it up, and have it
passed, but I was unsuccessful.
Mr. LYON. I move to strike out "five" from
line one hundred and severity-six, and to insert,
in lieu thereof "seven," and to add " $2,000 of
which sum shall be expended in the increase of
the salary of the Assistant Secretary of the Treas-
ury;" so that the paragraph, if amended, will
read as follows:
For compensation of tlie Secretary of the Treasury and
A*5>istiint Secretary of the Treasury, clerks messenger,
as>l-larit messenger, and laboievs in his ollice,
$0,000 of winch sum shall tie expended in the increase oi ;
tlie salary of the Assistant Secretary of the Tieatury. I
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That amendment j
is clearly not in order. The salary ofthe Assist- j
ant Secretary of the Treasury is fixed at §3,000. j
The effect of the amendment would be to change ;
the law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the I
amendment is not in order upon the ground that j
it does have the effect to change the existing law. |
Mr. LYON. I should like to have the 81st rule j
read, under which, I think, I can show that the I
amendment is in order. j
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman appeal,
from the decision of the Chair? j
Mr. LYON. I do take an appeal, and now, j
sir, I desire to call the attention of the committee j
to the 81st rule, which is as follows: j
" No appropriation shall be reported m such general ap-
propriation bills, or be m order as an amendment thereto,
for anv exp- nditure not previously authorized by law,
unless in continuation of appropriations for such public
works and objects as are already in piogress, and for con-
tingencies for' carrying on the several departments of the
Government."
Now, Mr. Chairman, a contingency has arisen
since the passage of the law fixing the salary of
this officer.
Mr. HUGHES. What contingency?
Mr. LYON. I will show what contingency,
if I can have an opportunity. A great amount
of additional labor has been devolved upon this
officer under the reciprocity treaty, in collecting
the facts and arranging them into tables. He has
been faithful and impartial in the discharge of
those duties, as well as those ordinarily devolving
upon the office of Assistant Treasurer, and has
received but $3,000, while your collectors, in dif-
ferent places, receive $6,000 per annum. I say,
therefore, that a contingency has arisen in conse-
quence ofthe arduous and extraordinary amount
of labor which has devolved upon this officer,
which demands that he should receive an adequate
compensation. He receives now $3,000. I simply
ask that his compensation shall be increased
$2,000 for his extraordinary service under the
reciprocity tieaty. It is a contingency that has
never before arisen since the office was created,
and may never arise again. I hope the House
will allow this amendment to be adopted. When
I see a man toiling for the good of the country,
guarding the Treasury like a Cerberus, I want to
see him fairly, honorably, and justly compensated.
Sir, this man has labored assiduously, not only
during the ordinary working days of the week,
but on Sundays. [Laughter.]
This increase has not been asked by him; the
offering of this amendment is unknown to him.
But, sir, I hope, in consideration of the large
amount of the extra services he has performed,
the amendment will be received by the committee,
and the decision of the Chair overruled.
The question, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
put, and sustained.
Mr. LILLY. I move to amend as follows:
At the end ofthe twenty-ninth line, insert:
Provided, That the provisions of the "joint resolution to
fix the compensation of the employees in the legislative
Department of the Government," approved inly 5211,1854,
be, and the same is hereby, extended to such of the clerks
in the Executive yepartments oftheGovernmentm Wash-
ington, as are not included in an " An act to amend the
third section of the act making appropriations for the. civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for the year
endniii the 30th June, 1854, and for other purposes," ap-
proved April 22, 1854.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That amendment
is not in order It is to change the existing laws.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is out of order.
Mr. CRAIGE. I now offer the amendment
which I proposed some time since; and I submit
to the Chair that it is clearly in order under the
81st rule. The building was commenced many
years ago, but has never been finished.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
For the continuation of the Treasury building, $'3110,000,
to be evpended under the direction of the President ol the
United States, according to the plan proposed by Thomas
U. Walter, Architect, and approved by the Committees of
the Senate and House of Representatives on Public Build-
ings and Grounds at tlie last session of Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit that that
amendment is not in order. No appropriation
i has been made for the continuation of this build-
ing, I think, for twelve or fifteen years. What-
ever the original plan was, I do not know; but
certainly it was not Mr. Walter's.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I desire to say
that this appropriation is demanded by the neces-
sities of the Department itself. The building at
present is not large enough to carry on the opera-
tions of the Department. There is not room
enough for the clerks to perform their usual and
ordinary duties. It is certainly one of those con-
tingencies contemplated by the rule to which the
gentleman from North Carolina has referred. It
was not intended when the original appropriation
was made that the building should be completed at
that time; but it was to be elongated and enlarged
as the necessities of the Government required.
| This appropriation is simply to carry out the
original intention of Congress, and it is clearly in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair begs leave to
say that when he suggested that the amendment
was not in order, he supposed that it referred to a
different building. The Chair, understanding dif-
ferently now, is not prepared to rule the amend-
ment out of order.
Mr. CRAIGE. I now ask that ihe Clerk will
read a letter from Mr. Walter, which 1 send to the
desk, and which explains his plan.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Architect's Office, Ex. XJ. S. Capitol, >
Washington, D. C., January 10, J854. >
Sir : In compliance with your request, I submit the ac-
companying design for completing the Treasury building,
and extending it, so as to embrace accommodations for the
Department of State.
The rooms in the additions are made much larger than
those of the present building, which, it is believed, will fa-
cilitate the business of the Departments.
I propose to make the rooms higher and more airy, by
dispensing with the old method of vaulting, and introducing
arches of short span, supported by iron girders. This plan
is quite as strong as the ordinary arching, while it islighter,
and requires no piers in the corners of the rooms. It has
also the advantage of imposing no lateral pressure on the
walls.
The order of architecture of the present building is neces-
sarily carried out in the additions ; I have, however, omit-
ted any more columns than seem to be required to give a
pioper effect to tne elevations.
The following statement exhibits the relative size, accom-
modations, and cost of tlie present building, and the pro-
posed additions:
Ground covered by the present building. 30,930 feet.
do. do. " additions ...68,916 "
Flooring in rooms of present building... .44,560 "
do. do. " additions 102,200
Number of roomsin present building 152
do. do. " additions 202
Cost of the present building $650,000
do. " additions SI ,250,000
This estimate is founded on the supposition that the ad-
ditions will be made of marble or granite, and the present
building painted in imitation of the additions.
I also submit, herewith, a sketch for new buildings for
the War and Navy Departments, to be erectcd on the site
of the present buildings, and to correspond, in general archi-
tectural finish, to those of the Treasury and State Depart-
ments.
These buildings will contain three hundred and sixteen
rooms, and will cost about $1,750,000.
In case it should be deemed expedient to provide accom-
modations in this building for the Department of the Inte-
rior, it may be done without interfering with the War and
Navy Departments, as there are four separate entrances,
and the room is ample.
In these designs 1 contemplate covering all the buildings
with thick copper, laid on iron rafters; and constructing the
ceilings of the upper story of cast iron, similar in principle
to the ceiling and roof of the congressional :ibrary, as I
consider it important that the public buildings should be
entirely and thoroughly fire-proof, which they cannot be,
if wood is used in the construction of the roofs, as has
heretofore been the practice.
A skylight may be made in each of the upper rooms,
which woiild render them the most desirable rooms in the
buildings, especially for topographical drawings, engrossing
clerks, and every employment that requires a constant and
strong light.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
TIIOMAS U. WALTER,
Architect of Public Buildings.
Hon. James A. Bayard, Chairmanof Committeeon Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, United States Senate.
Mr. CRAIGE. In order to satisfy the House
of the necessity of this appropriation, I think I
need only say, that almost every Administration
since the building was commenced, has recom-
mended its completion. Almost all the Depart-
ments are suffering for want of room, and more
especially the State Department; and this exten-
sion is intended partly for the accommodation of
the State Department. At the last session the
Senate passed a bill making this appropriation
almost unanimously, it came to this House, and
was referred to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds. That committee recommended
its passage, and I have been endeavoring to get
the bill up, but have failed to do so. There can
be no doubt of the propriety of the appropria-
tion.
Mr. LILLY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting, after the word " President,"
the words " by such civil architect as he may ap-
point by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate." I do not desire to discuss the question
of civil and military superintendence at this stage
of the session. We had a long and able discus-
sion upon that subject last session. But i desire
to prevent, for the future, any military men being
put to superintend civil works. We are about to
increase the Army. Now, if an increase of the
Army is necessary, we ought certainly to cause
the officers engaged in civil employments 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (interrupting.) I
think that amendment to the amendment is not in
order. It creates a new office. The amendment
provides for the continuation of a building.
Mr. CRAIGE. I would say to the gentleman
from New Jersey that the plan for this work has
been submitted by a civil architect.
Mr. LILLY. So was the plan for the Capitol
