1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
825
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the bill of
the House for the relief of Charles J. Davis, ad-
ministrator of Captain John Davis, an officer in
the war of the Revolution, reported it back with-
out amendment.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
nouncing (hat they, on reconsideration of the ball
of the House entitled " an act to provide for the
ascertainment and satisfaction of claims of Amer-
ican citizens for spoliations committed by the
Fiench prior to the31st of July, 1801," returned
on the 27rh instant by the President of the United
States, with his objections thereto, had refused to
pass the same.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
_ Mr. BROWN. At the close of the short ses-
sions heretofore, as we all know, it has been the
practice to sit over until the 4'h day of March at
twelve o'clock. The 4:h day of March this year
comes on Sunday. If we sit until twelve o'clock
on the 4ih of March this year we "shall violate the
Sabbath. To obviate a difficulty of that sort, 1
propose to take time by the forelock, and provide
that we shall adjourn at twelve o'clock on Satur-
day night. I therefore offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resnlveri, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That the President ol' the Senate and the Speaker cX the
House of Rfpi cseutatives adjourn tneir rcepoctive Houses
sine die on tin? night of the 3d of March, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. WELLER. I shall object to the consid-
eration of that resolution until the Senate agree to
pass my resolution to meet at eleven o'clock in
the morning;. If we adopt that order, we can get
through our business by the lime which the Sen-
ator from Mississippi mentions.
The resolution lies over one day under the rule.
SLOOP OF WAR ALBANY.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
Bent:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be required to
communicate to the Senate a copy of the order issued by
the Navy Department to the officer in command of the
home squadron, in pursuance of which the United States
sloop ot war Albany was ordered, on her last cruise, to
Carihagena and Aspinwail, &c. ; also, of the orders given
by such officer, to Commander Gerry, to proceed upon
such crui&e; and also, of any reports or letters from the
captain «>f the' Albany, or others, respecting the condition
Of the Albany, or the necessity of repairs to said vessel.
Mr. WELLER. I know nothing about the
character of those instructions, but I can readily
conceive that there may be something of a private
character, the exposure of which would be incom-
patible with the public interest. Therefore, I
should prefer that the call be made on the Presi-
dent, with the usual qualification that the inform-
ation be communicated if not incompatible with
the public interest.
Mr. SEWARD. I modify the resolution in
that way.
The resolution was so amended and agreed to.
MRS. M'CLELLAN.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I desire now to call up
the bill which 1 yesterday morning reported from
the Committee on Pensions, for the relief of Mrs .
J. Josephine McClellan. No one will object to it.
It was yesterday morning laid over, on the objec-
tion of my colleague on the committee, the Senator
from Alabama, [Mr. Clay.] Eie has examined
the matter, and is now willing to let it pass.
The Senate, as m Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill. It will direct the
Secretary of the Interior to pay to Mrs. McClel-
lan, widow of Brevet Lieutenant Colonel John
McCleilan, late of the corps of topographical en-
gineers, half of the monthly pay to which her hus-
oand was entitled at the time of his death, for five
years from the date of the death of her husband,
ai<d m case of her death or intermarriage before the
ex'mauon o' the five years, it is t:< enure for the
balance of the ttrm to his child or children under
sixteen years of age. «
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be-engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
THE EMIGRANT PASSENGER EILL.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I regret to
find myself compelled to ask the attention of the
Senate this morning for a very few minutes, to a
matter personal to an esteemed colleague of ours,
now absent from the Senate. I refer to the Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Fish ] I have had
my attention called to the proceedings of a meeting
of merchants, held in the city of New York, upon
the subject of the passenger laws, and the speech
made at that meeting by Mr. Grinnell, a well
known merchant of New York, in which the ab-
sentSenator [Mr. Fish) is accused of having acted
with duplicity towards a committee of merchants,
who were present heie, upon the subject of that
bill. This accusation of intentional duplicity is
indorsed at the same meeting by Mr. Mortimer
Livingston, another merchant. In the speeches
made at that meeting, my name occurs in connec-
tion with the conversation which took place be-
tween Mr. Fisii and thatcommitteeof merchants,
and, therefore, it becomes incumbent on me, as a
duty, to defend the reputation of our absent col-
league from imputations which I consider to be
entirely unjust and ill-founded.
The Senate will remember that, at our last ses-
sion, the Senator from New York [Mr. Fish]
moved the appointment of a select committee lor
the purpose of gathering the information necessary
for a general revisal of the laws regulating the
transportation of emigrants in vessels across the
Atlantic. The Senate will also remember that a
large amount of information was accumulated by
the committee, of which that Senator was named
chairman, and was partially embodied in the re-
port which I hold in my hand, which was made
at the close of the last session. That report was
accompanied by a bill; and in that b 11 new and,
as the select comrmttee deemed, efficient safe-
guards for the protection of the life and health of
the emigiants were provided. Very soon it be-
came obvious to the members of the committee
that the merchants engaged m the transportation
of these emigrant passengers were dissatisfied with
the biU. It was natural that they should be so.
The bill proposed to impose upon them additional
expenses. It proposed to reduce the number of
emigrants which they had previously by law been
allowed to carry on board of their vessels; and it
had reference rather to those provisions which
were necessary for securing the life and comforts
of the emigrant passenger than the interests of the
owners of the vessels. Additional expense is en-
tailed upon the owners,and diminished remunera-
tion allowed for the passengers. A violent oppo-
sition sprung up to tne bill; and especially to one
feature of it, which was made the subject of special
remark in this meeting, and ridiculed in every man-
ner in which it was possible for the speakers to
ridicule it, and to which it is my intention now to
draw the attention of the Senate.
In the course of our investigation upon this
subject we ascertained that a provision had been
adopted into the system by which convicts and
emigrants were carried from Great Britain to her
colonies in the South Seas, and by which instead
of the passenger money being paid to the owners
of the vessel according to the number of passen-
gers received on board, they were paid only for
the number who were delivered at the expiration
of the voyage, thereby involving in the protection
and security of the passengers that principle of self
interest, which is the best and most effectual
guard incases of this kind as is evidenced by the
experience of ail mankind. I hold in my hand
that report, and I will trouble the Senate by read-
ing a few extracts from it. The evidence h most
abundant to support the passage which I shall
read:
" It is -stated that when the system of transportation was
fir&t adopted, in some of the earlier voyage*, full one half
of rhossc who embarked were inter, on the passage
to New South Wales, as jn the fhlMjorough, out of three
hundred and six who embarked, one hundred were lost;
and, m another ship, the Alias, out of one hundred and
seven, v fivcembark< d, sixty-one were lo-if. Yet, ther«  were
no omis-ion3 palpable to common observation, or which
con'd be distinct'v proved as matter of crimination to
which responsibility might be attached The shippers
were, no d'Hibr. honorable men, charge able with no con-
scious desurns against the lives of the human beings com-
mitcd to their cure, and with no unusual omissions; but
their thouplvs were directed by t* eir interests, exclusively
to proflrc; they got as much freisht a^ they could, and they
saw no reason why convicts and emigrants should not put
up with temporary inconveniences, to make room for
cargo.
'• By a simple change, (ba«ed on the principle of self-
interest, the mo«t uniform, general, and when pioperly
| directed, really beneficent of all principles of action,) by
1 the short alterations of the terms of the contract, so a<? to
apply the raouve where alone there was the effectual means
of prevention, by engaging to pay for those landed alive,
instead of paying for all those embarked, these extreme
horrors were arre&ted; the generation of extensive mortal
epidemies was, in a short time, prevented, and clean bills
of health might have been given to all the ships which
before would have been entitled to none. £\om the report
of the select committee on transportations, in the year
it appear# that in one period, namely, from 1795 to 1801,
out of three thousand eight hundred and thirty-three con-
victs embarked, three hundred and eighty-five died, being
nearly one i-a ten. But since 1801, after the principle of
responsibility began to be applied, out of two thousand
three hundred and ninety-eight embarked, only fifty-two
have died, being one in forty-six. The improvement has
continued up to the present time, when it amounts only to
one and a half per centum, or even lower than the average
mortality of such a class living on shore."
Now, Mr. President, it was against the adop-
tion of this principle in the bill, for the protection
of passenger emigrants, that the merchants of
JNew York arrayed themselves in that meeting*
and arrayed themselves in their private arrange-
ments, which resulted in their sending a committee
here for the purpose of embarrassing the adoption
of the principle. My colleague on the select com-
mittee was aware of this attempt on the part of
the merchants to oppose the adoption of the prin-
ciple. Being compelled by ill health to absent
himself for the remainder of the session, and it
being perfectly obvious to all that no general biff
like that which was reported, consistingof a large
number of sections, and requiring minute investi-
gation , and probably a long debate, could be* passed
duting the remainder of the session, he requested
me, before leaving, to watch over it. I concurred
fuliy in his views; I agreed with him that this
principle ought to be adopted; and if from any-
thing that I have said before on this floor, the
inference has been drawn that I acted only in hi&
behalf, and without concurring with him in that
opinion, that inference is notweslfounded. I fully
agree with him as to the propriety and necessity
for sucha safeguard as this in theadoption of any
bill which may hereafter be passed on the subject.
About the period of his departure a committee
of merchants from New York reached here with
aview of obviating some pressing difficulties which
were then weighing upon the mercantileand ship-
ping interest. The difficulties arose from the fact
that a change had been made in the construction
of the passenger law in the Treasury Department,
by which a number of vessels belonging to mer-
chants in all our ports had been seized for a vio-
lation of the provisions of that law, provisions-
which had hitherto been liberally interpreted,and
the violations of which, if any existed at ail, had
been unnoticed. The Senator from New York
[Mr. Fish] agreed with me in preparinga law for
the remission of the penalties, and for a tempo-
rary relief to that interest, but agreed with me that
it would be injudicious to allow any general pas-
senger bill to pass at the present session without
the improvements and modifications suggested by
the select committee being embraced m it. He
left here with these impressions, I sharing them
with him. After his departure a bili wasbrought
forward, stated to have been prepared with the
concurrence of the Treasury Department, and
that of the merchants of New York, providing for
a general revision of the passenger laws. I ob-
jected to the reporting of that bill, which was
brought forward first by the Senator's colleague
from New York, [Mr. Seward.] but I withdrew
my objection on being informed, from sources
which I believed to be entitled to credit, that Mr.
Fish had waived his objection, and was willingto
try the success of his bill at the next session.
After withdrawing that objection, I heard from
the Senator, by a letter dated at Charleston, m
which he stated that he had heard of the existence
of such rumors; that they were unfounded; that
he still adhered m principle to the provisions of
his own bill, and left me to be guided, as regards
my own course, by my own opinions and convic-
tions on the subject.
Under these circumstances I stated to the Sen-
ate, the other day, that I should oppose th« pas-
sage of the bill reported from the Committee oi*
Commerce. On my opposition it went over, f
now find myself complimented in these speeches,
as the true friend of the mercantile interest ,.on the
ground that I made the opposi'ion solely on ac-
count of the Senator from New York, [Mr. Fish,]
and he is charged with duplicity. I can take no
share of the compliment under such circumstances-
to myself. 1 agree fully with the Senator [Mr.
Fish] in his conviction as to the necessity of suoh
