828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
the ocean. And such American presumption would
call fortli denunc ation on both sides of the Eng-
lish channel, expressions of the most virtuous
indignation. The fact is, sir, and it cannot be de*
rued, that France and England have taken the fate
of Cuba into their own hands, and with little re-
gard to the patriotic pride and feelings of the people
of this country. They have assumed unjustly,
but naturally enough, looking at their own rule of
action, that we mean to have it, right or wrong,
and they have proclaimed haughtily to us, and
openly to the world, that, right or wrong, we shall
not have it. Well was it intimated by Mr. Everett,
in his letter before referred to, that if such an
Island as Cuba guarded the entrance of the Seine or
the Thames, the interests of France and England
being reversed, their purposes would be reversed
also; and it may be safely added, that it would
have been seized long ago, as almost half fche world
has been seized by one or the other of these lec-
turers upon the duty of national humility. The
London Times, that faithful exponent of English
feelings, made a remark upon the subject of the
annexation of Texas, which should be reprinted
in every paper of the United States at least once
a year, and thus held in perpetual remembrance.
It denounced this equal, peaceful, voluntary union
between two kindred nationsas "an act of rapine,"
(hard words are easy things in the columns of the
thunderer,) and why? Aye, there's the rub,and
it rubs very closely. Because it is "calculated to
deprive us of a useful ally, to perpetuate slavery,
and to create a rival maritime power in the Gulf
of Mexico." This key unlocks the English heart.
The abolition of slavery, as thefanatics avowed a
short time since at Exeter Hall, is to be made the
occasion or the pretext for breaking up this Union,
and the putting down of commercial rivalry is the
great object of English policy. While Cuba fur-
nishes food for the indulgence of these feelings, its
acquis tion would be as obnoxious, and will be as
steadily resisted, as was that of Texas.
Some two months since—though it did not meet
my eye until recently—an article was published in
the New York Courier and Enquirer, evidently
written by the editor, a gentleman of high char-
acter and intelligence, and who has recently spent
much time in England, and, as I am informed, has
been brought into contact with some of the prom-
inent public men in that country. This article,
semi-official in its appearance, purports to speak
the sentiments of Lord Clarendon, and, I have no
doubt, truly. The statesman and the editor must
have discussed this whole matter upon quite confi-
dential terms, and the result gives us the author-
ized contradiction, by Lord Clarendon, of the
construction put upon his own language. The
narrative of the circumstances is preceded in the
Courier by a rebuke of th&filibustering and bully-
ing spirit of Democracy, ana of the alleged design of
myself, and of others of much more importance
than I am, to involve our country in a war with
England. This is the way that every attempt to
awaken public attention to the flagrant designs of
foreign Powers against the United States, with '
a view to be prepared for, and to counteract them,
has been characterized and denounced. It is an
old stratagem in political contests, and a most
unworthy one. It is quite time that this cant
were no longer canted. Nothing is lost by the
open examination and exposition of projects hos-
tile to our own rights and interests. JSTor is any-
thing gained by an effort to conceal or to palliate
them. It has long ago been found out, that merely
covering the head, and thus intercepting our own
observation, affords no protection to the body,
which remains exposed. We shall have no war
with England, nor with any other Power, until
such war is forced upon us by the most serious
injuries. Nobody wants war in this country—
almost nobody. But we shall not prevent its
advent by shutting our eyes to the signs of the
times, and crying "Peace! Peace!" when there
is no peace.
Well, sir, the editor of the Courier says, that
in my place in the Senate, I " called attention to
some remarks of Lord Clarendon, (the English
Minister of Foreign Affairs,) made in the House
of Lords, suoposed to indicate an alliance between
France and England in relation to Cuba, and all
other questions on this side of the Atlantic as
well as the other." This is the unjust and offen-
sive charge, so bitterly reprobated. It is conceded
that " the language quoted > certainly admitted of
such forced construction." Even this qualified
admission reduces somewhat the flagrancy of the
accusation. But it sticksjn the bark. No man
can put any other construction upon the words,
and the editor adds, that " the press, without dis-
tinction of party, applauded General Cass, de-
nounced the alliance, and called upon the Admin-
istration tc beware of the consequences.,' Is it
possible, that the editor of one of the most influ-
ential papers in our country, holds the opinion of
his colaborers in the great field of journalism in
so little estimation, that he believes they would
unanimously adopt a " forced" construction of a
speech like that, and hold it up without reason to
public condemnation ? The error is with the sin-
gle dissentient, not with the united community of
editors, and should have taught juster views and
more moderation of language. And now Louis
Napoleon has come to add his evidence to the
universal conviction of the American people.
The editor of the Courier, attributing a change
of public opinion in this country, respecting the
objects of the pending: war in Europe, to this
declaration of Lord Clarendon, makes that cir-
cumstance the reason for entering into his excul-
pation, which, when analyzed, amounts to this:
that Lord Clarendon, learning the construction
which had been putin this country upon his re-
marks in the House of Lords, addressed two let-
ters to our minister in London, " explaining the
true import of his speech, and giving the most em-
phatic and precise denial of any, the least inten-
tion, of pursuing any such course, in regard to
Cuba, as was charged in th  Senate of the United
States." All I said, in the Senate of the United
States, on the subject of Cuba, was, briefly, as
follows:
" Now therr is no misunderstanding that statement, (the
deciaiation of the British Minister.) It is intended to be a
notice to up, that France and England have come to an
asreem^nt with vespectto the schemes of aggrandizement of
the United States, : nd to stop them. It means Cuba. It
means any place where we wish to procure the acquisition
of territory."
If the editor has authority to speak for Lord
Clarendon, when he says that the English Minis-
ter had taken no such course with respect to Cuba;
that is, no course to check any effort for acquisi-
tion on our part, all I have to say is, I am glad
he has come to this rational view, though certainly
it will be news in this country, as well as in France
and England. If this be the determination of the
English Cabinet, one of the most powerful obsta-
cles in the way of acquisition will have been re-
moved Let those believe this who can. I go out
from among them.
We are told that "Lord Clarendon was the
most astonished man in Europe at General Cass's
construction of his speech in the Houseof Lords."
How large his lordship's bump of astonishment
may be I have no means of knowing; but I should
think, judging from this exercise of us powers, that
it was of the most capacious dimensions, as other-
wise his astonishment would not have been so un-
measured at a construction put upon his language,
which admitted no other meaning, and which con-
struction was adopted by the " whole American
press, without distinction of party."
Lord Clarendon indignantly sought to redeem
himself from a false position, originating in this
" wicked story," ar.d volunteered—the word is
underscored in the Courier—to teach us the value
of this peace offering—volunteered, with the assent
of the British Cabinet to write these two letters to
Mr. Buchanan, for the purpose of showing " to
the American Government the untruthfulness of
the allegations made, and the earnest desire of the
British Government, speaking the sentiments of
the British people, to preserve with us the closest
and most amicable relations."
it is not a little remarkable, sir, that,' in this
labored vindication, the materials for which was
doubtless provided by Lord Clarendon, not a ray
of light is cast upon his avowed intentions. "We
are told he did not mean what he said; but why
he did not say what he meant, either when he
spoke or when this explanation was prepared, re-
mains shrouded in Delphic obscurity. We have
misunderstood,it is complained, "theimport "of
his language. Why not tell us, then, what its
true import is? The natural course of injured
innocence would have been to disclaim the obnox-
ious designs, thus publicly deduced from the
phrase employed, and to say: " I am wrpngly
charged with this offensive supervision of the con-
duct of the United States. I meant no such thing.
What i did mean by the avowal that there was a
good understanding between F.ance txKMlngland on
all matters if polk:/ in all parts of the wcrtd, was a
very harmless declaration,intended togiveoftense
to no one, and I am the most astonished mart-m
Europe that offense has been taken at it. Arid
then, if he had shown what he considered the
error by the frank avowai of his object, the equiv-
ocation of the language would have been atoned
for by the promptness of the explanation.
The editor of the Courier makes it the subject
of grave accusation against our Administration,
that these letters have been retained in the pigeon
holes of the Department of State, instead of having
been given to the American people, thus leaving
them to the unjust conviction, that a flagrant insult
against them had been committed. .The editor
approaches this topic with appropriate solemnity.
He says: (< We state upon our responsibility, as
the conductor of a public press, which has never
wavered in its duty to the country, that for months
preceding the adjournment of Congress there
were on file in the Department of State letters
from Lord Clarendon, explaining to our Minister
in London the true import of his speech in die
House of Lords, and the most emphatic and pre-
cise denial of any, the slightest intention, of pur-
suing any such course in regard to Cuba, as was
charged in the Senate of the United States." That
is, to prevent us from acquiring it.
And this desire to preserve the relations of
friendship with the United States, by restoring to
the words of Lord Clarendon their true import,
was met by the American Government in a far
different spirit. " The letters were suppressed
says theCourier initalics, " and the gross slanders
put forth by the Administration and its tools;"
that is, the whole American press, without distinc-
tion of party, " permitted to do their work on the
public mind."
Here is an expenditure of indignation very use-
lessly indulged, which had better been reserved
for a more appropriate occasion. Lord Clarendon
made a speech in the British House of Lords, con-
taining the disclosure of a policy equally injurious
and offensive to this country. Soon after, he
learns, to his astonishment, but surely to that of
no one else, that this avowal had excited public
attention in the United States, and had given great
dissatisfaction to the American people. Lord
Clarendon says his words are misunderstood.
What, then, was his remedy? He wanted no
diplomatic correspondence to put him right. In
constitutional Governments there is a shield of
protection thrown over the speakers in all branches
of the Legislature; and the right of foreign coun-
tries to demand explanations respecting words
there uttered is everywhere denied. But Lord
Clarendon possessed a mode of self-exculpation,
subject to no will but his own. He could, at any
moment, have risen in his seat, and there, where
the words misunderstood to his prejudice were
uttered, avow their true import, as he intended
them, and thus redeem himself from a charge,
which could not but occasion pain to an upright
and ingenuous statesman. It is all idle to talk
about "the gross slanders put forth by the Ad-
ministration and its tools being permitted to do
their work on the public mind," because Lord
Clarendon's letters, if he wrote any, were not
published. Ten minutes in the House of Lords
would have placed his refutation independent of
any Government or people, if that brief space had
been employed in giving a rational and satisfac-
tory explanation of his declaration. Such an ex-
planation would have traveled through the world
giving another proof of the mightv power of free
discussion, and of a free press. The very neelect
to follow this obvious course but adds to the" im-
pression originally made.
As to the existence of any such letters I know
nothing. I have made no inquiry; none at ail.
I do not doubt, however, but that the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, who sits
beside me and who discharges his important trust
so honorably to himself and so acceptably to the
benate and the country, can tell us what are the
true facts in relation to this curious diplomatic
e?ll°deA'Jand can ^sfactoriiy explain the course
of the Administration m regard to it. I trust he
will gratify us with any information he mav dqs~
sess upon the subject.
Bat, sir, if such letters were revived, it ia
