1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
829
obvious, that their official publication here could
not have taken place without the admission of the
Government, by that very act, that this alleged
union, for the purpose indicated, had no founda-
tion in fact. And I must say here, that such an
admission, in the face of the words spoken, forti-
fied by the accompanying circumstances, and with
the anticipation, now become reality, of the acqui-
escence of the French Government in this scheme
of territorial compression, would have been an act
of self-stultification which I should be sorry to
see an American Administration commit, be it,
politically, friend or foe. In all this, it is no part
of my duty to search for the construction, which
Lord Clarendon has felt it expedient to put upon
his own words, i take them as I find them,
without endeavoring to ascertain whether the
terms employed belong to a " language confiden-
tial or to a language official." Certainly the forms
of human expression admit much doubt, and
charity should teach us to receive with favor
reasonable explanations, where the terms are un-
certain. I see no such claim for the employment
of charity in this case, because I consider the
terms as definite as the English tongue can furnish.
To avGid the awkwardness of making itself a
party to Lord Clarendon's disavowal, the Gov-
ernment, indeed, might have accompanied the act
of publication with the declaration of its incre-
dulity ; but 1 suppose every one will agree that, to
keep the letters, if letters there were, in their
pigeon-hole repositories, was much better than
would have been such an undignified exhibition.
The editor of the Courier attributes to this
forced construction of the language of Lord Clar-
endon much of the change which he admits has
taken place in the sentiments of the people of the
United States regarding the war now prevailing in
Europe. And while " honoring and respecting"
the feeling of patriotism, in which he says this
change has originated, owing to the conviction of
the ultimate unfriendly purposes of Prance and
England, he does but little justice to the intelli-
gence of his countrymen when he assigns this
change to the "falsehood and treachery" of a
reckless Administration and its supporters. Far
beyond the work of any Administration is this
alteration in the views of the American people.
For that it has taken place no one doubts. I
have felt the process going on in my own mind.
It appears to be an insoluble problem in Frajice
and England, and yet there is not the least real
difficulty in its solution. When the troublescom-
menced, the sympathies of this country were with
the Turks, and so far as these are concerned, they
are so yet. Turkey was the injured nation. De-
mands were made upon her absolutely revolting
to the moral feelings of the world. An independ-
ent community, she was bullied by Russia; no
other word will express the arrogant attempt.
She was haughtily required to make concessions
absolutely incompatible with her honor and her
interest, with her position, indeed, among the
sovereign States of the world. The Turk had
proved himself a better Christian than his Mus-
covite neighbor and would-be plunderer. The
course of the Moslem Government, with regard
to the Hungarian and Pohsh exiles, commends
itself to the respect of Christendom, by its firm-
ness and loyalty. Its unflinching defense of the
rights of asylum to the political victims of a des-
potic Union, seeking whom it might devour, and
in the very face of two powerful Empires thirst-
ing for blood, is among the noblest examples of
public honor and intrepidity to be found in Chris-
tian or in Pagan annals. Well did the successor
of Othman maintain the indomitable courage of
his race. And encamped only in Europe, as he I
is tauntingly said to be, he made himself the cham- j
pion of that great code of national law which pro- j
tects the weak against the powerful, whether i
marching under the banner of the cros3 or of the i
crescent. As to the Russian claim of protectorate
over the Holy places, as they are called; that is, the j
doubtful sites of miracles long since passed—of |
empty sepulchers and dilapidated churches—it is j
beneath contempt; not entitled to the smallest con- i
sideration. It was a demand, notforthe purpose j
of religion, but of power; not to guard Jerusalem i
from danger or oppression, but to exercise a con- [
trolling influence over ten millions of people—sub- j
jects of the Ottoman Empire. j
The disclosure of the objects of the Czar, in his i
interviews with the British embassador, are among I
the most extraordinary developments, that ever
found their way from a royal cabinet to an indig-
nant public. The pretense of piety in the pro-
tection of the Christian religion is abandoned in
these confidential effusions, and the inheritance of
the "sick man" is avowed to be the object of
Russian cupidity,and its proposed division among
the great Powers is held out as a proof of Rus-
sian wisdom and moderation. I know nothing
more atrocious in the dark catalogueof diplomatic
atrocities, than this unprincipled scheme of parti-
tion. Its equal is only to be found in the graphic
pictures of robber life, spread before the reader of
Gil Bias.
Neither does the position nor do the antecedents
of the Russian Government present to an Ameri-
can republican any elements of hope, nor any
grounds of sympathy. It is an unmitigated des-
potism, both in principle and practice. The Em-
peror unites, in his own person, the superior
authority—supreme, indeed, unlimited authority—
sacred and secular. lie is not only the head of
the State, but the head of the Church. Not merely
politically, but religiously; an object of faith, and,
it is said, of adoration. It is useless to talk of
the personal character and good intentions of the
present Russian Sovereign. He may possess all
his panegyrists claim for him; but woe to any peo-
ple, whose dearest interest depends on the dispo-
sition and constitutional temperamentof their ruler.
The Trajan of to-day may be succeeded by the
Nero of to-morrow; a wise man by a fool; a vir-
tuous man by a monster. These are the accidents
of birth. The only security against bad Govern-
ment is the bulwark of a Constitution, and eternal
vigilance in guarding it. At home, the Russian
system of administration is one of sheer tyranny,
unredeemed by a single institution devoted to the
equal good of the people; not the aristocracy, but
the vast mass of the nation, serfs in condition,
and outcasts in treatment. Abroad, its external
system is one of encroachment. Its battle-cry is
onward. It conquers, not to enlighten and make
happy, but to subject new realms to the rapacious
grasp of its double-headed eagle. The partition
of Poland a first, second, and third time, consti-
tuted deeds of infamy whose stain will never be
effaced from its escutcheon, nor from the remem-
brance of mankind. And the policy of Catharine
is still that of her grandson. It comes to him by
inheritance, and it is nourished by habit and by
inclination. Under these circumstances, past and
prospective, had the contest been confined to the
Czar and the Sultan, not a heart in America would
have throbbed in sympathy with the former. The
successor of the Prophet would have had our
hopes and ourgood wishes, unalloyed by any other
consideration.
But new actors appear in the arena, though 1
yet believe the protection of Turkey from the de-
signs of Russia is still the desire of this country.
The difficulty is in the separation of that object
from ulterior purposes, looking first to the reduc-
tion of the power and extent of the Russian Em-
pire, and then to the accomplishment of plans, if
not of immediate aggrandizement, at any rate of
armed interposition m all parts of the wort.d;
again, to borrow the Clarendonian expression:
We have signs enough m the political atmosphere,
that this would be the second act in the drama of |j
the union. Even if Lord Clarendon did not warn ij
us, Louis Nanoleon has done it. The significant ■
hints in the English and French papers, from time ;
to time, have done it. The current of conversation !
in France and England, as reported by observing i
Americans abroad, has done it. And a striking!
incident has added force to thegeneral conviction, j!
There was a moment when it was thought Sebas-
topol had fallen; a moment of triumphant exul-
tation. It was then that the French Emperor, on
reading a telegraphic dispatch, in the camp at
Boulogne, exclaimed, with unrepressed feelings of j
gratulation, Seeastopol is taken, it is stated
m our journals, on the authority of European )
correspondents, that during the period of three |
days, while this error prevailed, the United States I
were freely spoken of as the next Power, to which !
the Allies would extend their attention and their <
force. 1
It is a subject of vehement reproach against us 1
in England, that we exhibit such national ingrati- j
tude, by not sympathizing with the "noble con-j
duct" of France and England, as the Courier calls I
it, who are now fighting the battles of the world, j
"the battles of Christianity and civilization,"
protected, as the Courier also says, by this com-
bination.
Now, sir, I do not believe one word of all this.
1 believe France and England are fighting their
own battles, just as Russia is fighting hers. And
each for its own purposes. This charge of in-
gratitude against our country is not a new one.
I heard it long ago. England told us for twenty
years, that she was fighting the battles of the
world, from the commencement, in fact, of Gen-
eral Washington's administration down to the
war of 1819; and countless were the diatribes
poured out against us by the British press, and
which found a response in every heart in England
because we presumed to doubt her disinterest-
edness, and to deny the obligation of admiration
and thankfulness. Even in the State paper, signed
by the Prince Regent, containing the Eiglish
exposition of the causes of the war, this charac-
teristic trait appears in bold relief. After lecapit-
ulating the obnoxious course of the United States,
who had absolutely refused to be robbed any
longer by France or England, the document goes
on to say, " Against this course of conduct, the
real cause of the present war, the Prince Regent
solemnly protests. Whilst contending against
France in defense, not orily of the liberties of
Great Britain, but of the world, his Royal High-
ness was entitled to look for a far different result."
All this is said with as much apparent solemnity
and sincerity, as if there were a single word of
truth in this claim to be the great bulwark of
nations. That war originated m an attempt to
prevent the French people from exchanging a
despotic Government for a free one, by a revolu-
tion, which, as General Washington said to the
French Minister, Adet, awakened all his sympa-
thy. As if to preclude misapprehension, the execu-
tion of Louis XVI. was the signal for dismissing
Chauvelin, the French Embassador, and for
commencing the war. That deed of blood was a
wicked and unnecessary one, but it did not concern
foreign nations any more than the execution of
Charles I. concerned them, in days long gone by.
The Bourbon was a far better man than the
Stuart. The course of England was dictated by
the eloquent rhapsodies of Burke, and guided by
the overruling counsels of Pitt. But time has done
its usual offices of reflection, and I suppose there
are no w very few men in England, who do not con-
demn the policy then adopted. The immense debt
it left is at once her warning and her punishment.
And how did England fight for the liberties of the
world ? I will tell you, sir. From the commence-
ment of the war, her course was marked by a
most contemptuous disregard of the law of nations.
Our coasts were watched by her armed cruisers,
our seamen impressed, our vessels captured, con-
demned, and plundered, and every injury inflicted,
which imagination could contrive or power exe-
cute. It was a race between France and England
as to which should make the most out of us by their
atrocious acts of rapine. Orders in council were
met by Berlin and Milan decrees, and the coasts
of the world were laid open to plunder by ficti-
tious blockades, with no force to maintain them,
and in the very face of the established principle of
the law of nations. Thegre.it political dispute of
the day between the rival belli erents was, which
committed the first outrage. Both conceded that
neither had the right to begin; but each contended
that the other was the first aggressor upon neutral
commerce, and that h  had the right to rob the
neutral, because the neutral had been robbed
before. There is neither misrepresentation nor
exaggeration in this statement. It is plain histor-
ical truth. There was then at the head of the
Admiralty Court in England,'a man who bent the
law of nations to the will of the British Cabinet,
and who was just as ready to condemn vessels, aa
the Cabinet was to authorize their capture.
It is consoling tolook back, and to recollect that
there was one British judicial functionary, remote
in position, but high in character and independ-
ence, who asserted the obligation of the laws of
the world, and the inadequacy of a single nation
to change or to control them. This was, sir,
.Tamea Mcintosh, at Bombay. But the delusion
has passed away, and reason has resumed her
empire. Whether this return to the true doctiine
is owing to conviction or to the knowledge that
such a formidable weapon in the hands of the
United States, with their growing power, might
