1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
831
destiny, by any European Power, in any olher light than
as a manifestation of an unfriendly disposition toward the
United States."
Sir, the protest here is, that " we should con-
sider any attempt on their part to extend their
system to any portion of this hemisphere as dan-
gerous to our peace and safety." This was the
American doctrine, promulged in 1823—a protest
that the attempt on the part of. any European
Powers to extend their system anywhere upon
these continents would be dangerous' to the peace
and safety of the American people. Let us see if
those Governments have done it.
Sir, for reasons, as I have said, undisclosed, I
am free to declare, as far as I am capable of con-
struing conduct and action—not profession, either
declaration or disclaimer—conduct and action con-
tinuous, preserved, and persevered in,these Euro-
pean Powers, more especially the two great mari- '
time Powers of Europe, are interfering, and yet !
interfere, in matters purely of American and do- i
meslic policy; and they have done it in both seas, ;
as well in the Pacific as m the Atlantic. Having j
been kindly informed by the honorable Senator
from Michigan as to what would be the general
scope of his remarks, I have taken some pains to
collect information on this subject, and to bring it
together for the information of the Senate, as far
as they may consider it of value, and more es-
pecially for The information of the American peo-
ple. 1 wish to point out to them those clouds that
have arisen m the horizon, and are increasing
everyday. { must be permuted,however, before
going into it, to say that I remarked, a? doubtless
the country did, with very great pleasure, that the
present Executive, the President of the United
States, in his annual message at this session,
exhibited what he con&ideied to be the chart of
American policy on the subject of foreign inter-
ference. In that message he says:
" The wise theory of this* Government, so early adopted
and steadily punned, ot avoiding all entangling .illiances,
has hitherto exempted it from many complications, m vviiu h
it would otherwise have become involved. Notwithstand-
ing tins, our clearly-defined and well-sustained eouispof
action, and our geographical position so remote from Eu-
rope, increasing deposition has been manifested by some
of its Governments ti supervise, and, in certain respects,
to direct, our foreign policy, fn plaits for adjusting the bal
aneo of power among themselves, they have assumed to
take us into account, and would constrain us to conform
our conduct to their views. One or.another of the Powers
of Em ope has. Irom tune to time/undeiuUen to enforce
arbitrary regulations, contrary m many respects to estab-
lished principles of international law. That law the United
States have, m their foreign intercomse, uniformly respected ,
and observed, and they cannot recognize any such interpo j
Iations therein an the temporary interests of others may I
suggest. They do not admit that the sovereigns of one con- j
tinent, or of a paiucularcommumty of States,can legislate j
for ail others. !
" Leaving the trans Atlantic nation* to adjust their polit j
ical system in the way they may think be&t tor their com- |
in on welfare, th • independent Powers of this continent may
well as&ert the right to he exempt fiom all annoying inter-
ference on their part Systematic abstmencefroiii intimate i
political connection with distant foreign nations, does not
conflict with giving the widest range to our fomgn com-
merce. Tins distinction, bo clearly marked in histo.v, i
seems to have been overlooked, or disregriidod, bv some t
leading foieign State". Our refusal to be brought within, j
and subjected to, their peculiar system, ha-, I tear, created i
a jealous distrust of oui conduct, and indu> ed, on their ,
part, occasional acts of disturbing effect upon our foreign ;
relations. Our present atntude and p'ist course gives ;
assurances, which should not b>> questional that our pur- ,
poses are not a-jgtessive, noi threatening to the safety and
weltare of other nations. Our military establishment, in (
time of pcac<, is adapted to maintain c.venor defciw*, ]
and to preserve order among the aboriginal tribes within
the limits of the Union. Our naval force is intended only ,
for the protection of our citizens abioad, and of our com- j
merce, diffused, in^.. over all the seas of the globe. The ]
Government of the United !-itate>, being essentially pacific
in policy, stands prepared to repel invasion bythe votun-
taiy set vice of a patriotic people, and provides no pi-i ma
neat means of foreign aggresMOn. These considerations
should allay all apprehension that we are dispo-«d to i
en< roach on the rights, or endanger the security, of other i
States |
" Some European Power® have regarded, with disquiet- !
ing concern, the territorial expansion of the United States, j
Tin - utpid giuvvth has resulted from the legitimate exercise j
of sovereign rights, belonging alike to all nations, and by >
m -ny Iiberallv exercised. Under such circumstances it !
could hardly have been expected that those among them i
winch have, within acomparatively recent period, subdued j
and absot bed ancient kingdoms, planted their standards on t
every continent, and now possess, or claim the control of, ]
the islands of every ocean as their appropriate domain, j
would look with unfriendly sentiments upon the aequisi i
tions of this country, in every instance honoiahlv obtained, 1
or would feel themselves justified m imputing our advance-
ment to a spirit of aggression or to a passion for political
predominance."
The first instance to which I shall advert is one
of which 1 was not aware until I went to the De-
partment of State to obtain information; and here
I will say that having access to the information
contained in the Department, upon my own respon-
sibility, certainly with the knowledge of the head
of the Department, I caused such extracts to be
made from the foreign correspondence as I con-
sidered would enlighten the country on this sub-
ject; and here is one of them , and a very striking
one. Mr. Savage, an American citizen who has
been for many years residing in .Guatemala, a
private gentleman, but who, in the absence of a
diplomatic functionary, has been in correspond-
ence with the Department of State, has furnished
them much valuable information, and his informa-
tion is regarded as correct apd reliable. In a let-
ter to th* State Department, dated the 26th of
March, 1853, he gives this information:
" Herewith T send inclosed a copy of a treatv urmuthor-
rizedly signed in Brussels, on Ihel4th April, I8f>2, by Mr.
L. Veydt, consul general of Guatemala, residing in Brus-
sels, and the Commissioners of the Helgian Company of
Colonization of St. Thomas." * * * * "But this
Government has, notwithstanding, declared the cunhact
forfeited, and now refuses to ratify the treaty
<( Great efforts are, however, being made to place the
colony o! St Thomas. winch is in the vicinity of Belize,
British Honduras, tmdei more povertul influences ; and F
am informed, from a reliable quarter, thai the British con-
sul has, by directions of lit* Government, interposed the
influence of hi« otlice to obum the latificatton of this
treatv, and several notes have been inteieban ed between
the Minister of State and the Bniish consulate, on ihis
subject."
It would thus appear that the consul of Guate-
mala, at Brussels, had, without authority, under-
taken to commit hts Govrrnroent in reference to
some proposed Belff-an colony to be planted at
Santo Thomas, in Guatemala. Santo Thomas is
the most important, if not the only important,
port of Guatemala, in the bay of Honduras The,
Government of Guatemalans it had an undoubted
right to do, repudiated the act of its consul, and
refused to acknowledge the rights under thiscnlo
nial grant The British consul interposed, ns ih
alleged here, to use the influence of his office to
obtain the ratification of that grant bythe Gov-
ernment of Guatemala. This is not nil. The
communication which I have read was made m
March, 1853. and on 'he first of April following:
Mr. Savage sent a dispatch to the Secretaiy of
State, recurring to that, subject, in whico he
says:
'■ I have now the honor to submit for vonr perusal copy of
a note from fie original. addicted to the Minister oi the
Interior, by the British Consul General, in which he em-
phatically i^-ests that his instruction* were most positive,
not only to suppot t, but even to slate that Her Majcsiv's
Government might spc itself compelled to nif-M upon the
ratification of the convention of the 14th of April, 18.")2,
founded, as it was, upon the memorandum of the 29th o
November, 1851, which, he thinks, iy a tutTicient proof of
the importance attached to thai document.
u Now, a*; the ratification of this treaty would imply aright
to the permanent e^tabh-hment of an European colony, by
which means also, it would be brought under more power-
ful influences than the Belgian Government could exert in
its tavor, and as it would be in direct opposition to the
principles advanced by .Mr Monroe, whn h it is the duty of
every Ameiican to .sustain, I have judged proper to bring it
under your immediate notice."
The British Government, acknowledging them-
selves under treaty stipulations not themselves
anywhere to colonize m Central America, but
seeking to avail themselves rf an aliened butrepu-
diated grant made to a Belgian colony, interposed
with the Central American Government of Guate-
mala, and declared that her Britannic Majesty
might consider it incumbent on her to insist on
the execution of that convention and the confirma-
tion of the grant. That is one incident.
Sir, we have heard, through newspapers, and
occasionally by the publication of some official
paper which finds its way to the press, of the
open, avowed, continued, and, at last, successful
intervention Loth of the French and English au-
thorities m the Sandwich Islands to frustrate
negotiations on the part of this Government with
the authorities of those islands. Whether it ever
will be the policy of the American people or the
American Government to annex the Sandwich
Islands to this Confederacy I know not. For
one, as far as I am at present advised, I should
deprecate such an annexation. Our Government
is not intended for colonization. It cannot col-
onize. Our Government has no power to hold
distant and dependent provinces; and such an at-
! tempt would have the most corrupting ar.d debas-
j ing tendency. But if the day has c.ome, or shall
j come, when the necessities of this Government
I require that the United States should, with the
assent of the sovereignty at the Sandwich Islands,
make those islands a part of this Confederacy, I
apprehend that all the Powers on earth cannot
and shall not prevent it.
Sir, notwithstanding the disclaimer as it is said
on the part of Lord Clarendon, I am not aware
whether such disclaimers have come from theGov-
ernment with which England is in alliance. The
fact is notorious, that there is a consistentand con-
tinued intervention on the part of those two Pow-
ers, sometimes jointly and sometimes separately,
to prevent that annexation; and there are some
remarkable papers connected with that subje6t,
which have been transmitted to this Government,
which I desire to bring to the attention of the
country. The first is in the shape of a joint pro-
test, filed by the consuls of England and France,
with the Government of the late King of the Sand-
wich Islands, in which this language is held:
u Under these circumstances we consider it our duty to
i emit d you that Great Britain and France have enteied into
solemn treaties with the Sandwich bland*, by which trea-
ties your Majesty, your heirs and successors are bound to
< .vteud at all timet- to French and Bulish subject* the same
advantage's and privileges as may he granted to subjects or
citizens oi the most favored nation; and that the joint decla-
ration of England and France of the^athot November, 1843,
was founded upon the clear understanding that your Majesty
was to pieserve your kingdom as an independent State.
" Therefore we declare, in the name of our Governments,
that any attempt to annex the Sandwich Island** to any
toreuzn Power whatever, would be in contravention to exist-
ing treaties, and < onld not be looked upon with indifference
by either the British or French Government*."
Then these two gentlemen, the consular repre-
sentatives of these two Powers, undertake to lec-
ture King Kamehameha upon what they consid-
ered hisiegdl dutv tu his subjects, and to *rive tuem
what they consider the true interpretation of their
own domestic i.iws, both of which they supposed
would preclude the idea of annexation, thus taking
them as it we re under ^he tutelage of the fwo Pow-
ers. That paper was written in September, 1853.
In March, 1854, he Government here was advised
in a dispatch, hom which i have caused an extract
t.> be taken, from our Commissioner to the Sand-
wich Islands, Mr. Gregg, to the Secretary of State:
<• I learn that Messrs. Miller & Perrtn have received dis-
patches irom their Government approving the course pur-
sued by them, in prote .tis.g againsi * annexation 5 on the
1st of September last, and that i< piesentaiions had been
addressed to the Government of the United Plates, on the
subject, by Great Bnlain and France The fact merely was
mentioned to him, and he was unable to gather anything
like full particular, either as to the terms of the approval,
or the character of the representations to our Government."
And I am informed that from England at least
a formal protest was made against any such an-
nexation. But, sir, this is not all. I shall have
occasion, painfully, to show to the Senate that,
whether with or without authority, the accredited
representatives of both these Powers at the Sand-
wich Islands, and at the Island of San Domingo,
have endeavored to alarm and intimidate the people
there, and their Govern merits, by producing the
impression that if they do cultivate relations of
amity with us, our aggressive policy will event-
ually encroach on them, and make them slaves.
That language has been held both at the Sandwich
Islands, and at San Domingo, by the represent-
atives of these courts, and never disclaimed, so
far as I know. In a dispatch from Mr. Gregg,
of the 6th of June, 1854, he says:
"The British consul general is as busily as over engaged
alius old com se,oi disparaging the institutions of die United
States, and trying to excite prejudices against them in the
minds of the native Islanders.''' * * * * *
" Yesterday he sought out Koeni Ana, the Premier, and
placed in his hands, with many injunctions of stct ecy and
caution, a manu^enpt in Hawaiian, requesting him to read
it to the King, and return it as soon as possible. If pur-
ported to b" an argument against annexation to lhe United
States, and set out with the statement that the first effect
of such a measure would be to make slaves o( the natives I
It then denounced oui Government as corrupt in its ten-
dencies, grasping m its policy, and unscrupulous m its
action."
Again, sir, so late as October 2, 1854, in a
dispatch of that date from our Commissioner at
the Sandwich Islands, there was communicated to
this Government a paper, which I think I saw in
print—I am pretty sure that I saw the substance
of it in print, purporting to have been a speech
delivered by the British consul to ihe King of the
Sandwich Islands, to intimidate and deter him
from the annexation which they supposed then
to be imminent. The commissioner says:
" An r.rrangcraent was made to receive Inm [General
Miller, British Consul General] on the Itth, when he made
an extemporaneous speech of an hour and a quarter, against
