THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1855.
New Series....No. 53.
jecture while they are undisclosed, the two great
maritime Powers of Europe consider themselves
entitled of right to interfere here upon our coasts
and on our borders with matters purely of Amer-
ican policy? Why, sir, all the countries of Eu-
rope now, with the exception of England, are
under the absolute sway of despotism. The rulers
look upon their countries as their domain—their
private property. They look upon their people
also as property belonging to them, with a right
io govern and control them at pleasure, to parcel
■hem out and divide and subdivide them, to add a
ittle here and take off a little there, in order, as
-hey express it, to maintain an equilibrium in the
aalance of power. What is the present war about ?
in relation to it I shall express no opinion what-
sver, for I am entitled to none; but, as a mere
observer, let me ask what is the present war
about? The western European Powers declare
that it is to prevent the aggrandizement of Russia
at the expense of Turkey. For what purpose
was the intervention of Russia in the conflict
between Hungary and Austria, but to prevent a
disturbance of the balance of power, and more
especially a disturbance of the great principle of
the divine right to govern men ? So, it is a matter
of European policy. They assume and exercise
the right, by curbing here and retrenching there,
to take care that one Government does not grow
too strong for another. And here, if we are capa-
ble of reading the signs of the times—disavowed,
not admitted, disclaimed inofficially—we find that
for some undisclosed purpose, they are at their
work on this continent; and they have done it
effectually, seriously to the detriment of t^e mari-
time interests of this country, in the case of St.
Domingo and Ecuador, if not at the Sandwich
Islands. We cannot shut our eyes to the fact that
they have such a policy. la it to be submitted to ?
I should not have gone into this discussion, I
can assure the Senate, but that the occasion seemed
proper on my part, from the ground which was
occupied by the honorable Senator from Michigan.
At last, sir, this question is but abstract with us.
Congress cannot act in matters connected with our
foreign relations, unless at the recommendation
of the Executive. But, sir, I have no doubt—
knowing as I do, and confiding, as I fully confide
in, the exceedingly able hands to which, as an
Executive officer of the Government, the foreign
policy of the country is committed—that measures,
if not now in progress, will be speedily taken to
bring this matter of European interference in ques-
tions purely of American and domestic interest to
an issue, that we may know the meaning of it,
how far it goes, and to what it tends. When that
issue is presented to the American people, if I am
capable of understanding the hearts of my coun-
trymen, there will be but one voice.
Sir, I am not aware of an instance in which this
Government ever attempted to interfere in any-
thing on the other side of the Atlantic. We have
seen the Governments there interfering with each
other, and parcelling themselves out at pleasure.
We have seen France taking possession of part
of the African coast at Algeria; but we never ex-
pressed an opinion about it, far less attempt an
interference. We have seen England recently
obtaining complete mastery of the overland route
to India by seizing Aden at the mouth of the Red
Sea. We never interfered—never expressed an
opinion. We know they are in possession here,
claiming to be the rightful owners of every Island
both in the Caribbean Sea, and in the Atlantic,
upon our own coast. We have never questioned
their right of property—never attempted to inter-
fere with them; our policy has been one purely
domestic. I say again that when this matter is
brought to an issue, and those Governments are
made to avow or disavow their real intentions
and objects in this persistent interference, let the
Executive recommend what may be considered
necessary to put an end to it, and the Executive
will be sustained with unanimity by the whole
American people.
Several Senators, among them Mr. Clayton,
addressed the Chair, but the floor was awarded to
53
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, who said: I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
special order of the day, which was assigned for
one o'clock—the railroad iron bill.
Mr. BADGER. I hope the opportunity will
be afforded by the Senate to the Senator from Del-
aware to say a word on this subject. ["Cer-
tainly."] I hope so.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think my mo-
tion is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Brown in
the chair.) The Chair understands that the sub-
ject which has been discussed embraces no ques-
tion before the Senate; and therefore, of course,
the discussion cannot go on without the consent of
the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. I move that the Senator from
Delaware be allowed to address the Senate on the
question which has just been discussed.
Mr. DAWSON. He certainly should be al-
lowed to make a personal explanation.
Mr. CASS. There is peculiar reason why the
honorable Senator from Delaware should be heard
on this subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Tennessee insist on his motion ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
am as little liable to a charge of a want of courtesy
as any man in the Senate. J have never been
wanting in courtesy to any member of this body;
but I submit to the Senate if the forty remaining
hours of the legislative session are to be thrown
away here on mere abstractions, while the interests
of our constituents are being sacrificed every hour ?
Are we to give ourselves up to the discussion of
abstract questions when only forty hours of action
remain, according to the ordinary rules of legisla-
tion ? , '
A Senator. Forty hours!
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There are but ten
days of the sessjon remaining, and I compute four
hours of session to each day. If any practical
results were to grow out of this discussion, if
there was any question before the Senate, I should
yield without a single murmur. If the honorable
Senator from Delaware were assailed I should
yield to him with pleasure; but I am not aware
that he is. He needs no vindication. His vindi-
cation is before the country, and was made in this
body two years ago, and this is the old question
brought up here again. Are the interests of our
constituents to be sacrificed that we may hear
long speeches about mere abstractions' I protest
against it; and, for one, I will not yield the ground
I have taken.
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to say a word on the
subject that has been discussed by the honorable
Senator from Michigan, and the honorable Sena-
tor from Virginia. We have had from them
grave and thoroughly-reftected-upon speeches on
a vastly important question—-a question that did
not originate with the Senate, but with those
speakers themselves. My only object in rising
now is to ascertain from them whether they are
speaking for the Administration, or whether the
views which they have presented are their indi-
vidual views? The particular relation which the
last speaker [Mr. Mason] occupies towards the
Administration, as chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations of this body, will impress the
country with the idea that he has been stating the
views of the Administration; and the importance
of those speeches, and the importance of the sub-
ject involved in them, will strike the public mind
at once. It would be improper and unjust to the
people at large that this subject shouid be per-
mitted to pass off, even for a day, without the
nation comprehending the object and meaning of
this discussion. If it be merely an introductory
process to a communication which we are to
receive from the President on these great ques-
tions, let it be so announced, and let us be pre-
pared to anticipate the character of that commu-
nication.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call my friend
from Georgia to order. I do not think he is de-
bating the question before the Senate.
Mr. DAWSON. I am debating the question;
l am showing the reason why I shall voteagainst
the proposition of my friend from Tennessee, to
call up the order of the day. I am anxious for
the passage of the bill which I know he desires to
have taken up, but I am equally anxious that the
public mind should be instructed upon this ques-
tion. \
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What question ?
Mr. DAWSON. The question which has just
been discussed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What question is
it ?
Mr. DAWSON. That question, I say, is made
important from the character of the gentlemen who
have discussed it. They are two cff the most dis-
tinguished Senators in the body, who are inti-
mately connected with the Administration. Until
I inquired into the matter, (for I did not at the
moment attend to how the discussion commenced,)
I thought that some communication had been pre-
sented here which led to the presentation of the
views which have been laid before us to-day. I
only rose in order to ascertain whether the views
of my friend from Virginia, the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, emanate from
the Executive Department, and whether he really
anticipates a communication on this subject before
we adjourn. I f so, 1 shall wait with great patience
for that communication, and will investigate jt.
None of us could know what was to be the char-
acter of the discussion to-day. None of us were
prepared to inquire into the testimony which has
been presented. All the testimony which has been
laid before us seems to have come from the Depart-
ment of State, but has not been published, and ia
not known to Senators generally. I am struck
with the character of the discussion.
Mr. CLAY. I call the Senator from Georgia
to order. We have too much important business
before us to permit him or any other gentleman to
proceed with such explanations unless there be
some question before the body which makes it
proper. There is no such question before the
Senate at this time. I ask, then, if the Senator is
in order' I hope we may proceed with the con-
sideration of the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope my friend from Geor-
gia will proceed. If this discussion originated by
the courtesy of the Senate allowing the Senator
from Michigan to address the body on his mere
motion, I think it ought not to pass off without
other gentlemen having a like opportunity.
Mr. CLAY. A motion has been made that
we proceed to the unfinished business of yester-
day.
The PRESIDENT. There is really no ques-
tion before the Senate. The Senator from Mich-
igan opened the debate by unanimous consent.
Mr. BADGER. I move that'the Senator from
Delaware be permitted to proceed.
Mr. WELLER. That, I apprehend, can only
be done by unanimous consent, as another motion
is now pending.
Mr. CLAYTON. I never trespassed on the
Senate in my life, and I will not speak now when
objection is made to hearing me. I am not fond
of speaking. I had purposed, however, to address
the Senate on the subject which has been started
and discussed to-day by the Senator from Michi-
gan and the Senator from Virginia; but, sir, as
objection has been made, I will retire entirely from
the field.
Mr. BUTLER. Do I understand the Senator
from Delaware to say that he declines of his own
accord, or is it because he thinks there is an inti-
mation that the Senate do not wish to hear him
Mr. CLAYTON. I decline because there is
objection. , ,
Mr. BUTLER. Well, sir, after what has
occurred, and after the intimation of the Senator
from Delaware that he wishes to speak, I think it
would be injustice to him to refuse to allo w him
to be heard. He probably has information on
the subject which it would be proper to lay before
the Senate. I do not know that I ought to use the
term "subject," because I believe all the Euro-
