834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20>
pean wars, and our entire foreign relations, have
been reviewed in the course of this discussion.
But standing in the relation which the Senator
from Delaware does to the history of this country,
having once been Secretary of State, he may
think that it is necessary that he should vindicate
his own course. I say he certainly ought to go on.
Mr. CLAYTON. 1 decline entirely under the
circumstances. If the gentleman from Tennessee
wishes to press his bill, let the Senate go on with
it.
The'PRESIDENT. Debate is out of order.
If any Senator submits a motion the Chair will
entertain it.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senate will indulge
me for a moment, as I have been asked by the
honorable Senator from Georgia to give an answer
to his question.
Mr. DAWSON. All that I asked was that the
Senator should let the country know whether
there was anything before us at this time except
merely individual representation of facts.
Mr. MASON. I am sorry that the discussion
which took place under the example of my hon-
orable friend from Michigan, whose example I
am always proud to follow, has not met the ap-
probation of the gentleman from Tennessee, who
says it is a matter of mere abstraction; but it did
occur to me that the facts which have been brought
before the notice of the Senate would be of some
interest to the American people, and, therefore,
I thought it my duty to present them to the Sen-
ate. As to the inquiry from the honorable gen-
tleman from Georgia I can only say that I cer-
tainly speak by no other authority than that of
my commission to hold this seat.
Mr. DAWSON. That is all 1 wanted to know.
Mr. TOUCEY. I beg leave to appeal to the
gentlemen who have interposed objection to with-
draw it, and permit the Senator from Delaware to
proceed. I think it is very much out of ihe usual
course of proceedings in this body to inteipose
an objection to such a thing.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would withdraw
my objection with a great deal of pleasure, if I
thought the Senator from Delaware needed any
vindication; but he has not been atLiokecl, Neither
of the Senators alluded to him, as I understand,
in any way or shape. That he could enlighten
the Senate, we all know; but, sir, there are vau-
ous channels of communicating that intelligence to
the country, of which that Senator can avail him-
self, and 1 know he does not desire to consume
the few remaining hours which we have left. If
this were a matter personal in its character to him
or to any other Senator, I should yield with a
great deal of pleasure, as all heie know. Gut I
repeat, the Senator needs no vindication. His
history is a vindication, flis whole public service
is a vindication. As the honorable Senator from
Virginia himself said, in his concluding remarks,
this subject is a mere abstraction. In saying so,
I only avail myself of his own words.
Mr. BADGER.. I must call the Senator from
Tennessee to order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee? I acknowledge I
am out of order, and 1 yield.
Mr. BADGER. I ask whether there is any
question before the Senate now ? Is not the un-
finished business of yesterday under consideration?
If so, I move to postpone its further consideration
until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT. There is nothing before
the Senate to postpone.
Mr. BADGER. The unfinished business of
yesterday being the first order of the day, was
called for, and, I suppose, is immediately before
the Senate when called for.
The PRESIDENT. That is the fact. The
bill granting to railroad companies three years in
which to pay the duties on iron imported for rail-
road purposes, is now before the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BADGER. I move to postpone its further
consideration until to-morrow.
Mr. CASS. Allow me to say one word before
any question is taken.
Mr. BADGER. I cannot. If order is to be
enforced on others, I must insist on enforcing it
myself. I move to postpone.
Mr. CASS. I merely desire to explain to the
Senator from North Carolina, ia one word 
Mr. BADGER. If the Senator desires to say
one word, I have nothing to say.
Mr. CLAYTON. I hope, if the Senate desire
to go on with the public business, they will not
postpone it on my account, but will proceed \vith
it.
Mr. BADGER. We want to postpone this
hill on general principles—on our own account.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Chair under-
stand the Senator from North Carolina as moving
to postpone until to-morrow the further consider-
ation of the bill granting to railroad companies
three years in which to pay the duties on iron
imported for railroad purposes ?
Mr. BADGER. Yes, sir; I move to postpone
it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. MASON. Understanding the object to be
to enable the Senator from Delaware to address
the Senate, I shall vote for the postponement.
Mr. WELLER. I apprehend that if the bill is
postponed until to-morrow, no Senator can address
the Senate when there is no question pending,
except by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT. The first question is on
the postponement. Then the question will arise
whether it will be in order for the Senator to
speak.
Mr. WELLER. I am stating, as I have a
right to do, what will be the effect of the post-
ponement. It will still be in the power of a single
Senator to prevent the discussion of an abstract
question.
The PRESIDENT. After the postponement,
if the Senator from Delaware claims the floor, and
any Senator objccis, the Chair will submit the
question to the Senate whether he shall have leave
to proceed.
Air. MALLORY. I wish to state, in a few
words, the reason why I shall vote for postponing
the bill until to-morrow. The honorable Senator
from Michigan, on a former occasion, took the
opportunity to place a construction, as he informed
the Senate, upon the language of Lord Clarenuon.
Lord Clarendon has denied that construction, and
to-day v/e have had a reiteration of it. The ques-
tion discussed by the Senator from Michigan was
not confined to that, but has led the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations to discuss
the general state of our foreign relations. Neither
of those gentlemen has, in my judgment, touched
the question in which I he hearts of the American
people at this moment are more particularly inter-
ested—our foreign relations as regards the Island
of Cuba; and although I am in favor of this rail-
road iron duties bill, I shall vote to postpone it
until to-morrow, in the hope that in the general
discussion which may spring up, we shall get at
that question and discuss it generally.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Mchsr^. Adams, Alien, IJartgcr, liayard, Benja-
min, Iir.iiiieid, Butter, Chaso, Cooper, Dawson, Evans,
Fessenden, Foot, Gillette, Janieb, Mutlory, Mason, Mor-
ton, Poarco, lVttit, Pratf, Itns-k, Seward, Stidell, Stuart,
Simmer, Thompson or Ken I nek v, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toueey, W.ide, Welti, and Wi!son--32.
NAYS—M' ,>:rs. lioll, Olny, Don^la^, Gwin, Hamlin,
Hunter, .torn--; ol Iowa, Jones of Tennesbee, Walker, and
Weilcr—10.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I now move that the Senator
from Delaware have leave to proceed with the dis-
cussion.
Several Senators. There is no objection to it
now.
Mr. CLAYTON. 1 did not expect this course
of discussion to-uay. I had no idea, when the
honorable Senator from Michigan commenced
his address to the Senate, of saying anything
upon the subject. But, sir, the remarks which
the honorable Senators have made seem to impose
upon me the necessity of adding a few observa-
tions to theirs. I do not rise for the purpose of
opposing their views generally, but rather to pre-
vent the consequences of a misconception of some
of the facts they have stated. As i do not speak
at all from preparation, I take as first in order the
sul ject which seems to me to be most important.
I refer to what has been said in regard to the Sand-
wich Islands.
The honorable Senator from Virginia has read
extracts, taken from papers on fiie in the Scate
Department, to show that the Governments of
Great Britain and Prance have interposed to defeat
$ treaty of annexation of those islands to the
United States. I do not doubt, sir, that both Great
Britain and France have, in consequence of some
past transactions with us, earnestly and anxiously
interposed against our acquisition of those islands
as a part of the United States. Let us go back
to the year 1842. During the administration of
President Tyler, wheri Mr. Upshur was Secretary
of State, Lord George Paulet, in command of a
British man of war, actually seized those islands,
claiming them as a part of the British Empire.
The intelligence of this event, when received in
the United States, excited great indignation, and
our people, as well as our Government, did not hes-
itate to express that indignation. The result of
all the expostulations against this aggression was,
that the British Government disavowed the act
of Lord George Paulet, restored the Sandwich
Islands to the condition in which they stood be-
fore that act of rapacity, assured this Government
that they did not intend in future to take posses-
sion of them, and quieted all our apprehensions on
this subject. In the correspondence between Mr.
Upshur and the then British Minister, Mr. Fox,
which was published in the papers of that day,
you will find that, while on the part of both
France ar.d England, assurances were given that
the independence of the Sandwich Islands should
be maintained, we assured the British Minister
that the Government of the United States never
intended to take or claim, for its citizens, any
rights, benefits, or advantages in those islands
which should not be conceded equally to the sub-
jects or citizens of other countries. The Govern-
ments of France and England did not hesitate to
recognize the independence of the Sandwich
Islands, and the President of the United States, in
a message to Congress, after those events, desired
that their independence might be also acknowl-
edged by Congress.
The understanding between the Governments of
France, England, and the United States, in the
diplomatic notes which passed at the time, was
that those islands should remain neutral territory,
and that neither one of the three great Powers
should annex or disturb it, or attempt to interfere
with it, but that each should have the privilege of
trading on the same terms in its ports. The day
will never come when we shall consent that any
foreign nation shall take possession of those
islands, so as to jeopard the great maritime inter-
ests of the United States in the Pacific ocean.
President Taylor distinctly declared, in his annual
message of December, 1849, that the United States
could not tolerate the annexation of these islands
to any European Power. That, I hold, is now,
and ever will remain, the settled policy of this
Government.
In pursuance of the understanding between their
Governments and the United States, France and
England having acknowledged the independence
of the Sandwich islands, as 1 have stated, we, too,
at last, made a treaty with them, acknowledging
their independence. We made a treaty of coirw
merce and navigation with them, embracing a
postal treaty, and a treaty of extradition. Now,
is it to be wondered at that the Governments of
France and England, finding us, after all this,
treating for the annexation of the islands, and
recollecting the pledges given by Mr. Upshur in
one of his dispatches, should have felt some little
portion of that same indignation which we felt in
1842, when we heard of the act of aggression of
Lord George Paulet?
Air. WELLER. I hope the Senator from
Delaware will allow me to ask him a question on
this point, and I desire to ask it for information,
because I have a sort of indistinct recollection that
a state of facts did exist similar to those to which
I am about to allude. Was there not a conven-
tion framed between France and England, in which
it was stipulated that neither party should ever
attempt to exercise exclusive control over these
islands ? And was there not a vigorous effort
made by the Government of England to set the
United States to form a party m that convention?
And did not the Government of the United States
steadily refuse to become a party to it?
^ Mr. CLAYTON. There was some conversa-
tion between the ministers of the three nations at
the time, and I tnink a diplomatic correspondence,
top, in wmch t ie question was agitated wherher a
tripartite treaiy between the three Governments
should be made; but instead of entering mu> a
tripartite convention, we gave Great Britain the
