1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885
assurances I have mentioned, and the diplomatic
note of Mr. Upshur. I can show this note to the
Senator from California whenever he wishes to see
it—a note which, in my judgment, pledges the
faith and honor of this Government, so far as the
President couid pledge it, not to annex or take
possession of those islands. The honorable Sen-
ator will put his own construction on the letter.
Now, sir, in the cause of my country, when 1
think it is trampled upon or injured, I shall prob-
ably be as prompt to quarrel as any man here; but
I want no unjust quarrels. I desire the nation to
avoid all unjust warfare. I am opposed to the
annexation of the Sandwich Islands to the terri-
tory of the United States. Whatever advantages
might be conferred by the annexation upon the
commerce of the country would be counterbal-
anced and overbalanced a thousand-fold by the
injury inflicted upon the honor and faith of the
country.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question? I am as much
opposed as he can be to the annexation of the
Sandwich Islands as a measure of public policy;
but do I understand the honorable Senator to lay
down the proposition, that the Secretary of State
can, by his diplomatic correspondence, pledge the
faith of this Government in relation to its public
policy for all time to come?
Mr. CLAYTON. I say that the Secretary of
State is the organ of the President of the United
States, and the President is the Executive of the
nation, intrusted with its foreign relations, and that,
if he enters into an arrangement, by diplomatic
notes through the Secretary of State with a for-
eign Government, and the other branches of the
Government of the country do not repudiate that
arrangement, but stand contented with it, and
receive all the benefits of it from the opposite
party, foreign Governments have a right to repose
confidence in the assurances sg given by the Pres-
ident of the United States. The honorable Senator
will observe that this note of Mr. Upsher is not
merely the language of the Secretary of State.
The Secretary writes under the order of the Pres-
ident, and the President of the United States can
commit the honor of this Government so far in
relation to a question of this description, that, for
the violatien of an arrangement or understanding
between him and foreign nations, remaining for
years undisturbed, and never repudiated by any
other branch of our Government, the honor of
the United States oould not escape unstained.
Mr. WELLER. I wish to ask the Senator
whether he does not consider that it was lepudi-
ated by the subsequent refusal of the Government
of the United States to become a party to any such
agreement?
Mr. CLAYTON. No, sir. The note was never
repudiated or disapproved by this Government.
Mr. MASON. I think it would be better if the
note were produced.
Mr. CLAYTON. Sir, on my motion the Sen-
ate, a year ago, made a call for that note. No
answer was ever returned to the Senate in public
session. The response to the call was communi-
cated to the Senate by the President m secret ses-
sion, and there it has slept ever since.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 must be allowed to ask
by what authority the Senator speaks of that note,
if it has never been communicated to the public?
Mr. CLAYTON. I stated that it was published
in the papers at the time of the correspondence;
and I speak from my own recollection of it; about
the accuracy of which there is no mistake.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then it can be produced.
Mr. CLAYTON. Certainly, wneneyer you
really wish it laid before thecountry. If this debate
should be protracted, and any Senator should
desire it to be produced, that desire may be
promptly gratified by the publication of the corre-
spondence in the possession of the Senate.
I desire to say but little at this time upon the
propriety and expediency of annexing islands in
the middle of the Pacific ocean (or, at least, two
thousand miles west of the western extremity of
the territories of the United States) to the United
States of .America. Let the people determine the
propriety of making those idands a part of the
United States of America when they are at least
two thousand miles from Jlmcrica. I say nothing
now about the constitutional right to annex such
islands, but leave every Senator here to form his
own opinion in regard to those subjects.
I come to another point which has been touched
by the honorable Senator from Virginia, with his
accustomed ability. I refer to the controversy
that exists between this Government and Great
Britain in refeience to Central America. Like
the Senator from Michigan, I looked with much
interest to the declaration of Louis Napoleon, at
the time he made it, to the French Chambers, in
which he spoke of an aWance and connection, or
union of views and intentions, between Great Brit-
am and France animating them both in every
corner of the globe. I reflected that, at the very
time he made the declaration, a discussion was
going on between the American Minister in Lon-
don and Lord Clarendon, the British Secretary for
Foreign Affairs, in reference to that very matter of
Central America. I thought I understood what
the points of difference between the two ministers
were, and I therefore felt some degree of anxiety—
I will not say alarm—when I saw the declaration
that the two great nations of France and England
were about to act in connection, animated by the
same views and the same intentions, m leference
to everything: that was controverted in this hemi-
sphere as well as in the other. In addition to what
has been said on that subject by others, let me
add that there was in the language of Loid Clar-
endon, in that dispatch which was read and com-
municated by Mr. Crampton to Mr. Marcy two
years ago, which was the topic of discussion here
on a former occasion, much that was exceptionable
in the highest degree.
It was a declaration seemingly intended as a
kind of curtain lecture to the President of the
United States immediately upon his coming into
office, which could be interpreted into nothing but
a threat in the event that one of these Central
American Republics, with which it was under-
stood we were, if not in alliance, yet certainly on
terms of the strictest amity, should attempt to
interfere with the rights ofthat Indian King whom '
Great Britain had undertaken to protect, and de-
clared to be the monarch over the country, it
would do it at its peril. This was said to us sir,
not to Nicaragua. It was written to the Minister
here, to be read to the Secretary here, and to the
President here. It was a word in the ear of the
American Executive upon coming into office, and
communicated as it was shoitly after his inaugu-
ration, it struck me as a response to that part of
his inaugural address which contained an enunci-
ation of the Monroe doctrine, to which the honor-
able Senators have referred. It looked very much
like snapping their fingers in his face, and telling
him {< that for your Monroe doctrine." I confcss
it excited some resentmentin me at the time I read
it, and I expressed it aftervvaids on the floor of
the Senate.
But, sir, theie is one feature in the correspond-
ence between the British and American Govern-
ments in relation to the British claim of a protecto-
rate m Central America which is very remarkable,
and that is the utter inconsistency that exists in the
notes of different ministers of Great Britain upon
the same topic. Let any man take the letter of
Lord John Russell while acting as Secretary for
Foreign Aflairs in the month of January or Febru-
ary, before President Pierce was sworn into office—
a letter written to Mr. Everett, and subsequently
published. He will theie find that Great Britain
was then perfectly satisfied with the American con-
struction of the treaty of 1850, that Lord John
Russell regarded the British protectorate as a sheer
"fiction," and he calls it such.
But, unfortunately for us, and, as I think, un-
fortunately for Great Britain, Lord John Russell
left the place which he had temporarily occupied,
and Loid Clarendon, who had probably never
given this subject his attention—indeed, 1 think he
confessed afterwards that he never hud—came
into office, and wrote, or signed, that most ex-
traordinary dispatch which was sent here to the
Senate, containing the menace to which I have
referred. Now, take those two dispatches to-
gether, that of Lord John Russell and that of
Lord Clarendon, put them side by side, in parallel
columns, and you could hardly believe, unless you
were assured upon irresistible evidence, that each
of them proceeded from a British Secretary for
Foreign Affairs. They are as contiadictory as
-any letter of our Secretary of State and any let-
ter of their Secretaiy in reference to the same
subject.
Since that letter of Lord Clarendon was written,
what has been done in reference to this contro-
versy? I have no official intimation; but J do njot '
doubt that the distinguished gentleman who rep-
resents this country as Minister to England has
well and ably vindicated the honor and interests
of his country in reference to the treaty; but, I''
have not the correspondence, and I am not au-
thorized to speak of it. The question, as I under-
stand, remains unsettled, and probably, sir, the
difficulties in reference to Central America have
been increased by the attack, referred to by the
honorable Senator from Virginia, on the town of
San Juan de Nicaragua by one of our ships of
war.
Sir, it is a very easy thing, if France and Eng-
land desire to get up a quarrel, and to make war
upon this country, to find occasion for the* pur-
pose. They can find that occasion in Central
America, if they choose. And this leads me to con-
sider the declaration of the honorable Senator from
Virginia in the conclusion of his remarks, that
the issue presented by the facts which he stated
so luminouly must be speedily made up and met.
How fs the issue to be met > By threats, by dip- .
lomatic correspondence, by debates in Congress,
by a declaration of the Monroe doctrine, which
has been treated by foreign Governments as a
mere brutum fulmenfor more than thirty years?
Is this the way we are to meet the issue? Sir,
reflect upon the unprotected state of our own coun-
try. What is the condition of its fortifications?
They are mostly in a state of dilapidation and
decay, and utterly unfitted for defense in case of
war with any great maritime Power. There has
not existed a peiiod ab urbe condita, when we were
less prepared for war than we are at the present
moment; and are we speedily, in the language of
the Senator from Virginia, to make up and meet
the issue he refers to at this time? We are bound
to look at the wretched condition of the defenses
of the country. Who is to blame for their condi-
tion ? Theattention of Congress ought to be called
to that. Who, or what party, I repeat, is to blame
for the neglect of the defenses of this country?
Where is the navy with which you are to meet
the powerful nations of France and Great Britain?
Why is it that you go unarmed when you admit
' that you are daily in danger? Why is it that
you are unprepared, and yet threaten, or, at least,
say that you areready to make up and meet the
issue?
Sir, you cannot go to a single port in the United
States, where a fortification exists, and examine
that fortification without finding that it is defect-
ive and unfit for a state of war. There is scarcely
an efficient gun mounted from the capes of the
Dekware to the city of Philadelphia to defend all
the beautiful and fertile country which lies on that
noble river. I only speak of that as an example.
Why is this? Is there any fortification bill now
before Congress to build up or repair the fortifi-
cations? No, sir. The walls of Fort Delaware,
which was burnt twenty-five years ago, have
scarcely risen three feet above high-water mark.
About §20(1,000 have been appropriated to rebuild
j a woik which will require a million to complete
it. If we are really in peril of a war, it is well
that the people should understand and leflect upon
their unprotected condition. What Navy have
we? Why, sir, it is scarcely superior to that of
little Denmark, with only some two or three mil-
lions of people. Our Army is composed of some
eleven thousand men, for the defense of twenty-
five millions of people and a territory larger than
that of the Roman Empire.
With regard to the Monroe doctrine, which the
honorable Senatorfrom Virginia said no statesman
j of this day would deny, 1 think his declaration on
1 that subject must be taken cumgrano salts. If you
| will look back to the history of that declaration,
| you will find that the American Congress never
| sanctioned it. Congress has invariably refused
! to approve it whenever the question has been
i before it. At the time of the debate on the Pana-
j ma mission in the House of Representatives,
i every Democrat in the House voted against it.
! The party of the Senators from Michigan and
! Virginia came into power originally on the prin-
ciple of opposition to the Monroe doctrine and
the Panama mission. You cannot show a single
instance in which either branch of Congress ever
sanctioned it. It never was anything more than
a recommendation of the President of the United
