836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
States—a recommendation of the President in his
message to Congress, that Congress should make
this declaration, and Congress always refused to
do it.
Mr. MASON. I think the Senator has utterly
misconstrued the matter. Do I umlterstand him
to say that it was a recommendation by President
Monroe to Congress to make the declaration ?
Mr. CLAYTON. I say so.
Mr. MASON. President Monroe, on the con-
trary, distinctly said that he had availed himself
of the negotiations about to be entered into be-
tween Russia on the one part, England on the
other, and this country on the third, in regard to
their possessions on the northwest coast,to insist
upon that doctrine being advanced and admitted
in those discussions.
Mr. CLAYTON. I know that perfectly, and
I know, too, that, in the seventh annual message
of Mr. Monroe to Congress, which I can show
the honorable Senator in a few minutes, he states
the facts, and recommends the declaration to Con-
gress as a measure of policy for the Government;
bat Congress never responded to it. An attempt
was made by Mr. Clay, who was a great friend of
Mr. Monroe's administration, to get some kind
of an indorsement by one or other of the two
Houses of Congress to that declaration, but he
utterly failed. He did not even—bold as he was—
dare to come up to the declaration and ask Con-
gress to indorse it in full; but he drew up a resolu-
tion, which he offered in the House of Represent-
atives, and which partially dodged the question;
and even in that weak and diluted form m which
he presented it, it never could pass the House. It
was afterwards scoffed and sneered at in the Sen-
ate by every Democratic Senator who took part
in the debate on the Panama mission, and it then
found not a single advocate on this floor.
Sir, you may try it to-day, or at any time you
please, in either House of Congress, and you can-
not prevail upon either to sanction the declaration.
I therefore must be permitted to differ from my
honorable friend from Virginia, who asserts, with
so much confidence, that every American states-
man agrees to this declaration. Sir, when Great
Britain, or any other nation, has made a contract
with us, as she did by the treaty of 1850, neither
to colonize, to occupy, fortify, or exercise or as-
sume any dominion over a country, then, if she
•violates that treaty, we have a good and substan-
tial casus belli against her which Congress could
not disregard; but, without a treaty to prevent it,
we have suffered foreign countries to interfere con-
stantly upon this continent, and never have been
able to carry out the Monroe doctrine.
I beg the honorable Senator from Virginia not
to understand me as denying that a possible case
may exist where the Monroe doctrine might be
well applied. I have always thought the principle
it announced has been treated with two great neg-
lect, not to say contempt, by the different branches
of the Government; but, sir, I have been com-
pelled to look to the fact that Congress, over and
over again, refused to indorse it. You can never
prevail on Congress to go to war with a foreign
nation for a violation of a principle laid down in
the Monroe doctrine. You cannot get even a
respectable party in either branch of Congress to
Tote to go to war upon that ground. You must
have something more substantial than that, or you
will never go to war with any foreign country for
interference on this continent.
Sir, the declaration of an American President is
not the declaration of the American Government.
My honorable friend from Virginia would never
contend for that. He is too good a republican,
too strict a constructionist, too sound a jurist to
contend for a single instant that the President of
the United States forms the Government of the
country. No, sir; I agree entirely with the hon-
orable Senator who interrupted me not long since,
that the Secretary of State is not the Government,
nor is the President either.
Mr. President, there were other subjects which
were touched upon by the honorable Senator from
Virginia. There were sentiments expressed by
him with which I heartily concur. I have regret-
ted, and deeply regretted, to see the effort made
by England and France to prevent us from getting
a depot for coal for our commerce in St. Domingo,
and their interference in other places to which he
adverted. My sympathies are all with my own
countrymen in these matters; and in reference to
the controversy which is going on with Central
Ameiica, if it be not speedily adjusted, I trust the
President of the United States will avail himself
of some early occasion to notify the British Gov-
ernment,-that when it has made a treaty with this
country that treaty must be observed and faith -
fully executed; and I would go as far to sustain
the Executive of the country in vindicating the
honor and maintaining the rights of the nation, by
enforcing the observance of treaties, as he who
dare go furthest.
But, sir, while we on our part are jealous to
maintain the honor of the country by insisting
upon the performance of all stipulations contained
in this and other treaties with Great Britain and
other Powers, let us reflect how important it is
that we should not in any way give rise to charges
against ourselves; charges against ourselves for
violating the same treaty; charges against our-
selves for indulging in that lawless species of
aggression called filibusterism, which, I am happy
to perceive, is now sinking rapidly into disgrace.
Sir, I read with great pleasure a letter, published
a few days ago, from Mr. Marcy, the Secretary
of State, to Colonel Kinney. The principles laid
down in that letter meet with my entire approba-
tion. If Colonel Kinney is going with his expe-
dition to Central America for pacific purposes,
with the consent, knowledge, and approbation of
the legal government there, I say God speed him,
and those who go with him; success attend their
efforts to introduce the comforts and blessings of
civilized life into that region; but if Colonel Kin-
ney goes with armed ships and armed men for
the purpose of asserting a title of the Mosquito
King or the Shepherd grant, in opposition to the
laws of Nicaragua or Costa Rica, I would utterly
denounce the expedition, and trust the Secretary
of State will, as he intimated would be the duty of
the Government, arrest that expedition. I cannot
but observe with deep interest the position which
Nicaragua occupies towards my country. I have
had ample opportunity of studying her feelings
towards us. They were kind, generous, and
truly American on every occasion. At the mo-
ment when there was a struggle between the sub-
jects of Great Britain and the citizens of this coun-
try to obtain the right of way through Nicaragua,
then deemed indispensable to us, as it enabled us
to reach our Territories on the Pacific, she did not
stand indifferent, but granted us all that we asked,
and refused to become the ally of Great Britain.
Our countrymen, because they were Americans,
obtained the grant of the right of way there. She
agreed to protect it with us. I am sorry to say,
sir, that by the neglect of this Government after-
wards to confirm the treaty which bound both
Governments to protect whatever works should be
made from the Caribbean sea to the Pacific in that
quarter, Nicaragua was, to a very great degree,
for a time alienated from us. But I trust that
alienation was but temporary.
Let us not now forget that when Great Britain,
at the very moment of our acquisition of Califor-
nia, seized the town of San Juan de Nicaragua,
and dictated her own terms to Nicaragua at the
point of the bayonet, Nicaragua appealed to us,
relied upon us, and wo promised her protection
and support to the extent, at least, that we would
maintain and defend the country against British
aggression. We made the treaty of 3S50, ex-
cluding Great Britain from any further interference
there. I believe, sir, I shall always believe, that
Great Britain, at the time she signed that treaty,
intended to fulfill it, but, unfortunately, shortly
after my successor came into office he made an
arrangement with Sir Henry L. Bulwer, which
Mr. Marcy has since repudiated, by which the
title of the Mosquito King was acknowledged over
a portion of that territory—an acknowledgment
which conflicted with the treaty, and which, 1 ,
understand, has been thrown in the teeth of our I
minister in the correspondence which he has had
with Lord Clarendon.
California has the deepest interest in defending
this little American Republic, and I assure my
friend from California, and all others who feel an
interest in this subject, and desire to know the
truth, that this little State threw herself into the
arms of the American Republic, and by it incurred
the hostility of England. England has visited her j
with her wrath ever since. Of all the States of
Centra! America she should be the last oneagainst
which an American expedition should be permitted ■
to be fitted out. She should never be frowned
upon by us. She should be the first to be cher-
ished by us, and to which our hand should be
always extended in friendship for the aid she has
given us in opening the intercourse with our ter-
ritories on the Pacific. .
I must apologize for the length of time which
I have occupied with these remarks. They have
been made hastily, on the spur of the occasion,
produced by the honorable Senators from Michi-
gan and Virginia; and now, thanking the^ Senate
for its indulgence, I will consume its time no
longer.
Mr. CHASE. I ask the Senate now to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business.
It is extremely important that we should do so.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will allow
me to introduce an order.
Mr. CHASE. Certainly.
private bill dat.
Mr. MASON. I offer the following;
Ordered, That the order of the Senate setting apart Fri-
day for the consideration of private bills, be, and the same
is hereby, rescinded.
Several Senators. Oh, no.
Mr. MASON. Then I shall offer itto-morow.
land officers.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope the Senator
from Ohio will allow me to report a bill from the
Committee on Public Lands. It will take but a
few moments, and it is very important.
Mr. CHASE. With the understanding that, if
it leads to debate, it will go over, I have no ob-
jection.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. If it provokes any de-
bate I shall not press it. I am instructed by the
Committee on Public Lands to report a bill to
prevent officers and persons engaged in the man-
agement and sale of the public lands being con-
cerned in the purchase of those lands, and for
other purposes.
The bill was read twice.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to inquire whether
that bill has ever been printed?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. It has not been printed.
It is recommended by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and has been in my hands for some weeks,
with instructions to report it.
Mr. WELLER. It is a very important bill,
and involves the interest of the new States, espe-
cially California, where the land office has just
been opened. I have had no opportunity to ex-
amine it, in order to see what would be its practi-
cal effects.
Mr. STUART. If the honorable Senator will
allow me one moment, I think I can satisfy him
in regard to the bill. Its only effect is to prevent
land officers from speculating in the public lands.
That is all.
Mr. WELLER. It goes a good deal further
than that. I think it undertakes to regulate the
fees.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. No, sir.
Mr. STUART. Not at all.
Mr. WELLER, The bill goes further than
that. It undertakes to prescribe cases in which
the receiver and register shall be entitled to fees
How far that is in conformity with the existing
laws I do not know. That is a question that 1 can
determine only upon an examination of the printed
bill, and by comparing it with the laws that now
exist. 1 am sure that I have no disposition to
interpose any difficulty in the way of bills which
are reported from the Committee on Public Lands,
but when a bill of that character comes up, which
must affect all the new States of the Union, and
which makes a radical change in the land offices,
I desire to know what that change is before I vote
for it.
to?10 RESIDENT. Does the Senator object
to its consideration?
I wmie"?tDp?s!'0ver?°Wa- If friead des;res>
unlfto^fow ENT> The bi" Wi" be
executive session.
On motion by Mr CHASE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive biisi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
