1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
837
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 20, 1855.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
Th e J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a message
from the President of the United Statss, commu-
nicating a letter from the Secretary of the Interior,
with an estimate for additional appropriations;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting three hundred printed copies of the
Wavy Register for the current year, for the use of
members of the House of Representatives; which
was ordered to be laid on the table.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. CORWIN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table Sen-
ate resolution No. 38, for the purpose of 
Mr. DISNEY. I insist on the regular order of
business.
Mr. CORWIN. I never before in my life asked
a privilege from the House; and I promise that I
never will again. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal to
the gentleman from Ohio to withdraw his call for
the regular order of business, to enable me to pre-
sent a petition, that it may be laid on the table.
Mr. DISNEY. No; I object.
Mr. CORWIN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table the
resolution to which I have referred. It can be
disposed of in three minutes. I have never before
asked a privilege of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Disney,] anil others, have objected, and an-
nounced that they will not yield for any purpose
whatever.
Mr. DISNEY. For none whatever.
Mr. HAMILTON. As the regular order of
business has been called for, and as that brings
up before the House a very important bill, I move
that there be a call of the House.
[Cries of " No !" " No!"]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is hardly
a quorum present.
Air. DISNEY. For the purpose of making an
explanation to the House, I desire to say one
word 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And I will
have to object.
Mr. DISNEY. The gentleman from Illinois
may object; but my purpose was not to present a
petition.
GRANTS OF LAND.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of House bill (No. 102)
granting lands equally to the several States to aid
in the construction of railroads and the support
of schools. The immediate question is upon the
motion for the commitment of the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and the previous question has been demanded.
Mr, HAMILTON. I will make a proposition
which, I understand, will be satisfactory to the
House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will appeal to my col-
league to withdraw his objection, and let reports
and petitions be presented.
Mr. DISNEY. It is perfectly idle to appeal to
me.
Mr. CAMPBELL. We might as well dispose
of these immaterial matters, to which there can be
no objection, while members are coming in. We
will have a full quorum directly.
Mr. DISNEY. I have been waiting for six
weeks to get some matters before the House which
would not occupy a minute, and have not been
able to do so. The Committee on Public Lands
have a great many matters of this sort which
would not take ten minutes to dispose of, and we
have been yielding to requests for six weeks. I
will not do so longer.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Ham-
ilton,] that there be a call of the House.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 withdraw that motion.
Mr; JONES-, of Tennsss'e'e. I ask for reflet's on
seconding the demand for the previous question.
That will give time for members to come in.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Boyce and
Johnson were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 65, noes 23; no quorum voting.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not think that we
ought to consume the time by a call of the House.
I suggest to my colleague again that, if he would
withdraw his objection, a great deal of business
that will consume the time of the House in future
might be saved.
Mr. DISNEY. I do not yield the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 move, then, a call of the
House.
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
motion; and, upon a division, there were—ayes63,
noes 36.
So a call of the House was ordered.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll, and
one hundred and nineteen members (beinga quo-
rum) answered to their names.
Mr. HENN. I move to dispense with all
farther proceedings under the call.
The question was triken; and ali further pro-
ceedings under the call were suspended.
The SPEAKER. The question now pending
is on seconding the demand for the previous
question upon the motion to commit to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, the
bill granting lands equally to the several States to
aid in the construction of railroads and for the
support of schools.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I move to
lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. HAVEN. I understand that it is agreeable
to the gentleman who introduced the bill to have
it recommitted to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union; and I hope that the House
will agree to that course.
Mr. DAVIS. On the motion to lay the bill j
upon the table I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. OLDS demanded tellers on the yeas and
nays, which were ordered; and Messrs. Kerr
and Sapp were appointed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to appeal to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wentworth] to
withdraw his motion to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I cannot withdraw it,
as J wish to make a test question of this motion.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty-six, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
69, nays G7; as follows:
FEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Ashe, Banks,
Barry, Benton? Koyee, Bieckmndge, Bridges, Chamberlain,
Chastam, Ohrisman, Clark, Cobb, Crai<;e, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Disney, Dow dell, Drum, Dunbui, Ea&unan, Edger-
tnn, John M. Elliott, Ellison,.Faulkner, Florence, Fuller,
Gamble, Greenwood, Grow, Hamilton, Andrew J. Ilarlan,
Hendricks, Ilenn, Ihbbard, Houston, Johnson, George W.
Jones, J. Clancy Jones, Kcitr, Kittred^e, Letcher, Linds-
ley, Macdonald, McDoucall, McNair, McUncen, Maxwell, i
Millson, Murray, Nichots, Olds, Moidecai Oliver, Orr,
Phelps, Powell, Kichurdson, Itoblmis, Uufiiu, &haw,
Shower, George VV. Sm>th, Andrew Sluatf, Warren, E.
B.VVashburne,Wells, John Wentworth, and Witte—69.
NATS—Messrs. Appleton, Ball, Bennett, Benson, Bris-
tow, Bu&r, Campbell, Carpenter, Ouruthcrs, Chase, Cook,
Corwm, Cox, Cullom, Cutting, DeWitt, Dickinson, Ed-
mands, Thomas D. Eliot, Ethendge, Farley, Gjddings,
Goodwin, Aaron Ilarlan, Harrison, Haven, Hill, Howe,
Hughes?, Kerr, Knox, Kurtz, Latham, Lilly, Lindley, Mc-
Culloch, Mamice, Mayail, Middleswarth, Morgan, Noiton,
Parker, Puryear, Ready, Riddle, David Riteiue, Rowe,
Russell, Sapp, Seward, Seymour, Skclion, Fredcnck P.
Stanton, Stratton, John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Thurs- !
ton, Tracy, Tweed, Upbam, Wade, Walker, Waliey, Tap- :
pan Wentworth, Wheeler, and ZollicofTer—67.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. ENGLISH stated that, if he had been pres-
ent, he should have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsiderthe
vote by which the bill was laid upon the table,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. MORGAN demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 81, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Jame<? C. Allen, Ashe, Banks,
Barry, Belcher, Benton, Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge,
Bridges, Chamberlain, Chastam, Clark, Cobb, Craige,
John G. Davis, Dawson, Disney, Dowdell, Drum, Dunbar,
EastmanJEdgeitop, Ellison, English, Faulkner, Florence, t
FuTfetf, GSmw, Grtffe'n, GfeVnwoiod, Grow, Hamilton, f
Andrew J. Harlan, Hastings, Hendricks, HibbaM, Hous-
ton, Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Keitt,
Kittredge, Latham, Letcher, Lindsley, Macdon&Jd, Mc-
Dougali, McNair, McQueen, Maxwell, Millson, Murray,
Nichols, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, John Perkins, Phelps,
Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Ruffin, Shannon, Shaw,
Shower, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, George W.
Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Andrew
Stuart, John J. Taylor, Vansant, Warren, Eilihu B. Wa$h-
burne, Wells. John Wentworth, Wilte, and Hendrick B.
Wright—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Appleton, Ball, Bennett, Benson, Bris-
tow, Bugg, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chase, Cor-
win, Cox, Crocker, Cullom, Thomas D. Eliot, Ethendge,
Everhart, Farley, Flagler, Giddings, Goodwin, AaronHar-
Jan, Harrison, Haven, Hiester, Hill,-Howe, Hughes, Kerr,
Knox, Kurtz, Liiiy, McCulloch, Middleswartn, Morgan,
Norton, Parker, Pennington, Puryear, Ready, D^vid
Ritchie, Rowe, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Sey-
mour, Simmons, Skelton, Stratton, John L. Taylo^Na-
thamel G. Taylor, Teller, Thurston, Tracy, Uphara,
Wade, Walker, Waliey, Tappan Wentworth. Wheeler,
and ZoUicofi'er—62.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
GRADUATION BILL.
Mr. COBB. I desire to make a report of a
bill, founded upon a petition sent to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, making a slight modification
of the graduation bill. We have stricken every-
thing that is objectionable from the bill, and I hope
it will meet the'approbation of the House. After
the House shall have listened to the reading of the
bill, I will call the previous question. I was anx-
ious to offer other amendments to the graduation
bill, but the short time remaining of the session
would hardly admit of action upon them, and I
did not desire to put in jeopardy the success of
the bili, which I now ask leave of the House to
report. It simply authorizes affidavits to be taken
before magistrates, without compelling parties to
go three or four hundred miles, as they were
required to do before, to make affidavits before
other parties. The title of the bill is as follows:
" A bill to amend the act of the 24th August, 1854,
entitled 'An act to graduate and reduce the price of
the public lands to actual settlers and cultivators."'
The bill was then read through by the Clerk, &£
follows:
lie it pnncted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States in Congress etssemblcd, That the act
approved 4th of August, 1854, " to graduate and reduce
the price of the public lands to actual settlers and cultiva-
tors," sliall be so construed that the affidavits required by
the third section of that act may be made before any officer
duly authorized by law to administer oaths, according t£
such forms and pursuant, to such regulations as shall be
prescubed by the Secretary ofthe Interiorjandthatportiop
of paid act that has been construed as requiring that lands
entered or applied for for the use of an adjoining farm or
plantation, shall form a compact body with such farm or
plantation, shall hereafter be construed as applicable to any
lauds cornering or adjoining such farm or plantation} and
the portion of said law that has been construed as author-
izing the entry oflands) under said graduating act, on filing
a declaration of intention to enter lands for the use ofthe
applicant, and for the put pose of settlement and cultivation,
shall hereafter be considered as authorizing an entry in
such cases, only on proof of actual settlement and improve-
ment by the party making such application, under such
rules and regulations as may be prescribed by the Secretary
of the Interior for that purpose, and the oath of the appli-
cants that it is for their own use, and not in trust for
another.
Mr. HAMILTON. I appeal to the gentleman
from Alabama to allow me to offer an amendment
to the bill. I have no objection to the bill as far as
it goes, but I wish to amend one of its features.
Mr. COBB. I do not like to hazard the suc-
cess of the bill by getting into any controversy
about its provisions. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior and Commissioner of the Public Lands, are
determined to prevent any frauds under the ori-
ginal bill.
Mr, HAMILTON. I have an amendment
which I think will obviate many of the difficulties
growing out of the graduation law of last session.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask ifthe amendment ofthe gentleman from Mary-
land has not been drawn up by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office?
Mr. HAMILTON. A part of it. I wish to
have it read; and if the previous question is not
sustained I will offer it* I ask that it may be
read for information.
Mr. HENDRICKS objected to the reading.
The House was then divided upon the demand
of the previous question, and the Chair announc-
ing only thirty-eight voting in favor thereof
Mr. HENDRICKS demanded tellers.
Mr. COBB. If the bill should be read again,
so that members may understand it, evjery gentle-
man in the Mo'use willyote for it'. If the prfcvi-
