840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
For compensation of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, and the recorder, draughtsman, assistant
draughtsman, clerks, messengers, assistant messengers,
packers, and laborers in his office, whose salaries shall
hereafter be $4,000 per annum—$169,186.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 rise to a point of order.
The amendment that the gentleman offers is in-
tended to increase the salaries of the officers of the
Land Office.
Mr. DISNEY. Why is the amendment objec-
tionable.'
Mr. HOUSTON. It is objectionable, because it
is introducing legislation into an appropriation bill.
Mr. DISNEY. I confess that I would like to
reply to the objection of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, if I could see any point in it. I do not see
anything of the sort. In general appropriation
bills, you make appropriations of particular, des-
ignated sums, to be paid to particular departments,
which, in the judgment of the House, is perfectly
right and proper. Why can you not, then, in a
bill designating the amount of money to be appro-
priated for a particular purpose, designate the class
of officers who shall receive it?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] raises a point of order,
that the amendment is not in order. The 81st
rule provides " that no appropriation shall be
reported, in such general appropriation bills, or be
in order as an amendment thereto, for any expend-
iture not previously authorized bylaw." It would
seem that this amendment is not authorized by any
existing law.
Mr. DISNEY. I was about to say 
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to the gentleman
proceeding with his remarks, as it seems to be
very difficult for him to see the point which the
Chair sees clearly. Unless the gentleman ap-
Mr. DISNEY. I do appeal, in order to gratify
my friend from Alabama. I appeal, because the
rule, as read by the Chair, does not apply to the
case. The construction which the Chair inti-
mates as being the just and true one, in relation
to the rule just read;, will limit the action of the
committee upon all appropriation bills to such
specific sums as were called for by preexisting
laws. To apply that doctrine now, what have
the committee done within the last five minutes.
They have appropriated $300,000 as an additional
appropriation for the construction of the exten-
sion of the presentTreasury building > Was this
additional amount provided for by existing law?
Mr. HOUSTON. It was so provided for.
Mr. DISNEY. It certainly was not; but be-
cause an existing law provided for the construc-
tion of the building, it is held to be sufficient jus-
tification to authorize this committee to go on and
increase the amount. My colleague here sug-
gests very properly that, in point of fact, the ap-
propriation is to erect a new building for the State
Department, and to do it under the color of a law
authorizing the erection of a building for the
purposes of the Treasury Department. By your
existing laws you provide for the existence of an
officer designated as Commissioner of the General
Land Office; and you have provided for his com-
pensation. The amendment I have offered is
only to alter the amount of his compensation; and
it creates nothing new. The existence of this
officer has been acknowledged by existing laws;
and you have made an appropriation for compen-
sating him for his services. In the case to which
I just adverted, relying upon the fact that an ex-
isting law has provided for the expenditure of
money for the purpose of erecting the Treasury
Building, you go on and make an additional appro-
priation.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ohio
is in the habit of explaining points that are pre-
sented in debate here, and he seems very often to
see things that do not exist. The Chair has had
no difficulty in discovering the point which I pre-
sented when his amendment was offered. The
gentleman brings forward,as an illustration of his
position, the proposition that was made by the
honorable gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Cratge,] to carry out the provisions of an exist-
ing law; and, if I understood him correctly, he
said that there was no existing law for that pur-
pose. If there is an existing law for the construc-
tion of the Treasury Building, then the argument
of the gentleman has no application to the point
before us.
Mr. DISNEY. We do not provide for the
erection of a new State Department.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will take
the trouble to examine the question, he will find
that the erection of a building for the State De-
partment was within the original plan of the
Treasury Building.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Let us vote upon this
question.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not intend to interpose
questions of order, unless I believe they are well
founded. I confess I deemed it necessary to reply
to the remarks of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Disney,] which he madein a manner which seemed
to imply that he treated, almost with contempt,
the point of order made by another member of
this body, and sustained by the Chair.
Now, sir, 1 say that the amendment offered this
morning, appropriating $300,000, was not only
authorized by law, but was in pursuance of ex-
isting law, which has been standing upon the
statute-book ever since the Treasury Building was
authorized to be erected. There is, probably, one
other building which stands in the same position.
But, yesterday, when a proposition was made to
make, as an amendment to this bill, an appropri-
ation for the erection of a new building, it was
ruled out of order, and very properly too.- The
rule says:
" That no appropriation shall be reported ill such general
appropriation hills, or be in order as an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not previously authorized by law, un-
less m continuation or appropriations lor sue!) public works
and objects as are already in progress, and for the contin-
gencies l'or carrying on the several Departments ofthe Gov-
ernment."
Mr. DISNEY. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Alabama if the amendment now pend-
ing before the committee is not in continuation of
appropriations heretofore authorized bylaw?
Mr. HOUSTON. I say it is not. There is not
only no law for it, but it is in direct conflict with
the law. It is true the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office is an officer known to the law,
and that he is to be compensated by a salary,
which is also known to the law, but the law fixes
the salary. And now, I ask, if the gentleman can
come forward, and, as an amendment to the civil
and diplomatic bill, give to an officer double com-
pensation, when there is not only no law for it,
but when the law says he shall have but $3,500.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 would aek the gentleman
whether the preexisting appropriation being lim-
j ited by law, as in this case, and that appropri-
; ation being exhausted, and the fact of the ex-
| haustion being the reason why the additional
I appropriation is asked for, I say, I ask the gentle-
I man, whether, in such a case the appropriation
is not warranted by law?
Mr. HOUSTON. The rule expressly makes
the exception of those cases where previous ap-
propriations have been made to carry out any
particular object. But this is no such case at all.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 would like to appeal to the
gentlemen on the other side of the House, to let
us take the vote now.
Mr. HOUSTON. I acknowledge the force of
the appeal, and I yield the floor that the vote may
be taken. |
The question being, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
it was put, and decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. TRACY. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the three hundred and fifty-
first line:
For additional compensation to five assistant exam-
iners in the Patent Office, for such time as they shall have
performed the duties of principal e.\aininers, to make their
salaries equal to That of a principal examiner; and to ten
clerks of the second class, in said office, for such lime as
they shall have performed the duties ol assistant examiners,
to make iheir salaries equal to that of an assistant exam
iner—$7,350, to be paid out of the Patent fund.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit to the
Chair that that amendment would be ruled out of
order under the decision just made by the Chair,
and which has been sustained by the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out of
order on the ground that it is not in pursuance of
law, but proposes to change the existing law.
Mr. TRACY. I am not disposed to take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair, but I may
be allowed to make a suggestion.
The CHAIRMAN. That can be done by
unanimous consent. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. TRACY. It will be observed, from read-
ing the amendment, that five assistant examiners
in the Patent Office have been required by the
Commissioner of Patents to perform the duties of
^principal examiners.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has not the amendment
been ruled out of order ?
The CHAIRMAN. It has been, but the gen-
tleman is speaking by unanimous consent, which
he asked and obtained.
Mr. TRACY. Five of the assistant examiners
have, in order to perform the duties of that office,
been required by the Commissioner of the Patent
Office to do the duties of the principal examiners,
since the 1st of April last. The promotion of
these five to the position of examiners in chief,
required the addition of ten assistant examiners,
five to fill the places of those promoted, and five
to act as assistants to those promoted.
These examiners have been performing that
higher grade of duty since the 1st of April last,
and it is but just that they should be put upon an
equal footing, as to salaries, with those who per-
form the same duties. I am aware that there is
no law by which an additional number of exam-
iners in chief can be appoined by the Commis-
sioner of Patents, but it seems to me that the
amendment can properly be regarded as coming
within the last clause of the rule in regard to con-
tingencies necessary to carry on the Government.
The Patent Office at that time was eight months
in arrears with its business; and it was found
impossible to bring up that business with the then
force in the office, and the Commissioner deemed
it his duty to take the course which was adopted,
and these individuals have been performing those
higher duties. It seems to me exceedingly unjust
to require services of that kind, and yet not com-
pensate those who perform them.
If the amendment can be brought within the
last clause of the rule in reference to contingencies,
I trust it will be so ruled by the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is under the
impression that the amendment provides for an
appropriation which is not authorized by law,
and, as such, rules it out of order. It is in con-
travention, also, of existing law, and for that
reason is out of order.
Mr. TRACY. I do not regard it as forbidden
by law.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman ap-
peal?
Mr. TRACY. I do not.
Mr. THURSTON. I offerthe following amend-
ment:
For providing copper-plates, suitably engraved, to illus-
trate the patents issued during the year 1854, $9,459.
Mr. Chairman, I send up to the Clerk to be
read a communication which I have received from
the Commissioner of Patents. It fully explains
the amendment. Before it is read, however, I
would state that, in my opinion, the engraving of
the plates for the Patent Office reports, as sug-
pasted, would result in great good. They would
set forth to the public more precisely than is now-
done, the inventions for whichpatents have been
issued during the past year. Theamendment is,
in brief, for the perfection of a book acknowledged
by all to be eminently useful and important, and
I hope that it may be adopted.
The Clerk read the letter and contract, as fol-
low:
UnitedStates Patent Office, )
washington, January 2, lt!55 (
Sir: I inclose herewith a copy of a contract i,,
pie with Mr. Gritzner. The amount to be approp™tert
cany out the provisions of this contract (should ConsrtM
approve of the arrangement) will be as follows • ngrts3
^Trlf, "Tber J'f patents lssued the year
1854 is a little short of one thousand nine hundred Of
these, probably about one thousand eight hundred will
need to be illustrated by these engravings. nundre(I Wlii
f ,u. r. •onsres8 concIude to take the copper-nlates
he fs iobe^aMaT thereof'
Laiountto$i,45no°aeaOUSa"U eight baBieei
"hdeClded t0 em^°y Mr- Gritzner to prhu ten
thousand copies °r more of all these engravings, ho to be
paid in all for each large plate. There will nrohahN? Ka
uventy^ve of these which8will
Ss 375 P"Ce °f the P'ateS> in that case> w.H be o,?ly
It will be seen by the contract that for prmtma ten thnn
J??PleS 'fJIhave ®785 per plate> which, for twentv-
iVe plates would be in all $19,695. Addina to tlnl th«
070 $6>37o> Wl11 "lake Jost $86,000, as the whole cost of
