1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
84 J
pieparing the copper-plates and printing ten thousand
copies of all the engravings. If a larger number of copies
should be desired the contract will enable you to calculate
the costs.
Should it be thought very desirable to diminish the cost
of these engravings, the whole cost of plates and printing
may be diminished to about one half the estimate for cop-
per-plate printing by having them printed from transfers on
stone. But, even m that case, the same original copper-
plates will be needed.
Perhaps you may think it better to merely make the ap-
propriation for purchasing the plates at present, which will
be $9,450, and be diminished to $6,375, in case Mr. Gritz-
ner gets the job of printing ten thousand copies, or more.
I would, therefore, suggest the following amendment to
the appropriation bill, leaving the question of printing to
be subsequently provided for:
" For providing copper-plates suitably engraved to illus-
trate the patents issued during the year 1854, nine thousand
four hundred and fifty dollars
Yours, very respectfully, C. MASON.
Hon. J3. B. Thurston.
This agreement, made the 28th day of September, 1854.
between Charles Mason, Commissioner of Patents, acting
for and m behalf of the United States of the one part, and
M. C. Gritzner, of the other part, witnesses: That the said
Gritzner agrees to make copper plate engravings of all the
patents issued during the present year, winch the Commis-
sioner of Patents, for the time bema, may direct to have
illustrated m that manner. The engravings are to be on
plates of copper twent>-two by thirty-three niches in size,
each plate being suitably divided into eight pages eight by
ten and one half inches in size, and to con'ain as many
diagrams as can be conveniently placed thereon.
He is to be furnished by the Patent Office with such brief
descriptions of each of the patents to be so illustrated as
may be thought necessary. He is to make the necessary
sketches or drawings, and to furnish all the materials he
may need in the prosecution of his work, and to have the
whole finished by the 1st day of March next.
He is to be paid monthly at the rate of %130 for each plate
engraved a? aforesaid. And he having aheady been paid
for his services the sum of $180, that amount is to be cied-
ited under this agreement upon the last payments that will
be due for the plates under the arrangement above Mated.
Nothing further is to be paid the said Gritznei, unless an
appropriation for that purpose be made by Congress
Upon the payment of an additional sum sufficient in all
to cause the hum already paid to amount to $5 25 for each
patent illustrated as aforesaid, the plates so engraved are to
become the property of the ofiice. And if, at any time, the
work is not done in a satisfactory manner, the said Com-
missioner is to have the right to put a stop to any further
engravings under this contract, and to have the same right
in relation to the number then engraved as are above pro-
vided.
Should the said Gritzner be employed to print ten thou-
sand copies or more of any of the plates so engraved upon
the terms hereinafter stated, the plates upon which t>uch
numbers of copics shall have been printed are to become
the property of the Office, by paying said Gritzner the sum
of $125 per platc? in addition to the sum of pei plate,
above provided toi.
The said Gritzner is to print electrotypes, taken from the
copper-plates aforesaid, as many copies of any and all these
plates, as may be ordered by the Commissioner, and at the
rates following, that is to say:
For printing ten thousand copies of one plate, and-fur-
nishing electrotypes and paper, $785 00; fifteen thousand
copies for $1,151 94; twenty thousand copies for $1,405 47;
thirty thousand copies tor $-2,124 47; forty thousand copies
for $2,843 47; fifty thousand copies for ,$3,562 47; sixty
thousand copies for $4,281 47; seventy thousand copies
for $5,000 47; eighty thousand copies for $5,719 47 ; ninety
thousand copies for $6,438 47 ; and one hundred thousand
copies for $7,157 47.
If the Patent Ofiice furni&hevS paper for printing these
copies, a deduction pn the above prices is to be made, at
the rate of $12 50 per thousand copics of one plate. And
if the Office furnishes the electrotype also, afuither deduc-
tion is to be made of six dollars per thousand copies of each
plate, on that account.
If, instead of having these copies printed in the manner
above contemplated, me Commissioner prefers to have
them punted iroin transters on stone, the original copper-
plate* are to be paid form the same manner and at the
same rates as is above stated, and the punting of ten thou-
sand copies or more of any one plate is to have the same
efFect of diminishing the price to be paid per plate, as is
above provided. And the printing from transfer is to be
done by the said Gritzner at the rate of $3.J3 for each ten
thousand copies of one plate, as aforesaid, for as many
such copies as may be ordered by the said Commissioner—
the said Gritzner furnishing the atone and making the trans-
fers himself. CIIAS. MASON,
M C. GRITZNER.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-
man, before the mechanical portion of the Patent
Office report was sent, either to the Senate or this
House, the Commissioner of Patents entered into
a conditional contract for the engraving and plates.
The style and character of these engravings were
such as to make necessary a change m the form
of the book, and as the joint resolution of Con-
gress confided that matter exclusively to the Joint
Committee on Printing of the two Houses, we
met a few days ago to consider the proposed
plan of the Commissioner. Mr. Mason, the Com-
missioner, appeared before us, and we patiently
heard all he had to say in favor of the plates as
contracted for, and the proposed change in the
form of the work. Weexamined the engravings,
and it is due to the artist to say, that they were
admirably executed, and from their accuracy of
detail were well calculated to be useful in giving a
clear idea of the principles intended to be shown
in the patents. But they made necessary an ex-
pensive change in the book, from that of royal
octavo, the size heretofore adopted for the Patent
Office reports, to quarto, and would thus break
the serial character of that class of books. We
submitted the question as to the cost of engraving
and printing the plates in the style, and upon the
scale proposed by the Commissioner, to the Super-
intendent of Printing, who furnished us with his
estimate. The result was astounding. The addi-
tional cost to be incurred by the Government, on
account of engravings for that single book and
the printing, would be $139,000. The committee,
in view of their responsibility to Congress and
the country, very properly decided, and that with
perfect unanimity, that they would sanction no
such enormous expenditure. They decided, under
the authority conferred upon them l>y the joint
resolution of Congress, that the book should be
executed in the usual octavo form, and the plates
prepared m a somewhat similar (though much
better) style, to those of the last year.
The effect of this amendment, it seems to me,
would be to accept and ratify the contract, entered
into by. the Commissioner of Patents. While I
have not the least doubt the Commissioner of Pat-
ents acted from a laudable desire to improve the
character of the work, and make it more practically
valuable, I am constrained to say, that he had no
right to take steps calculated to forestall the action
of Congress both as to the expense, and the par-
ticular torm of the book. The precedent would
be a bad one, and, if sanctioned, might lead to
great abuses by the heads of bureaus. The Com-
mittee on Printing, for that reason, as well as on
! account of the great expense, thought it best to
| reject his arrangements, and no doubt this House
I will do the same thing.
j It is true thcamendmentproposes only to pay for
I the engraving and plates, but this is only a small
j part of the expense. Transferting, printing, and
j paper are the items which swell up the amount so
[ enormously. But, the drawings and engravings
are not yet full,y executed, and the work done,
according to the judgment of the Superintendent,
is not worth more than about $4,000. The com-
mittee thought that by allowing the contractor this
amount, it would amply pay him for his labor,
and by arresting the work at this stage Congress
would get rid of the enormous sum which the con-
tract, if fully carried out, would require.
My colleague on the committee [Mr. Murray]
reminds me that I have made a mistake as to the
amount which the engraving under the contract of
the Commissioner would cost. He says the esti-
mate was $89,000, instead of $139,000. That is
bad enough, but I intended in the litter sum to
embrace the additional cost which would ensue for
printing, binding, and paper for the book, m con-
sequence of its change of form from octavo to
quarto size.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky seems to be communicating important facts \
in reference to this amendment, not one of which
we have heard here at all.
Mr. STANTON. The facts are briefly these:
Before the Patent Office report was made to the
House, the Commissioner of Patents entered into
a conditional contract for engraving, without any
authority of law, or any authority from the Joint
Committee on Public Printing—a contract which
would have made the expenses in publishing the
plates for the mechanical portion of the report,
$89,000. This amendment is to pay for the en-
graving of these plates, which are not yet executed.
There is no necessity for executing them. The
Committee on Printing have determined that the
book shall be of a different character; that, instead
of enlarging it to a quarto size, and using these
plates in it, it shall be just as it was last year—
with engravings on wood. It would cost $89,000
to procure the new plates, and some $20,000 or
$30,000 more to adapt the book to them.
Mr. WHEELER. What is the difference of
Mr. STANTON. The cost of the plates, if
executed so as to make the book as it has been
heretofore published, will be $28,000; that is for
engraving, plates, and everything connected with
that part of the work.
Mr. SOLLERS. Did the gentleman say that
i the Commissioner of Patents entered into a con-
tract not authorized by law ?
Mr. STANTON. A contract commenced and
partially executed, and the pay dependent upon
the action of Congress.
Mr. SOLLERS. I asked the question for the
protection of the character of the Administration.
[LaughterJ
Mr. MURRAY. The Commissioner of Pat-
ents agreed with a gentleman to engrave the plates.
He submitted the arrangement to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office. That committee
concurred in it provided Congress would carry it
out.
Mr. WHEELER. The difference is between
$28,000 and #89,000.
Mr. MURRAY. The difference is greater than
that.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not want to prolong this
discussion. When the amendment was read, I
thought that it was a proper one. I supposed
that I understood it; but it seems that I was mis-
taken. I should like to know whether there is
any explanation in regard to it from the Com-
mittee on Patents? As I understand it now, from
the remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky, a
conditional contract has been made by the Com-
missioner of Patents, and that, in the opinion of
the Committee on Printing, if we adopt this
amendment it will saddle upon us a contract
which they deem very improper and extravagant.
I hope, therefore, we shall have some explanation
from some member of the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, so that we may vote upon
the matter understandingly.
Mr. PECK. I wish to ask my colleague [Mr.
Murray] one question in reference to the expense
involved. I desire to know what will be the addi-
tional cost of adopting this amendment?
Mr. MURRAY. The mechanical report of
the Patent Office, as made for the present year,
will have to be bound in two volumes, and I un-
derstand the additional cost for engraving, if this
amendment is carried out, will be something
like a dollar a copy. Last year illustrations were
furnished for the Patent Office report, made on
wood, but if they are made on copper, as this
amendment provides, 1 understand the additional
expense will be something like $89,000. It will
require those reports to be published in quarto
form, which will considerably increase the expense.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island. I hope we shall
adopt the amendment, and that we shall furnish
the mechanics of the country with copies of the
inventions that have been patented during the past
year, for, if I understand it, that is the object of
the amendment now before the committee.
Mr. MURRAY, (interrupting.) In my opinion,
and in the opinion of the Committee on Printing,
these engravings can be done on wood so that
they will appear just as well, and so that the
inventions will be equally well illustrated as if
engraved on copper.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know but that those
engravings can be done just as well on wood as orx
copper, but it strikes me that it cannot. This ia
a matter in which the mechanical interest of the
country is deeply interested. The proposition
has been before the Committee on Patents. They
have given it their consideration, and they have
given it their sanction. For one, I think if this
Patent Office report can be put forth to the coun-
try with these great improvements we shall be
doing but justice to the mechanical interest. Grad-
ually we have taken step by step in the improve-
ment of these reports. At the outset they were
scarcely worth having, and not until last year
were we able to obtain anything worthy to be put
into the hands of the mechanics and inventors of
the country as of practical utility.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. If the gentle-
man will allow me, I will say to him that the me-
chanics and inventors of the country will get pre-
cisely the same benefit by the arrangement which
the Committee on Printing have recommended
that they would obtain by carrying out the ar-
rangement recommended by the Commissioner of
Patents. Precisely the same illustrations will go
into the book under our arrangement as under the
other. They will, in my opinion, be as well exe-
cuted, and will be as useful, if not so acceptable
on account of their expensive character, to those
for whom they are intended.
So far as the Committee on Printing are cen-
