842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
cerned, their only object was to save the country
from a great expense, which they believed to be
entirely unnecessary, amounting to some eighty
or mudy thousand dollars, by having these en-
gravings done on copper. But, sir, knowing that
the Committee on Patents, without authority, as
we thought, had entered into a conditional con-
tract for having these illustrations engraved on
copper, we directed the Superintendent of Public
Printing to make inquiry as to what amount of
expense had been incurred, with a view of pro-
viding, as far as we could, against any loss to the
person who had undertaken the work. He esti-
mates that the expense already incurred will not
exceed $4,000. Now, sir, we propose to pay for
what has been done, and have these engravings
transferred to wood and electrotyped, by which
process they will become almost equal to copper-
plate engravings. We thought, that to authorize
copper-plate engravings after the style recom-
mended by the Commissioner, would be incurring
unnecessary expense, and render the work, when
published, of no more practical value to the class
for whom it is intended, than it will be when pub-
lished in a more economical form and style.
Mr. DAVIS. If I understand the gentleman
from Kentucky, the same object, practically, will
be accomplished, whether we carry out one plan
or the other. I had supposed that to reject this
amendment was to provide for bringing out an
imperfect book.
Mr. STANTON. Not at all.
Mr. DAVIS. If thegentleinan from Kentucky
says this engraving can be done just as well iri the
manner in which he indicates I have great confi-
dence in his statement, and the remarks I befoie
made, therefore, do not apply to the facts as they
exist. But, sir, it does seem to mea little strange
that the Commissioner of Patents should have pi e-
sented the matter in this form, arid the Committee
on Patents have lecommended the adoption of the
same plan, when the work could have been done
just as well in a cheaper form. I cannot quite
understand that fact.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If I under-
stand this matter, the question presented for us to
decide is as to the form in which we are to have
the mechanical part of the Patent OfHce report
printed. Now, sir, I understand that the Com-
mittee on Patents, following the recommendations
of the Commissioner of Patents, recommend that
it shall be printed in a particular way—that we
shall have a quarto volume, with copper-plate en-
gravings. But I understand the gentleman from
Kentucky, and the Committee on Printing, of
•which he is the chairman, to oppose the adoption
of this plan, and to recommend that the same
course should be taken with regard to the illustra-
tions of this book that was taken at the last ses-
sion of Congress.
Now, sir, I am in favor of the proposition of
the Patent Office Committee. I believe it is expe-
dient that wc should punt this document m the
way in which they suggest. Sir, I believe it u
proper and right that we should print these books
in the form in which the farmers and mechanics
of the country will receive the most information.
We are expending money for everything else.
We are appropriating some $5,000,000 for the
Patent Office building, and fur the extension of
the Capitol. But when it is proposed to expend a
few thousand dollars for the benefit of the farmers
and mechanics of the country the cry of retrench-
ment and reform is raised. Sir, f am in favor of
printing these Patent Office reports in the form
suggested by the Commissioner of Patents, and I
hope the amendment will be adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. For the purpose
of facilitating the action of the committee upon
this bill, f move that the committee do now rise
for the purpose of terminating the general debate
upon this bill.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 do not exactly agree with
my friend from Illinois in his views upon this
subject. If this book can be printed at a cost of
only $4,000 for engravings, according to the plan
recommended by the Committee on Printing, I
tbmk it is all that the farmers and mechanics of
the country requiie, and all that is necessary for
us to do.
The gentleman from Illinois insists upon the
expenditure of this $80,000 or $100,000 additional,
not because it is necessary, but because a good
deal of money has been thrown away for other
purposes, and, therefore, some of it had better be
expended in this way. Sir, if that is the prin-
ciple upon which we are to act, I would suggest
that we had better have the books bound with gilt
edges, and stamped us the copies of the Constitu-
tion were which were presented to the members
the other day. If money lrom the public Treas-
ury is to be thrown away, it might as well go for
one purpose as another.
Mr. SAGE. Move an'amendment providing
for gilt edges.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; I cannot accept my
friend's suggestion to move an amendment for
gilt edges. 1 will wait to see whether this amend-
ment is adopted. If it is, 1 do not know what I
may do.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. This Talent
Office report is about all that the farmers are get-
ting from this General Government, under any
cucunistatices whatever. Then there is the me-
chanical report, which is about all the mechanics
get, and it is generally understood that the farm-
ers and mechanics are proper and legitimate sub-
jects of plunder.
Now, 1 am willing to go with my friend from
Virginia, to give the farmers the most useful book
they can have, leaving out all extra ornaments,
gilt edges, painted plates, and things of that kind.
But if there is anything solid or substantial that
the Commissioner of Patents can get for our farm-
ers I am willing to favor it by all the means in my
power. 1 may as well remark here, that a plan
has recently been gotten up for which this extra
favoritism to the books may perhaps be a sort of
compensation, i understand that it is proposed—
and that an amendment will soon be introduced
for that purpose—to take theduty off the farmers'
wool without taking it oil* woolens. I hope no
one will call me to order for telling secrets.
Mr. SKELTON. I desire to ask the honorable
gentleman a question. He says that this Govern-
ment is plundering the farmeisand mechanics. I
would like him to mfoim me where the money is
to come from to pay for these books, if it does
not come ftom the farmers and mechanics of the
country ?
Mr. WENTWORTH. It would be out of
order for me to answer that question. I have
been out of order so much that 1 dare not be out
of order any more, because I know the Chair will
be obliged to call me to order, and as the commit-
tee seems impatient to take the vote, I have
nothing further to submit.
The qu stion now being upon Mr. Thurston's
amendment,
Mr. PliA IT demanded tellers.
Tellers were not orde red.
The amendment was then rejected.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I offer the following
amendment; at the end of line three hundred and
seventy-six, add the following:
To enable ihe rosier anil rocr iver of the land officc at
Indianapolis, Indiana, to rout a suitable room inr the pius-
erv.iiioii of ihe r^coiils and papets o! ihe M'vcial land
offices* in ^aid Stale wli'di hiive born discontinued, i nd
ihe books and papers ihorwf tiartblerred to the faid land
office at the said cny uf Indianapolis, ihe bum oi $5UU.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill, and reached line four hundred and seventeen.
Mr. DitfNEY. I desire to offer an amendment
at line lour hundred and ten.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection
the amendment can be received.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to going back.
Mr. DISNEY. The Clerk made no pause at
all. I am instructed by the Committee on Public
Lands to offer the following amendment, to come
in after line four hundred and ten:
For The expanses incurred by Dr. John Evans m geo-
logical exploration? ot Oi < son, *YWhm tou, &c., and lor
tin compi'-tion ot those e.xpiorauon* pi Washington Terri-
tory and m Coosa bay, $-£j>f>60; and the Drpartmentof the
Jnienoi )•> JieiHjy authorized to have ihe repot t ol Dr.
1 van- pubii-h^d under it-direction, the expen&e to bn paid
our of any money in the 'lrea ury not utiitivvise appro-
priated.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to going back on
the hill.
Mr. DISNEY. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his oi jecsion.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Houston] insists on his objection
the Chair is of opinion that, under the rule, the
committee cannot go back. .
Mr. DISNEY. I would suggest to the Chair
that the Clerk should not be allowed to read so
rapidly.
Mr. HOUSTON. We are getting on very
slowly with the bill. I shall, how ever, withdraw
my objection to this amendment, but 1 will object
to going back on any other occasion.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 am directed by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands to offer that amendment; and
I send to the Clerk's desk papers which, if the
committee desire to hear them read, will explain
this matter.
[Cries of " Never mind the papers."]
Mr. DISNEY. In order to save the time of
the committee, 1 will state, in general terms, the
fads connected with this case. Dr. Evans was the
regulai ly appointed geologist to make geological
explorations in Oregon and Washington Territo-
ries. He was subsequently instructed to join the
expedition conducted by Governor Stevens, who
was exploring a route for a railroad to the Pacific.
Congress, from some cause or other, failed, at
the last session,to make any appropriation for the
purpose of covering the additional expenses of
the expedition and the current expenses of Dr.
Evans. lie continued his labors, and before the
Department of the Interior could cause advices to
reach him he had expended some $5,000 above the
amount which had been appropriated. That item
is intended to be covered by this appropriation, in
conformity with the instructions given by the
Department of the Interior. In acting as geolo-
gist to the explorations of Governor Stevens, Dr.
Evans incurred an expenditure of $5,000 or $6,000
in addition. That sum is also intended to be cov-
ered by the proposition which I have offered.
The Territorial Legislature of Washington have
asked Congress to appropriate an additional sum
of (110,000, in order to enable the exploration to
be finished; and this act of the Territorial Legis-
lature is sustained by the papers which I have
sent up to the Clerk's desk, from the citizens of
San Francisco, and is also indorsed by the Dele-
gates from Washington and Oregon. General
facts are set forth m these papers showing the
importance of the discoveries which they suppose
will be made, in view of those which have already
been made by this reconnoissance. Dr. Evans has
already discovered coal beds, covering a very con-
siderable region of this country, and the import-
ance of the discovery of coat in this locality, which
they hope and believe will be found extensively,
is evidenced by a solitary fact, which I will quote.
It is said that even now the amount of coal con-
sumed by American steamers in the Pacific ocean
costs annually §3,000,000. A vast proportion of
this amount of cost would be saved if coal should
be found in that region. I do not advert, as I
might, to all the other advantages which would
necessarily result from a discovery of coal for the
purpose of manufacturing, and for all other pur-
poses in which coal is to Ge applied.
There is, also, the furtherappropriation ofj3,000
to cover another exploration to Coosa bay. These
$3,000, and $10,000 added to the $10,000 already
expended by Dr. Evans, under the authority of
law, makes the #23,000 asked for in this appro-
priation. The papers, however, which I have
sent to the Clerk'a desk will set forth all the facts
if the committee desire to hear them read.
Mr. KE1TT. Oh, no; wedonot want to hear
them read.
r JVlr'nHOU?TON' The gent'®naan from Ohio
[Mr. Disney] is m error in one of his points. It
was not a mistake, it was not a common failure on
the part of Congress to provide for this geological
survey. It was the intention of Congress to with-
hold appropriations on this subject; not only that,
but Congress passed a law saying that no further
surveys of this sort should be made, unless pre-
ceded by an act of Congress.
Mr. FULLER. That referred to railroad sur-
veys, not geological.
Mr. DISNEY. As I stated before, the Depart-
ment of the Interior could not notify Dr. Evans
ot this action of Congress unlil the amount indi-
cated by the papers had been expended The
Department adv,sed him hy the earliest opportu-
nity oi this action on the part of Confess ami
made" T^ "° f,*rlher were
made. But this proposition asked for is intended
to cover the expenditures made by Dr. Evan a
