1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
B4 3
before he could be advised of the intentions of
Congress, to which the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. IJors-roN] has adverted. It is not at b11
material whether the failure of Congress to make
an appropriation for this purpose was by accident
or design. It was only intended to restrain or
limit further explorations. The Department of
the Interior took immediate action thereupon, and
proceeded to ad vise the party; but, I repeat, before
the advices had reached the party the expenditure
had been incurred under the previous authority,
which Dr. Evans had obtained from the Depart-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. The section of the law under
v/hich this expenditure waa made is very short.
It appropriates $5,952 to cover the balance of com-
pensation to surveyors, geologists,&c., including !
the cost of superintending the geological reports,
provided that there be no farther geological sur-
veys of the Government, unless hereafter author-
ized by law. The object of this law was evidently
a good one. It was an object which ought to be
in the mind of Congress whenever it passes a law
at all, and that is, that the legislation must precede
the expenditure of money.
Now, the statement of the gentleman from Ohio
relieves this particular appropriation, because he
states to the committee that the information could
not be made to reach Dr. Evans until after this
expenditure had been made
Mr. SOLLERS. From the bottom of my heart
I deplore the unnecessary and useless expenditure
of public money in publishing these reports. I
have read the reports of the explorations made of
the Amazon and of the course of the Red nver,
and they are all utterly useless. I have read them
carefully and critically, and my judgment is, that
the best thing Congress can do is to cut off all
these unnecessary and useless appropriations for
the puul'cation of these works.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I propose to
amend the amendment of the gentleman fiom
Ohio, [Mr. Disney,] so as to strike out so much
of it as leaves that work to be published under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, and
insert in it that it is to be published by the public
printer. My reason for doing so is this, that the
work, if published under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, will cost four times as much
as if it were published under the direction of the
public printer.
Mr. DISNEY. I accept that modification.
The amendment was modified so as to make it
read:
Ami the Department of the Interior is hereby authorized
to have the report of Dr. Evans published by the punier of
the Uousm', the expense to be paid out of smy money in the
Treasury not otherwise ap[ ropnated.
The question was taken; and Mr. Disney's
amendment, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. DISNEY. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands fo move to strike out, |
in line four hundred and forty-nine, the word
"seven," and insert the following: "including a
translator of the Spanish language, $18,500."
So that the clause will read, as follows:
For compensation of ihe surveyoi general of Ww I\Iexieo,
and the, oUm!<s in hi* <mTu e, including a. translator of the
Sp.mis-li language, sli-yjOJ
At the last session of Congress an allowance
was made for this item by the committee, but the
House refused to grant it. In obedience to in-
structions from the Committee on Public Lands
to recommend that hi« sntary be made equal to that of the
surveyor genera! of California, viz: $4,500; and that the
amount oi compensation allowed to his office for cb-rk
lure, which was estimated ihrthe fiscal year eiuhiu; 30ih
June, 1856, al.$4 0 0, rAolu.-ivo of a tr.ui-larorof tho Spanish
language, (in the absence ot any official information from
the surveyorsreneral) be increased to £11 000, inelUMve of
the compensation of translator. The inelo.^d I tier fiom
the butvfynr general fully <,et«? forth the reasons which
seem to rtquite the. additional allowance herein submitted.
I also take occasion to set forth lite fact that the du i.-s
required of the burveyor general of Kansas and Nehia-ka,
in rfspect to the sui vcymg of the Indian reservations m
those Temtones, n« addition to the survejiug of the public
lands, which wnl be prosecuted on a iatge scale, and the
liiyh co.-t ot Iivtng there, sug^e«is that thf* annual compen-
sation of $9,000 now provided for that officer, in an insuffi-
cient compensation, and that tho allowance be increased
to £'J,000. And a* e\ tdence of the fact of the high cost of
livinjr, ihe iates of surveying contracts m Kansas and
Nebraska, exceed those allowed eK« where, thus far, in
any of the surveying districts, this side of the Rocky
mountain*.
With great respect, vour obedient servant,
JOIIM WILSON, Commissioner,
Hon. Pavip T. Disney, Ckairniun Committee on Public
Land**, Home of R> p, acnlaCivcs.
P. The letter fiom th'  sui v<«yor general of New Mex-
ico, to Hon. A. B. Gieenwood, Mibimtted bv the latter to
the Committee on Public Laud >, and bvthe committee
referred to tlus Office on the 26th utuim>, is herewith
retu.ned.
Mr. LETCHER. I raise the question of order
that the amendment is to provide for an increase
of salaties al( through.
Mr. DISNEY", it does not provide for any
increase of salary at all, but it merely provides an
allowance for clerk hire.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
the opinion that the amendment is in order.
Mr. LETCHER. It proposes an increase of
salary to enable the surveyorgeneral to hire clerks.
Mr. DISNEY. It simply makes an appropria-
tion of a general allowance of money.
Mr. LETCHER, There is no difference be-
tween allowing; one mtin $5,000, or saying that
five men shall receive $1,000 each. The amend-
ment provides for an increase of salary, and the
only difference is that it is given to an aggregate
number of men. It is changing the law  I
Mr. DfSNEY. I ask that a letter which I have 1
sent up may be read by the Clerk, which will |
show more fully the necessity of the amendment
1 have offered.
The Cleik read the letter, as follows:
New Mexico, near El Pa<  dnr. Norte, \
Dectiinbcr 7, 1854. \
Dear .Tuimi:: I havo aruved in tny district, and Will
proceed to select ihe point for the intersection of the men-
dian with the ha.^e hue in a f"w days.
I iiiid every article nece^ary for living astonishingly
high here ; and tiu-y art; higher sail faither up the coun-
try. Coffee and fiigar, fitly rem* per pound : bacon ham,
seventy-five cents ; flour, iwenty-four dollars pei barrel,
and merchandise in proportion.
I find tin; sum appropi mted for clerk hire fur below a°um
rrju.il to give a clerical fotce sufficient to perform the gieat '
amount of business winch will come before me. Tho bill i
establishing the surveyor's office m New Mexico, a-, it ,
pa^hed the Senate, was piopeily arranged; but Air. Letcher, '
from Vnginia, had it cut down. The amount for cleik ,
hire will not lurnish half tho force necessary 10 perforin i
the multitude of ini^ine-s which will come before the office '
in New Mexico. j aeo m ihe appropriation hill of l.wt ;
si on an it"in of ^ 10 ">,00.) for the laud comu'i^siouer for '•ot i
tlmg lam! uife* in UtthiornM, and iwo uein* for clerk line 1
, and tne salary of the surveyor general in the ?amcritate,
: $:r')0 ,
( Now. nr, the surveyor general of New M"xico has ihe !
i duty ot a land cumi)Kroner, receivei, and ^ur- 1
! vevor geneia! to perform, and that, too, with a salary of
. $3/)00 and $4,U0!) for cleik hire, m a country where all !
] prices are much higher than in California. 1 have esti- i
* TTT i] mat-d lo, the yenr ending 1^56, and have fixed the sums a* 1
I send to the^Clerk s desk papers which 1 wish ,< they were in the original hill—M.wO) lor the snlarv of the !
purveyor general, and .5-14,OOOfor cleik hir<; winch.'f think, !
will he ic(|mr<:d to have the ofijee well ojgimzed Will |
vou do me the favor to have u priced (or me m the House.? '
I have written to Judge Sebastian and Colonel Johnson on '
the «nb|ect, with whom 1 hope you will coopciate. j
If tho llouvc will give ibis additional salarv. they will
save many thousands of dollars to the national Tieasury; !'
for you see the amounts appropuated to tho hoard "of •
couinii^ioners m California, and there are probably more
land ciaims to adjudica'e and mp"it to Congress 111 New 1
Mtxicoihan m (California. If the appropriation can he :
had, I would f refer (he law to miMiu it is now; but if
it cannot, 1 will like tho land clause stricKen out, arid let
a hind commission be organized.
I may work for nothing myself, but I cannot get clerks
to do &. ; and the amounts appropriated will not half do for
clerk hire.
Plea-e have the law woidedso that the salary will be
raised until the settlement ot the land claims.
Very lespectl'ully, your friend, WM. PELIIAM.
Major Tmory requests me to «tate the faet«, that he has
had the storm, yellow fever, rainj mud, and winter to en-
counter on his way to his commencement point, which are
all true, I know, from my own knowledge. The high
prices and difficulties referred to, he is fearful, will cause
to have read in connection with this matter.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of
order 
Mr. DISNEY. If the gentleman from Virginia
will only allow the papers to be read, he will find
that the amendment I have offered does not increase
the compensation of the surveyor general. I
believe it ought to be increased, but I have not
ofirfred an amendment for that purpose, because I
knew the point of order would be raised. I have
omitted that part relating- to the surveyor general,
and have only provided for the pay of the clerks.
I ask that the letter from the General Land Office
be read first.
The letter was then read, as follows:
General Land Office, February 2, 1855.
Sir: In the oigatnc law creating ih« office of surveyor
general of New Mexico, 'he salary of that nflVer made
to he $3,000, [n view of the exorbitantly ki«h rates of all
the necessaries of iife in that Territory, and ot the gieat
amount of duties imputed on that officer, I deem it my duty !
his expenses to be so much above the estimate he had
mad", that he will not be able to finish Ihe hne with the
fum at hi* di-po^al. I know noihujg j>ut great fjpc&sjyjy
will cause him fo ask for .i f urihi-r miih ? have traveled
1 *mn'an<* know him to bo an energetic, persevering
officer. Any a .-isiance lie may a.sk at the hands of Cw-
giess, ] hope >ou mny feel yourself authorized to grant
him. Very let-puctfully, yours,
ri , n ^ WILLIAM PELHAM.
Hon. A. B. Greenwood.
Mr. LETCHER. I insist upon my point of
order.
Mr. DISNEY. What is it?
Mr. LETCHER. It is stated distinctly in the
communication just read, that it is an increase of
salary of the surveyor general from |>3,00l) to
$4,500.
• Mr. DISNEY". I dicl not offer an amendment
to increase the salary of the surveyor general.
Mr. LtarcilBR. You offered an amendment
to rover that amount.
Mr. DISNEY. I have offered an amendment
to furnish an additional sum of money for the gen- *
eral contingencies of the office, covering clerk'hire,
&c.
Mr. LETCHER. And so forth!
Mr. DISNEY. It is not to increase the salary
of the surveyor general.
Mr. LETCHER. That is the amount stated
in the paper which has just been read; and is it
not the same amount stated in the gentleman's
amendment?
Mr. DISNEY. The letter says §4 500 for the
salary of the surveyor general. I have offered
the amendment for the contingencies of the office,
and have said nothing in my amendment about ihe
compensation of the surveyor general.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio it his amendment is not to increase
the sum to $I4,f>00f
Mr. DISNEY. That is the amount.
Mr. JONES. Well, Mr. Chairman, I submit
the additional question of order to the Chair, that
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Ohio proposes to create anew office, and therefore
is not in order.
Mr. DISNEY. The office exists now; and it
does not propose to create a new office.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state,
that if the amendmsnt proposes to alter any sala-
ries which are now fixed by law, or to increase
the number of any employees now existing by
law, it would not be considered by him to be in
order. But the Chair has not yet perceived either
of I hese things in the amendment. The gentleman
from Ohio has offered the amendment for an ap-
propriation necessary to carry out a contingency.
Whether it is so or not, may, perhaps, (^devel-
oped by a discussion upon the merits. The Chair,
under present circumstances, declines to rule the
amendment out of order.
Mr. DISNEY. Now, I say that the law cre-
ating the office of surveyor general does not
specify the number of clerks that shall be employed.
It does not specify their salaries.
Mr. SOLLER3. I rise to a question of order.
Ihe CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that the question is upon the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Ohio. The Chyirhas ruled
that amendment in order, and from that, decision
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] takes
an appeal.
Mr. JONES. No, sir, I no not.
The CHAIRMAN". No appeal being taken,
then, the Chair decides that debate upon the merits
of the proposition is in order. If the gentleman
from Ohio is debating the merits of his amend-
ment, he will proceed.
Mr. DISNEY. I only desire to say a word or
two, for the purpose of correcting some impres-
sions which, I fear, have seized upon the minds
of the members of the committee.
It is true the surveyor general asked for an in-
crease of compensation. It is true the C  mmis~
sioner of the General Land Office recommended
that increase; but it is likewise true that I have for-
borne to ask it. There is an end of that, and the
question of increase of compensation is not before
the committee.
Now, the law creating the office of surveyoy
general of New Mexico, contains a general pro-
vision for contingencies, for the payment of clerk
hire, &c., and not specifying the number of em-
ployees who shall be engaged; but limiting only
the amount of money which shall be employed for
such purpose. Now, sir, it has been found, by
