844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
actual experiment in this case, that the sum of
money heretofore appropriated for that purpose
has not been sufficient to employ a force of clerks
adequate to the performance of the labors of the
office. They cannot get along without a translator
of the Spanish language; and to give them such a
translator is not only proper, but necessary—a
necessity not to be avoided or escaped. You must
have an individual employed in that capacity.
The Committee on Public Lands recommend to
the House, in the amendment which I have sub-
mitted, that there be allowed the sum of §14,000
for the general contingent expenses of the office,
neither increasing the salaries of the clerks, nor
enlarging or diminishing the number of employees
of the office, but simply placing that sum of money
at the disposal of the surveyor general, that he
may thereby be enabled to execute the duties
which the law has imposed upon him.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Chair has
decided this amendment to be in order, but 1 think
the committee should reject it, because of its want-
ing the character of a specific appropriation. It
noses to increase the appropriation contained
e bill from §7,500 to §14,000, for the purpose
of enabling the surveyor general to employ clerks,
&c. Now, if you give him that additional amount
of $7,000, it seems to me you give him authority
to fix the compensation, and under that authority
he may give the clerks any amount of salary he,
for any reason, may think proper. Under that
authority also, he may fix the salary of the trans-
lator of the Spanish language. That, I think, is
the creation of a new office, and as such, an
amendment for that purpose ought not to be con-
sidered as in order to this bill.
But, if we are going to authorize the surveyor
genera! to employ additisnal clerks, let us fix the
compensation, and say what it shall be, and not
leave it to the surveyor general to employ whom
lie pleases, and at what compensation he pleases.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think it proper that I
should say a word at this point of the discussion.
The gentleman from Ohio presents estimates from
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
covering this case. 1 confess it presents itself to
my mind as a singular proceeding. It is bad
enough for the heads of Departments to send esti-
mates in this irregular manner to either House.
This case is even stronger; the head of a bureau
sends estimates, not to the House, where they
would be printed and accessible to the members,
but sends them to a committee, and they are never
heard of by the balance of us until they are pre-
sented in debate. This is not as it should be.
Estimates are treated as very common and unim-
portant things in this age of progress. True, the
Secretary of the Treasury sends to the two Houses
at the beginning of the session his estimates, not
only for his own, but embracing all of the other
departments, purporting to contain all the neces-
sary estimates for a year's service; they are
printed, and constitute a part of the public docu-
ments, and the casual reader might suppose no
more was asked from Congress; this, I regret to
say, is a total mistake. The estimates presented
at the first part of a session, of late years, serve
more as a blind to mislead and deceive the public,
than as an indication of the amount of money
which may be called for. I have those regular
estimates before me: the Secretary of the Interior
asks for the item in question, §7,000, and no
more; the Committee of Ways and Means give
the amount in their bill, now before us; but, in-
stead of that being all that is wanted, I find that
the Commissioner of the General Land Office calls
for §18,500, or §11,500 more than the sum esti-
mated by the Secretary of the Interior—he asks,
for the very same object, more than double the
amount found in the regular estimates. These
last estimates not being printed, the members gen-
erally are not only deprived of a fair opportunity
of seeing them, but they will never constitute any
portion of the documents of the House. I repeat,
this is wrong, and I think its practice should be
discontinued. The House should promptly put
a stop to it. It is due to ourselves, as well as the
public service, that estimates should reach us
through the proper channel, and be printed.
At the commencement of this session, the Pres-
ident of the United States, in his annual message,
stated that Congress had appropriated at its pre-
ceding session about §20,000,000 more than were
estimated for. I have no doubt the President
made that statement fully satisfied that it was
correct. Of course he could not have examined
these things personally. No sane man would
expect it of him; he doubtless took the statement
of others, whose duty it is to examine into and
understand more fully the details of such things,
and they, from some cause or other, misled him.
Whether they knew better is not for me to say,
be that, however, as it may, I feel it due to myself,
as one of the members of this House, to say that
it is a very wide mistake, unquestionably an error.
If the President refers to the regular estimates
which were printed and laid upon our tables, then
he may be very nearly correct—not otherwise.
Who does not remember the frequent occasions,
at the last session, when items of appropriation
were being resisted and the member interested
would deliberately draw from his pockets esti-
mates from the Secretary of the Treasury cov-
ering the precise case, estimates which had not
been seen by the other members, and, of course, of
which we would be entirely ignorant until drawn
forth for use. They answered their purpose, and
now where are they? They were not printed—
they are not to be found in the documents—and
if the Secretary should deny that he ever sent
them, or that they were not estimates, how could
you establish the fact? Not at all. Let us, then,
have no more of such irregular intercourse with
the Departments. Let their estimates reach us in
the regular mode, so that they will be printed for
use, giving every member an opportunity to inspect
them, and also making them constitute a part of
the documents of the House. I have received
such estimates this session, but in every instance
where I have been able to get the consent of the
House, I have obtained an order to have them
printed, and I have but few cases now in my
hands where the House has not made an order to
print. I think the practice likely to lead to evil,
and hope the House will promptly put it down.
Mr. LETCHER. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, as a proviso:
Provided, That no clerk dow in office shall receive a sum
greater tli;in that allowed under the law to a clerk of the
same giade.
Mr. Chairman, I offer the amendment for the
express purpose of ascertaining what is the sense
of the committee in regard to the surveyor gen-
eral's office. I think that every one must have
come to the conclusion, from the papers which
have been read at the Clerk's desk, that the de-
sign is to give to the surveyor general a discre-
tion to increase the salaries of officers under him;
and next to give him power to employ a trans-
lator of the Spanish language, and to assign to
him such compensation as he chooses. Now, sir,
Congress has fixed this compensation.
Mr. DISNEY. Where has it fixed it?
Mr. LETCHER. I suppose the Secretary had
it in view when he sent in an estimate of §7,000.
Mr. DISNEY. There is no law fixing the
compensation of any clerk in any surveyor gen-
eral s office.
Mr. LETCHER. Here is an officer of the
Government who sends in a recommendation for
the appropriation of a certain amount as necessary
to meet the expenses of the surveyor general's
office. How did he get it, I aak the gentleman
from Ohio ?
Mr. DISNEY. By reference to the action of
Congress at its last session.
Mr. LETCHER. Precisely. Then there must
have been some action of Congress which fixed this
matter, to enable him to make his recommendation.
Mr. HOUSTON. Here is the law, if the gen-
tleman will allow me to read it.
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly.
Mr. HOUSTON. Speaking of the surveyor
general, it says that " he shall have proper allow-
ances for clerk hire, rent, and fuel, not exceeding
what now is, or hereafter may be, allowed by
law to said surveyor general of Oregon; and he
shall locate his office from time to time," &c. If
the gentleman from Virginia will turn over to the
next page in the bill, he will find an item intended
to cover this very thing which the gentleman from
Ohio has presented. 1 call the attention of the
committee to it. It is in these words:
" For compensation of clerks m the offices of the sur-
veyors general, to be apportioned to them according to the
exigencies of the public service, and to be employed in
transcribing field-notes of surveys ibr the purpose of pre-
serving them at the sea't of Government; $31;(Wb."
That is intended as a sort of general fund, to be
under the control of the Department here, for the
purpose of being apportioned to the surveyors
general in their various localities whenever a defi-
ciency is about to take place in their service. For
instance: if the amount apportioned to the sur-
veyor general in Oregon at this season is not
enough, and the fact is made apparent to the De-
partment here, then that Department can take for
it, of this §01,000, more than the portion belong-
ing to that office,, in order to make up the defi-
ciency. So with all the other offices. That is the
object of the item.
Mr. HENN. With the gentleman's permis-
sion I will have the eighth section of the law read.
It shows the duties of the surveyor general.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Sec. 8. Jln&be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the surveyor general, under such instructions as
may be given by the Secretary ofthe Interior, to ascertain tbe
origin, nature, character, and extent of ail claims to lands
under the laws, usages, and customs of Spain and Mexico;
and for this purpose may issue notices, summon witnesses,
administer oaths, and do and perform all other necessary
acts in the premises. He shall make a full report on all
such claims as originated before the cession of the Territory
to the United States by the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, of
1848, denoting tile various grades of title, with his decision
as to the validity or invalidity of each of the same under the
laws, usages, and customs of the country before its cession
to the United States; and shall also make a report in regard
to all the Pueblos existing in the Territory, showing the
extent and locality of each, stating the number of inhab-
itants in the said Pueblos, respectively, and the nature of
their titles to the land. Such report to be made according
to the form which may be prescribed by the Secretary of
the Interior; which report shall be laid before Congress for
such action thereon as may be deemed just and proper, with
a view to confirm bona fide grants, and give ful I effect to the
treaty of 1848 between the United States and Mexico; and,
until the final action of Congress on such claims, all lands
covered thereby shall be reserved from sale or other disposal
by the Government, and shall not be subject to the dpna-
10ns granted by the previous provisions of this act.
Mr. HENN. The gentleman will now see the
necessity for a translator of the Spanish language.
Mr. LETCHER. Why did you not offer a
proposition for a translator ? Why come here and
offer a proposition, not only to createa translator,
but to increase the amount from §7,000 to §14,500,
more than double. The translation here is not for
a translation of the language, but for a transla-
tion which shall result in putting more money in
their pockets from the Treasury. That is the
sort of translation which is covered.
When these duties were all prescribed in the
section of the law which the gentleman has had
read, the surveyor general of New Mexico knew
all about it. He took the office knowing precisely
what his duties were. There was a fair contract
between him and the Government in regard to it;
and until he comes forward and satisfies the
House, or at least satisfies the proper Department
at the other end of the avenue, that there ought to
be an increase, and it sends it in as it sends in its
other estimates for the government of the body,
my own impression is that it ought not to be
allowed.
One other remark in connection with the sugges-
tion thrown out by my friend from Alabama.
We had these pocket estimates here last year on
the custom-houses and other things. Nobody
knew they were in existence until some attack
was made upon the measures, when these pocket
recommendations were brought out; and in that
way the measures were carried through the body.
Here are recommendations published, estimates in
full, and when these matters come up, instead of
being governed by them, gentlemen come at us
again with these pocket recommendations. I hope
we shall confine them to the estimates, or, at least,
wait for a better reason for departing from them
than that furnished in this instance. When the
Department says that §7,000 is enough, we should
not undertake to double the amount, and go even
§500 beyond that.
Mr. DISNEY. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
from Alabama seems to object and think it a little
strange that the Commissioner of the General
Land Office should at any time vary from the
original estimates which he presented to the
House, or to the committee of which that gentle-
man is chairman. Permit me to suggest that the
variation may be accounted for in a very natural
way. At the time the estimatespossessed by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and to which healluded in his remarks, were made
out, the Commissioner of the General Land Office
was not aware of the facts subsequently eonmm-
