1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
845
nicated to him, which facts led to the change in
his opinion in regard to the amount that ought to
be allowed. This explanation is natural, and
such are the facts in the case, as I understand
them.
One word about this tirade upon pocket recom-
mendations, which was started by the gentleman
from Alabama, and caught up and reechoed by the
gentleman from Virginia. What do you mean
by it ?
Mr. LETCHER. I mean exactly this by the
expression "pocket estimates," that these esti-
mates are not sent into the House by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, or by the head of a Depart-
ment, but by a subordinate, and that they are kept
in the pockets of individual members, or in the
hands of committees of the House, until they are
presented here for our action.
Mr. DISNEY. Sir, the phrase " pocket esti-
mates " has been bandied about from lip to lip in
this House. We have heard here that this amend-
ment for the surveyor general's office has been
introduced here improperly, and that the estimates
are not properly before the House. Sir, I do not
choose to sit here and hear such charges made. I
say distinctly to this committee that for one, while
I concede to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and to its very respectable and distinguished chair-
man, all the consideration which of right properly
belongs to them, yet, sir, as the chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands, at the same time, I
shall claim for the committee over which I have
the honor to preside the same consideration; and
when the head of a bureau, acting in the discharge
of his duty as an officer of this Government, shall
intrust to me, as the chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands, estimates or recommendations, as
has been done in this case, and call my attention
to them, when they belong properly and legiti-
mately to subjects of which that committee have
charge, I shall present them to the committee, and
shall also take the liberty of presenting them be-
fore this Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to say to the gentle-
man from Ohio that, in my remarks, I did not
intend to reflect upon him, upon his committee,
nor upon any other committee of this House, for
acting upon estimates submitted to them. I spoke
only of the irregular manner in which these esti-
mates, from the Departments and from bureaus,
were being introduced into this House. That was
my complaint; and I complained that these esti-
mates were kept from the knowledge of the House
until the matter to which they alluded came up for
consideration. Whenever any supplemental esti-
mates have been sent to the Committee of Ways
and Means, I have endeavored to get the floor on
the first opportunity, and ask the consent of the
House to have them printed. And with two or
three exceptions, I have succeeded in getting such
estimates printed, and they have gone among the
documents of the House.
Sir, my complaint is, not that these estimates
Wve gone to an improper committee. I have
never claimed for the Committee of Ways and
Means the right to take charge of them over that
of the Committee on Public. Lands. But, sir, i do
claim that the House of Representatives, and all
the members of the House, have as much right to
know what these estimates are as any standing
committee of the House. That is what I claim;
and not that the Committee of Ways and Means
have any more right to them than the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. DISNEY. I am perfectly satisfied with
the explanation given by the chairman of the
Ways and Means; and now I think I can satisfy
the gentleman from Alabama and this commit-
tee, that these estimates did come before our com-
mittee in a perfectly proper and legitimate form.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office had
not the information upon which to make his re-
port when his annual estimates were submitted at
the commencement of the present session of Con-
gress. My colleague upon the Committee on Pub-
he Lands—the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Henn]
—has just called my attention to a paragraph in
the report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, submitted on the 9th of December
last, in which he says that he is unable to submit
estimates m full for the Territories of Washington
and Oregon, for the reason that he has not re-
ceived information from the surveyors general of
those Territories.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is all very true; but
the estimates to which the Commissioner there
alludes have been sent in long ago, and they either
are included in the bill, or will be offered as an
amendment to it. I think they are already in the
bill. They have been received by the House, and
printed by the order of the House, and the appro-
priations contained in the bill will be found to cover
every item set forth by him.
Mr. DISNEY. I will say to the gentleman
from Alabama, and the committee, that the inform-
ation received by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, upon which this case is predicated,
was received by him subsequent to the presenta-
tion of the estimates to which the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means has alluded.
But, sir, enough upon that subject; and now a
word upon the merits of the amendment. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] and the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] objected
to this amendment upon its merits, because they
say it is increasing the compensation of clerks in
the surveyor general's office beyond the amount
allowed by existing law. Now, sir, allow me to
say that the compensation to the clerks allowed
to surveyors general is not fixed by law in any
case. The practice has been to make an appro-
priation of a specific sum. That sum is placed
at the disposal of a designated officer, and to be
expended by him for the object set forth in the
appropriation. So in this case the amount is esti-
mated at §7,000, to be disbursed for the objects set
forth in the appropriation—$7,000, if that is all
the House will allow, or $14,000 if the flouse
will allow that amount.
I repeat, sir, that the gentlemen were under an
entire misapprehension, when they talked about
increasing the compensation allowed by law to
these clerks. I say there is no positive compen-
sation for these clerks, and no objection can be
properly urged upon that ground. It is simply
to increase the amount allowed to the surveyor
general, to be expended, at his discretion, for the
purposes designated. And the facts disclosed by
the Commissioner of Public Lands, and by the
papers which have just now been read at the
Clerk's desk, show conclusively that there is very
great propriety in making the increase which the
Committee on Public Lands have recommended.
I am reminded by the gentleman from Arkan-
sas [Mr. Greenwood] that this report from the
surveyor general of New Mexico was not re- j
ceived until some time after the commencement of '
the present session, and, therefore, could not have
been included in the annual report of the Commis-
sioner.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I will simply say that
this report was received by the House and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands some-
time after the commencement of the present ses-
sion of Congress, and, therefore, could not have
been embraced in the estimates which were referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and which
were mentioned by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston.]
Mr. HOUSTON". The gentleman from Ar-
kansas is, I think, unquestionably wrong in this.
The estimates of which he speaks did not have to
come from the surveyor general at all. They are
submitted by the General Land Office. And in
reference to the information to which the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office refers in his
communication of the 9th of September, as not
having been received, it was received before his
supplemental estimates were presented to the
House, which have been printed; so that those
estimates could not have been based upon the in-
formation to which the Commissioner alludes in
that communication.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I will state that these
estimates have been received since the additional
estimates to which thegentleman refers were trans-
mitted to the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I take it the gentleman
from Arkansas is mistaken if he supposes these
estimates were founded upon information received
by the Commissioner of the General Land Office
since the transmission to the House of the supple-
mental estimates which have been printed, for the
reason that the information derived from these
surveyors general had been received at the Depart-
ment when these estimates were sent in.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Letch-
er^s amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Disney's
amendment.
Mr. GREENWOOD demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. MURRAY. I am instructed by the Joint
Committee on Printing to offer the following
amendment, to come in after the clause for the
payment of the Superintendent of Public Printing
and his clerks:
After the line four hundred and sixty-five, in-
sert as follows:
And the Superintendent, and the clerks and messenger
in his office, shall be entitled to, and shall receive, the bene-
fits of the joint resolution approved J illy 20, 1854, fixing the
compensation of the legislative employees of tile Govern-
ment, in the same manner and to the same extent as officers
of the same grade in the legislative department.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
That is intended to include these officers in the
twenty per centum joint resolution, which wa3
passed last session, and which the proper authori-
ties have decided does not embrace them. It is
intended, by this amendment, to amend that law
so as to make it embrace them. It will be remem-
bered that, during the last session, at the instance
of a gentleman from Tenneesee, a joint resolution
passed this House by a very large majority de-
claring that that law did not embrace these officers.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
point of order is well taken, and that the amend-
ment is not in order.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I appeal from
the decision of the Chair, and I wish simply to
say that the only question involved in this matter
is, do these clerks, and the officer at the head of
them, belong to the legislative or to the executive
department of the Government. Now, I under-
stand that, when an act of Congress was passed, a
short time ago, for the benefit of the clerks in the
executive department of the Government, these
clerks were excluded from the operation of that
act, because they came under no one of the class-
ifications into which those clerks were arranged.
Now, when the act of July 20, 1854, was passed,
giving twenty per centum to all the clerks, mes-
sengers, and employees of the legislative depart-
ment, the same Treasury Department which had
decided that these men were not executive officers,
decided that they did not come within the pro-
visions of that law. Sir, they are as completely
under the control of this House as any of the
officers belonging to the legislative department are
and they are so intimately connected with our
operations here, that I cannot conceive how such
an idea could for a moment enter into the mind of
any sensible man, as that they are not officers
belonging to the legislative department. If they
are, they come under the provisions of the law of
July, 1854, and have been improperly excluded,
from the benefits of it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. i would inquire of the
gentleman whether the salaries at present re-
ceived by the Superintendent of Printing and hia
employees were not fixed about a year ago?
Mr. STANTON. I believe so.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Do they, therefore, stand
on the same footing as those whose salaries were
fixed many years ago, and who were intended to
be benefited by our late legislation ?
Mr. STANTON. I do not know anything
about that.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Does not the gentleman
remember that, at the time the compensation of
these officers was fixed, it was the general under-
standing that it was to remain at that rate?
Mr. STANTON. I do not recollect that at all.
I know this fact: that he gets less, money than
any head of a bureau belonging to this Govern-
ment, and that his clerks do three times as much
work and are less paid than the messengers who
attend upon this House.
Mr. STRATTON. It will be recollected by
the House that, before the adoption of the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee, an amend-
ment was offered by a gentleman from Connec-
ticut, and adopted by a large majority, that the
Superintendent of Public Printing and his clerka
were not included in the resolution fixing the
compensation of the employees in the legislative
department.
Mr. PRATT. Do I understand that the Chair
rules that amendment out of order ?
