840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair rules it out of
order.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the Chair will be sus-
tained, because, if the gentleman who is at the
head of that bureau is not satisfied with his salary,
plenty of better men can be got to fill his place.
He now rides about m a carriage with a pair of
horses that must have cost $1,500.
Mr. FLORENCE. What has that to do with
the question ?
Mr. PRATT. It has nothing to do with the
question, I admit; butthere is no propriety in rais-
ing these salaries.
Mr. FLORENCE. I apprehend that the ques-
tion submitted here, is not one of a personal char-
acter. It is, whether the additional compensation
shall be given to all the officers of the executive
and legislative departments, or whether distinc-
tions shall be made among them? That is the
question. Now, I have before me an amendment
which I intend to offer during the discussion upon
this bill.
I call the gentleman from
What is before the com-
I am before the commit-
Mr. HAMILTON.
Pennsylvania to order.
mittee ?
Mr. FLORENCE.
tee. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair was going to
remind the gentleman from Pennsylvania that his
remarks were taking too wide a range.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am debating the question
of order. Mygood natured friend from Maryland,
by whom I am always very willing to be corrected,
is not always so very correct when he attempts to
call others to order, and I think that is the case
now. 1 was going on to say, when I was inter-
rupted, that I have before me an amendment that
I intend to offer during the morning, of a similar
character to this 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must suggest
to the gentleman, as thequestion of order has been
raised, the necessity of restricting his remarks to
the question of order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I was just getting to the
point of order. I was going to say that while it
js exceedingly fortunate for the clerks in any of
the Departments of the Government to earn suffi-
cient to be able to ride in their carriages 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out of
order. The question now being, " Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee ?"
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence,
and Jones of Louisiana, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes 93, noes 31.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I have an
amendment which I desire Lo oiler at this part of
the bill.
At the end of line four hundred and sixty-five,
add the following:
And said superintendent, clerk"!, and messengers are
employees in the legislative department, and subject to the
control of Congress.
The one great object, Mr. Chairman, which 1
desire to have accomplished is 
Mr. BRIDGES, (interrupting.) I submit, Mr.
Chairman, that that amendment is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is precisely the same
question as has been just disposed of, and ruled
out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky is not in order.
Mr. STANTON. Then, Mr. Chairman, I
appeal from the decision of the Chair; and I take
an appeal simply for the purpose of saying to the
House this: that the object of that amendment is
to settle the vexed question, which I believe can-
not be settled in any other way—to settle the
conflict between the Treasury Department and
the committee, which, by the law of Congress, is
clothed with power over the superintendent and
his clerks. A conflict has arisen in reference to
the character of these officers, and the decision of
the committee is sometimes reversed by the heads
of Departments, and others, while the sole power
of control is given by law to the committee of the
two Houses of Congress. This is one of the
cases where the'Treasury Department has decided
that these men saro properly executive officers,
and not legislative officers; and in matters of
printing directed to be done by Congress, through
his agency and instrumentality, we have the De-
partment undertaking sometimes to nullify and
set aside decisions, which, under the law, they
have no right to do. Where questions of this
kind arise, the law provides that they shall be
submitted to the Committee on Printing; and it is
in consequence of that conflict, that I ask the
House to settle the question, whether these men
are to be regarded as legislative or as executive
officers.
Mr. HOUSTON. There has been no question
of business yet where this conflict has grown up
or intervened between the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and the Committee on Printing. None at all,
and I appeal to my friend from Kentucky, if he
believes the sense of the committee to be against
him, to let us go on with the bill.
Mr. STANTON. I have no desire, Mr. Chair-
man, to consume the time of the committee, orto
throw any obstacle in the way of the passage of
this bill. Cut 1 have to correctthegentleman from
Alabama in one thing he says. He states that no
conflict has yet arisen in relation to business. In
that he is in error. No conflict has arisen in ref-
erence to the printing of Congress; but conflicts
have arisen in reference to certain descriptions and
classes of printing ordered to be done under the
direction of the Department.
Mr. HOUSTON. That does not grow out of
the question at all. It has no relativeness to the
question of the gentleman's amendment. And I
appeal to the gentleman to withdraw his amend-
ment. Here is the day almost expired, and we
have not progressed ten pages in a bill of over fifty
pages. Now I hope that when the committee ex-
presses its sentiment as being for or against this
thing, thegentleman will acquiesce in that opinion,
and let us proceed with the business.
Mr. STANTON. Very well; to save time, I
withdraw my appeal.
Mr. WASI1RURNE, of Illinois. I move to
insert at the end of the four hundred and ninety-
seventh line the following:
For continuing the improvements of the "Rock Tsland
and Des Moines Rapids, in the Mississippi nver, ^20.1.000,
to be expended under the direction ot tlie Secietaiy of
\V ai.
Mr. HAMILTON. That amendment is clearly
out of order.
The CHAIRMAN, ft is theimpression of the
Chair that the amendment is out of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Upon what ground?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Illinois appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do appeal; and I
would like to know of the Chair the difference be-
tween this amendmentand the amendment offered
by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Cuaige,] in regard to finishing one of the public
buildings here?
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman can find a
very ready reply to his question. That is such
an item as always goes into the civil and diplo-
matic bill, but the item which the gentleman intro-
duces here goes into a bill by itself, and never
does go into a civil and diplomatic bill. It is not
an item germane to this bill, and therefore I make
the point of order that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois is not in order, and I presume
that the gentleman will not press the question any
further.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It is an item which
should go into this appropriation bill.
_Mr. HOUSTON. Then the gentleman has
discovered that which preceding Congresses did
not believe.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I am not satisfied with
the statement made by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, and I do not understand the distinction
which he has made between the amendment I
have offered and the amendment of the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Craige,] which pro-
vided for an appropriation of $300,000 to continue .
the construction of the Treasury Building. The
point of order was made upon that amendment,
that it could not properly come in, but the Chair
decided that if the work had been commenced, it
was properly in order. The work in regard to
which I have offered an amendment is art improve-
ment already commenced, as was that in regard
to which the gentleman from North Carolina
offered his amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman seems not
to have discovered the distinction between the
two cases. Suppose the amendment had been
to provide for a continuation of a fortification.
All the fortifications upon your coast in every
direction have been already commenced. But
woulo it therefore be in order to offer an amend-
ment to this bill to continue the work on any one
of these fortifications? Clearly not, because it
would not be germane to the bill. It would be
just precisely the case if you were to offer to this
bill an amendment making an appropriation for
the pay and subsistence of the regular Army for
building a steam frigate or any other work of the
kind. 1 say, then, that the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois is not germane to the bill.
Mr. WASHBUR.NE. The matters to which
the gentleman from Alabama alludes, properly be-
long to other bills. This is the civil and diplo-
matic bill. An amendment in regard to a contin-
uation of the improvement of a fortress would, of
course, belong to a military appropriation bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois belongs to the internal im-
provement bill, and amendments of the character
of that now proposed have never been introduced
in any other bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman from
Alabama says that my amendment belongs to the
river and harbor bill. We have no river and
harbor bills; they are stricken down by the Ex-
ecutive 
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The part of the bill under
consideration provides for appropriations for the
War Department. The gentleman from Illinois
offers an amendment providing for an appropria-
tion for continuing the improvement of the Des
Moines rapids.
Mr. WASHBURNE. To be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of War.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair that makes no difference, and the Chair
decides the amendment to be already out of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. From that decision I
appeal.
Mr. ORE,. I would like to have the title of the
bill we are considering read.
The CHAIRMAN. Unless there be objection
it will be read.
A Member objected.
Mr. ORR. But I will read it as a part of my
speech: "A bill making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1856, and for
other purposes." Is the appropriation proposed
by the gentleman from Illinois for civil or diplo-
matic purposes?
Mr. WASHBURNE. It comes in under the
" other purposes."
The question now being, on the appeal, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the committee?"
Mr. WASHBURNE demanded tellers; which
were ordered, and Messrs. Jones, of Louisiana,
and Lyon were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 87, noes 42.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. CHANDLER. I offer the following
amendment, to come in after the five hundred and
seventy-sixth line:
Provided, That the compensation of the Chiefs of the
Bureau of Construction, Equipment, and Repair, and of
Medicine and fc>urgery, be the as now allowed to the
other Chiefs of Bureaus of the Navy Department; and tl^at
the deficiency be paid out of any raoue\ in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. That amendment is not in order to
the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is not in order, on the ground that
the salaries of the clerks mentioned in it are fixed
by law, and the amendment would change the
law.
Mr. CHANDLKR. Does the Chair rule the
amendment out of order?
The CHAIRMAN. He does.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, I agree with the
Chair. [Laughter.]
Mr. rIENN. I wish to ask the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means if the twenty
per cent, additional compensation allowed to the
