1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
clerks in the executive departments, by a law of
last Congress, is included in these appropriations
for payment of the clerks in the Navy Depart-
ment?
Mr. HOUSTON. It is.
Mr. HENN. 1 wantto know by what author-
ity the gentleman put it in ?
Mr. HOUSTON. By authority of law.
Mr. HENN. But I wish to say that the law
is as follows:
" Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued ad making an appropriation for any purpose beyond
tlie 30th ot June, 1854."
As I understood the law when it was passed, it
was only intended to increase the compensation
twenty per cent, for that year, and not for this.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand the
gentleman refers to thejointresolution which was
passed during the last Congress. The proviso to
which the gentleman refers was put into that bill
upon my motion, and it was not intended, as it
was declared at the time, to limit the period for
which ihe compensation should be increased, but
merely to prevent the appropriation from being a
continuing one.
Mr. HENN. I understood the gentleman di-
rectly the reverse of that.
Mr. JONES. No, sir; the gentleman misun-
derstood me, and if he will look to the debates in
the Congressional Globe, he will find that it was
not intended to limit the time for which the com-
pensation was increased, but merely to limit the
appropriation for the period specified in that act,
so that we might have the estimates submitted at
each session, and the appropriation made for each
fiscal year.
Mr. KE1TT. I am authorized by the Com-,
mutee on Public Buildings to offer the following
amendment, to come in after the six hundred and
fifteenth line, among the appropriations for the
Post Office Department:
For the enlargpmcntof the Po«t Office Building $300,000,
to lie expended under the direction of the Prexidont ot the
United States, according to the plan submitted by Thomas
U. Walter to the Posirna&ter General, and approved by the
committees of the Senate and Ilou^e of Representatives
at the present session of Congress.
I mean to say only this in explanation of the
amendment I have offered. The proper Depart-
ment has sent in this estimate, with the statement
that the Post Office Building is utterly insufficient
for the accommodation of the business of the
country.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I submit to
the Chair that the amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is m order, upon thesamegrcund that
he yesterday ruled an amendment for continuing
the construction of the Treasury Building m order.
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal fiom that decision
of the Chair.
Mr. KEITT. I ask the gentleman from Geor-
gia to withdraw his point until 1 make a short
explanation of the amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 withdraw it.
Mr. KEITT. Mr Chairman,information has
been sent to both Houses that the accommodations
of the Post Office Building are entirely insufficient
for the postal business of the country. The com-
mittee of the Senate unanimously reported a bill
for the purpose set forth m my amendment. The
committee of this House unanimously reported a
like bill. We wanted to present the matter for
the action of the House in a bill, but have been
unable to do so. We now endeavor to cany it
through in this way, I believe that the Senate
unanimously passed a bill to carry out the object
designed.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I offer the
following amendment to the amendment:
Profiled, The work shall he executed by such civil archi-
tect as the President may appoint.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from South Carolina. The
phraseology of his amendment is not the same as
that of the one offered yesterday in regard to the
Treasury Budding. This, I understand, like that,
provides for the continuation of a building already
commenced.
Mr. KEITT. Certainly. I will modify my
amendment as suggested.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. In reference
to my amendment 1 have a single word to say.
It is well known that the present Treasury Build-
ing as well as the Post Office Building were de-
signed, and the work, so far as it has gone,
executed by an architect who is a resident of this
city.
Mr. KEITT. Who?
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Robert Mills. I believe
that he is a native of South Carolina. Now, it
would be very proper that the work on these build-
ings should be carried out by the same mind which
originated the plans upon which they are con-
structed. However, that will be a matter for the
Executive of the country to determine. But
when we are increasing the Army, and when it
is necessary that the officers of the Army should
be engaged in their proper employment, it seems
to me to be altogether improper that there works,
and all works of a similar character, should be
put under military men. Therefore it is that I
have proposed the amendment, and I hope that it
may be adopted.
Mr. KEITT. The gentleman from Tennessee
made an allusion to Mr. Mills, and said that he
was from South Carolina. That is so. He is a
gentleman of reputation for high scientific ability.
The gentleman, however, does not say, in his
amendment, that Mr. Mills is to be the architect.
What really is the amendment.' That this build-
ing shall be completed according to a plan sug-
gested by Mr. Walter, under the superintendence
of the President. I do not know that it is neces-
sary that any architect shall be employed. Neither
the President nor any Department has called upon
us for the appointment of an architect; and until
a demand is made from some Department for an
officer to carry out anything I am unwilling to
appoint any. I leave this to the President. I
have no idea that the President intends appoint-
ing any military man, if he does appoint. When
the President says that he wants an architect ap-
pointed, then the amendment of the member from
Tennessee may be properly considered. Under
the circumstances I do not see any necessity for
it whatever.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I beg to say
to the gentleman that I have not proposed the ap-
pointment of any individual. 1 mentioned the |
fact that the plans of the Treasury Building and
of the Post Office Building were the designs of |
Mr. Mills. I mentioned that fact because 1 under-
stood that yesterday somebody said, in debate, it
was unknown who was the author of these plans.
I did so, not with any expectation or design that
Mr. Mills should be appointed by any action of
this House, because that is impossible under the
Constitution.
Mr. ORAiOrE. The object of the gentleman
from Tennessee will be accomplished by the
amendment already offered. Mr. Walters sub-
mitted a plan which has been approved by the
Senate committee, and that body passed a bill to
carry it out. We have had the bill before our
committee and would have reported it some time
ago, if we had had the opportunity of doing so.
Mr. STANTON. I will suggest to the gentle-
man from North Carolina, that my proposition
makes that certain, which he says will probably
be carried out by the amendment as it is. My
amendment proposes that the work shall be done
by a civil architect, and that excludes the proba-
bility of its l>ein,9r done by a military engineer.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Mr. Chair-
man, I desire to say a few words m favor of the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Stanton.] When the present Ad-
ministration came into power, the public works
of this character in the city of Washington were
very properly under the direction of the Depart-
ment of the Interior. Some, I believe, were there
! by express direction of law, and others, perhaps,
! by older of the President. When, however, the
i new Administration became installed, such as
i could be transferred without interference with the
rights of contractors were placed under the War
Department. The Patent Office, the Capitol ex-
1 tension, and, I believe, one or more bridges m the
j course of construction, or to be constructed, were
i ordered to be taken from civil control, and placed
■ under the management of military officers. In
regard to the Patent Office, it wus, I believe, as-
certained that such a transfer would affect the
| rights of certain contractors; and the order, sn
far as that building was concerned, did not go into
I execution. This is the only reason why that
1 structure—one of the very best ever erected by
Government, not only on account of its beautiful
architectural features, but because of the perfection
of the work in all its parts—is not now under the
control of a military officer.
I have always believed, and have repeatedly-
maintained on this fl .or, that the employment of
military officers upon these woiks was not only
an net of gross injustice to the disiinguished civil
architects of the country, but was bad policy in
other respects, and, in one instance, at least, a
gioss violation of law. i allude to the Capitol
extension. The law authorizing that work created
the office of architect, and provided that he should
be appointed by the President. His duty was to
execute the work.
Mr. CRAIGE. I do not want to enter into any
discussion of this vexed question; but it is a fact
known to me, and everybody else, from reports
made to the two Houses of Congress, m regard to
that business, that Congress itself changed the
direction, and left it discretionary with the Pres-
ident to carry it on.
Mr. STANION. I think the idea the gentle-
man means to convey is a mistake. I do not think
the gentleman can point me to any act of Congress,
or any authority given by this body to the Pres-
ident, or any one else, to change the character of
the supervision from civil to military. I intended
to say when interrupted, that, notwithstanding the
law creating the office of archiiect, and its provision
requiring him to be appointed by the President,
the War Department assumes the power of con-
trolling that officer, and has placed over him a
military engineer, who is not only authorized to
perform the duties of architect, but absolutely to
dismiss him from his place, whenever he pleases;
to regulate the whole character and management
of the work; and, in fact, exercise unlimited con-
trol in all matters relating to the structure. This
is a fact which no man can dispute. 1 beg to refer
those who are curious on the subject, or who may
doubt what I have said, to the reports which ac-
company the President's message of the last ses-
sion. They will there see the instructions issued
by the Secietary of War to the engineer, placing
him in charge of the work, and conferring upon
him the extraordinary power of dismissing from
office a civilian, who derived his place from the
appointment of the President, and assigning to the
engineer duties expressly confided to the architect
by authority of law.
The apprehension which I labor under is this:
if we authorize the extension of the Treasury or
Post Office Budding, or provide for the erection of
j any other civil work, if it is not provided in the
law in express terms, that the work shall be exe-
cuted by a civil architect, it will be placed under
the military engineers, and assigned to the control
of the War Department. Sir, it is a reproach to the
character of our Government, that its distinguished
and experienced civil architects are not deemed
capable of constructing our public edifices, or are
thought unworthy of employment in such posi-
tions. I venture to say, sir, that they are equal,
to any in the woild; and I venture further, too; I
do not hesitate to say that there is not a single
engineer belonging to the Army, I care not what
may have been his experience upon military
works, who is capable, without the assistance of
an experienced civil architect, of constructing, as
it should be constructed, any one of our public
edifices. It is a great mistake to suppose, because
these gentlemen acquire a theoretic knowledge of
architecture at West Point, as part of an educa-
tion begun and completed in five years, that,
therefore, they are qualified for the construction
of any edifies, no matter how elaborate or compli-
cated its architectural details. Where have these
officers had the experience necessary to qualify
them for the practical duties of civil architects ?
Not upon your forts and military roads. Surely
works like these afford them no facilities for
learning how to construct such a work as the
Capitol. Sir, even upon your Capitol extension,
with the military engineer, who has had two
years'experience under the best architect in the
world, you cannot dispense with the services of
the architect. The engineer alluded to, I agree,
is a gentleman of fine talents in his profession, of
high character, and great ambition,and has learned
enough in his position at the Capitol to make him,
with more experience, a good civil architect; but
let what may be said of him now, when he first
assumed control of that work, he could no mors
