THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, IJ. C.
33d Congress. 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1855.
New Series....No. 54.
the United States, without suggesting anything as
to the employment of civil or military officers;
and it does not follow, from the mere fact of the
law saying that the accounts of the disbursing
agent shall be settled as the accounts of other civil
officers under the Government, that, therefore, the
contemplation of those who passed that act was,
that it should be placed under civil management.
I take it that there are other instances besides this
in which the accounts of military men have been
settled just in the same way as the accounts of
civil officers are settled.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman will recollect
that the language of the law is this: his accounts
are to be audited and paid in the same manner as
the "accounts of other civil officers" are audited
and paid. Now, what effect has the word " other"
in that relation? Does it not clearly import that
the disbursing agent provided for is to be of the
class referred to of civil officers? How can the
language be tortured so as to mean anything
else ?
Mr. CRAIGE. I and the gentleman differ as
to our construction of the law, and there is this
further difference between us: The Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds were unanimously
of opinion with me, that there had been no usurp-
ation of power on the part of the President, but
that he had a right to select either a military or
civil engineer, at his discretion; while the commit-
tee over which he [Mr. Stanton] presided were
equally divided.
Mr. KEITT. No, sir; you are mistaken. A
large majority of that committee are in favor of
the present mode.
Mr. CRAIGE. Yes; that is so.
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 believe that the discus-
sion which this subject has given rise to in the
House, has done some good, even if it should
proceed no further. We have heard, during this
Congress, frequent complaints made in regard to
officers in charge of public works. We have had
repeated attacks made upon officers who had
charge of the construction of the wings of the Cap-
itol. As early as the fore-part of the last session,
a committee was appointed, of which the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] was made
chairman, and of which i was arnember, to consider
the charges which have been constantly brought
before this House with regard to these officers who
had charge of this work, the national armories,
and various otiier civil works. And at one time
during the last session, so loud was the clamor in
this Hall, in regard to the malconstruction of the
wings of the Capitol, and in regard to the impos-
sibhty of Congess being ever able to do business
in them, that the committee was called together,
at my own suggestion,on purpose to see whether
the work should be permitted to proceed; or
whether the committee should not bring before the
House a proposition to order the work to be sus-
pended until some change should be made. Tnat
committee convened and summoned the architect
before them; and the result of their examination
was—and i think the committee were unanimous
about it, for I never heard anything more from the
chairman—that the work was progressing in the
most skillful, the most scientific, and the best
possible manner.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to correct him? The architect was, on a sin-
gle morning, brought into the committee room,
and informally, without being under oath—but his
word was just as good to me as his oath—he was
examined touching the question of ventilation, and
touching nothing else. I do not recollect that a
single question was asked him save on that sub-
ject. He told us distinctly, in that examination,
that he did not approve the plans of ventilation
which had been adopted by Captain Meigs against
his consent; but that he had prevailed on Captain
Meigs to permit him so to construct the concern,
that, by reversing the action, the atmosphere
would ascend up through the floor, instead of being
brought down through the ceiling.
Mr. DICKINSON. The gentleman says that
the architect employed by Congress was not under
54
oath. Why did not the gentleman place him under
oath ? I undertake to say that all of the commit-
tee, with the exception of himself, were perfectly
satisfied with the statement of the architect. If
the gentleman wanted to elicit more information,
why did he not ask the architect to come again ?
and if he were not satisfied with his answers, why
did he not examine him under oath ?
Mr. STANTON. I will answer the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dickinson.] He knows
as well as I do, that we had just concluded our
labors on a single branch of the investigation.
The session of Congress was just about to expire;
and the committee had no time to enter into the
investigation as to the management. We had not
time to do so. The whole time of our session
was occupied in other portions of the investiga-
tion. That is the reason why I did not call upon
the architect to answer as to the manner of the
management.
At the present session of Congress, when the
committee met, I proposed to enter vigorously
uDon that examination, but the committee seemed
disposed not to sustain me, and, therefore, I
dropped it. I did not want to stand singly and
alone on the question, when it was obvious to me
that the rest of the committee were indisposed to
enter into it. But I was willing to take off my coat
and go to work, so as to show to the country that
the more economical plan of management was not
to place the management under military control, not
to place it in the hands of an engineer officer, who
was never brought up to such business, and who
would take the plans of others and sign his name
to them, and claim the credit of them.
Mr. DICKINSON. I think, Mr. Chairman, the
committee had abundant time, before the close of
the last session of Congress, to make as full an ex-
amination of this matter as could be of any prac-
tical benefit. We had time to make any other in-
quiry which the chairman of that committee might
choose to make of the architect or otherwise. Arid
if the work on these Capitol wings, to be erected
at an expense of some hundreds of thousands of
dollars, was to be continued during the recess of
Congress, and if the chairman of that committee
considered that, when completed, they were to be
unfit for the purposes for which they were intended,
I am astonished that he should undertake to state
to this House, in the presence of all the other
members of that committee, that we had not time
to enlighten them in regard to this great matter,
and to protect the country from an expenditure
which was to be worse than useless, and that he
should not have insisted upon the further and
prompt action of the committee in the exigency.
I do not so recollect the facts as stated by him;
and in regard to the gentleman's taking off his
coat at the commencement of this session, I can
say that we were as ready as he was to examine
engineers, and architects, and everybody who
knew anything about the matter. But we did not
see the necessity of further investigation; and that
is why he says the majority of the committee were
not disposed to go into it. It was not for the
reason which the gentleman assigns, but because
the majority of the committee had become satis-
lied that these charges were a farce, that they were
without foundation, and that the subject had be-
come a perfect monomania with him. The ma-
jority of the committee saw that there was no
foundation in fact for the charges made here, and
reiterated from session to session, and from Con-
gress to Congress, in relation to the manner in
which the public money was expended by these
military officers.
i am prepared to say that there is not a gentle-
man anywhere, who has any knowledge of the
engineer and architect and their plans, who is not
perfectly satisfied with their integrity, their emi-
nent capacity, and the perfect sympathy which
exists between these two officers, and the perfect
cooperation which these gentlemen show in all
these public works. If the amendment be adopted
to construct a Post Office or Treasury Building,
without the amendment to the amendmentoffered
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stan-
ton,] this same engineer and architect may go
hand in hand in the same manner, to construct
them, and the country will have great reason to
feel proud of such eminent professional skill, and
abundantly satisfied with the result of their joint
labors and responsibilities. ■ "«
Mr. CRAIGE. I rise to a question of order.
I think that we have had quite enough of this (dis-
cussion in regard to the Capitol extension. It is
not the matter before the committee now.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
remarks in regard to the extension of the Capit6l
are in order, and the Chair is compelled to over- I
rule the point of order.
Mr. DICKINSON. I do not desire to discuss
this question any further than to state to the
House that this House, and the country, hare
been most unmitigatedly imposed upon by the
charges that have been made here against the
military superintendency of the' paWife- works,
without any ground to sustain them; aBd 1 think
it is high time for members to understand what
they are legislating about. I say this with a# re-
spect for the intelligence of the body. We have
spent the greater part of one session already in
investigating one branch of this matter, and heard
continually the charges of fraud which have been
committed by officers having in charge the public
works.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, (interposing.)
The gentleman from Massachusetts, as well as
other gentlemen here, know that I never made any
such charges of fraud.
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 do not mean to make any
charges against the gentleman from Kentucky, or
any other member upon this floor; but the resolu-
tions upon record bear me out in saying—or else
they mean nothing—that charges of fraud were
made against these officers. There were resolu-
tions of inquiry offered by the gentleman himself,
as to the mode of expending money in construct-
ing public works by Army officers, and the expe-
diency of providing by law that no military man
should have the charge of their construction; and
no gentleman has occupied the time of the House
so much as he in trying to convince the country
that great frauds have been committed by officers
connected with the Army while engaged in this
service. If the country does not understand that
these charges have been made, and that resolu-
tions of inquiry were offered in this House to
draw out facts to sustain these charges, then all I
have to say is, that I have entirely misunderstood
its proceedings; that 1 have misunderstood the
proceedings of the select committee upon this sub-
. ject, of which Lam a member, that sat here for
nearly six months of the last session; and that I •
have misunderstood the whole object of these
inquiries.
I think, then, that it is high time that theHouse
was enlightened upon this subject; and I under-
take to say, with the most perlect confidence, that
if the question of changing the superintendency of
the national armories, which was practically done
at the last session, were to be reconsidered to-day,
I have-great confidence that I should be able to
convince the House, notwithstanding there was a
majority of nearly a hundred votes m favor of the
change from military officers to civilians, that it
would be better for the country to restore the man-
agement of the armories to military officers. There
is no justice, every time we make an appropria-
tion for a Government building, in saying, when
the President of the United States is authorized to
take charge of the work and select the men under
whose superintendence it shall be huilt, th&t he
shall be restricted and precluded from making a
selection of Army officers for that purpose, if he
desires to do so, and thinks the public interest de*
mands it. It is very unjust to single out Army-
officers as incompetent, from education, to take
charge of these works, when it is well known to
everybody that the officers who are educated at
the military schools of the country are approved
practical engineers; and while the demand for en-
gineers is so great, not only for the service of the
Government, but for private enterprises, shall the
