THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Senator from Alabama. I knew, as well as he did,
that he had not introduced the resolution; but what
X said was—and it is a fact known to every Sen-
ator—that the bill which is pressing out the appro-
Eriation bills—the, bill which will carry the vote
ere—for the purpose of postponing this resolu-
tion, is a bill in'favor of giving a credit of three
years for the payment' of the duties on imported
railroad iron. I have, therefore, the right to argue
in reference the relative position of the private
claims upon Congress, ana of this railroad iron
interest. I had no intention of referring to the
Senator at all, not the slightest or remotest in the
world.
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly, in voting to take
up this resolution, I entertained no design to fur-
ther the passage of the bill to which ihe Senator
from Maryland alludes. In voting with the ma-
jority to take up the resolution, that consideration
did not influence me at all; but I was influenced to
give that vote because, in the firat place, any pri-
vate bill which may now be passed, has not the
slightest probability of being acted upon in the
House; and in the next place, I presume that the
public interest necessarily ought to take prece-
dence of private interests; and from what I under-
stand from the statement of the honorable Senator
from Virginia, for the transaction of the public
business connected with the appropriation bill we
should have the whole of the time during the rest
of the session.
But, Mr. President, there is another considera-
tion which has induced me to give that vote, and
that is, though it be perfectly true that the Gov-
ernment of the United States ought to pay its just
creditors, I am by no means sure, tnat, in the
private bills which are passed by Congress, cer-
tainly those that are passed by the Senate, we do
not do a great deal more than pay the just debts
of the Government. Where we pay one just debt,
we pay a great many claims that ought not to be
paid at all. We have, this session, passed a bill
which provides for a proper tribunal for the adju-
dication of claims against the Government of the
United States. If that bill be acted upon favor-
ably, as 1 have reason to believe it will be, in the
House of Representatives, the result will be that
hereafter you will have a speedy tribunal for the
proper settlement of claims against the Govern-
ment, in which the just claimants will receive, in
proper time, their demands as they would in the
case of debts that existed between man and man.
I think there can be no greatinjury if any private
bill, which now stands upon the Calendar, should
be passed over unacted upon at this session, if
that court of claims bill should be passed. I think
it will be better for the Government; and the delay
would be very immaterial to the private claimants,
if the court should be organized as soon as possi-
ble after Congress adjourns.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In reply to the
Senator from Maryland, I have but a word to
' say. I think it is a misconception of his that the
friends of this bill have any agency whatever in
the taking up of this resolution.
Mr. PRATT. I did not say they had.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. So far from it, I
Concurred with the Senator from Maryland in
Voting to refuse to take up the resolution, in order
to hold on to Friday as a private bill day; but I
aonfess his argument has satisfied me that I was
mistaken, arid that I ought to vote the other way;
for he tells us that, by dispensing with the pri-
vate bill day we shall aenyjustice to a great many
citizens, and that this railroad iron bill is in con-
flict with that. If justice is to be administered to
the largest number of persons in the United States,
it is by the bill to which the Senator alludes.
More persons in the United States, ten times over,
are interested in that bill than in all the private
claims which are before the Congress of the United
States.
Allow me to say one word as to the justice to
which the Senator alludes. He has very strange
notions of justice, as it occurs to my mmd. He
objects to the bill upon the score of injustice, and
yet hts State has enjoyed the benefits of similar
provisions to a greater extent than any State in
-the United States, except New York and Penn-
sylvania. It was perfectly just when they were
getting their iron in free; but it is a matter of total
injustice now when we ask simply acredit of three
years. I confess I do not understand that system
of justiee. I shall vote according to the sugges-
tion which the Senator has made. If this bill is
to be defeated by making next Friday private bill
day, I shall vote against continuing the order to
that effect.
Mr. PRATT. What has been said by the
Senator from Tennessee renders it necessary for
me to say a word. He is utterly mistaken in
regard to Maryland. All the railroads which
were made anterior to 1843 received their iron free
of duty. Now, sir, I do not suppose that there
is a single foot of railroad in Maryland, with the
exception, perhaps, of that from Annapolis to the
junction, a distance of only twenty miles, which
has iron rails that were received free of duty.
They have been renewed, and renewed, and duties
have been paid upon every foot of the railswhich
has been laid in Maryland, I believe. That is
my impression.
Mr. JONES of Tennessee. Let me correct
the Senator. The records are the best testimony
that we have. I can show the honorable Senator
where the railroads in his State have put their
hands into the Treasury and taken money out of
it. Records are stubborn facts. It is true, sir,
that those companies built most of their railroads
anterior to 1843, and they have worn the iron out.
They have enjoyed the benefits of the provision
until their iron has been worn out, and they are
now replacing it upon the terms under which we
introduce the iron. We ask that they may beputon
an equal footing with us in the replacing of their
iron. They have worn out the road, and enjoyed
the provisions of our laws for over ten years
without paying a cent.
Mr. PRATT. They paid the duty on it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. They never paid
a cent on it.
Mr. BADGER. As I claim the paternity of
this resolution, I think it is right that I should
say a word in its behalf: somsthing about it3
origin, and the modus operandi of its production.
I submitted the resolution early last week; and
I can assure my friend from Maryland, and all
others who are concerned, that the idea never
entered my head that the adoption of it was to
have a favorable or an adverse operation upon
the railroad iron bill, or any other particular bill.
Why, Mr. President, when I first came into the
Senate, it was not the custom to have any day set
apart for the exclusive consideration of private
bills, as you well know; but for two or three
years past it has become the custom, by a special
order, not by a standing order, but by one made
at each session, to set apart Fridays for their con-
sideration; but it has also been the custom, regu-
larly, towards the close of the session, to rescind
that order and give the precedence to public bills
on all the days of the week.
I repeat,! offered the resolution early last week,
and 1 intended to call it up during last week, but
at the request of several Senators, who said they
desired to have one more day for private bills, I
allowed it to remain on the table. We have had
that day. We have but one more Friday after
this week during the existing session; and, I
apprehend, an inspection ofthe Journals will show
that this sessional order has always been rescinded
at a period as remote from the close of the session
as we now are. I hope, therefore, my friends,
on all sides, will not imagine that the measure is
intended as hostile to any particular bill.
Mr. GW1N called for the yeas and nays on
the resolution, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays SI; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Badffer, Bayard, Benjamin,
Brown, Cutler, Chase, Clay, Clayton, Dawson, Kvfins,
Fitzpatrick, Ovvin, 0amlin, ilunter, Jones of Tennessee,
Mailory, Mason, Sebastian, Slidell, Smart, Thomson of
New Jersey, and Toucey—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Hrainerd, Brodhead, Fessenden,
Foot, Geyer, Gillette, James, Jones oflowa, I'earce, Pettit,
Pratt, Seward, Shields, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky,
Wade, Walker, Weller, Wells, and Wilson—21.
So the resolution-was agreed to.
DESERTERS FROM FOREIGN VESSELS.
_ Mr. BUTLER. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives, " concerning the appre-
hension and delivery of deserters from foreign
vessels in the ports of the United States," have
had the same under consideration, and recommend
its passage; and I trust it will immediately be
considered and passed. It concerns international
justice.
Two of ths ministers from foreign countries
have called upon me and requested that it should
have as early attention as it could get front the
Senate. !I iisk that it'may now be put on its pas-
sage. :
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole", to the considera-
tion of the bill. Its object is to allow commission-
ers who are, or may be, appointed by the circuit
courts of the United States to take acknowledg-
ments of bail, and for other purposes to exercise
all the powers conferred on any court, judge, or
other magistrate, by the act of March 2, 1829,
entitled " An act to provide for the apprehension
and delivery of deserters from certain foreign ves-
sels in the ports of the United States."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PURCHASERS OF SWAMP LANDS.
Mr. BROWN. I ask the Senate now to take
up the resolution which I submitted yesterday
morning, fixing the hour for the final adjourn-
ment. 1 presume there will be no objection to it.
Mr. PETTIT. I ob:ect, until we can make
reports from the committees.
Mr. STUART. 1 liseto a privileged question.
A few days ago a committee of conference was
appointed on a certain bill, and the report of that
committee has been delayed for two or three days,
at the request of the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr.
Johnson.] That Senator is now in the Senate,
and 1 hope I shall be allowed to present the report,
as it is very impbrtant that it should be acted on
here and sent to the other House.
The PRESIDENT. As it is a privileged ques-
tion, the Chair will, of course, receive the report.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference of the Senate and House
of Representatives on the disagreement between the two
Houses on the bill ofthe House No. 9, entitled "An act for
the relief of purchasers and locators of swamp and over-
flowed lam's,'" have conferred together, and unanimously
agreed to offer to the Senate and House of Representatives,
respectively, the following proviso to the first section of
said act, in&tead ofthe one adopted by the Senate:
Provided, That in all cases where any State, through
its constituted authorities, has sold or disposed of any tract
or tracts ot said lands to any individual or individuals prior
; to the entry, sale, or location of the same under the pre-
emption or other laws of the United States, no patents shall
be issued by the President for such tract or tracts of lands,
until such State, through its constituted authorities, shall
release its claim thereto, in such form as shall be prescribed
by the Secretary of the Interior: And provided further,
That if such State shall not, within ninety days from the
passage of this act, through its constituted authorities, return
to the Geneva! Land Office of (he United States a list of all
the lands sold as aforesaid, together with the date of such
sale, and the names of the purchasers, the patents shall be
issued immediately thereafter, as directed in the foregoing
section.
Mr. JOHNSON. The report has be«n read,
but I imagine there are not more than five Senators
on the floor who know anything in regard to it—
I mean who have examined the subject. The bill
ia all wrong. I know it to be so. It is unjust in
its action and ought not to be passed. 1 think
under these circumstances, with this character of
protest against it, Senators should at least demand
of those who support it to state the grounds on
which they ask it.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I must be per-
mitted to say that the Senator might have asked
for the information in language certainly more
parliamentary. I have delayed the report of this
bill for two or three days—three days I think—for
the purpose of enabling the Senator from Arkan-
sas to be here at the time when the report should
be made, in order to present to the Senate any
objection that he might think proper to offer. It
was not necessary for that Senator to protest
against action upon it in order to require at the
hands of the committee a statement of the mean-
ing of the report. A request would have answered
every purpose.
Sir, the bill is intended to obviate a difficulty
which I will explain. Congress, some years ago,
passed a law granting, upon certain conditions, the
swamp lands to the various States of the Union In
which those lands lay. The extent of that grant
had to be ascertained by the Government officers.
Before its extent was ascertained, the United
States land offices remaining open, individuals
entered at those land offices portions of the lands.
When the reports came to be made to the General
Land Office of the United States, this fact was as-
certained: that the lands were covered by the grant
to the Slates, but mt the same time parcels had
