1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
been entered by individuals. The Commissioner
of the General Land Office consequently issued
his instructions to cancel the entries and refund
the money. Great injustice was done under suc.h
circumstances to various individuals who had
made purchases  jf the lands. The object of the
present bill is to do justice to those individuals at
•he same time tl at it retains to the States all that
Congress intended to give them. The provisions
of the original bill, therefore, were substantially
that, in all cas« s where such entries had been made,
if made in money, the money should be paid to
the State, and if made by scrip or land warrants,
the State skould be authorized to enter an equal
quantity of other Government land in its stead, and
that patent s should be issued to the purchasers.
There are said to be cases where the States
themselves sold the lands before they were en-
tered at the United States land offices, thus pro-
ducing, under the original wording of the bill, a
conflir t of title. One effect of the amendment pro-
posed. by the committee of conference is to make
it necessary in such cases, before the patent shall
be issued to the purchaser from the United States,
t'„iat the State having sold the land shall release its
claim. Another provision of the amendment is,
in order to secure the object of the first one, to
make it necessary for the States who have thus
sold lands to present a report specifying whatlands
they have sold, and to present it, within three
months after the passage of this act, to the United
States authorities, so that it can be seen by the
United States authorities to what extent it is ne-
cessary to withhold patents.
These are the provisions of the bill and the pro-
visions of the amendment; and, sir, I must say—
I think I am bound to say—that the committee
of conference of the two Houses upon this bill
were unanimous in their report. It was supposed
that every important interest was represented upon
that committee—it was intended that it should
be so—and a report thus unanimous, the Senator
from Arkansas says, is a report which ought never
to be adopted. I think that Senator, upon a
review of the facts, will come to the conclusion at
least, that his statement is too strong. It seems
to me that the bill, with the amendment suggested,
protects every right which requires protection—
the rights of the States under the grant, and the
rights of individuals, whether purchasing from the
United States or the States respectively.
1 shall be very happy to state to the Senate, if
it shall become necessary, any further explanation
of the bill, or amendment; but I wish to express
the hope that, inasmuch as action upon the report
has been deferred to this late hour, the Senate will
oct upon it at this time, in order that the bill may
be sent to the House to receive action there.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill before the Senate on the table, that we may
proceed with the special order, the hour of one
having arrived.
Mr. RUSK. I have a report to make from a
committee of conference.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think we can get a vote on
this report in a few minutes.
The PRESIDENT. This is a privileged ques-
tion, and the Chair is in doubt as to whether he
ought to receive the motion of the Senator from
Tennessee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would concede
everything that is asked, but for the fact that I am
sure this bill cannot pass now, without debate.
The Senator from Arkansas will feel himself con-
strained to discuss it; and I may consider myseir
bound to say something upon it, as my constitu-
ents are interested. I move to lay it on the table
for the present.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will not receive
the motion, as the report of the committee of con-
ference is a privileged question. That report is
now before the Senate, and the question is either
upon agreeing or disagreeing to it.
Mr. JOHNSON.
I must be heard upon that
question; but, so far as I am concerned, I am
perfectly willing to postpone it until to-morrow.
Mr. ADAMS. Then I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this report until to-morrow.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope that will
be done. .
Mr. STUART. I have no objection, myself,
if the Senate desire it, that the question upon this
report be passed over until to-morrow; but it is
important that very early action should be had.
Mr. SLIDELL. Before assenting to that ar-
rangement I wish to ask whether the precedence
of this question, arising from its privileged char-
acter, wUi be lost by the postponement? Can it
be called up at anytime?
The PRESIDENT. It is a privileged question,
and if it be the sense of the Senate to defer it
until to-morrow, it will retain its privileged char-
acter, and can then be brought up at any time that
it is thought proper to call for its consideration.
The Chair will put the question on the motion to
postpone until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
texas deet bill.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Fokney, their Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill of the Senate to provide for the
payment of such creditors of the late Republic of
Texas as arecomprehended in the actof Congress
of September 9, 1850.
Mr. RUSK, from the committee of conference
on the part of the Senate, to whom the same bill
was referred, made a report, with the following
recommendations:
That in lieu of the sum specified in the first amendment
of the House, the two ii ousea substitute $7,750,000.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
second amendment of the House.
That the Senate recede iroin iheir disagreement to the
third amendment of the Hou*e.
In lieu of the words stricken out by the fourth amend-
ment of the House insert, " also similar releases to said
Slate of Texas."
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
fifth amendment.
In the sixth amendment of the House insert, in lieu of
" si\ millions six hundred and lifty,'*' seven millions seven
hundied and fnty.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
seventh amendment ot the House.
Mr. HUNTER. If I understand that report,
it proposes, instead of the $6,550,000, which the
House agreed to give to the Texas creditors, to
give them $7,750,000. Does it also release the
State of Texas from the obligation to release its
claim for Indian indemnities?
Mr. RUSK. No, sir. That requirement is to
remain in the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. Then, if I understand the
report, it proposes to give to the State of Texas,
in this settlement, more than we are bound to [jay
under the boundary act. I was willing to go to
the extent of §5,000,000, with the interest, and a
reasonable premium*, but beyond that I consider it
as an assumption of a State debt, anil 1 cannot
vote for it. I believe we shall haveall the residue
of the claims back upon us hereafter, i wish
simply to state this in explanation of the vote
which I shall give, which will be against the report
of the committee.
Mr. RUSK. The honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia will certainly very well remember that, in the
discussion of this bill m the Senate, the claim of
Texas, amounting, as it was shown, to $3,800,000,
for what was alledged by Texas to be a violation
of the treaty obligations of the United States in
allowing the Indians of the United States, to com-
mit depredations on Texas, was urged as one of
the considerations for the passage of this bill. He
will remember, also, that there was another consid-
eration urged by gentlemen whose opinions were
entitled to the highest respect, that, from the be-
ginning, there was a liability on this Government
for this debt of Texas. There was also another
question raised in that discussion, which, I think,
he did not very well controvert, that, by the reser-
vation in the boundary act of 1850, the United
States had assumed to act as the trustee both of
the creditors and of the State of Texas; and that,
although Texas had $5,000,000 of bonds m the
Treasury of the United States for the satisfaction
of her creditors, still, from the want of action on
the part of the Government of the United States,
those bonds remained in the Treasury, and inter-
est accumulated upon them to nearly $1,000,000,
and neither the State of Texas nor her creditors
could receive one dollar of it.
The bonds belonged to Texas; she passed a law
in 1852 appropriating them to her creditors, many
of whom have been begging ever since to be
allowed to take them at the rates proposed by
Texas. This Government has refused to allow
them to be paid out because the creditors would
not release theUnitsd States-, and now wears told
that the United States are not liabje. If, there is no.
liability, demanding a release is a mere pretfxt^
and will gentlemen contend that this. Govern,rn.ent,
on such a foundation, has the, constitutional rigm
to control the action of a sovereign State. Tjie
refusal of the United States to deliver these bpnas
just amounts "to that. , " ,
l'he calculation which makes theacoount of the
debtof the United States to Texas $6,500,000—thq
sum for the payment of which the Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Hunter] voted—clearly excluded
the creditors and the State of Texas from at least
$500,000 to which they were justly entitled.' At
the time this bill was passed by the Senate,
premium on United States bonds w.as fourteei) per
cent., which, on $5,000,000, would amount to
$700,000. Allowing only $6,500,000, the prer
mium was calculated at but six per cent., amount-
ing to $300,000. There was at once a loss in
one item of $400,000 to the creditors and to the
State of Texas. This was caused by the action
of this Government, and yet the Senator woul4
throw the loss upon Texas and her creditors.
Although I do not intend to discuss the subr
ject, for I have no desire to consume time, I wil}
say this, that if the unadjusted claim of Texas
against the United States should remain open,
such is my conviction of its justice that I think,
in time, and that not very distant, the State of
Texas would be able to obtain from the Govern-
ment of the United States $3,800,000, together
with the interest upon that amount. This bill,
however, settles off that claim, ar.d obtains a re-
lease in full for the claim of Texas for Indian dep-
redations. The United States, as well as Texas,
obtains a release from the creditors. The credi}-
ors, who are suffering by your delay, the State
of Texas, who has an unadjusted difficulty with
the United States, growing out of the different
constructions put on the boundary act, are all
satisfied by the passage of this bill. My own
conscientious judgment is, that the United States,
in place of paying anything more than they are
liable to pay, or coming to the neighborhood of
anything like the assumption of State debts, will
save to their Treasury, by the passage of this bill,
several millions of dollars. Over four years have
elapsed since the passage of the boundary bill,
but the difficulty has not been settled. Will the
honorable Senator from Virginia tell me how long
it will be before it is settled and these bondB taken
from the Treasury? If it continues ten year?
longer—and I see no reason to suppose that the
time would be any shorter, unless this bill be
passed—then, in place of paying outof theTreas-
ury $7,750,000, you will have to pay $8,500,000.
Under these circumstances I hope the bill will
pass. It will be barely, if at all, acceptable to
the State of Texas. I trust, however, if it pass it
will be accepted. It settles her debt. It leaves
her without controversy or cause of quarrel with
this Government, and certainly relieves me from
a heavy and unpleasant responsibility.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I trust that the
Senate will agree to this report. When the bill
passed the Senate at the last session of Congress,
it appropriated $8,500,000, and it contained no
provision for the release by Texas of her claims
against the United States for alleged Indian dep-
redations. At this session the bill passed the
House with amendments reducing that amount to
$6,550,000, and making a provision, which is now
i left in the bill, for the release by Texas of those
claims. The bill, thus amended, came to the Sen-
ate, and we dissented from the amendments of the
House. We were not satisfied with the reductiob
of the sum of $8,500,000 to $6,550,000, which
I the House proposed. We disagreed to their
amendments, and asked for a committee of con-
ference. The result of th^ action of the committee
of conference is to make the bill much more
favorable to tne United States than it was when it
passed the Senate. In the first place, we obtain
by it the release of Texas, which I have before
mentioned; and in the next place, we reduce the
sum by §750,000. ,
Now, sir, I think this is a good bargain for the
United States. We owe $5,00.0,000 of principal,
and the interest upon it up to this time is oyer n.
million of dollars. Besides that, if the stock had
been issued and we were now to purchase it in,
so as to save the accruing interest, we should
have to pay $300,000 of premium, making about
$6,500,000 in all, or near that bubo, certainly
