1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
advance; but yet that is the argument presented
here.
Another argument in support of this proposition
is, that Texas has, or pretends to have, a claim
against this Government for $3,800,000, which, as
the honorable Senator from Ohio has remarked,
has never been presented heie. I know nothing
about it; and I do not believe in it, for the simple
reason that it has never been advanced; but if I
did believe in it, I never would act upon it, accord-
ing to the principle which has been announced by
some gentlemen. If we honestly owe to the State
of Texas $3,800,000, it is our duty to pay her that
amount. If that sum is due for Indian depreda-
tions, at one time or another, from this Government
to that State, we ought to pay principal and in-
terest, if she has followed up the claim in such
manner as to entitle herself to interest; but it is no
argument to my mind, that because she has a claim
of that kind, it is, therefore, our duty to get rid of
the claim, not on the ground that we do not owe
the money, but on the ground that, by possibility,
we do owe it, and that we can defraud Texas of a
large portion of it by accepting this proposition.
"Why, sir, 1 confess, with all my respect for the
eminent Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] 1 look
with a little suspicion upon an argument of that
description, which is brought forward here, when
he asserts that, in his belief, we honestly owe to
the State of Texas $3,800,000; and yet he is ready
to use all his influence and his power to make
Texas compound that claim, and give it up for
$1,250,000, to be paid at the present moment. I
would prefer to have that claim produced here,
and examined before Congress; and I would spend
all the time it might be necessary to spend, in order
to examine it; and if it be found to be due, 1 would
pay it as a debt honestly due, rather than have it
put on this bill, and in this shape, saying to Texas,
"If you will release us from this claim, whether
real or imaginary, we will pay you $1,250,000."
Now, sir, I object to the whole idea upon which
such a system of legislation is founded, which is,
that the Senators and Representatives of this
nation—men who ought to be competent to exam-
ine and understand claims; men who ought to be
honest enough to resist and defeat unjust claims,
men who ought to be honest enough to pay those
which are really just claims against the Govern-
ment—should come here and legislate on the prin-
ciple, in the first place, that the States and indi-
viduals are always disposed to defraud the Gov-
ernment, and, in the next place, that theseSenators
and that these Representatives have not honesty
and firmness enough to resist a dishonest claim;
and that, therefore, the only reasonable course to
take, is to pay one quarter or one half of it in
advance, and dismiss it without examination. I
say sir, that I object to the whole idea of legis-
lating in that way and upon that principle.
What does this bill propose, as provided to be
amended by this report? [t admits that we owe
$6,500,000, but it provides that we shall pay
$1,250,000 more. For what reason ? Simply be-
cause some gentlemen,not the Government, think
we may be called upon hereafter to pay more to
the creditors of Texas if we do not pay this now.
The idea advanced is, substantially, that here isa
claim which is good for nothing, which many
gentlemen do not pretend to say is of the slight-
est validity in the world, but yet it is said to be
very good policy on the part of the Govern-
ment to give the handsome sum of $1,250,000 to
the State of Texas in order that it may not be
presented hereafter, and in order, a3 the Senator
from Michigan says, that we may not spend time
in contesting a claim of this kind at some future
day. Why, sir, that time is not lost which is
spent in contesting a dishonest claim, if that dis-
honest claim is defeated. The time is not lost
which is devoted to the investigation of an honest
claim, if we ascertain that it is honest, and finally
pay it.
For these reasons, I say that the two mam
arguments which are presented, in order to justify
the taking of $1,250,000 out of the Treasury, and
presenting it to the creditors ofthe State of Texas,
are founded on a fallacy, on an idea which ought
never to prevail in any legislative assembly in the
world which is formed for the purpose of defend-
ing the rights of the Government, as well as for
ascertaining the rights of individuals against the
Government, and acting upon them as the case
may retjuirs. Looking upon ths question in this
light, not regarding the arguments which are
advanced in favor of this unanimous report—for I
understand it is unanimous—as being entitled to
the slightest weight in legislative action, but as false
in point of factand principle, 1 feel disposed to vote,
as 1 did before, against the proposition embraced
in the bill and report now under consideration.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, it seems to
me that the only question here was, whether the
Senate, having passed a bill for a larger sum by a
very decided majority, could conscientiously pass
a bill for a smaller sum. All the argument which
1 have heard, to-day, is against paying anything
at all—against the original bill. As the argument
is on that ground, I may as well, perhaps, state
my convictions on that subject.
When the proposiiion was made for theannex-
ation of Texas to the United States, I was amongst
those who thought it was an unwise proceeding.
One of the grounds of my objection was, that it
would involve an obligation on the part of the Uni-
ted States to assume and pay the debts of Texas.
The annexation was finally obtained by waiving
that condition, or, at least, by insisting that we
would not pay the debts of Texas. At that time
I thought that the restriction was a futile one, and
that the time would come when we should have to
pay the debtsofTexas. So, after theannexation,
when the boundary bill was before the Senate, it
was then proposed to assume $10,000,000 of the
debt of the btate of Texas; but 1 supported the
proposition to pay the whole debt upon the ground
that, having absorbed the sovereignty of that coun-
try, we were approf riately responsible for its debts
to its creditors. When, therefore, the proposition
was made to the present Congress to pay a sum
less than $10,000,000, I was for paying that on
the ground that I always acknowledged the obli-
gation on the pait of the Government to pay the
debt ofthe late Republic, now State, of Texas.
Now, then, we have before us the question
whether we shall discharge ourselves of this debt,
paying, certainly, no more than the original debt,
an amount falling below the stipulation contained
in the articles for the annexation of Texas. Here
are the $5,000,000 which were due to those cred-
itors. Here is a claim of the State of Texas for
$3,800,000 for depredations committed by the
American Indians upon the people of Texas when
we were under a stipulation to the Mexican Gov-
ernment to prevent thote depredations.
Under these circumstances, it seems to me, that
it must be satisfactory to everybody, a majority of
the Senate having already decided that we owe
$8,500,000, conscientiously to vote for paying this
lesser sum, and I shall go for it, as I should if
the amount were $10,000,000, or even more. When
we go to annex foreign territory or foreign coun-
tries, we ought, like an honest nation, make a cal-
culation as to the consequences.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Backer.)
The question is on agreeing to the report of the
committee of conference.
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. CHASE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Houston.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should vote to agree to the
report of the committee, but 1 have paired off
with the Senator ftom Florida, [Mr. Morton,]
whose illness prevents his being present.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Badger, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin,
Brainerd, Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Clayton, Cooper,
Dawson, Evans, Foot, Gwm, James, Johnson, Jonesot
Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Pearce, Pettit, Pratt,
Rusk, ^ebnstian, Seward, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky,
Toucey, and Weller—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Auams, Butler, Clay, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Fessenden, Fitzpatnck, Geypr, Gillette, Hunter,
Snmncr, Thomson of New Jersey, Wade, Walker, and
Wilson—14.
So the report was concurred in.
INVALID PENSION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the pension
appropriation bill.
Mr. PETTIT. I hope the Senator will allow
me to make a report.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot withdraw my mo-
tion. It is nearly two o'clock now.
Mr. PETTIT. I should like to test the sense
ofthe Senate whether I shall be permitted to make
a report or not, if there is any way to do it.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. The only way
to do it is by voting down the motion of the Sen-
ator from Virginia.
Mr. CLAY". 1 hope the Senate will not >gree
to that motion, but that we shall be permitted to
finish one thing before we begin another. I trust
we shall succeed to-day in obtaining the final ac-
tion of the Senate on the bill granting to railroad
companies three years in which to pay the duties
on iron imported for railroad purposes. I wish
to see the bill either adopted by the Senate or
defeated, so that we may know what is to be its
fate. If the Senator presses his motion, I trust
the Senate will vote it down.
Mr. BAYARD. I trust that the motion of the
Senator from Virginia will prevail. We have cer-
tain appropriation bills to act upon. Thegeneral
appropriation bill has not yet come to us. If we
do notNnow dispose of those which we have, we
shall prevent the chairman of the Committee on
Finance from giving that attention to those which
are to come, which he would otherwise give. I
think, injustice to the Committee on Finance, and
to the business of the Senate, we ought to proceed
with the appropriation bills which are ready for
action.
The question was taken, and the Chair declared
that the " noes" appeared to have it.
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays,
but they were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to, there being, on
a division—ayes fifteen, noes not counted.
RAILROAD IRON DUTIES BILL.
Mr. CLAY. I move that the Senate proceed
with the special order.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope I shall be allowed
j to make a report by common consent.
Mr. CLAY. I hope not.
The PRESIDENT. The special order being
called for comes up as a matter of course, and that
is a bill granting to railroad companies three years
in which to pay the duties on iron imported for
railroad purposes.
The pending question was on the motion of
Mr. Pearce to reconsider the vote by which the
amendment of Mr. Bayard was adopted, striking
out the words " of the entire solvency of the com-
pany thus applying for this extension," and in-
serting " that the bond or bonds of any company
! thus applying are fully and entirely sufficient to
1 secure the payment of the duties suspended,"
and striking out " may," and inserting "shall."
The proviso to the first section, before Mr.
Bayard's amendment was agreed to, was—
u That before the delivery of said iron rails, spikes, bolts,
fastenings, or other iron, the payment of the duties Ihua
suspended shall be secured by the bonds of the company
applying for the same ; and in the event the collector of cus-
toms or surveyor of the port of delivery, where the iron
may be shall not be satisfied of the entire solvency of the
company thus applying for this extension, he may require
such security, personal or otherwise, as in Ilia judgment,
will indemnify the United States against loss.
Mr. PEARCE. The motion to reconsider,
which I made, was made with the intention, a.s.1
announced to the Senate, of offering another
amendment designed, more effectually, to answer
the same purpose. I will state the object in a
very few words. I shall not occupy a moment
longer than is necessary.
| The amendment of the Senator from Delaware
i leaves it open to the discretion of the officers, in-
dicated in the bill, whether the railroad compa-
nies should be required to give security or not. I
think they ought to be required, in all cases, to
give it. The bill, as it stands, proposes that they
shall issue their bonds for these duties. Without
the operation of this bill, they would be obliged
to pay cash, or pay when they take the iron out
of the bonded warehouses where they have the
privilege of leaving it for two years without pay-
ing the duties. Now, as I said the other day, I
think there are very few of these companies
whose bonds are so thoroughly good that we can
rely upon their being taken at maturity, and cer-
tainly if they are so, if they possess the means
which will enable them to pay at maturity, it can
be no hardship to require them to give sureties
for doing so. If the Senate think so they will
agree to the motion to reconsider, and then I will
offer my amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. So far as I am
concerned I have no objection to the amendment
of the Senator from Maryland. If I understand
the wording of the bill, it contemplates all that h 
