856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2I>
isfceijs to accomplish. We have sworn officers of
the Government to watch over its interests, and
the question of solvency is to be Submitted to
them, and they are, directed positively to require
such security if there is any question about the
solvency of the company. Now, if that will sat-
isfy the Senator, so far as I am concerned, I am
■willing to accept his amendment and require ihem
to give security in all cases. I take occasion again
to repeat, that w'e do not seek to defraud thisGov-
erriment of one dollar. We intend, in good faith,
to pay the money according to the contract, and
if the bill does not accomplish that purpose, make
it accomplish it. I am ready to make it as strong
as any gentleman wants to make it; but I do ask
that no amendment shall be put upon the bill
■which is calculated tb defeat it by indirection. I
do not charge thSt intention upon the Senator, for
I believe he is incapable of it; and if What he
seeks will satisfy him, I am willing, so far as I am
-'eohcernedj to accept his amendment and require
the security in every case. 1 hope the Senate, by
unanimous consent, will agree that each company
shall give the security, and then I hope there will
be no further amendment.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I now ask the Senator from
Delaware to withdraw his amendment, and then
I shall offer mine.
Mr. BAYARD. If I can do so, I certainly shall
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. PEARCE. I am not sure but that there is
another amendment which was made to the billon
the motion of the Senator from Alabama, which
stands also in the way of that which I desire to
propose. I must ask that that be reconsidered
and disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tq what
amendment does the Senator refer?
Mr. PEARCE. It was an amendment made
in the same proviso of the first section, on the
motion of the Senator from Alabama.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maryland then moves to reconsider the
amendment, by which the word "commissioner1'
Was stricken out, and "collector" inserted, and
after the word "customs" the words "or surveyor
of the port of delivery" inserted.
Mr. CLAY. I trust the Senate will not agree
to reconsider that amendment. Sir, it doesappear
to me that it is the purpose of the opponents of
this bill to encumber it with such amendments as
■will render it wholly unacceptable to its friends,
because, if they can delude the friends of the
measure upon this floor into admittu-g the amend-
ments which are proposed, tliey will render the
bill utterly valueless to the several railroad com-
panies. Already we are required by one of the
amendments which have been imposed upon us,
to transmit the public mails—the mails of the
United States—not upon such terms as the com-
panies and the Postmaster General may agree
Upon, not upon such terms as will indemnify
them for this public service, but upon such terms
as may be imposed upon them by Congress. We
are'constrained, by that amendment, to submit to
those terms, however onerous, however oppres-
sive! however ruinous, to the interests of these
railways, which may be imposed by a majority of
Congress.
What next are we asked to submit to? The
Senator from Maryland proposes that, instead of
these bonds being taken by the collectors of cus-
toms, or by the surveyors at the ports of delivery,
we shall be constrained to come to the Secretary
of the Treasury, and to give such bonds as may
satisfy him. What, now, is the purpose of this
amendment ? I say, whatever may be its purpose
or intention, its effect will be almost to destroy all
the virtue which this bill may have; for, sir, those
companies who have imported their iron will not
take it out of bond, or out of the custom-house,
except as they may require it. They will with-
draw it in two thousand, or five thousand, or
eight thousand tons at a time, whenever they wish
to lay it down upon the roads which are prepared
to receive it. But by the amendment it is pro-
posed to require them to send a special agent to
the Secretary of the Treasury, at Washington, in
order to induce him to accept the bond which they
may tender. Why not suffer the collectors 01
surveyors to take the bonds? Why, I ask, do
you object to them ? Are they less capable of de-
termining upon the security of those bonds than
the Secretary of the Treasury? Certainly not;
on the other hand, I think the advocates of this
amendment must themselves concede that they
ought to be far more capable of ascertaining
whether the security tendered is sufficient or not.
Take, as an instance, the roads in my own State,
in which I feel a peculiar interest. What public
agent is so competent to determine upon the suffi-
ciency of the security which may be tendered by
the companies building the roads within the limits
of Alabama, as the collector of customs at Mobile,
or the surveyor of the port of delivery atTuscum-
bia? None whatever. How would your Secre-
tary of the Treasury be capable to decide whether
the tendered security was sufficient? It could be
only upon the testimony of others. He can have
no personal knowledge of the credit or the means
of those companies, or of those whom they may
tender as security. He would have to depend
upon the collector of the customs, or the surveyor,
at last; and, sir, unless you will impeach their
integrity—unless you will say that they might be
seduced from their duty to the Government, and
betray the interests of the Treasury of the United
States for the sake of these companies, you can-
not maintain that they are not fitter depositaries
of this trust than the Secretary of the Treasury.
If the Senator's amendment prevails, the Mem-
phis and Charleston railroad, the Alabama and
Tennessee River railroad, within the limits of my
State, must send a special agent to Washington
city perhaps every month, or, at least, four times
ill the year, in order to present the bonds, and sat-
isfy the demands of the Secretary of tho Treasury.
They must incur this additional expense. When
they come here, if the Secretary of the Treasury
is not satisfied, they must go back for additional
security. Why, 1 ask, take from those agents of
the Government-—who are near the spot, who
must be familiar with the condition of the road,
and who may be supposed to know most about
the credit and solvency of the persons offered as
security—the power of determining what is best
for the interests of the Government, and transfer
it to the Secretary of the Treasury ? I can see no
imaginable reason other than that of incumbering
these roads, and defeating the intention of the bill.
I trust, therefore, the amendment will not prevail.
Mr. PEARCE. I have not intended to defeat
the bill by the provision which I have submitted.
The Secretary of the Treasury is, I think, the
proper depositary of so great a power as this,
without meaning to impeach the collectors or sur-
veyors, who, I suppose, are like other men through
the country, i may say this, however,that 1 have
known collectois ol' the customs heretofore, at the
principal ports of the United States, who were
utterly unlit to be intrusted with any such power
as this. I do not speak of the present collectors,
of whom I know nothing, and who, I dare Say,
are men of the strictest integrity; but we have
had, within our memory, and duiing my service
in Congress, two enormous defaulters, who held
the post of collectors of customs at New York;
and I tlunk a man who has been a defaulter to the
amount of a million of dollars, or a much less sum
than that, is scarcely a fit depositary for a power
like this. Besides, as I stated before, by reposing
the power in the Secretary of the Treasury, you
secure uniformity of decision; and in regard to
the men, I take it, that neither the collector nor
the surveyor at the port of delivery, which is very
often far distant from where the proposed roads
are to be laid, is likely to have any personal direct
knowledge of the condition of the company.
Unless he be a director—an actual, responsible
director—concerned m all its transactions, he must
depend upon ihe evidence which is furnished by
the company itself; and that same evidence, which
would have to be furnished to the collector or the
surveyor, it would be equally easy to furnish to
the Secretary of the Treasury. Besides, 1 think
it is a mistake in the Senator, to suppose that it
would be necessary to send a special messenger to
Washington, when the company wanted to draw
from the warehouses a portion of their iron. I
apprehend the object could be accomplished as
easily, and even more promptly, by means of the
ordinary course of communication—the mails—
than by sending a special agent to Washington.
The information can be furnished to the Secretary
of the Treasury, upon which he, as well as the
collector or the surveyor, woultl have to rely, and
it can be furnished by mail quile as well as by a
special messenger. I think, therefore, there is no
valid objection to the proposition which I have
submitted'.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I regret that 1
cannot' accommodate myself to the wishes of
every gentleman. I" have already made conces-
sions for purposes Which, I think, amount to
nothing except an embarrassment of the bill. The
amendment proposed by the Senator from Mary-
land will operate very seriously to the prejudice
of the bill. I think 1 can satisfy him that it will
do so. Aa I like to be practical in my illustw
tions, I will give the Senator a case. The Mc-m'-
phis and Charleston railroad, of which the honor-
able Senator from Alabama spoke; runs through
an extent of three hundred miles, or nearly that
much. There is a port of delivery at Memphis,
where we receive a portion of the iron. There is
a port of delivery atTuscumbia, where we receive
another portion of the iron. Then another por-
tion is received at Charleston, in South Carolina.
Now I submit to that Senator whether the Secrer
tary of the Treasury will undertake, upon any
knowledge which he possesses of the men, or the
security upon these three different points, to say
whether the bond is sufficient or not. We have -
already provided, on the motion of the Senator,
that the company shall give security. Who
is to judge of that security> The Senator pro-
poses that the Secretary of the Treasury shall
judge of it. We suppose that the sworn officer
of the Government, who is presumed to be as
capable, and as honest, in every sense of the word',
as the Secretary of the Treasury, living oh the
ground, and having a personal knowledge of the
parties, is more competent to determine that ques-
tion than a man who lives a thousand or fif-
teen hundred miles off. Take Tuscumbia, if you
please. I doubt very strongly whether, if the
bonds were issued atTuscumbia, under the secu-
rity provided for in the Senator's amendment—
personal security—that A, B, and C, of Franklin
county, the county in which Tuscumbia ts situa-
ted, are securities for the paymentof $10,000, the
Secretary of the Treasury would know a single
man in the county; but the officers of the Govern-
ment living there, having a personal knowledge of
the parties, would be better judges; and at last
the Secretary of the Treasury would be compelled
to rely upon their testimony.
The only effect, therefore, will be, not to add
any security whateverto the Government, but to
delay the execution of the purpose of the com-
pany. To-day they want a thousand tons of iron.
Under the bill, as it stands, they would go to the
inspector or the surveyor at Tuscumbia, and offer
the bond of the company with the peisonal se-
curity provided for by the Senator from Mary-
land. That officer knows them to be perfectly
solvent, and able to meet their liabilities; and they
get their iron the next day and carry it out on the
road; but if this amendment be agreed to, if they
want the iron, they will have to wait either to send
a messenger here or abide the slow, tardy process
of the mails, which are sometimes thirty days
in getting here, and twenty days getting back.
During that time the companies will have to delay
their work; and after all, what additional security
will you have? You have got the only security
that you can have, and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury will have at last to rely on the testimony of
his subalterns, the officers of the Government who
are sworn to discharge their duty. It is in that
view that I object to the amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. It seems to me the advantage
of selecting the Secretary of the Treasury for the
purpose of approving these bonds 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the Senate that that is not the questioti
now pending before the Senate. The Senate has
reconsidered the amendment made on the motioh
of the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. BAYARD. The question is on the recon-
sideration of the amendment made on the motion
of the honorable Senator from Alabama; but I
suppose I am at liberty to answer the suggestions
directly made by Senators on the othe? side, in
reference to the propriety of vesting the power to
judge of the character of the security in the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, or in the collector of the
customs, or the surveyor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
