1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
"tires. I knowvery well that where there is money
and power, there will always be a disposition to
use the one and exercise the other. I have always
'belonged to the school of politicians who believe
that our railroads should be built by the States or
by companies, and that the Federal Government
should not either directly or indirectly embark in
them; but here is a proposition to extend the
bounty of the Government to a special class—
those who construct railroads, Is it not to this
" extent an attempt to embark the Federal Govern-
ment in internal improvements?
But, sir, if a credit is to be given to the import-
ers of railroad iron, I ask gentlemen to say by
their votes on the amendment which I have offered,
whether they will not give a like credit for duties
on salt or on sugar? Will any man tell me why
a great interest in Louisiana must be sustained by
retaining a duty on sugar when you deny an equal
measure of protection to great interests in Penn-
sylvania. We do not ask to be placed on a better
footing than our sister States, but we askforgen-
eral laws which shall operate on all alike,and we
protest against this special legislation.
I know thatsome gentlemen are disposed tovote
for this bill because they regard it as free trade,
and they tell us they are in favor of free trade. I
believe that Pennsylvania can stand absolute free
trade and direct taxation as well as any State of
the Union; but if we come to direct taxation,
where will the heaviest part of it fall ? Would it
Hot be on the southern States? Negroes cannot
be concealed, and taxes would have to be paid on
them as property, according to the doctrine which
the South sustain, and which 1 sustain. If we
are to have free trade upon particular articles, I
ask that it may be extended to all alike; and for
that reason 1 have offered this amendment.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bp.odhead] has made a
direct appeal to the Senators from the section of
country where I reside to vote against this bill.
He has warned us that the knife may yet be put
to our throats. Sir, I desire to say for Massachu-
setts, that she expects no exclusive favors here,
and asks none. She simply demands her just
• rights. The appeal which has been made to Sen-
ators from the South, to stand by Pennsylvania,
because her Senators, in violation of the wishes
and instructions of their constituents, have stood
with the South and resisted what he is pleased
to designate "the fanaticism of Abolition," is not
at all calculated to win sympathy from me or
from those whom I represent on this floor.
I shall give no votes here, sir, of a sectional
character; I hope to comprehend the whole coun-
try and embrace the interests of the whole Union
in my action here. I will vote for any measure,
national in its character, that may benefit any sec-
tion of the country, as readily as for any that may
benefit my own State only; but, sir, I shall give
no votes in favor of southern interests with the
idea that " thrift may follow fawning."
The tendency of the public mind—I know it to
be so in my section of the country—is towards
the freedom of trade. I am in favor of free coal;
the people of my section are for it. I am in favor
of free wool; the interests of my section require
and demand it; and, in my opinion, the interests
of the wool-growing sections of the country require
it also. I am in favor of free sugar. I am in
favor of the enlargement of the free list by placing
upon it all those articles which enter largely into
the consumption of the masses of the people. If
the Senators from Pennsylvania, or from any
other section, wish for the reduction of the duties,
or for free trade, on the finer and more costly
fabrics, I say, let them have free trade on those
articles. We, of Massachusetts, will take care of
ourselves. Our skill, capital, and intelligent free
labor will enable us, I am confident, to do so.
Sir, I shall vote for this measure, I confess,
with some dejree of reluctance, for I have no
wish to stimulate the building of railways in the
country. That business has been overdone; and
in our quarter of the Union we have severely
Buffered, directly and indirectly, by the losses
thereby incurred in the new portions of the Con-
federacy. I undertake to say here, that the rail-
ways of New Englard are not worth more than
fifty cents on the'dollar of their cost. I believe
the railway interests of the country, as a whole,
are in no better condition. But, sir, few railways
are made for the direct benefit of the stockholders;
they are made to devolope the resources of the
country. So believing, and thinking that- this
measure will contribute something to aid that
depressed interest, to develope the resources of
the new States of the Confederacy, I shall vote
for the measure, although I do so wi'h some
reluctance. I do not like this mode of legislation,
but, looking at the interests of the whole Union,
and at this depressed railway interest, I feel con-
strained to give it my vote.
I had hoped, sir, and the people of my section
of the Union hoped, that the tariff would be re-
vised at this session of Congress. Action, how-
ever, may not be taken upon that subject; but I
hope that, before we adjourn, wool and dye-stuffs,
and articles which enter into manufactures, will be
made free of duty. 1 assure the Senator from
Pennsylvania that I have no wish to give a vote
that shall injure the State of Pennsylvania. I
believe, sincerely, that if the fourteen thousand or
fifteen thousand miles of railway now in process of
construction were completed, the demand for the
iron of Pennsylvanii during the next five years
would be greater than it will be if this interest re-
mains in its present depression. The completion
of these railways will develop the resources and
increase the wealth of the new States beyond the
calculations of the most sanguine men among us.
The demand for iron will be largely increased for
the use of the roads and for the wants of the
people, and that State will reap the benefits of the
increased demand.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I had rea-
son to believe that theSenator from Massachusetts
entertained the views which he has just expressed.
I had reason to believe that Massachusetts and
the southern States would unite upon this ques-
tion. It is not the first time when they have
united. Sir, they united to continue the slave
trade; and I am not sure but that they would do
it again. [Laughter.] In the convention which
framed the Constitution, it was first proposed that
the slave trade should be discontinued from and
after 1800. Mr. Pinckney, of South Carolina, I
think, moved to strike out 1800 and insert 1808;
and every New England State (the votes in the
convention were taken by States) voted for that
amendment to the original proposition.
The speech which has just been made by my
friend from Massachusetts satisfies me of another
thing: that it will not be long before all New
England will be asking for free trade, and the
southern States will be asking: for protection.
When that time comes, I think Pennsylvania will
ask for absolute free trade; we shall not be satis-
fied that you continue the duty on cotton goods,
or on coarse articles, or fine articles, but we must
have a proper general system. If we are to have
free trade, we of Pennsylvania want it to be ab-
solute, and then we wish to have the revenues
necessary to carry on the Government collected
by direct taxation. We can beat you all at that.
When you have laws of that kind, bordering as we
do on the Atlantic, on the western lakes, and on
the western rivers, with a monopoly of Anthracite
coal, which, in a northern climate, is better than all
other species of coal, we can stand absolute free
trade as well as anybody. But this partial free
trade, this getting round a point, and helping rail-
roads but yetgoing against internal improvements,
is something which we do not understand; it is
not, in my opinion, the right kind of legislation.
Why, sir, if an entire stranger had come here this
morning and taken his seat in the gallery, he
would have supposed that he was in some State
Legislature where the members were debating how
the"y could best promote the railroad interest. On
a great question of this nature—one involving the
doctrine of internal improvements—I had hoped
to have the aid of my distinguished friend from
Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] who was so vigorous the
other day in his opposition to a western internal
improvement system.
I hope the amendment which I have offered
will be adopted. It is certainly the same in prin-
ciple as the original bill. My amendment pro-
poses that the benefit which the bill grants to
railroad companies shall be extended to those who
use salt, sugar, and cotton, and woolen goods.
What reason is there why we should grant this
special favor to railroad companies alone? Have
they not deranged the currency of the country ?
Have they not been the means of accumulating a
large balance of debt against us abroad i Two
years ago I submitted a resolution calling for in-
formation oh that subject, and the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury in answer to that res-
olution showed that the railroad cornpanies of the
United States had contracted fifty millions of for-
eign indebtedness.
Does not that fend to take from us our coin
which is the life-blood of the.body politic, and
the basis of all legitimate banking?
I presume, sir, that the struggle on this bill is
the battle of the 23d, which preceded the battle of
the 8th. I suppose that the strain is to come when
a proposition of this nature shall be offered as an
amendment to some one of the appropriation bills,
for I have no idea that such a bill as this can be-
come a law at this period of the session. I think
it ought not to become a law at any time.
In conclusion, I beg leave to say to my south-
ern friends, you are violating the rule of revenue
policy which you have laid down for us; you are
not standing by the men who, in exposed posi-
tions, have heretofore been willing to stand by
you. When you get into trouble hereafter 1 hope
you will have more efficientmen than I am to sus-
tain you.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President,a single word
in reply to the charge made by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, that Massachusetts voted with the
South for the extension of the slave trade in 1808.
If Massachusetts voted for* and sanctioned the
slave trade at the time to which he refers, I will
assure him and the Senate that she has long since
repented of that unhallowed deed. She does not
stand here to-day to boast of that act; and she
never will come here and appeal to Senators from
the South to stand by her, because her Represent-
atives once voted against the wishes of her people.
Her Senators, I trust, will never follow the exam-
ple set to-day by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. MASON. I wish to ask the Senator who
has just taken his seat one question. He says
"if" Massachusetts voted with the South to con-
tinue the slave trade. I desire to know from him
if she did not so vote?
Mr. WILSON. She did.
Mr. BRODHEAD. There is no doubt of it.
Mr. BUTLER. My friend from Pennsylvania
has made issues which I do not think anybody
has made but himself. If it should turn out, on
taking the vote, that there are as many men from
the North, the West,and the Northwest,in favor
of this bill as from the South, 1 should like to
know on what assumption he undertakes tomake
an issue with the South upon it. He has chosen
to make an issue, arraigning Massachusetts and
the southern States, although I believe not a single
gentleman from what are called the southern States
proper, has spoken on this subject. I do not
know upon what ground that assumption of his
is founded. He has convinced me of one thing,
however, that, whatever may be the fate of the
extremes, Pennsylvania occupies a position m
medio hitissimm ibis—that she is in no danger any
way—that let legislation take what course it may,
she is safe; I believe so. I believe she has. the
greatest elements of almost any Commonwealth in
the Union.
An appeal has been made by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, to the members from the southern
States. I do not rise to speak for them, as I
believe I am not their oldest member; but I beg
leave to tell the gentleman, that the Southern
States have proclaimed doctrines and adhered to
them, I believe, as fairly and consistently as any
portion of the Union. I do not know of an in-
stance in which my State has deviated from any
doctrine which she has propagated—not one. f
perceive, however, sir, that those who have been
most busily nailing planks upon the Baltimore
platform in relation to internal improvements, are
among the first to disregard the very structure
which they have contributed to ereet. Internal
improvements! Democratic party! Why, sir,
these are names to catch; but whenever there is a
temptation to make abigditch,oracanal, through
Michigan, who votes for it but the very apostle of
a party against the doctrine of internal improve-
ments by the Federal Government. I observe
that many, if not all, are willing tovote—and they
reconcile it to doctrine—for anything that hap-
pens for the time being to contribute to what may
be regarded their local interests under the name
of national patriotism.
Now, sir, I must confesss that I was rather
