864
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
February 21.
condition of our legislation, it was important that
whatever we did should receive the assent of all
the parties concerned—this Government, Texas,
and the creditors; and accordingly the distin-
guished Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] who
■was a member of that joint committee, ai'ier long
.conference,finally agreed to the proposition of the
committee of the House, and with great candor
■and sincerity pledged himself to use all his ioflu-
Jence to obtain the assentof Texas to the measure,
«nd he thinks it can be done. I believe that both
the Representatives from Texas upon this floor,
after conference among themselves, have agreed to
support this bill if the House shall think it proper
to pass it.
My friend and colleague upon thecommittee, from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Howe,] who originally voted
against the proposition, is now friendly to it, and
may wish to ma ice a statement. Without, there-
fore, detaining the House longer, 1 yield the floor
to him to mpke any explanation he desires.
Mr. HOWE, it was not my intention, Mr.
Speaker, to intrude any remarks upon the atten-
tion of the House at this late period of the session;
yet considering the important relation which 1
have been called upon to occupy in regard to this
measure, it is, perhaps, due to myself, as well as io
the subject, that 1 should say a few words. As
has been stated by my colleague on the committee,
[Mr. Bbeckinridoe,] I voted for the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] fixing the amountappropnated by this bill
at $0,550,000. I cast my vote on that occasion in
pursuance of the dictates of my judgment, and in
" accordance with the best information that 1 had
been able to obtain from a diligent inquiry; not on
a few days examination, but on a diligent exam-
ination of this subject, running through a period
of two years.
I may state here, sir, that, although not then a
member of the House, 1 was entirely opposed to
the annexation ofTexas. I watched the progress
of that movement, and finally saw it consum-
mated. And 1 find amongst the provisions of the
act annexing that State, a stipulation that Texas
should retain all her public lands, so as to enable
■her to settle her debts, and that in no event this
Government should ever be chargeable with the
• debts of Texas. I thought, under these circum-
stances, that this Government was never to be
'held accountable for her debts. But, by the act
-annexing Texas, we succeeded to the revenue of
Texas derived from duties upon imports, which
duties had been pledged to a certain class of her
creditors as security for the payment of the debts
:which Texas owed to them. We find ourselves
here, then, importuned by the creditors ofTexas
to pay the debts due to them, on theplea that we
have taken possession of the revenues which were
pledged to them to satisfy their claims. The prin-
ciple of our liability was recognized in 1850, at
the time of the passage of the boundary act. I
need not particularly refer to the circumstances
■which brought about the passage of that act. It
is sufficient for me to say that, in 1850, an act was
• passed by this Government making an arrange-
- ment with Texas for the settlement of her bound-
ary, and for our acquisition from Texas of a
• certain portion of her territory. Under that act,
■we acquired from'Texas—computing the area of
her territory as claimed by her in 1836—sixty-
seven millions of acres of land. I am aware that
that claim was disputed both here and elsewhere.
It was alleged that Texas had no valid claim to the
lands which she ceded. But there was a certain
portion of the territory that was ceded by the act
of 1850 to which Texas had an undoubted right. I
refer to that portion of the territory comprehended
between latitude 36° 30' north and the Arkansas
river, which was the northern boundary ofTexas,
lying in the latitude of about 38° north. As to so
much of that territory as lies between 360 30' and
38°, about one hundred miles in width, and stretch-
■ ing west at least 3°, and, lam told, stretching as
far west as the mountains, making nearly 6°—as
to all that part of Texas, I say, comprehending
from twenty to twenty-five millions of acres, there
was no dispute. I allude to this circumstance for
the purpose of saying that, although great stress
has been laid on the fact that the import duties were
pledged in payment of those debts to the creditors
ofTexas, yet the fact of the transfer of this land to
our Government constitutes as strong a claim on
- the part of thfe creditors.
Mr. GIDD1NGS, of Ohio. 1 wish to propound
a single question to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. HOWE. The gentleman from Ohio will
be good enough to excuse me until I get through.
I am not so old or experienced a~ speaker as he is;
and if I allow interruptions,.! may be thrown
from my track.
Texas, to secure her cmlitors, made a variety
of pledges. Revolutionary Governments, as we
know from our own history, are sometimes put
to great straits to raise money. Texas pledged
everything she had. She pledged her dutiesaris-
ing from imports for the payment of principal
and interest of a certain class of her debts. She
pledged her duties on imports for the payment of
interest only accruing on a certain other class of
her debts. She pledged the proceeds of her public
lands for still another class of debts. There w,as
a great variety of classes of debts against Texas
for which different pledges were made. By a
solemn resolution of the Legislature ofTexas, on
the 14th of January, 1840, she pledged the proceeds
of her public lands generally, the proceeds of her
revenues, and her public faith, for the payment of
her debts. I refer io the fifteenth section of the act
of the Legislature or Congress of Texas entitled
" An act to provide for the more certain operation
of the sinking fund to extinguish the five million
loan:"
Be it further enacted, $c., That, for the redemption of
all loans negotiated by tile authority of the Republic of
Texas, independently of tile ienervation of thesinkuifr fund,
the pioeeeds of the' public lands generally, lis revenues,
and public faith are solemnly pledged.
Here we find, on the 14th of January, 1840,
the public lands, the duties aiising from imports,
and the ptiblicfaithofTexas, pledged—everything
which she had to give, her property and her honor,
were solemnly pledged to her creditors.
Now, under this pledge comes in these public
lands, transferred to the General Government by
the boundary act of 1850, before referred to. If
the creditors of Texas might properly institute a
claim growing out of the transfer of revenues
from imports, how much higher claim might they
institute against us for the transfer of these public
lands which had been pledged to them—not, as
has been the impression of many gentlemen, lands
to which she had but ,a vague, uncertain claim,
but lands which, as I have said, and as all will
say who examine the facts—indisputably belong-
ing to herself, from latitude 36° 30' to latitude 380,
her claim to which was never questioned, and
comprising from twenty millions to twenty-five
millions of acres.
I merely allude to these matters for the purpose
of showing the House that this is a complicated
question. 1 approached its consideration under
the impression that 1 should probably not become
convinced that it was proper for this House to
give more than the $5,000,000 appropriated by
the act of 1850, with the accrued interest and the
premium. But, upon a further and fuller examin-
ation of the matter, in all its complications, I
became satisfied that it is of very great importance
to the country that the question should be settled
m some way, that it was the duty of the Senate
and House of Representatives to come to an under-
standing in regard to their disagreeing votes. I be-
came satisfied that some compromise arrangement
should bemade between them, and that this ques-
tion, moreover, had to be settled in such a way as
to receive the cooperation of the third party, the
State of Texas. Your legislation, m this matter,
to be practical, must be such as will meet the
approbation of the authorities ofTexas. Hence,
the committee of the House directed their atten-
tion to this point: What kind of legislation would
so commend itself to the authorities of Texas as
to receive their approbation, and we are satisfied
that the sum named in the bill is the smallestsum
which can receive its approbation and approval,
without which, from the very circumstances which
surround the case, our action would be wholly
ineffectual and void.
I am not in the habit of basing my action upon
my prejudices or my passions; but like a plain
businessman as I am, I take counsel of my own
judgment, and do what I think is best under the
circumstances. I am asked to state what is the
amount of the claims of the creditors of Texas.
1 would say, in reply to that question, that it
appears, from the best information accessible to
the Committer,- that the amount of claims recog-
nized by Mr. Corwin, late Secretary of the
Treasury, as falling within the provisions of the
act of 1850, including interest to the 1st July of
that year, was $8,270,769. Mr. Gushing, the
present Attorney-General, I believe, has decided
that what is called the funded $ei?t P? Texas, ana
which was omitted by Mr. Corwin, amounting ,tp
$1,711,428, ought to have been included, making
the whole ain<>uiH on the first July, J850., say
$9 982,197;.to this must, of course, be addeid the
interest smce the first July, 1850, to be determ-
ined by the existing laws of Texas—but com-
puting the interest upoti the amount at five per
cent, per annum until the first of January next,
being the earliest period at which the debt could
be paid if the bill becomes a law, it would make
the amount then due say $12,727,301.
I wish to allude to another branch of this ques-
tion that has reference to the last amendment of
the House, which requires Texas to yield all her
claims for Indian depredations. When the bill
was under consideration in the House, I did
attach considerable importance to that branch of
it, as my friend from Ohio [Mr. Campbell]
knows. I consulted with him in reference to the
proper shape which should be given to the amend-
ment in order to effect a final settlement with Texas
in case of her acceptance of the act. It appears
that Texas has in reserve against this Govern-
ment a large claim for Indian depredations. Such
is probably not the general impression in the
House, or the country, i myself supposed that
we had effected a final settlement with Texas in
1850, at the time of the passage of the boundary
act; but, upon an examination of that subject, I
think it will be found that there is no relinquish-
ment upon the part ofTexas, of her claims grow-
ing out of depredations upon the part of Indians.
Mr. HOUSTON". Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. HOWE. I have declined yielding the
floor to gentlemen upon this side of the House,
and I had rather not yield just now to any one.
I will answer any inquiry of the gentleman from
Alabama with great pleasure when I get through.
I am assured by a distinguished representative
of Texas in the other branch of Congress, that
these claims will be pressecrnpon this Government;
that it never was the intention of the authorities
of Texas to abandon them, and that this matter
was the subject of controversy to some extent,
(perhaps not in the Senate,) but certainly in the
celebrated Committee of Thirteen in 1850. He
assured me, also, that, in a conversation with the
distinguished statesman who originated this boun-
dary bill, he had distinctly stated that if it involved
an abandonment of the claim which Texas had
for Indian depredations, he would oppose the
measure; and further, that Mr. Clay told him,if
it were practicable to do so, he would willingly
insert in the bill two millions and a half more,
making twelve and a half millions instead of ten
millions, but that it would greatly complicate a
vexed question which that great statesman was
trying to adjust, and that it would be better to
make the amount §10,000,000, leaving this claim
for Indian depredations in abeyance.
Gentlemen may think that there is nothing in
this claim for Indian depredations. She alleges
that she has a good claim, growing out of the
obligations of good neighborhood at" least, and
that we were bound in good faith not to do any-
thing to the injury ofTexas. She alleges that we
transferred the Seminole, the Chickasaw, and the
Cherokee Indians, from points east of the Mis-
sissippi river, to the borders of Texas, and that
these Indians had no possessory right to the lands
upon which they were colonized by us. This is
the allegation upon the part ofTexas, and it gives
to her claim some degree of plausibility. I am
inclined to think unless this claim is settled now,
that it will prove a source of much controversy
hereafter in the Halls of Congress, and may result
ultimately in a recognition of her claim, amounting
to some four millions nearly ten years ago.
In this somewhat desultory manner, I have
endeavored to state some of the points of this case,
whieh I consider an exceedingly complicated one.
The question now before the House is, whether,
in view of all this difficulty, it is not better to
make a settlement, now ? There are some questions
which are too complicated and knotty ever to be
untied, and it is sometimes the part of wisdom to
