866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
vious question) and yield the floor to the gentle-
man from New York in order that he may make a
personal explanation, provided he renews the call
when he has finished what he has to say.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman retains
the floor, and yields to the gentleman from New-
York for personal explanation.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to say but one word
to the gentleman and the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. I have no objection to the
floor being occupied by the gentleman from New
York for a personal explanation, but 1 do object
to the committee of conference coming in here,
making two speeches in favor of the bill, calling
for the previous question, and gagging those who
desire to say one word against it.
Mr. HAVEN. If the House will permit me a
moment 1 will say that I do not want the floor for
the purpose of a personal explanation merely. I
would not take up the time of the House for that
purpose. I want to put my opinions briefly upon
the record. In doing so I think I will hardly
occupy more than five minutes. If I can get the
floor for that time, without any further condition,
I am willing to take it; otherwise I am willing to
vote on the report.
Mr. McMULLIN". I want four or five minutes
for the same purpose.
Mr. HOWE. I should be much pleased in-
deed to afford my friend from New York an oppor-
tunity to express his opinions on this subject;
but, as he says that he does not desire the floor for
a personal explanation, by yielding to him I^may
be called on by two hundred and thirty-four gen-
tlemen for the same purpose, with precisely the
same propriety. I feel, therefore, bound, as the
House has indulged me so kindly in the discursive
remarks which I have made, to put an end to the
discussion by insisting on my call for the previous
question.
Mr. McMULLIN. I believe, Mr. Speaker,
that it is now in order to move to lay the bill upon
the table.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I submit that mo-
tion.
Mr. HAMILTON. I desire to ask the Chair
a question for information. If the call for the
previous question is seconded,and the main ques-
tion ordered to be now put, will the report of the
committee of conference be divisible ?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. HAMILTON. Then the House will be
brought to vote upon the report as a whole.
The SPEAKER. The report of the committee
of conference must be voted on as a whole. It
cannot be divided, whether the call for the pre-
vious question is, or is not sustained.
Mr. HAMILTON. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay the report upon the
table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN. I withdraw my motion to
lay upon the table.
Mr. HAMILTON. I renew it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I demand the yeas
and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to—yeas 46, nays 139; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashe, llarksdale, Belchor, Caskie,
Chrisman, Cobb, Ciaige, John G. Davis, Edgerton, Ed-
mund*on, Ellison, Flagler, Fuller, Giddings, Gonde, Ham-
ilton, Hicstcr, Houston, J. Glanoy Jones, Kidwcll, Knox,
Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, Lindley, McCulloch, MeMulhn,
McQueen, Maurice, Millson, Morgan, Morrison, Murray,
Noble, Norton, Packer, Phelps, Powell, Iluflm, Russell,
Shaw, Skelton, Tracy, Wade, Elhliu B. Wasliburne, and
Vates—46. '
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Appleton, David
J. Bailey, Banks, Barry, Bell, Bennett, Benton, Bliss,
Bocock, Breckinridge, Bridges, Bristow, Campbell, Car-
penter, Carutheis, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chase, Chas-
tain, Clark, Clinpman, Cook, Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Cul-
lom, C'ummin>r, Curlis, Cutting, Thomas Davis, Dawson,
TI.1.1..   j .11 _ r-i i w
Green, Greenwood, Grey, Aaron Harlan, Andiew J.
Harlan,Harrison, Hastings, Haven, Ilendncks, Hibbard,
Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, George W. Jones, Roland
Jones, Kittredge, Kurrx, Latham, Lindsley, Lyon, Mae-
donald, McNair, Mace, Maey, Matteson, Maxwell, May,
Mayall, Meacham, Middleswarth, Smith Miller, Nichols,
Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Parker, Peckham, I'enmng-
ton, John Perkins, Pratt, Preston, Puryear, Ready, Reese,
Richardson, Riddle, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritchev, Rob-
bins, Rowe, Sabm, Sdge, Sapp, Seward, Seymour^ Shan-
non, Simmons, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, HestorL. Stevens, Stratton, Straub, John J.
Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Teller,
Thurston, Trout, Tweed, Upham, Vansant, Walbridge,
Walker, VValley, Warren, Wells, John Wcntworth, Tap-
pan Wentworth, Westbrook, Wheeler, Witte, Daniel B.
Wright, Hendrick B. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—139.
So the House refused to lay the report of the
committee of conference upon the table.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire once more to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Howe] to
withdraw his call for the previous question. I
was in the committee which examined this matter
in the first instance.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. X object. There are sev-
eral gentlemen who desire the same opportunity
for the submission of remarks upon the bill.
Mr. HAVEN. I only desire to put myself
right.
Mr. HOWE. I am admonished bygentlemen
upon my right and upon my left that i shall be
called on to yield the floor to them for the same
purpose. I should berealiyglad to accommodate
the gentleman from New York, but in doing so
now, I shall involve myself in much difficulty.
The call for the previous question received a
second, and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
The question recurred on agreeing to the report
of the committee of conference.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. If this report of the com-
mittee of conference be disagreed to, is it not
competent for the House to then ask for another
conference ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call the gentleman to
order. Debate is out of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I know when I am in order.
The SPEAKER. The House can do what it
pleases. If this report be disagreed to, another
committee of conference can be appointed.
The question was taken; and the report was
agreed to—yeas 123, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Appleton, David
J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Banks, Barry, Bell, Ben-
nett, Bliss, Breckinridge, Bridges, Bristow, Bugg, Camp-
bell, Carpenter, Chamberlain, Chandler, Chase, Clark,
Chngman, Cook, Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Cullom, Cum-
ming, Curtis, Cutting, Thomas Davis, Dawson, DeWitt,
Dick, Dickinson, Dowdell, Drum, Dunbar, Eastman, Eddy,
Thomas D. Eliot, John M. Elliott. English, Fenton, Flor-
ence, Gamble, Goodrich,Green, Grey, Andrew J. Harlan,
Harrison, Hastings, Hendricks, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt,
Kerr, Kurtz, Latham, Lindsley, Lyon, Macdonald, Mc-
Dougall, McNair, Mace, Macy,Matteson, M ax well, Mayall,
Meacham, Middleswarth, Smith Miller, Olds, Orr, Peek-
ham, Pennington, John Perkins, Phillips, Pratt, Preston,
Puryear, Ready, Reese, Riddle, David Ritchie, Thomas
Ritchey, Robbins, Rowp, Sahm, Sapp, Seward, Seymour,
Shannon, Simmons, Samnd A. Smith, William Smith,
George W. Smyth, Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Ilestor L. Stevens, Straub, David Stuart,
John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tel-
ler,Thurston, Trout, Tweed, Upham, Walbridge, Walker,
Walley, Warren, Wells, John Wentworth, Westbrook,
Wheeler, Witre, Daniel B. Wright, Hendrick B. Wright,
and ZolhcoU'er—123.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Ashe,
Barksdale, Belcher, Benson, Bonton, Bocock, Boyce,
Caruihers, Caskie, Chastain, Chrisman, Cobb, Craige,
John G.Davis, Edgerton, Edmundson, Ellison, Ethendge,
Everhart, Farley, Flagler, Fuller, Giddirigs, Goode, Grow,
Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Haven, Henn, Hibbard, IJiester,
Houston, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Roland
Jones, Kidvvell, Kittredge, Knox, Lamb, Lane, Letcher,
Lilly, Lindley, McCulloch, MeMulhn, McQ,ucen, Mau-
rice, Millson, Morgan, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Noble,
Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Packer, Parker, Phelps, Pow-
ell, Pringle, Ruffin, Russell, Sage, Shaw, Shower, Single-
ton, Skclion, Stratton, Tracy, Vansant, Wade, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Tappan Wentworth, and
Yates—77.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the report was adopted, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
question of privilege. In the Globe of this morn-
ing, which contains the proceedings of Monday
last, I am represented to have said, in reference to
my vote upon the French spoliation bill, which
was then again upon its passage in consequence
of the veto, that " I voted against the bill upon
its passage, and shall vote against it now, but I
do not wish to have ray vote considered as either
approving or disapproving the President's veto
message." This report is incorrect. I said I did
not wish my vote at that time to be considered as
a justification or approval of the reasoning of thAt
particular message.
WILLIAM H. DE FORREST.
On motion by Mr. HIBBARD, the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means were discharged from the
farther consideration of the memorial of William
H. De Forrest, claiming indemnity for the destruc-
tion of some powder by Captain Hollins, near
Greytown, and leave was granted to the memo-
rialist to withdraw the same.
PUBLIC LANDS TO RAILROADS IN ALABAMA.
The SPEAKER. Reports are now in order
from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not yet commenced.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill; which was read a first and
second time by its title, as follows:
A bill granting to the State of Alabama public lands in
alternate sections, to aid in the construction of railroads
from Mobile to Girard, from Selma to or near Gunter'a
Landing, with branches from or near Gadsden, through
Wills and Chattanooga Valleys to the eastern State line of
Alabama; from Memphis, Tennessee, to a point intersect-
ing the'-Nashville, Chattanooga and Charleston railroad, at
or near Stephenson, Alabama; from Beard's Bluff's, via
Elyton and Tuscaloosa, to s>ome point on the Mobile and
Ohio railroad, and from Montgomery to the northern State
line of Alabama, via Decatur and Athens, in said State.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read the
bill through.
Mr. WARREN. This is a railroad bill of the
ordinary character. It contains precisely the Same
guards and restrictions as the bills which "have
already passed contained. Therefore I ask that
its first reading may be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous pleasure
of the House that the first reading of the bill .be
dispensed with ?
Mr. HAMILTON. I object. I want to hear
every provision of every railroad bill.
The Clerk read the bill in exlenso.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, the House will see
that this is just such a bill as has been reported in
this body for the various States in the Union,
asking grants of lands. I will state, before I pro-
ceed to give a history of the tise and progress of
the roads which it is now proposed to be provided
for, that there are a number of roads included in
this bill. The reason that there are so many
roads embraced is, that they are being constructed
by different companies, and therefore it is neces-
sary that each one should be mentioned in the
bill. In some instances they pass for one hundred
and fifty or two hundred miles through a country
where there are but little public lands.
I will also state, for the information of the
House, that the whole length of the roads running
through the public lands embraced in this bill, is
only eight hundred and fifteen miles, while the total
length is one thousand one hundred and twenty-
nine miles and three quarters, being three hun-
dred and fourteen and three quarter miles through
a State in which there are no lands to be grante'd.
It is fair and proper that I should state these facts,
because I do not intend to take the House by sur-
prise.
Now, sir, I propose to state some facts to which
I ask the earnest attention of the Hotise, which
will show, that not only is the State of Alabama
interested in the passage of this bill, but many
others in the Union, and many of them to a much
greater extent than my own.
The Mobile and Girard railroad leads from Co-
lumbus, Georgia, to Mobile, Alabama; length two
hundred and thirty miles; connects with the Geor-
gia line of railroad northeast, and Mobile and
New Orleans southwest, passing through from
Girard, for one hundred miles, a fine agricultural
country—thence to Mobile through a poor pine
country; land extremely poor—good for nothing
but the timber. &
Capital stock, about §4,000,000; subscription
by the City of Mobile, gl,000,000; Columbus,
Georgia, §300,000; the balance by farmers, will
be paid in. Fifty-two miles in process of con-
struction ; twenty-two miles of which will be in
operation in a short time.
Now, here is something to which I ask the par-
ticular attention of gentlemen:
Benefits to result to the Government in selling;
the lands and carrying the mails. The latter, that
Ifo'n'nnn carryinS of lhe mails" can be done for
$20,000 per annum less than it now costs from
the East to Mobile and New Orleans.
Now, I call the attention of the House to the
