1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
869
to the United States Mint for coinage, of $10,000.
That is what is proposed—to make this appropri-
ation for the transportation of bullion from New
York to PbiladelphiEi for coinage. Now, my
amendment is that that $10,000 shall not pass un-
less the New York office sends to the Philadel-
phia office thebullion after it has been refined. It
is an objection to that a ppropriation. It is a lim-
itation of the appropriation. It is an objection to
its passing unless we put a proviso to it which
shall describe what is the service to be rendered
for that $10,000. Therefore, it seems to me that
it is perfectly germane to this subject. It is not, by
me, the introduction of a new proposition. 1 am
not introducing a new proposition; I am dealing
with an appropriation regularly reported; and I
say in regard to this appropriation, thus regularly
before the committee, thatit ought not to pass un-
less with an amendment limiting the terms upon
which the $10,000 are paid.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to debate this
question ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not until there has
been a ruling and an appeal. The Chair would
like to hear the explanation.
Mr. CUTTING. I will only make one further
remark.
The CHAIRMAN. The debate is not in
order. Objection is made, and the Chair must
enforce the rule. The Chair rules the amendment
out of order. It changes a construction given to
the law by the Department, and therefore, virtu-
ally changes the law.
Mr. CUTTING. I do not think that that is
exactly accurate.
The CHAIRMAN. Itis theimpression of the
Chair, and he so rules. If the committee think
otherwise, they can overrule the decision.
Mr. CUTTING. Then I take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair. I appeal on this
ground: f am introducing no new appropriation.
I am introducing no new subject-matter.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair forgot, for the
moment, that a resolution was adopted by the
House this morning closing debate upon this bill.
Under that resolution the Chair rules that debate
is out of order, unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. W1TTE. I would ask the unanimous
consent of the committee to say a very few words.
Mr. LETCHER. I object. We want to get
alons* with the business.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair held that the
amendment offered by the gentleman from New
York was out of order to this bill. From that
decision the gentleman takes an appeal. The
question now is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. CUTTING. I ask for the reading of the
eleventh section of the law.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. FULLER. If we are to vote on an appeal
from the decision of the Chair, and the reading of
that section of the law is pertinent to our voting
understanding^ on the question, I ask and hope
that it may be read.
The CHAIRMAN'. The House have closed
debate, and the Chair, objection being made to the
reading, must enforce the order of the House.
Mr. FULLER. The Chair can state the
grounds upon which he makes his decision. I
call that section of the law to the Chair's atten-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair ruled the
amendment of the gentleman from New York out
of order on the ground that it virtually changes
the existing law. The Department have given
the law a construction, which construction this
amendment proposes to modify.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the law
be read.
The CHAIRMAN. It can be read if there be
no objection.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw my objection to
the reading of the law.
The eleventh section of the law was read, as
follows:
" Sec. IX' be it further enacted, That the owner or
owners of any gold or silver bullion, in dust or otherwise,
or of anv foreign corn, shall be entitled to deposit the same
in ihe «aid office, and the treasurer thereof shall give a re-
ceipt, staling the weight and description thereof, in the man-
ner and under the regulations that are or may be provided
in like cases on deposits at the Mint of the United States,
with the treasurer thereof. And such bullion shall, with-
out delay, be melted, parted, refined, and assayed, and the
net value thereof, and of all foreign coins deposited in said
office, shall be ascertained, and the treasurer shall there-
upon forthwith issue his certificate of the net value thereof,
payable in coins of the same metal as that deposited, either
at the office of the assistant treasurer of the United States,
in New York, or at the Mint of the United States, at the
option of the depositor, to be expressed in the certificate,
which certificate shall be receivable at any time within
sixty days from the date thereof, in payment of all debts
due to the United States at the port of New York for the
full sum therein certified; sll gold or silver bullion and for-
eign coin deposited, melted, parted, refined, or assayed, as
aforesaid,shall,at the option of the depositor, be cast In the
said office into bars, ingots, or disks, either of pure metal
or of standard fineness, (as the owner may prefer,) with a
stamp thereon of such form and device as shall be pre-
scribed hy the Secretary of the Treasury, accurately desig
nating its weight and fineness: Provided, That no ingot,
bar, or disk, shall be cast of less weight than five ounces,
unless the same be of standard fineness, and of either one,
two, or three ounces in weight. And all gold or silver bul-
lion and foreign coin intended by the depositor to be con-
verted into the coins of the United States, shall, as soon as
assayed, and its net value certified as above provided, be
transferred to the Mint of the United States, under such
directions as shall be made by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and at the expense of the contingent fund of the Mint,
and shall then be coined. And the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ishereby authorized, with the approval of the President
of the United States, to make the necessary regulations
for the adjustment of the accounts between the respective
officers, upon the transfer of any bullion or coin between
the assay officer, the Mint, and assistant treasurer iu New
York."
Mr. CUTTING. Now, Mr. Chairman, it will
be seen that this amendment does not provide for
char.gingthe law, but that it is simply to give it a
construction.
Mr. W1TTE. I beg leave to read the law to
which this amendment refers. Here it is:
"And the gold and silver bullion, and foreign coin,
intended by the depositor to be converted into coins of the
United Stales, shall, as soon as assayed, and its net value
certified, as above provided, be transferred to the Mint of
the United States, under such directions as shall be made
by the Secretary of the Treasury, as the contingent fund of
the Mint, and fehall there be coined."
Now, the point I wish to make is this, and it
is a point to which I ask the attention of the com-
mittee. The bullion deposited at the assay office
in New York is to be assayed, and its net value
ascertained, but not to be refined or parted for
coinage. That must be done at the parent Mint.
If bullion sent to the different assay offices could
be refined and parted there, and stamped for
coinage, we should have a different standard of
coinage. I do not know that there has been any
different practice, and if there has been, the prac-
tice is evidently m error. The law is specific upon
that subject. Bullion may be deposited at the
assay office in New York, where it may be
assayed, and its value ascertained and certified,
but the process of refining and parting must take
place at the parent Mint, m Philadelphia.
Mr. CUTTING. It will be observed that the
quibble—I do not use the word disrespectfully 
Mr. SKELTON. I rise to a question of order.
Is this discussion in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not, if objection be
made.
Mr. SKELTON. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. Then debate upon the
question of order is out of order. In the opinion
of the Chair, the law provides for one process of
refining, and the amendment for another. Upon
this ground the Chair rules it to be out of order.
The question now being " Shall ihe decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
Mr. ORR demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Lyon and
Witte were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 76, noes 42.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained by
the committee.
The section with reference to Nebraska Terri-
tory being under consideration, the following
clause was read:
" For contingent expenses of said Territory, $1,000."
Mr. GIDDINGS, of Nebraska. I move to
amend that clause by inserting, after the word
" thousand," the words " five hundred."
That additional appropriation is recommended
by the Secretary of the Treasury, in supplemental
estimates sent in this week. It will make the
amount the same as has always been given to the
other Territories.
Mr. ORR. I tried to hear the gentleman from
Nebraska, but failed to do so. I desire to say to
him that I have prepared an amendment to the
same paragraph, to strike out "one thousand,"
and insert" two thousand six hundred and twenty-
five," and to add " and the accounting officers of
the Treasury shall audit and pay out of eaid sum
the amount expended by acting-Governor Cura-
ming in removing the remains of the late Governor
Burt from Nebraska to his late residence in South
Carolina." I ask the gentleman from Nebraska
to accept of my amendment, adding $500 to the
sum; so as to make it $3,125.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I accept that as a modifica-
tion of my amendment.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I propose the folio wingamend-
ment, to come in after line seven hundred and
twenty-nine:
For the expenses of taking the ccnsus authorized by the
fourth sectiou of act of May 30, 1854, $2,000.
I have only this explanation to give of this
amendment; that is, that it is in accordance with
estimates. By the act organizing the Territories
of Kansas and Nebraska, it was provided that a
census should be taken before the first election for
members of the Territorial Legislature, and there
was a provision, furthermore, that the persons
employed by the Governor to take the census
should receive a reasonable compensation for the
same. No appropriation has yet been made for
that purpose, and the Secretary of the Treasury
recommends this amount.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to add $500 to the ap-
propriation for contingent expenses of Kansas
Territory, so as to make the amount $1,500 in-
stead of $1,000. It is in accordance with the
same estimate to which the gentleman from Ne-
braska referred.
«Mr. LETCHER. What is the reason for the
increase ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Just because the
other Territories have it.
Mr. LETCHER. Weought to understand it.
Mr. PHELPS. The committee have just now,
upon the motion of the gentleman from Nebraska,
added $500 to the appropriation for the contingent
expenses of Nebraska Territory. The Secretary
of the Treasury h*s submitted to this House esti-
mates for $500 additional for the contingent ex-
penses of each of those Territories. Those esti-
mates were not before the Committee of Ways
and Means at the time when the bill was prepared.
The estimates were submitted at the beginning of
the week, if I mistake not.
Mr. ORR. But they have been printed.
Mr. PHELPS. Yes, they have been printed
and laid before members. No estimates had been
submitted by the Governors of those Territories
at the time the annual estimates of the Secretary of
the Treasury were made up.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I have another amendment;
to provide for the expenses of taking the census in
Kansas. It is as follows:
For the expenses of taking the census authorized by the
fourth section of act of May 3(1, 1854, $-2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment, to come under the head of Kansas
Territory:
For expenses of the election of a Delegate to the House
of Representatives of the United States, second session of
the Thirty-Second Congress, $700.
Mr. LETCHER. Where is that to come in ?
Mr. HOUSTON. At the end of line seven
hundred and thirty-seven.
Mr. LETCHER. How did that Delegate come
here ? There was no such Territory at that time.
By what authority was he elected '/
Mr; HOUSTON. It is intended for this Con-
Mr". LETCHER. It reads the Thirty-Second
Congress. , ,
Mr. HOUSTON. That is a mistake. It should
be changed to the Thirty-Third. It is in pur-
suance of an estimate.
Mr. LETCHER. It is all right I suppose.
But a Delegate came here, during the last Con-
gress, who was not elected by any authority, and
I do not want to pay him.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following clause was then read:
" For salaries of the district Judges, $72,000."
