872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
from, and one hundred and fifty cleared for for-
eign countries; that ninety-three vessels with an
aggregate of seventy thousand seven hundred and
eighty-four tons were built during the past year,
exceeding the amount built in any district in the
United States; that the tonnage of the district
on the 31st of December last, registered, enrolled,
and licensed, was one hundred and seventy-nine
thousand five hundred and forty-eight tons, and
that the receipts of the post office at Bath, for the
year ending September 30, were $5,591 82.
In consideration of these facts, and others which
might be stated, showing the entire insufficiency
ana unfitness of the rooms now used for the cus-
tom-house and post office, it seems to me that we
cannot hesitate to complete the building designed
for both, according to the original plan. I am
authorized to state that the Committee on Com-
merce, on the part of the Senate, being < f that
opinion, unanimously recommend this amend-
ment, and that seven out of fhe nine members of
the House committee concur with them. And I
trust this committee will be of the same opinion.
Mr. LETCHER. Report the amendment
again.
The amendment was a<*ain reported.
Mr LETCHER. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. BENSON, (interrupting.) Will thegentle-
roan from Virginia give way till the letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury be read.
The following letter was then read:
Treasury Department, January 19,1855.
Sir: In reply to your letter of the 5th instant, I have the
honor to state that a contract for the granite work of the
Bath custom-house was made with Charles Webb for the
sum of $31,676 13. Mr. Webb also offered to execute the
remaining work of the building for the additional sum of
£19,924 42, amounting together to the sum of $51,600 55.
to meet Hits, there remained a balance of appropriations
amounting to $33,000, to which add the probable amount
to be derived from the sale of the old custom-house and lot,
$2,500; giving a total available amount of $33,500,
Supposing that Mr. Webb would carry out his offer in
good faith, an additional appropriation ot #20,000 was asked
by the Department, and given by Congress during the last
session, making a gross sum of $55,50d.
Immediately after the appropnation, Mr. Webb was
notified that his proposal for the additional work, at
$19,924 42, was accepted, and that contracts would be pre-
pared for his signature. Mr. Webb declined to execute the
contract upon the grounds of the enhanced value of labor and
materials, and demanded the additional sum of $11,714 58
to complete the work. That amount does not, though it
is considered high, include the cost of superintendence and
other contingent expenses, which will probably amount to
$4,000. The building, it is believed, can be finished com-
plete for the additional sum of $10,000.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
JAMES GUTHRIE, Secretary o/ the Treasury.
Hon. S. p. Benson, House of Representatives.
Mr. BENSON. One word more, I wish
eimply to say that in consequence of the restric-
tions which were last year imposed in the bill by
which $20,000 were appropriated to the Bath cus-
tom-house, the Secretary of the Treasury has been
unable to enter into a contract witii any parties
to finish the work. It has been entirely suspended,
and must so remain until this additional appropri-
ation is made.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, I stated here
last session that, although every custom-house
had been regularly finished at each session since
1 have been in Congress, not one of them is yet
completed, and that I would venture to say that,
should I come back here for ten years to come, I
would never hear of any one of them not being
embraced in the bill. Gentlemen, then—the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Benson] among others—
assured me that if they got the appropriations
looked for last year they would never come back
to look for further appropriations to complete
these custom-houses.
Mr. BENSON, (interrupting.) Do I under-
stand the gentleman to say that I made such a
pledge ?
Mr. LETCHER. So I understood last year.
Mr. BENSON. The honorable gentleman mis-
understood me then. 1 said no such thing, Mr.
Chairman, because I was at the time fearful that
the sum would not be enough. I carefully ab-
stained from making any assertion last year that
I should have to retract this. But I do say now,
that I believe this sum will complete the build-
ing.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I have been wronging
the gentleman; but will the committee just hear
what the Secretary of the Treasury says on the
•ubject in his report last year ?
He says " the present appropriation of $20,000
is asked for this purpose, and, if made, would com-
plete the whole works in and about said custom-
house."
Now, sir, that representation was made. I was
under the impression that the gentleman from
Maine concurred in that representation; but as he
says he did not, I, of course, take back what I
said in that respect. But here is the representation
of the officer of the Government, who said that if
that appropriation of $20,000 were made, it would
accomplish the purpose. Sir, that appropriation
was made, and now gentlemen come forward and
ask for an appropriation of half as much as the
whole sum specified as necessary to complete it
last session. The gentleman says there were re-
strictions. True, sir, it was the intention of Con-
gress, at the time the appropriation was made, to
impose restrictions; but I do notdeem itnecessary
now to read the provision, as 1 imagine it is famil-
iar to every member of the House.
But, sir, I have not much idea that 1 can pre-
vent these expenditures even if they ask appro-
priations for ten years to come. And yet 1 enter
my protest, as one, against the action on the part
of the Departments of the Government. When
they make an estimate; when they say that a cer-
tain sum will effect a certain result, they should
make their estimate on such data as would enable
them to make it correctly, so that it can be de-
pended upon. I have said all that I intended to
say on the subject.
Mr. FULLER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the appropriation one dollar.
I make that motion for the purpose merely of
having an opportunity to do justice to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury in this matter, although I am,
also, in favor of this appropriation. It is right
that truth and justice should be vindicated.
Mr. BENSON, (interrupting.) Will my col-
league allow me to make an explanation ?
Mr. FULLER. Not for a moment yet. The
Secretary of the Treasury made his estimate last
year on previous offers that had been made. The
building was to be erected of granite; but the con-
tractor has refused to comply with his contract.
The Secretary will have the building completed
with the appropriation voted him by Congress,
but some of it will have to be done with brick in-
stead of granite. A portion of the building is
nowcompleted with granite. TheSecretary stands
upon his own recommendation, and has wished
simply to state the facts to Congress, and then it
is for Congress to judge. The Secretary has not
exhibited any inconsistency whatever in the mat-
ter. I say this in justice to him. It will cost more
than the estimate furnished to him to complete
the building in granite; and if the additional ap-
propriation be not made he will have a cheaper
material substituted, and the building completed.
I submit that the Secretary has done what all
other practical men would have done; what every
man who builds a house and finds some unfore-
seen contingency arise, would have done. And
now, sir, whether or not, after this building is
partially competed with granite, whether or not
we should change the material of its construction,
and carry out the remainder of it with brick, is a
fuestion which I submit to the discretion of the
[ouse. I suppose that it is preferable to complete
it with granite, and, therefore, the Committee on
Commerce think that this additional appropriation
should be made.
Mr. LETCHER. T believe that all that has
been stated is in miscellaneous document No. 5,
of last session of Congress, which I will read to
the committee. Here is what the Secretary of
the Treasury says on the subject of the Bath
custom-house:
The plans and specifications for this building were pre-
pared with much caro and study to answer the purposes
contemplated, and with special reference to the mo t eco-
nomical fire-proof manner; and it was expected that they
could be executed in a proper manner for the amount of
the appropriation.
Bid-j were solicited by advertisement of January 12,1853,
for sixty days; but, owing to the great advance in the
prices of labor and materials, the lowest bids in the aggre-
gate amounted to much more than the appropriation ; and
as this was a contingency which Congress could not have
anticipated, and there being no way of reducing the cost of
the building to within the amount of the appropriation
without entirely spoiling the same, the Departmentdecided
to bring the matter to the attention of Congress by asking
for the additional appropriation of $20,000, feeling'assured
it would meet with proper consideration.
Contracts have only been made for the foundations and !
the stone and brick-work.
Estimated aggregate of lowest bids $47,964
Contingencies at ten per cent., (about)  4,664
$52,623
  32,628
Amount now available 
Amount asked for     $20,000
The appropriation of $20,000 was given on that
statement of facts at the last session of Congress.
And now $10,000 more is asked. 1 should like
to know from the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Foo-
ler] whether or not this recommendation was
insisted on with the other recommendations to the
Committee of Waysand Means, or whetherit was
not put forward as a recommendation coming from
the Treasury Department ?
Mr. FULLER. I would say that the Secre-
tary of the Interior sent a communication to the
Committee on Commerce of the character of that
which has been read, but upon personal applica-
tion by parties interested, and upon a statement
of the facts of the case, that communication was
withdrawn. The committee have reported a bill
making an additional appropriation for the cus-
tom-house at Bath, for the custom-house at Mo-
bile, and for changing the plan of the custom-house
at Milwaukee.
Mr. LETCHER. Have these recommenda-
tions been published for the benefit of the House?
Mr. FULLER. They were called for by the
authority of the committee.
Mr. LETCHER. Precisely, by the authority
of the committee; and nobody knows that they
have come from the Treasury Department, but
they are used here upon applications for appropri-
ations to these custom-houses.
Mr. FULLER. The committee would have
reported them and had them printed weeks ago, if
they could have had an opportunity of doing so.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know whether this
thing can be stopped; but if it cannot be stopped, it
would be just as well to place the whole Treasury
of the United States at the disposal of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and let him expend itas he
Mr. FULLER. I withdraw my amendment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Benson's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
The following clause was read:
" For salary of the dragoman of the legation to Turkey,
$2,500."
Mr. CHANDLER. At the end of the clause
just read I move to add the following:
For the payment of the draft of Francis Dainese, late
United States consul-for Constantinople, being for com-
pensation, under the act approved August 11, 1848, for his
services from May 16, 1849, to December 20, 1852, inclu-
sive, $3,594 40. ' '
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
This appears to be a private claim.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is no private claim, but
it is the salary of an officer of the Government, for
which I wish to provide by the amendment 1 have
offered.
Mr. LETCHER. A salaried officer, not pro-
vided for by law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that the question, whether the amendment sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Pennsylvania is in
order or net, would depend upon the fact whether
the payment of this officer is provided for by
existing law. If it is not, the Chair would decide
that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. It is manifest, I think, that
the salary of this person is not provided for by
law.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment states
that it is for compensation under the act approved
11th of August, 1848, and if, in point of fact, that
law authorizes the payment of this money, the
amendment submitted by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is in order, and not otherwise.
Mr. LETCHER. If the law authorizes the
payment why was not the money paid ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Because there was no
appropriation made. Let me read the law upon
that point : r
" That in consideration of the duties herein imposed upon
^commissioner, there shall be paid to him, out of the
Treasury of tile United States, annually the sum of,®! 000
in addition to his salary, and there shall also be paid annu-
iJr «.i°nr\r! •' !llc sa'£! consuls, for a like reason, the sum
of $1,000, m addition to consul fees."
I find the following in the same law:
" That the word < commissioners,' when used in this act,
snail be understood to mean persons vested with and exer-
