1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
eising the principal diplomatic functions in China, and the
word 'minister'as meaning a person vested with the powers
of chief diplomatic functionary of llie United States in Tur-
key, and the word • consul' shall be understood to moan
any person vested by the United States with, and exercising
the. consular authority in any ot the five porta in China
named in the treaty, or any port in Turkey."
The compensation of this officer is fixed by law
at $1,000, and the amendment I have offered only
asks an appropriation to pay this salary. The
Committee on Foreign Relations have examined
this subject and instructed me to report the amend-
ment now under consideration.
JMr. LETCHER. 1 would inquire who re-
ceived the money that was appropriated in 1852?
Mr. CHANDLER. There never was a dollar
appropriated to anybody for the compensation
here claimed.
Mr. LETCHER. Did not Mr. Brown get it?
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. Brown was not con-
sul. He was the dragoman.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The appropriation for that
purpose was put in the deficiency bill, but the bill
was defeated; and when a new bill was presented
it was left out by some means.
The CHAIRM AN. Upon the statement of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, the Chair thinks
that the amendment is in order.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to know of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
what information he has about this matter. If it
is a legitimate appropriation, why was it not in-
corporated into this bill by the Committee of
Ways and Means?
Mr. HOUSTON. There was no estimate sub-
mitted fo the Committee of Ways and Means
touching this subject in any way whatsoever. I
understand it to be a claim from a former consul
at Constantinople, under the law of 1848. A
contest existed for a considerable length of time
as to the consulate at Constantinople, as whether
that consulship was withiu the piovisions of the
law. Since that time, it has been settled in favor
of Mr. Carr, of Maryland, and now this gentle-
man, whose claim is here presented, is presenting
a claim for $1,000 a year for the time he occupied
the consulship at Constantinople. This is not all of
his claim, howeven It seems that he claims some
further amount for contingent and other expenses.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not urge that now,
and have not offered it.
Mr. PECKHAM. The first claim is all that
is presented in the amendment.
Mr. APPLETON. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandif.r,]
whether the gentleman in whose favor he is ap-
plying for a compensation, held the office of con-
sul during the length of time for which compen-
sation is asked, so as to entitle him to it?
Mr. CHANDLER. He did. He acted first
as vice consul, afterwards as acting consul, and
finally as consul. But the latter clause of the act
which I have read shows that any person who dis-
charges,under due authority, the duties of the con-
sul was properly to be considered as consul. That
is the meaning of the law. Fie acted as consul
for a long time, and was our representative there
until he wrs recalled.
Mr. APPLETON. Did not this gentleman
act as vice consul for a short time, and afterwards
was he not removed ?
Mr. CHANDLER. This gentleman was first
appointed vice consul, and performed the duties
of that office first as such, and afterwards as act-
ing consul. Afterwards a disturbance arose be-
tween him and other officers, which was referred
to Mr. Webster, then Secretary of State, and Mr.
Webster sustained his course, reinstated him, and
promoted him to a full consulship, and an order
was issued for the commander of the United
States squadron in the Mediterranean to convey
him to his post in a national vessel, and land him
at Constantinople under full honors. In Mr.
Dainese's absence from Constantinople he was
represented by a Mr. Vigoureux, who was rec-
ogn zed by the Department of State as acting
under Mr. Dainese's responsibility; but before
Mr. Dainese reached there he was recalled, for
reasons that have nothing to do with the claim
here presented. It has, however, appeared, and
will be shown when the other claim is presented,
that the statements on which the recall was made
were unfounded.
But there can be no doubt that, while this man
was the recognized incumbent of that office, he
873
was entitled to the compensation upon the princi-
ple " qui facit per alimn faoit per se." Any man
discharging those duties, under the authority of
the Department, whether he be consul or vice
consul, is, by the law which I hold in my hand,
entitled to the compensation. He claims nothin"-
after he was recalled, and nothing before he was
appointed. The law says that the word "con-
sul" shall be understood to mean any person hold-
ing consular authority in any of the five ports of
China named in the treaty, or in Turkey, and
shall receive $1,000 per year as a judicial officer.
Hia position was in Turkey.
Mr. APPLETON. Was this recommended by
the Department?
Mr. CE1ANDLER. I know that his draft was
presented to the Department, and the answer to
that was, that payment thereof was declined only
for the leant of the necessary appropriation. The
House will recollect that they never made an
appropriation until ]852 to pay for the judicial
services of officers at Constantinople, though the
appropriation was always made for those in China.
In 1852 we did make an appropriation for Mr.
Carr, who served in Constantinople.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think what has occurred
in debate here ought to be satisfactory to the
committee that this matter is not properly in place
as an amendment to the civil and diplomatic bill.
Mr. PECKHAM. Does the gentleman appeal
from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not making a point of
order. 1 am presenting an argument to the com-
mittee, and I am presenting it especially to my
friend from New York.
Mr. PECKHAM. I am happy to be con-
sidered with so much attention by the gentleman
from Alabama; but nevertheless I must make a
point of order upon him. A point of order was
raised as to the admissibility of this amendment.
The Chair decided it to be in order. From that
decision no appeal was taken, and, therefore, it is
not in order now to discuss the point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. Thatistrue; butthegen-
tleman from Alabama was not discussing the
point of order, but was opposing the amendment
and speaking to its merits.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from New
York is orify a little too hasty. 1 was going to
present the case to the committee in opposition,
of course, to the amendment, and not in reference
to the point of order. I desire to call the attention |
of the committee to the facts which have been
developed in this conversation which has taken
place between my friend from Massachusetts [Mr.
Appleton] and my friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Chandler ]
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to remind him of an occurrence? This claim,
and for a much larger amount, was, after discus-
sion and examination, placed in the deficiency bill I
last year. That hill was rejected on account of !
us containing appropriations for certain custom- '
houses, and the Committee of Ways and Means \
brought in another bill which they told us was [
identical with the one which had been rejected,
with the exception that it excluded the appropria-
tions for thecusiom-houses. I supposed that that
bill contained this item, and it went through the
House. J was greatly surprised, as were others,
to find, afterwards, that this appropriation had
been left out of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not see why the gen-
tleman should look to me for that.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I want to inform the gen-
tleman and the committee that the claim was in-
vestigated then by the House and the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not said it was not.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My object was to make
an explanation to the committee of the occurrences
which then took place.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, it seems,
from what has transpired, that there are two I
claimants for the very time covered by this claim, j
This, then, being oneof the general appropriation ■
bills—not a bill m which it is necessary and proper
to adjudicate the difference between parties, but j
one intended to carry out existing laws of the ;
land—it seems to me that it is not the place in I
which to settle the contest between Mr. Brown \
and Mr. Dainese. |
Mr. CHANDLER. There is no dispute be- j
tween Mr. Brown and this claimant. Mr. Brown j
is dragoman, and gets his pay every year. :
n/i ' 'ON. I understood my friend from
Massachusetts to say that there was a dispute
between Mr. Bjown and Mr. Dainese.
Mr. APPLETON. I should have said Mr.
Holmes and Mr. Dainese.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then there is another gen-
tleman claiming for this time, besides Mr Dainese?
Mr. APPLETON. Yes, sir.
Mr. WHEELER. Who is Mr. Holmes? I
understand that he was a missionary at Constan-
tinople at the time, and had a personal difficulty
with this man. That is the whole case, as I un-
derstand it.
. M''- HOUSTON. I do not care whether it is
Mr. Brown, or Mr. Holmes, or anybody else.
Either illustrates the view which I intend to pre-
sent to the committee, and it is that this isa claim
of a character which ought not to go into a general
appropriation bill. It is offered as an amendment
to this bill; and at a time when the committee
cannot go into the investigation of the case, which
it ought to, before we settle the rights of these
parties. I hope the committee will vote down the
amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment:
From the nine hundred and nineteenth line, strike out
" forty,*' and in lieu thereof insert " sixty,,f so that tile-
paragraph will read, if amended,
Fur contingent expenses of foreign intercourse, $60,000.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. DRUM. I submit the following amend-
ment: After the provision for the compensation of
the consuls to the five ports in China, insert m
follows:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
and directed to pay to James Keenan, consul at Hong Kong,
in China, the sum of $581 58, expended by him for the relief
of American citizens shipwrecked in Chinese waters irt
August I ist: Provided, That ifie account and vouchers shall
b' tiled in the office ot the Secretary of Stale, and the claim
be first approved by bun.
Mr. Chairman, in August last an American
ship was cast away upon one of the islands near
the coast of Japan. The passengers, who were
American citizens, remained there about twenty
days, living in a state of almost destitution. Their
food was roots and such other edibles as they
could procure there. They were finally taken off
by an American man of war, and sent to Hong
Iiong. Mr. Keenan, the present consul there,
took charge of them. He provided for them until
they could get away.
The amendment is a simple one. It appropri-
ates $581 58 to reimburse Mr. Keenan. The
vouchers are in the State Department. I have
a letter from Mr. Marcy, who says that he is
perfectly satisfied with them, but that he can do
nothing with the claim because there is no appro-
priation made to pay it. Therefore I ask that the
appropriation be made here to pay Mr. Keenan
for the actual expenses which he incurred in pro-
tecting American citizens.
Mr. HOUSTON. The next item contains an
appropriation for cases of this description.
Mr. DRUM. That provides for seamen; my
amendment is for American citizens who were
passengers.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. FULLER. I offer the following amend-
ment; after the words,
" For the relief and protection of American seamen in
foreign countries, $125,000,"
insert as follows:
And u shall be lawful for the President of the United States
to cause such measures to be taken as, in Ins opinion, may
be expedient tor providing convenient accommodations,
medical assistance, necessary attendance and supplies for
the rehef of sick and disabled seamen of the United States
who may be at or near the port of Havana, in case the
same may be done with the assentofthe Government having
jurisdiction over the port; and for this puipo-^e to establish
such regulations and to authorize the employment of such
persons as be may judge proper; and that for defraying the
expenses thereof a suni not exceeding ^10,000 ha, and the
same is hereby, appropriated, out of any moneys m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That amendment
is not in order. There is no law authorizing it.
it involves an expenditure for the purchase of a
place upon which to erect the establishment.
Mr. FULLER. I differ with the gentleman.
