874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
I think I can show that the amendment is in
order. The amendment which I offer is a qualifi-
cation of the appropriation which it follows. It
limits the expenditure of the appropriation. Itis
copied from the second section of an act passed
in 1802, under Mr. Jefferson's administration,
■which made similar regulations at the port of New
Orleans while it was under Spanish authority.
Mr. JONES. I have raised a question of order,
and ask the Chair to decide it.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment seems to
confer a new power upon the Executive in this
matter of taking care of our seamen, and, in the
opinion of the Chair, is out of order.
Mr. FULLER. I beg to respectfully call the
Chair's attention to one fact. The paragraph in
the oill to which this is an amendment is for the
relief and protection of American seamen in for-
eign countries.
Mr. LETCHER. Does the gentleman appeal
from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. FULLER. 1 have the Chair's consent to
make an explanation.
Mr. LETCH ER. I rise to a question of order.
The question lias been decided, and debate is not
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would be glad
to hear the gentleman's explanation, but debate is
objected to, and cannot be allowed.
Mr. FULLER. This is a question of import-
once, and 1 ask the indulgence for a brief explana-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Virginia withdraw his objection?
Mr. LETCHER. I do not.
Mr, FULLER. I wish to state but one fact. I
appeal to the Chair to reverse his ruling. I am sure
he will do it when he hears the fact of the case.
Here is a sum of money appropriated for the pro-
tection of American seamen in foreign countries.
That has necessarily to be expended under the
direction of the President of the United States, and
is not a matter that is now regulated by law. My
amendment, therefore, violates no law now in ex-
istence. The expenditure of the money is in the
President's discretion. This amendment is a
restriction upon the expenditure of the money. Is
it out of order to specify the manner in which
$10,000 of the appropriation shall be expended ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Let me ask the gentleman a
question. Suppose he should offer a proposition
to take this #125,000 to build houses with 
Mr. FULLER. That is not what I propose.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is a parallel case.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any existing law
directing the appropriation of this money ?
Mr. FULLER. There is none; and its expendi-
ture is at the President's discretion. I propose but
to limit $10,000 of it.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no law directing
the expenditure of this amount, the Chair is dis-
posed to reconsider his decision, and to decide that
it is in order to limit the manner in which the
amount appropriated shall be expended. Gentle-
men will readily perceive the difficulties under
which the Chair labors in deciding questions rela-
ting to laws which he has not before him. If there
be no law specifying the manner in which the
appropriation shall be expended, the Chair prefers
that the committee shall decide for themselves
whether they will limit its expenditure as the
amendment proposes.
Mr. FULLER. There is no such law.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair will rule
the amendment to be in order.
Mr. FULLER. I now call for the reading of
the letters of the Secretary of the Treasury and
the consul at Havana, which will explain the
whole matter.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, I
think if the gentleman from Maine 
Mr. FULLER. Does the gentleman from Ten-
nessee appeal from the decision of the Chair? If
he does not, I have the floor.
Mr. JONES. I will say to the Chair that the
amount of this appropriation is authorized by law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not rule the
amendment in order upon the ground that the
original appropriation in the bill was not autho-
rized by law, but upon the ground that, by the
statement of the gentleman from Maine, there is
no law specifying the disposition of the appro-
priation. If this be so, the Chair decides the
amendment, proposing as it does to simply limit
the disposition of a portion of the appropriation,
is not out of order. If there is any law directing
how the money shall be expended, the Chair will
be happy to have his attention called to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. This appropriation is as old
as the appropriation bills. This amount has been
expended regularly and constantly every year,
and I take it for granted, although I cannot at
this moment turn to the precise provision, that
the expenditure is regulated by law.
Mr. FULLER. The gentleman is mistaken.
There is no such regulation by law.
Mr. HOUSTON. I take it for granted there is.
I will send for the law.
Mr. PECKHAM. I hope the committee will
not take it for granted until they hear the law.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there a question of
order raised?
Mr. HOUSTON. I have raised no question of
order. 1 merely stated to the Chair what I under-
stand to be the facts.
Mr. FULLER. If the Chair will allow the
letters to which I have referred, to be read, I think
they will throw some light upon the question of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The letters will be read,
unless objection be made.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That amendment
virtually authorizes the President to construct a
hospital at Havana.
Mr. FULLER. No such thing.
Mr. JONES. It is to provide for the accom-
modation of sick seaflnen, and I should like to know
what they want but hospital accommodations?
Mr. FULLER. Inpoint offact.theamountof
money here authorized to be expended at Havana
is annually expended there. Thia amendment
only provides the manner in which it shall be ex-
pended. If the committee had allowed the letters
to which I alluded to be read, they would have
shown the necessity there is for this provision.
During the prevalence of the epidemic at Havana,
some two hundred American seamen died there.
They were thrown into bags and buried, for
which the authorities charged our Government
twenty-five dollars each. Now, this amendment
proposes that in future, when our seamen die there,
they shall be buried in coffins, and that they shall
be attended to when they are sick. I call for the
reading of those letters.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is compelled
to say that this discussion is not in order except
by the consent of the committee. The Chair de-
sired to obtain information upon the subject.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. Here is the law to which I
referred. I ask the Clerk to read it.
The section was read, as follows:
t( Sec. 4. Jind be it farther enacted^ That it shall be the
dutyot the consuls, vice consuls, commercial agents, or vice
commercial agents of the United States, from time to time,
to provide lor the mariners and seamen of the United States,
who may he found destitute within their districts respect-
ively, sufficient subsistence and passages to some port in
the United States, in the most reasonable manner, at the
expense of the United States, suhjcct to such instructions
as the Secretary of State shall give ; and that all masters
and commanders of vessels belonging to cmzens of the
United States, and bound to some port of the same, are
hereby required and enjoined to take such manners or
seamen on board of their ships or vessels, at the request of
the said consuls, vice-consuls, commercial agents, or vice
commercial agents le&peciively, and to transport them to
the port in the United States to wlni.li such ships or vessels
may be bound, on such terms not exceeding ten dollars for
each person, as may be agreed between the said master and
consul, or commercial agent. And the said mariners or
seamen shall, if able, be bound to do duty on board such
ships or vessels according to their several abilities: Pro-
vided, That no mastet or captain of any ship or vessel shall
be obliged to take a greater number than two men toevery
one hundred tons burden of the satd ship or vessel, on any
voyage ; and if any such captain or master shall refuse thy
same on the request or order of the consul, vice consul,
commercial agent, or vice commercial agent, such captain
or master shall forfeit and. pay the sum of §100 for each
mariner or seaman s>o refused, to be recovered for the ben-
efit of the United States in any court of competent juris-
diction. And the certificate of any such consul or com-
mercial agent, given under his hand and official seal, shall
be prima facie evidence of such refusal in any courtof law
having jurisdiction for the recovery of the penalty afore-
said."
Mr. FULLER. There is nothing in that law
which applies to this case. Thatis to provide for
sending foreign seamen home. I call for the read-
ing of the letters.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee. I move that the
committee do now rise.
The question was put, and the motion was not
agreed to.
Mr. FULLER. Again I call for the reading of
the letters.
The Clerk then read the following letters:
Treasury Department, February 9, 1853.
Sir : I have tile honor to submit, for the information and
consideration of the Committee on Commerce, a copy of a
letter from W. II. Robertson, E«q., acling consul of the
United States at Havana, setting forth the neglect, suffer-
ing, and consequent mortality of sick American seamen m
that port. Similar representations have heretofore been
verbally made at the Department, leading to the conviction
that the condition of seamen overtaken by disease, and
compelled to leave their vessels for relief, >s appalling.
Many die who, with reasonable care, would be restored to
health, to their professions, and their families.
The third section of the act of 16th July, 1798, evidently
contemplates the expenditure within the United States of
the fund arising from the tax on seamen. The first section
of the net of 3d May, 1802, enlarges the powers of the
President in respcctto thin fund, but as the second section
makes special provision for a case without, the conclusion
is, that the fund is still subject to the restriction contained
in the former act.
Louisiana, at the time of the passage of the latter act,
had not been ceded to the United States, and New Orleans
was then a foreign port. There is, therefoie. an exact
analogy between that port at that period, and Havana at
the present, in that particular, as well as in those of climate,
and its diseases, the character and habits of the local pop-
ulation, &c. .
Under these circumstances, I respectfully recommend
that provision similar to that contained in the act of 1802,
be made for sick American seamen at Havana, but that the
amount may be ^10,000, instead of that therein contained.
I am, very respectfully, &c.,
5 3 V JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. T. J. D. Follfr, Chairman Committee on Ctowt-
merce, House of Representatives.
United States Consulate, ?
Havana, January 21, 1855. J
Sir: While in Washington last August, I had the honor
of a brief intei view wuh you on the subject of a United
States hospital in this city. I stated to you that we had
lost some two hundred sailors, in the private hospitals with
" vomito " the past summer, not oneof which were buried
wuh a coffin—-the hospitals charging at the same time for
each one twenty-five dollars for ihcir burial expenses—
which includes a coffin, but m no instance that I can learn,
lias a coffin ever been furnished.
These hospitals are owned by individuals, over which
there is no supervision, and the poor sailor is left to the
tender mercies of the managers; in owe instance, where the
individual had strength of constitution enough to overcome
disease, neglect, and suffering, he complained at this office
of the treatment he had to suffer, saying that it would be
more humane, on their being attacked, to sew them up in
a blanket with sufficient weights to sink them and throw
them overboard. I am informed that representation after
representation has been made to different administiations,
without producing any result or notice, although it cries
aloud for rejorms or something done in a place where so
much suffering exists during the summer.
Pardon me, if X betray a weakness in sympathizing with
the poor sailor, and attribute it to the fact, that I am obliged
to witness so much of their suffering.
I am satisfied that, with a small appropriation by the
Government, for the procurement of furniture, medicine,
and the payment of rent and nurses, that the hospital would
support itself after the first year, even under reduced
charges, and procuring to each a decent burial in a coffin.
It is my intention to have an interview with the Captain
General on tin* subject, the result I may be able to give
you by the next steamer.
I am with great respect and consideration, your obedient
servant, WILLIAM II. ROBERTSON,
JJcting Consul.
To the Hon. James Guthrie, Secretary of ike Treasury 
Before the reading of the letters was concluded,
Mr. PECKHAM. I object to the reading of
those letters. The time of the gentleman from
Maine has expired, and he only claimed the right
to have them read as a part of his speech.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
that there was no objection to the reading.
Mr. WHEELER. I beg the Chair's pardon.
1 objected as distinctly as I ever do,and theChair
never attended to me.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not hear
the gentleman.
Mr. PECKHAM. I also objected; and the
gentleman from Maine then stated that he would
have the letters read as a part of his speech. I
desire only to save time. No one is listening to
the reading.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inquire of
the gentleman from Maine if he asked to have the
papers read as a part of his speech ?
Mr. FULLER. I did at one time, but a great
deal of discussion took place after that.
The CHAIRMAN. Did the gentleman have
the papers read as part of his speech ?
Mr. PULLER. I cannot say that.
The CEEAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York says that he did, and the Chair will take the
