876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
An act for the relief of Christian King, Thomas King, and
Bayliss King:
Whereas, Elijah King, a free man of color, has recently
died possessed of real estate valued at $6,000 or $7,000,
leaving no will, but a widow, Christian King, and two sons,
Thomas and Bayliss King, slaves, belonging to Robert Car-
ter, of Virginia; and whereas the said Carter has promised
to manumit said slaves upon condition that Congress will
pass an act to enable them to hold the property left by the
said Elijah King, which they cannot now do without a
special act: Therefore—
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the said Christian King, Thomas King, and Bayliss King
be, and they are her, by, authorized to possess, hold, and
enjoy the said property so left by said Elijah King, upon
condition that they furnish proper evidence of their having
been manumitted by the said Robert Carter.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object.
Mr. McMULLIN. I now renew the motion
that the House adjourn.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
The House thereupon, at twenty minutes past
four o'clock, adjourned till to-morrow at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 22, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milbctrn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT CLEVELAND.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
(Senate a report of the Secretary of thS Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, information relative to the erection
of a building for the accommodation of the custom-
house and other public buildings, at Cleveland,
Ohio; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of
William A. Powell, praying for further compen-
sation for his services in executing the historical
painting of the discovery of the Mississippi by
foe Soto, for the vacant panel in the Rotunda of
the Capitol; which was referred to the Committee
on the Library.
Also, the memorial of William H. De Forrest,
praying for compensation for powder destroyed at
Punta Arenas, during the bombardment of Grey-
town by Captain Hollins, of the Navy; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr SL1DELL presented the petition of Han-
nibal Faulk, and ElizaS. Collier, of Louisiana, for
the confirmation of a tract of land in the Bastrop
grant; which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. BADGER presented a memorial of the
Vestry of Washington Parish, asking Congress to
purchase an additional number of burial sites in
the Congressional Burying Ground; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of Mrs,
EmmaDu Barry, widow of Edmund L. Du Barry,
late a surgeon ill the United States Navy, praying
reimbursement for extraordinary expenses in-
curred by her husband in Hong Kong, &e.;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
MERCANTILE MARINE.
Mr. PRATT. I hold in my hand a resolution
of the Board of Trade of Baltimore, asking
Congress to appoint a committee to sit during the
recess and examine into the necessities of ship-
owners in regard to seamen and in relation to the
passage of some law to provide a substitute for
flogging in the mercantile service. I ask its refer-
ence to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to report a resolution
from the Committee on Commerce to meet that
very case.
Mr. PRATT. Then the resolution which I
have presented may lie upon the table.
Mr. HAMLIN. I present the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce of the Sen-
ate be authorized to designate three of its members, who
may sit during the coming recess for the purpose of exam-
ining into the subject of the laws now existing tor the gov-
ernment of our mercantile marine, for the encouragement
and improvement of American seamen; but they shall not
sit more than ninety days, and they shall prepare a hi!! for
the belter organization and encouragement of seamen, to
fee submitted, together with their report, at the next Con-
gress.
Mr. MASON. Let it lie over.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of Hall
Neilson, praying remission of interest on notes
given the United States in payment for land, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a joint resolution
for his relief, which was read and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill from the
House to provide a more efficient discipline for the
Navy, reported it back without amendment.
Mr. SLIDELL, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the petition of
Richard B. Carmichael, in behalf of the legal rep-
resentatives of William Carmichael, deceased, late
charge d'affaires of the United States at Madrid,
praying the allowance of an outfit, &c., submitted
an adverse report thereon; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
A. S. Bender, submitted a report accompanied by
a bill for his relief; which was read, and passed to
a second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
GEORGIA AND FLORIDA BOUNDARY LINE.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following order
for consideration:
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate cause to be
compiled and printed, with the documents of the present
session, all the documents and other papers in anywise
relating to the boundary line between the states of Georgia
and Florida, heretofore laid before either House of Con-
gress, and of the reports of committees, and all proceed-
ings and action of either House thereon, so arranging the
same that 110 paper be twice printed in such compilation.
UNITED STATES CONSUL AT ACAPULCO.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States he re-
quested, if not incompatible with the public interest, to
communicate to the Senate a copy of a letter addressed to
the Secretary of State by Francis W. Rice, late United
States consul at Alcapuleo, since the 11th of January last,
in relation to the outrages committed upon him by the au-
thorities of Mexico, at that port.
colonel gilpin's report.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution;
which was referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be requested
to procure, for the use of the Senate, a copy of the report
of Colonel William Gilpin, on the Hydrography of the
North American Continent; and also nine hundred and
thirty sets of the maps accompanying the same.
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk,
informing the Senate that the House had passed a
bill to regulate the carriage of passengers in steam-
ships and other vessels; also, that they had passed,
without amendment, Senate joint resolution for
the relief of Rebecca Hinton; and a bill to organize
an institution for the insane of the Army and Navy,
and of the District of Columbia in the said Dis-
tiict.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR BILL.
Mr. MASON. I give notice that 1 shall, on
Saturday, during the morning hour, ask permis-
sion of the Senate to call up the bill from the
House of Representees, which has been reported
from the Committee on Foreign Relations, to re-
model the diplomatic and consular system of the
United States.
WILLIAM H. DE FORREST.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce, at the instance of the
State Department, a joint resolution to authorize
the payment to William H. De Forrest, of the
sum of f12,000, for aquantityof powder destroyed
at Punta Arenas.
Unanimous consent was given, and the joint
resolution was introduced, and read twice.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for its consideration
now.
Mr. PETTIT. I object.
UNITED STATES BUILDING IN lilCHIGAN.
Mr. STUART. I ask leave to introduce a
resolution to refer a subject to the Committee on
the Judiciary. It is to instruct them to inquire
into the propriety of erecting a building in the
city of Detroit, in the State of Michigan, for the
confinement of such persons as it shall become
necessary to confine under the laws of the United
States. To show its necessity, I ask the Secre-
tary to read the resolution, and a law recently
passed by the Legislature of that State.
The resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the necessity of providing for the
erection at Detroit, in the State of Michigan, of suitable
buildings for the safe keeping of such persons as maybe
subject to confinement under the laws of the United
States.
The Secretary read the act referred to, as fol-
lows:
A Bill to Protect the Rights and Liberties of the Inhabitants
of this Stale.
Sec. 1. The people of the State of Michigan enact, that
it shall be the duty of the prosecuting attorneys, within
their respective counties, whenever §ny inhabitant of this
State is arretted or claimed as a fugitive slave, on being
informed thereof, diligently and faithfully to use all lawful
means to protect, defend, and procure to be discharged,
every such person so arrested or claimed as a fugitive slave.
Sec. 2. All persons so arrested and claimed as fugitive
slaves shall be entitled to all the benefits of the writ of
habeas corpus and of trial by jury.
Sec. 3. If-such writ of habeas corpus shall be sued out
in vacation, and if, upon the hearing of the same, the
person imprisoned, arrested, or claimed as a fugitive slave,
shall not be discharged, such person shall be entitled to an
appeal to the circuit court for the county in which such
hearing shall have been had, on furnishing such bail withm
such time as the officer grantmg the writ, or heating the
case, shall judge reasonable or proper.
Sec. 4. The court to which such appeal is taken, and any
court to which a writ of habeas corpus in behalf of any such
person claimed or arrested as a fugitive slave is made return-
able, may, and shall, on application of either party to such
proceedings, allow and direct a trial by jury on all questions
of fact in issue between the parties in the matter aforesaid;
and the taxable cosh of such trial shall be chargeable to the
Slate whenever the same would be otherwise chargeable to
the person arrested or claimed as a fugitive slave.
Sec. 5. No person so arrested or claimed as a fugitive
slave shall be imprisoned in any jail or other prison in this
State; and any person having the care or control of any
prison, and permitting the imprisonment of such alleged
lugitive slave therein, shall be subjected to the payment of
a line of not less than $500 nor more than $1,000.
Sec. 6. Every person who shall falsely declare, represent,
or pretend that any free pcrbon entitled to treedom is a slave,
or owes service or labor to any person or persons, with
intent to procure, or aid, or assist m procuring the forcible
removal of such tree person from this State, as a slave*
shall be imprisoned not less than three nor more than five
years in the State prison.
Sec. 7. Every person who shail wrongfully and mali-
ciously seize, or procure to be seized, any free person entitled
to freedom, with intent to have such person held m slavery,
shall pay a fine of $1,000 and be imprisoned five years in
the State prison.
Sec. 8. In all cases arising under the provisions of sec-
tions seven and eight of this act, the truth of any declara-
tion, representation, or pretense, that any person being, or
having been, in this State, is, or was a slave, or owes, or
did owe service or labor to any other person or persons,
shall not be proved except by the testimony of at lea^t two
credible witnesses, testifying to facts directly tending to
establish the truth of such declaration, pretense, or repre-
sentation, or by legal evidence equivalent thereto.
Sec. 9. No declaration, pretense, or representation that
any person is or was an apprentice for a fixed term of years,
or owes, or did owe. service merely as such apprentice for
such fixed term, shall be deemed prohibited by tins act; and
no such declaration, pretense, or representation that any
person is, or was, such an apprentice for such fixed term, or
owes or did owe service, merely as such an apprentice for
such fixed term, shall be liable to any penalty under this
act.
Sec. 10. All acts, or parts of acts, conflicting with the
provisions of this act are hereby repealed.
Mr. STUART. I do not desire, at this time,
to discuss that question. I only wish to say that
there is now in the State of Michigan no building
of the kind contemplated by the resolution belong-
ing to the United States which can be used for their
own purposes. As is known to all, the State build-
ings are used only by comity between the General
and State Governments. I hope, therefore, the
Committee on the Judiciary will inquire into the
subject, and if it is necessary, in order to a full
execution of the laws, that a building should be
erected, they will make a recommendation for that
purpose. It may hereafter become necessary for
me to discuss the propriety of that law; but it is
not necessary now. I, however, unhesitatingly
express the conviction that all the laws of the
United States, which are constitutional and proper,
will be executed in the State of Michigan as per-
fectly as they will in any other State.
Mr. CHASE. I object to the consideration of
the resolution. I hold in my hand, Mr. President,
several petitions of citizens of New York in rela-
tion to slavery. It is my duty to present them to
thejSenate, and the present seems a fitting time. I
propose to state briefly the purport of each, and
