880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22.
Mr. IITJNTER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. Before the vote is taken I
wish to state the exact question before us. The
question now is on the amendment of the House,
which strikes out so much of the Senate's amend-
ment as makes the act retrospective from 1853 to
1848. The Senate's amendment not only placed
widows of naval officers on the same footing with
those in the Army, but also gave them back pay
for nearly five years. The House agreed to put
the widows of naval officers on a footing with
those of the Army, but struck out so much of our
amendment as gave five years' back pay. The
question now is on concurring in that amendment
of the House.
Mr. BADGER. I wish to ask my friend from
Virginia this question: Will the effect of the
amendment as made by the Senate be to give to
the widows of those navy officers a pension for a
period of time for which the widows of Army offi-
cers have not got it—between 1848 and 1853 ?
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir. The^effect of the
Senate's amendment, if we do not 'agree to that
of the House, will be to give them back pay for
five years.
Mr. BADGER. Widows of Army officers and
Navy officers both ?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir. All.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bright, Brodhead,
Clay, Dawson, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Geycr, Hunter, John-
son, Tones of Tennessee, Mallory, Pearce, Slidell, Stuart,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toucey, WeJler, and Wright
—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Brainerd, Chase, Clayton,
Cooper, Dodge of Wisconsin, Fessenden, Gillette, Iiamlin,
James, Petut, Rusk, Seward, Sumner, Thompson of
Kentucky, Wade, Walker, Wells, and Wilson—19.
So the Senate concurred in the amendment of
the House to their second amendment; and the bill,
as thus modified, was finally passed.
PURCHASERS OF SWAMP LANDS.
Mr. STUART. I now move to take up for
consideration the report made by the committee
of conference, yesterday, on the Gill of the House
for the relief of purchasers and locators of swamp
and overflowed lands*
Mr. CLAY. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the unfinished business of
yesterday. The bill to which the Senator from
Michigan alludes will necessarily lead to debate;
and I do not now see in their seats the Senators
from Arkansas, who feel a deep interest in it.
The PRESIDENT. The first question is on
the motion of the Senator from Michigan to take
up the report of the committee of conference on
the bill to which he has alluded.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to suggest whether the
first question is not on postponing the unfinished
business of yesterday?
Mr. STUART. Not at all. Mine ia a privi-
leged motion.
The PRESIDENT. The question involved in
the motion of the Senator from Michigan is a
privileged one, and has preference.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STUART. In order that the Senate may
understand what this question is, I desire to state
that my motion is to take up the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing vote
of the two Houses on the bill amending the
swamp land act, which was laid over yesterday
at the suggestion of gentlemen who wished to look
into it, and especially, I think, the honorable Sen-
ator from Arkansas.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not at my suggestion; but
to accommodate others.
Mr. STUART. I believe it is the universal
practice to take up reports of committees of con-
ference at ali times, and dispose of them. They
are privileged questions; they concern disagreeing
votes between the two Houses. TheySnvolve the
passage of a law. At this stage of the session,
certainly, I think we should take up such a ques-
tion and dispose of it. This report cannot occupy
more than a few minutes. The whole point is
presented in an amendment of a very few fines.
For myself, I have no other feeling than to sub-
serve the public interest, and I apprehend the
Senate would dispatch business as rapidly as in
any other way by disposing of that report at this
time.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the Senator's motion
will be agreed to. I am opposed to the action
which the committee of conference has recom-
mended on grounds that I consider sound; but I
shall be very glad if the Senator from Michigan
be permitted to get the subject off his hands by
having it disposed cf.
The question being taken on Mr. Stuart's
motion by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 16, nays
22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bright, Brodhead,
Brown, Cooper, Dodge of Wisconsin, Fessenden, Hamlin,
Johnson, Pearce, Pratt, Slideli, Stuart, Wells, and Wright
—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Butler, Chase, Clay,
Clayton, Dawson, Evans, Fitzpatrick, Gwin, Hunter,
Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Pettit, Ru«k, Seward, Sum-
ner, Thompson of Kentucky, Wade, Walker, Weller, and
Wilson—22.
So the motion was not agreed to.
DUTIES ON RAILROAD IRON.
On motion by Mr. CLAY, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill granting to railroad companies three
years in which to pay the duties on iron imported
for railroad purposes; the pending question being
on an amendment moved by Mr. Brodhead, to
add the following as an additional section:
Sec. — Jlnd St it further enacted, Thata similar exten-
sion for the payment of all duties now authorized to be col-
lected under the tariff act of 1846, on salt, sugar, woolen
and cotton Ejoods, is hereby given : Provided, That the im-
porters thereof, under said act, shall give security, personal
or otherwise, to be approved by the collector of the customs
where the goofls shall be entered.
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the yeas and nays,
and they wereordered,and being taken,resulted—
yeas 7, nays 30; as follows:
VEAS—Messrs. Brodheftd, Butler, Cooper, Evans, Gil-
lette, Jones of Iowa, and Walker—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Benjamin, Brown, Chase,
Clay, Clayton, Dawson, Dodge of Wisconsin, Fessenden,
Fitzpatrick, Geycr, G win, [lamlin, Johnson, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Mason, Pratt, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Slidell,
Stuart, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New
Jersey, Toucy, Wade, VVeller, and Wilson—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT. If no further amendment
be proposed the bill will be reported to the Senate
as amended.
Mr. PEARCE. Before the bill shall be re-
ported to the Senate, I desire to make a few re-
marks. I do not purpose to enter at length into
the discussion of the bill. It has been argued very
elaborately by several gentlemen, and, considering
the late stage of the session, it seems to me becom-
ing that I should not attempt to expand their argu-
ments. But what I wish to do is, to state to the
Senate, what has not yet been done, the reasons
which induced me, as a member of the Committee
on Finance, to report against the bill.
These reasons were such as spring from the gen-
eral policy of our revenue system. I considered
the bill as a departure from that general policy—
a departure which has been urged upon us for the
benefit of a single special interest. The reason
assigned for asking the action of the Senate in its
behalf is, that this special interest is said to be suf-
fering under great embarrassment—an embarrass-
ment which, indeed, it shares with all the other
industrial interests of the country, and which
grows out of a monetary depression that affects all
alike. While, therefore, the embarrassment of
the industrial interests in this country is general, I
may say universal, we are asked to depart from the
general system which we adopted, with the hope
that there would be some stability in it, and to
make a special change for the benefit of the com-
panies now engaged in theconstruction of railroads,
and that, too, when those who are thus interested,
by entering upon enterprises of great magnitude
without adequate means, and by the adoption of
a very questionable, not to say an excessive and
dangerous credit system, have contributed very
much to bring about the very embarrassment
under which they are suffering, by increasing, to
a large extent, our foreign indebtedness, and by
creating demands of capital beyond the monetary
means of the country.
However important the system of railroads
might be to the general welfare of the United
States—and I think it is so, for I admit that they
develop the resources of the country; I admit
that they stimulate trade; that they even create
trade, start new employments, and in the end
are beneficial to all the industrial interests of the
country—it did seem to me that a system which
had been undertaken without due calculation of
means, and costs, and results, was not, at a time
of general money pressure, when it was not the
only interest suffering from the embarrassment,
entitled to this special legislation of Congress for
its particular benefit.
Now, sir, what is the cause of this application ?
We are told that these railroads are unable to pay
cash upon the iron they import with which to lay
down their rails. What is the amount of that in-
terest? We are told that the cost of purchasing
railroad iron, for a single mile of railroad, is from
five to six thousand dollars. The cost of a single
mile of railroad, in that part of the country where
the most of these enterprises are for the most part
in progress, may be assumed to average at least
825,000. Five thousand dollars being the cost of
the iron and $25,000 the whole cost of a single
mile, it follows that the cast of the iron ia about
one fifth of the cost of the road. The duty upon
the iron is thirty per cent., less than one third.
Then the duty upon the iron is about one fifteenth
of the cost of the road; and we are asked to relieve
these companies who have undertaken, without
adequate resources, works of great magnitude, by
relinquishing to them, for the specific term of three
years, a sum of money equivalent to one fifteenth
part of what would be required to make their
road. They have not the means of paying less
than seven per cent, upon the capital required to
be invested in the works they have undertaken.
I think these statements must show, very conclu-
sively, that these speculations have been entered
into extravagantly, without calculation, without
the slightest regard to the means or resources of
the companies or the country, and as if there
never would occur a reverse in its monetary con-
dition. Now, it is not the part of wisdom to ex-
pect always to have a fair sea to sail upon. Every-
body ought to know that changes in monetary
affairs are just as certain as the changes of the sea-
sons; that as we know even when the summer
smiles, that " stern winter must come to rule the
varied year," so periods must arrive, in the course
of every few years, when the whole country will
feel the effectof commercial fluctuation, and suffer
more or less from monetary embarrassment. Such
fluctuations belong to the systems of all nations,
and most peculiarly to our own, because we have
no stability of system, because of our changing
from year to year, because we do not frame our
revenue laws with reference to the general interests
of the whole country, but are frequently singling
out special interests forfavorand protection. This
is a paramount objection to the bill. If we depart
from the general policy, in order to relieve any par-
ticular interest from embarrassment, any other
particular interest, which may also fall into embar-
rassment, would have an equal right to demand of
us similar legislative favor and concession; and it
wouid be difficult, on any principle of equality
and justice, to say that what was extended to one
should be refused to another.
Sir, I think no one can fail to perceive the dan-
ger of such interpolations into our general policy.
I have seen it stated somewhere that, since the
commencement of this Government, the changes
in our revenue system have been as numerous as
the years which have passed by; and I know that
since 1816, some six or seven large, general, fun-
damental changes of our revenue policy have been
passed by Congress, to say nothing of partial
ones, of themselves sometimes of very great im-
portance. There was the tariff of 1816; the tariff
of 1824; the general change of the tariff in 1828;
the tariff of 1832— '3, which last was itself a system
of changes varying the rates of duty from year to
year, down to 1841, when another act, rendered
necessary by a bankrupt Treasury, was adopted
as a temporary measure of finance. Then came
the tariff of 1849, followed by that of 184G. Such
has been our course of legislation—so little sta-
bility has there been in the policy of this country
in regard to one of the most important duties with
which Governments can ever be charged.
I know, sir, in regard to this matter of iron, that
there was a time when political economists con-
tended that railroad iron ought to be considered
as raw material; and that I suppose to be the con-
sideration which, in 1830- '32, determined the policy
of the Government which has been spoken of here
