882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
a blow at the tariff of 1846, as adjusted and settled
during the administration of Mr. Polk, and very
wisely adjusted and settled. I oppose it as hostile
to that tariff, and as infringing it—as 1 shall show
in a moment—by assailing one great interest of
the country for the' purpose of conferring a benefit
upon another interest that has already rushed
nearly to destruction. I am opposed to it because
it is hostile to the system of cash duties. I would
not relax that system; I would not depart from it;
I would maintain and guard it as the settled policy
of the country, which ought in all cases to be sus-
tained. I am opposed to the bill, because, if it
should go into effect, its operation will be the
same as to take from the Treasury of the United
States, in the two years to come, $8,000,000 of
cash, deposited there under existing laws, and to
loan it out (o railroad companies—to encourage
what? To encourage them to go on to an extent
to which they should not go; because, I hesitate
not to say, that, if any one of the great railroad
companies is notable now topay$l,200 or §1,500
for the duties upon the iron for each mile of us
road, it is time for it to stop; it is for the best
interests of those who are engaged in the road
that it should stop.
But I oppose the bill because it is a species of
partial legislation of the worst character. Wh^t
do you propose to do? Iron is used in every
business; it is essential to every interest; it is in
universal use; and you propose to say to the peo-
ple, You shall pay cash duties; you shall not im-
port an article from abroad without paying cash.
But you say to these great and powerful compa-
nies, You shall have an easier law; you shall not
be required to pay cash duties; no, you may give
a bond, and at the end of three years to come you
may pay the duties, without interest, that others
are obliged to pay in cash on the day they receive
the imported article.
I am opposed to that kind of legislation, and 1
desire to ask, where is there a representative of
the people who would go before them, and say to
the laboring and industrial classes of this country,
we will pass a law that will require you to pay
cash, but we will pass another law for those uch
companies, of vast capital and vast power, who
are engaged in enterprises which will cost mil-
lions. W*e will give them an indulgence of three
years, without interest, to pay what we require
you to pay m cash. This is a species of legisla-
tion which has never commended itself to my
mind. It is contrary to the very principle of
equal legislation. It is contrary to the principle
which ought to be carried out in order to protect
equally all classes of the people. I am opposed
to it. I am opposed to any legislation of that
kind here or elsewhere.
But, the bill has another object, and that is, to
help a system of internal improvements. How?
By substantially making a loan from the public
Treasury for three years without interest. I say
substantially, because the operation of it will be
precisely the same as if the money should be paid
into the Treasury, and then taken out and loaned
to the companies for a period of three years with-
out interest. This is a great benefit in a certain
point of view. It is a pecuniary benefit. It ulti-
mately, however, offers no benefit, because it leads
to disastrous consequences; but immediately, it is
a benefit; and precisely to the extent of that ben-
efit you strike a blow at that great interest which
has sprung up—the iron and coal interest—so far
as it is engaged in the production of railroad iron.
You strike at your own people. You strike at
the iron and coal m your mountains. You strike
at the people who are engaged in that business, in
order that companies may have the advantage of
going abroad and purchasing iron at a less sum
than they can purchase it for in this country. If
that is desirable, be it so. If the iron duty ought
to be repealed, let us come up to the work and re-
peal it. If the coal duty ought to be repealed, let
us come up to the work and repeal that.
I do not agree with my honorable friend from
South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] that a system of
direct taxation is better than a system of duties.
I am the advocate of free trade—free trade subject
to the revenue that is necessary to carry on this
Government. The people know that these duties
are taxes upon them. The consumer knows that
he pays these taxes. Let the taxes be equal; let
them l>e laid for the purpose of carrying on the
Government, not for the purpose of building up
one interest at the expense of another. Sir, I
heard the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] advocate this bill upon the princi-
ples of free trade. Free trade! What,sir; a bill
that grants an extraordinary privilege to railroad
companies which is denied to the people, which
is denied to every industrial class of the country—
is that free trade? Until we modify the tariff of
1846, I say hold to it as it is. There are vast
interests in this country, at both ends of the Union;
the men who framed that law, looked at these
interests, and by a legislative act you have an ad-
justment of them. 1 say, let it remain until, by
the direct action of Congress, you may modify
the system. I agree that, for some years past,
it has produced too much revenue; and I agree
that there ought to be a reduction in some form or
other, that shall bring down the revenue to the
necessary wants of the country. It is an object
that I fully approve; but yet, in doing it, I would
have reference mainly to such a modification as
shall repeal taxes that press equally upon all the
people. I would relieve them from the taxes. I
am against any modification, the effect of which
is to benefit the most privileged class of the coun-
try—to benefit the great railroad companies—
while the masses of the people are not benefited.
I am opposed to such a modification of the tariff.
But, sir, in speaking of this bill I do not treat
it as a relinquishment of duties, although I think
it probably will lead to that, as has been the case
before; nor do 1 look at it as a law that will die at
the end of the term without being continued longer;
you will find it difficult to stop. It will be very
likely to go on. There will be stronger reasons at
the end of two years, why the laiff should be con-
tinued than there are why it should be enacted
now. *
It has been said that, prior to 1841, when we
were about entering upon the construction of rail-
roads, this Government did not lay a duty on
railroad iron, or if it did, it afterwards remitted
the duty, and that that operated beneficially to
certain portions of the Union and not to other
portions. If there has been any inequality it should
operate as a warning to us not to enact another
law that will create another inequality.
When the construction of railroads was a new
undertaking in this country, there was a want of
confidence, there was a want of skill, and there
was undoubtedly, to a certain extent, encourage-
ment given to them in the manner which has been
mentioned so often in the course of this debate.
It was open to the whole country. The West and
South, and eveiy portion of the country were
equally entitled to the benefit of that encourage-
ment, and of that protection, if it were protection.
Those who wentforward in these great enterprises,
and expended their means, and led the way, took
the advantage of it. Those who did not, lost the
advantage. But, sir, my answer to the argument
is contained in one sentence. The skill, the ex-
perience, which were required in the construction
of railroads, of which those who are embarked in
such enterprises have now the benefit, are worth
more than the remission of the duties. Those who
early engaged in the enterprise had difficulties to
encounter which no longer exist Those who now
come forward in this work of public improvement,
conducted by private or by State enterprise, with
the advantage of that skill and experience, can
now construct a road at much less than the cost
which was incurred at the period that has been
alluded to; so that there is equality—there is no
inequality. The bill now before us is one which,
if adopted, will lead to similar bills; and the sys-
tem will go on. .1 think it is obnoxious to all the
objections which I have stated. As 1 participated
in reporting adversely upon the bill, I have felt it!
to be my duty, though in opposition to many of
my highly esteemed friends, to say thus much in
vindication of the course I have taken.
Mr. BAYARD. It is not my intention to
trouble the Senate with more than a very few re-
marks in reference to the bill now pending. I am
satisfied, from the votes which were given yester-
day, that there is an absolute majority in the body
who are determined that the bill shall pass. It
would be useless, therefore, and vain to expect
that what 1 have to say will alter their determina-
tion; but I owe it to the principle which 1 suppose ,
to be involved m the passage of the bill to explain '
the general ground of objection which I have to
it. My State has no interest in this iron question
whatever. Probably the prevalent feeling among
my constituents, inasmuch as few roads have yet
been made there, and many are now contemplated,
would be in favor of the bill as it stands before the
Senate. But, here or elsewhere, as the represent-
ative of a State, I should never be willing to sacri-
fice a great principle for the sake of any temporary
advantage to individuals or corporations that
might be located within her limits.
Mr. President, in a Republic, or in any other
free Government, men will, of necessity, divide
themselves into parties; ahd in this country there
lias always been a division into two great parties.
Sometimes there have been accessory parties,
arising temporarily on occasions of particular ex-
citements; but the general division has been into
two great parties, and the great basis of distinc-
tion between those parties, or the leading principle
on which they have differed, has been, if I judge
rightly, in reference to the construction of the
powers of the Federal Government. All admit
that Government to be one of limited powers; but
the Democratic part}' has sought to give a stricter
construction to the general powers which have
been granted by the Constitution, and to resist
powers arising from implication—to resist the
exercise of powers, unless they were specifically
granted, or absolutely necessary to carry out those
which' are granted. On the contrary, the Whig
party have, in general, given a broader, and, if I
may so speak, a looser construction to the Federal
Constitution. In all the measures which have
arisen, creating the difference between the parties,
you will find that general principle runs through,
or lies at the bottom of, the division between the
two.
In reference to the Bank of the United States,
the question involved was not merely as to the
expediency ofthe institution, butasto the power
of Congress, under a proper construction of the
Constitution, to establish it. That question has
passed away. It has passed away, because, I
think, experience has indicated the fact that, sup-
posing the constitutional power to exist, there are
few men in the country who believe that it would
be expedient to organize the institution, because
we can get along without such a delegation of
power better than with it. That was one of the
measures founded on the difference between the
parties.
Another measure founded on the same principle
was the extent to which the doctrine of internal
improvements could be carried constitutionally
under the powers of the General Government.
There the parties divided on a similar ground.
No doubt there were fluctuations in their attitude
in reference to the practical application of the doc-
trine at different periods of time, but the general
line of division was founded on the difference as
to the construction of the Constitution. On the
part of the Democratic party, the right of the Gen-
eral Government to exercise the power of internal
improvements was opposed, (though exceptions
were made to that in particular cases, sometimes
doubtless erroneously, and contrary to the prin-
ciple,) and on the other hand the broad and general
advocacy of the power was maintained by their
opponents. This was another ground of division;
but it has probably been, from its liability to ex-
ception, a ground of division in which the parties
have been merged more than any other; and it
has produced greater difficulty, in its practical
operation, in discriminating the point where the
power ends and where the "restriction commences.
You therefore will find that on this question of
interna! improvements, the division of party rarely
obtains at any time to any decided extent.
But there is a third question which has arisen
in the Halls of Congress, connecting itself with
the same doctrine of the limitation of powers, in
which the Democratic party, unless I have greatly
misread its history, took a decided position in
1846; that is, the extent to which the General
Government could carry the power of imposing
duties on articles imported into the country, what
are called imposts, or the establishment of a tariff.
The division on principle between the parties here
—I speak of principle, Mr. President—was, as I
have always understood, that, although in 1828
the Democratic party had agreed to, and had voted
for, a very high and exceptionable tariff—and
these things will alwavs happen in the history of
parties—they came back to their original principle
in 1846; and that which was intended, to be eslab-
