1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
lished as the avowed principle of the party then
was, that m the exercise of the power delegated
to the Federal Government, for the purpose of im-
posing duties upon foreign articles imported, the
revenue principle must alone be looked to; and that
whatever of protection might arise to the general
industry of the country, should arise incidentally,
and not be its primary object in any imposition of
duty. That was the principle of the Democratic
party. On the other hand, the principle contended
for by our opponents was, that the entire power
to impose duties being vested in Congress without
express limitation, it was in the absolute discretion
of Congress, in the imposition of the duties, either
toimpose them for the purpose of protection, or
for the mere purpose of revenue. That 1 suppose
to be the meaning of the distinction between the |
parties. The broad line of distinction drawn be-
tween them, on principle—without reference to
whether they erred in the practical operation in
detail as to one or another particular article—was,
that the Democratic party adopted as its principle
a revenue tariff, while the Whig party contended
that you had the right to go beyond the principle
of revenue, and impose duties with a view to pro-
tection.
If I am right in this position, how stands the
Democratic party now, with a considerable ma-
jority of its number here voting in favor ,of this
biii? Is this bill introduced here, Mr. President,
for revenue purposes within the intendment of the
Constitution? Are you making a change in your
tariff for the purposes of revenue? Certainly not.
We adopted, after cur experience connected with
the revenue, the principle of a cash payment of
duties, as avoiding the chances of loss, and as
opeiating more equally on the industry of the
whole country. But this bill proposes not to re-
vise the tariff' for the purpose of increasing the
genera) revenue, or reducing it, as the wants of
the Government require, but il proposes, in favor
of special classes, to extend the credit system to
them, to the exclusion of the importers of any
other articles. This is clearly the principle of pro-
tection, out and out. It is an entireabandonment,
by the Democratic party, of their constitutional
doctrine that the power is granted for the purposes
of revenue, and to be exercised for the purposes
of revenue alone, and thatall other considerations
of benefit to others must be incidental to that great
principle.
Mr. President, this bill is nothing more than a
bounty. Us^ue intention is tograntto the railroad
companies of this country a bounty, as against
the iron interest of the country. It is not intended
to increase the revenue of the United States. It
has no relation to the revenue tit all. Us sole and
entire object is to grant a bounty to a particular
class of interests m this country, at the expense,
,as is alleged by the honorable Senators from Penn-
sylvania, of another clas<; in the country which
has grown up and sustained itself under your
revenue tariff, as established in 1846.
Is this, then, an adherence to principle, Mr.
President, on the part of the Democratic party?
Is it not an enti.e abandonment of principle,
because of particu'ar interests, and of ceitain
localities which maintain that that principle is no
longer adapted to their particular desires or inter-
ests ? Others can vote on this subject as their
judgment dictates, I make no charge against indi-
viduals m all this. I am dealing, on the question,
with what I suppose to be a great principle of the :
construction of the Constitution. Others may J
shift their views of the Federal Constitution, its 1
applicability, and its rule of construction, to suit,
either the temper of their constituents for the time j
being, or the particular interests that they suppose
to be involved in their own States; but I cannot ]
consent, representing in a confederated Govern- j
ment the people of my State, holding myself
bound to carry out the intent of that Constitution, j
to abandon a principle which, in common with the j
rest of the Democratic party, I believed to be right |
in 1846, because there happens to be a local change j
in the wants of particular States in 1855. It is on j
this ground, having no interest in this whatever,so ,
far as my State is concerned, that I cannot aban- j
don this principle; and it is to me inscrutable on j
what ground it can be abandoned by others, who, .
I always supposed, held similar opinions with:
myself as to the extent of the power which we j
are about to exercise. j
But, Mr. President, I have merely stated this |
question. I cannot dwell upon it. It is the only
one which has been involved in the past disputes
of parties as to the tariff; and I think it will com-
rpend itself to the judgment of every one. All
the questions of the application of it to particular
items are matters of detail, Men might differ
about them. They might differ about the quan-
tity of imposts that any particular article would
bear with a view to revenue. The judgment
might some times be biased to a certain extent
by what they supposed to be an incidental benefit
to their own State. All that might occur; but the
entire abandonment of the principle has never
occurred since 1846; and yet it is certainly entirely
abandoned in this bill. I consider that if it passes,
and passes by the strength of the Democratic
party, through the Congress of the United States,
it will destroy the last remaining principle which
severs the parties of this country, and set all
things afloat as regards party organization. Iam
not one of those, Mr. President, who believe that
a party is a benefit, unless it is founded on great
principles. A party may exist, founded on prin-
ciples which draw men together, and make them
sacrifice their opinions on incidental and minor
points, because more important questions to their
country at large are involved; but if a party is a
mere congregation of men, who abandon general
principles with a view to retain office underapar-
ticular*name, stat nominis umbra, I care not how
soon such a party perishes, or how soon it is lost.
It must die, and will die whenever the great gen-
eral principle is abandoned.
Passing from this, there is another objection to
this provision. It is an objection founded on the
question of expediency, and of its effect. Sir,
there can be no doubt that the object and intent
of this provision is to enable the different railroad
companies, who are now constructmgrailroads, to
construct them either at less cost than they can
do now, or to have a credit in the construction of
them, though the cost may be equal or even
greater. I have no doubt that the last result may
be effected. The cost will not be diminished if
the bill passes, but it will enable those who are
unwilling, or unable to construct their roads for
cash, to do it by means of the thousand bonds
that are spread throughout the country, if they
can obtain credit on the duties due to the Govern-
ment, they can buy their iron out on those bonds
at a large discount, and construct their roads on
credit altogether; and, as in general, the mass
of these railroads are mortgaged previously, the
result is, that they may go on, and put both the '
Government and the creditors r.t defiance as well
as the bond holders. That will in my judgment
be the effect, and it will increase the coat to the
companies that purchase I have no doubt.
Sir, we are laboring under a reaction which has
been the result of an improvident and wild sys-
tem of internal improvements through the means
of railroads. I admit the benefits of railroads; I
admit that,, probably, scarcely anything in the
modern scientific occupations has had more bene- !
ficial influence in advancing the wealth and pro- i
rrotingthe prosperity of the country than thesys- j
tem of railroads, but like all other systems it muy
be carried too f«r, and its reaction may be disas- j
trous. In 1836, the disasters which arose to this !
country were produced mainly by the over issue in j
the banking system, and as there was no restrain- |
ing power, as exists now in the case of the sub- i
treasury, the devastation was complete, and indi- j
viduals and communities were reduced from riches 1
to poverty in the prostration that ensued. But in <
their action the pressure that has token place j
throughout the country, has aiisen solely from the i
attempt to pursue the railroad system beyond the
capital and capacity of the country. You cannot
pick up a paper in any of the large cities without '
finding millions of bonds of every little petty muni- ;
cipality in the country; issued for the purpose of;
making railroads—a thing with which they ought ;
j tohave no connection. In my opinion, valuable as j
> railroads are, I believe they must follow civilization,
i commerce, and density of population; and if you j
i attempt to make them beyond youi own capital, j
j though they may have some advantages, the ruin !
| which will be inflicted in the attempt to go beyond
, your means, will be far greater than the benefit
i which will be derived.
I There is always a tendency to excess in these j
i cases. I beg leave to read from the American ,
| Railroad Journal some remarks on this question,
which I think are very proper and essentially
true. It is the issue of March, 1854, and, of
course, can have no reference to the measure
which is now pending. I read the statement of
the general views of the editorial, because I think
they are sound in themselves, and it would be
well if they were followed by the States who are
now pressing this bill:
"There is still further necessity of subjecting railroad en-
terprises to the ordinary principles that govern all commer-
cial transactions, for the reason, that, from the social
advantages they confer, and from their influence in in-
creasing the value of all kinds of property, the public is
in much greater danger of running to excess in their con-
struction, than in the prosecution of any other industrial
pursuit. The results they have achieved have been most
marvelous; and it is natural that those of the most suc-
cessful roads should always be predicated of every project
brought forward, no matter what may be its real merits.
As the experience of the operation ot the road can only
disprove the claims put forth in its favor, it often happens
that their soundness conies to*be fully admitted by the
public, and becomes the basis of its action, when, in fact,
they may be entirely unfounded.
"Take, for instance, the Vermont Central lailroad. When
this project was first Drought forwaid, the result^ achieved
by the most successful road in New England were claimed
for it. These claims were received with full credit by the
most sagacious and successful merchants of Doston. So
confident were they of the success of this rond, ihat us
stock was taken in large quantities by them, and 'salted
down,' as the phrase is, as something to lean upon when
everything else should fail. All now see how groundless
and absurd were such high wrought expectations, and
what a stupendous catastrophe the road has proved itself
to be. There are still a plenty of { Vermont Centrals,' m
embryo, in all parts of the country, about which just as
flattering hopes are raised with as little reason, to be fol-
lowed by like results, if allowed to bo built. People can
be made to see only the bright side of the picture, till the
other forces itself upon their vision. Hence the danger of
oveidome in the construction of railroads. It is almost
inevitable that they should be carried to cwcc-s. They
have been in Old England, in New England, and are be-
ginning to be in other portions of the country, which can
be taught wisdom, only by tasting ihe fruits of their own
iollv.
"Our people need no incitements in the shape of adventi-
tious aid, to the construction of railroads. If Government
intei fere, it should be lo lestram instead of exciting the pub-
he sentiment m their favor. No stimulants are wanted,nor
means, that a particular community interested in a work
that is really needed, cannot supply."
He then takes the case of the State of Indiana
for example, now the third State in the Union,
and shows how successful she has been in the
construction of her roads, without any extraor-
dinary stimulant.
Mr. President, I believe these general views to
be true, and that (even if there were no constitu-
tional objection to this mode of exercising the rev-
enue power) instead of its being a matter of sound
, policy, for the interest either of the States in
i which the roads are to be constructed, or for the
• geneial prosperity of the Union, to pass this bill,
: and thus stimulate the construction of other rail-
j roads founded upon credit, and credit alone, which
| will be its effect, it will only tend to increase the
! pressure which now exists in the country in ref-
I erence to all monetary transactions. It will be felt
i throughoutthecountryasincreasmgthat pressure,
j Why, sir, does not every man know that these
j railroads in the country, while being involved in
! debt, have almost prostrated the mercantile intcr-
! est? Does not every man know that the effect of
■ the bill will be to stimulate the introduction of
! foreign iron into the country, and increase the
| indebtedness that now exists, that indebtedness
I- existing in the shape of credit altogether ?
! My objection is not to the railroads; my objec-
: tion is not to the system; but it is to prosecuting
■ it beyond what the capacity of the individual or
] general means will enable them to do. I believe
! that the system needs no stimulant, no excite-
' ment. On the contrary, the part of wisdom would
j be to restrain, if it were in your power to legis-
i late for that purpose, instead of stimulating this
passion for the extension of railroads. I do not
: ask you, for I do not think it is in your power, to
make any iemulation of that kind; but I do think
j you should abstain from exercising the power to
change the tariff of the country, not for the pur-
1 pose of revenue at all, but for the sole, naked pur-
i pose of stimulating the introduction of foreign
! commodities for the purpose of benefiting a. par-
ticular class, and that in violation of a principle
I; which has been the leading principle of the Dera-
il ocratic party for the last ten years.^
i! Mr. President, there are other objections to this
bill which I think might be urged; but I will for-
bear. As I stated, I am satisfied that no objection
of mine will prevail to defeat it, much as I deplore
its passage; having stated the general grounds on
