1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
schooner, or a brig from a bark, or a bark from
a ship, is a very wrong person to incumber the
revenue service—and I use the word impressively
because I know that the revenue service has been
too often filled up with a class of men who are
unfitted for it. It is the decided opinion of the
Treasury Department thatit should be a requisite
thatthis sea-service should be seen. It might not
be important that it should be seen before the
mast, that is, in the capacity of a common sailor;
but still I do not think that will be onereus. I
should not, however, object to the amendment in
its present shape if there were ample time; but
there is no time to have it considered in the House
if we send the bill back. These revenue cutters
are necessary for service'on your coasts, and I
think we had better take the bill as it comes from
the House. I trust the Senate will do so.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, if bills come
to us with absurd and preposterous conditions,
we ought to strike them out, even if we lose the
bills. What does the Senator say? That you
ought not to take for this service a man who does
not know a bark from a schooner. Well, sir,
does the Senator suppose that the President or
the Secretary of the Treasury is going to appoint
any such men ? I do not believe, ill as I might
perhaps think of some gentlemen who have held
the place of Secretary of the Treasury, that we
have ever had a gentleman in that position who
would do so absurd a thing, and that is saying
very little,
I do not suppose for myself that the provisions
of the bill, if this amendment be adopted, will be
at all insufficient. They will then require that
persons appointed to these places shall have skill
and experience. Is not that sufficient ? Can we
not expect common honesty from a Secretary of
the Treasury ? Can we suppose that he will vio-
late the instructions of a bill like this, which
makes it so plainly his duty to take a man fit for
the place? Must we distrust him and distrust
ourselves so much that we are obliged to put in a
condition of this sort which is really so disreputa-
ble, for I think it is absolutely disreputable to any
branch of the Executive department to suppose
that they will do a thing so justly subject to con-
demnation. It is entirely unnecessary. It looks
to me—not that it was so intended—as if it might
be supposed to be designed to cultivate a little
peculiar sort of popularity with a class of people
for whom we should make no such provision. I
hope it will be stricken out as a thing altogether
impertinent.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think as highly of the pres-
ent incumbent of the office of Secretary of the
Treasury as any Senator in this body. My inter-
course with him has been such as to lead roe to
entertain a very high opinion of him. When I j
say that, I need only add that this section has been ;
added to the bill at his own suggestion. I should 1
not, perhaps, have favored it, it it had not been
originally incorporated in the bill at his suggestion,
for the reason that the best Secretaries who ever
existed are liable to deception, and may be de-
ceived by those who are applying for place. This
is a safeguard thrown around it solely for the
purpose of requiring applicants to come within
that rule, rather than as a direct guide to the Sec-
retary. It provides that there shall havebeen one
year's service before the mast, which is simply
the service of an ordinary seaman.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, in legislating
upon this and all other subjects, I have nothing to
do with incumbents m officeor their predecessors,
but with their successors. I do not look to whetheiv
this may reflect or not reflect upon your officers.
The only question, as it seems to me, is, whether
the qualification provided for in this bill be right
and proper. 1 have heard no one object to it on
the ground that the experience which it proposed
to require disqualifies a man for these positions;
or that any can be well qualified without it. That
is the sole question for our decision. If you re-
gard it as improper to give an unlimited discretion
to the appointing power, it is no reflection on that
power to limit its discretion. When we have a
right to fix the qualifications of particular officers,
I do not see how our doing so can be regarded as
a reflection on anybody. I think it would be a
great deal better for the public service if all public
officers were required to possess certain qualifica-
tions, and where Congress has the power of pre-
scribing qualifications I can see no impropriety in
doing so; and, therefore, I shall vote against the
amendment of my friend from Virginia.
Mr. BAYARD. I trust this amendment will
be adopted. I should at all times resist an
attempt to confer legislative powers on the Exe-
cutive, and I should equally resist an attempt to
intrench on the Executive power by giving it to
the Legislature. The right of selection from any
citizens of the United States, according to their
merits, and on his responsibility to public opin-
ion, and, when the nomination is to come to the
Senate, on his responsibility to the Senate, is
what the Constitution of the United States dele-
gates to the Executive of the United States; and
1 am not willing, by legislation, to confine or curb
that discretion on the part of the Executive. He
shall have it, as far as my vote goes.
Mr. RUSK. I understand that these appoint-
ments do not come to the Senate from the Presi-
dent to be confirmed, and, therefore, there is no
objection on that ground. I learn from good
authority that there are many men in the revenue
marine who have seen no service as sailors.
These officers are appointed, as I understand, by
the Secretary of the Treasury for the purpose of
protecting the revenue; and this is a limitation
which the Secretary of the Treasury asks shall |
be imposed npon thoseappointments. If they are i
sent to the Senate, it is merely a nominal thing; j
for, since I have been a member of the. bodv, I i
have never heard of the rejection of an officer of a
revenue cutter. I am voting for the benefit of the
service of the country, and 1 shall vote against
this amendment, because I think it is better to put
into the revenue marine those who have seen sea-
service and know how to perform it; butl am not
voting for a multiplication of offices. This pro-
vision is necessary for the service of the country,
and, besides, the probability is that, if the bill be
amended, it will be lost m the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. HUNTER. I am opposed to this limita-
tion of the power of the Executive. It seems to
me that, as has been very well remarked, this is
an Executive matter. We have to trust him at 1
last with this discretion. If you were to insert i
this provision, and if he did not choose to follow '
it, could you compel him to do so' If you could, j
is he not to select from men who have been sail-
ors and have served more than a year before the i
! mast? Is it proper to impose such a restriction? 1
j May it not be that the most of the class to whom 1
j it is proposed to confine the selection are utterly I
' unfit to command one of these cutters. You have
j to trust to the discretion of the Executive at last, '
and it seems to me that such legislative restric- J
tions as these upon him are altogether improper.
Besides that, I do not see why it is that he should
be restricted in his appointments to one class of
persons who may have seen sea-service. A man
may have seen sea-service without having been
before the mast. It is not necessary that he should
have served in the capacity of a common sailor to I
enable him to have seen sea-service. j
Mr. HAMLIN. Allow me to state to the Sen- I
ator from Virginia that, by the present law, a i
gunner in the Navy must have seen two years' sea- j
service before he can be appointed; and though 1 i
cannot refresh my recollection upon the subject j
at this moment, I think there are a great many
officers for which the law requires now, as a pre- i
liminary, that those appointed shall have seen
sea-service. I
Mr. HUNTER. There may be restrictions in ;
other laws, but I am not aware of them, and I am
not speaking of them; I am speaking of this pro-
vision in this bill. I.know what this is. I see no
reason for limiting the discretion of the Executive
in this way; nor am I satisfied in regard to the
other point, that we ought to increase the number
of revenue cutters. I do not believe it is a branch
of service which ought to be much increased. I
do not know how many of them are now in com-
mission. I know that during Mr. Meredith's
administration of the Treasury Department, he
did reduce the number of cutters, with some ad-
vantage to the service. Whether they are about
to be increased again 1 do not know; but in regard
to this provision, at any rate, I feel convinced that
it ought not to remain in the bill.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I am sorry to
find that the Secretary of the Treasury has so
much less confidence in himself than I have in
him. I learn from the honorable Senator from
Maine that he desires to tie his own hands. It
seems to me entirely unnecessary. Now,sir, the
test of qualification proposed is one year's service
before the mast. Does anybody believe that
would give any guarantee of qualification for this
post? The other provision in the bill requires
that a person of proper skill and knowledge shall
be appointed. Now, if we have an officer in the
Treasury Department who is disposed honestly
to do his duty, that is all the requirement you
need impose, on him; but the test of one year's
service before the mast is so manifestly inade-
quate, so altogether insufficient, that it seems to
me we ought to discard it. Why, sir, out of the
fifty thousand men who serve before the mast,
how many do you suppose are qualified, by one
year's service, to command a ship? Will one
year's experience before the mast enable the men
who serve in that capacity to command ships?
Sir, other qualities are necessary to the command
of a vessel, and other qualities than seamanship
are required in the captain of a revenue cutter.
J*here is an intelligence required that does not
ordinarily belong to the class of men who serve
before the mast. This looks to me like an attempt
to bring up those who have not arrived at a proper
condition of knowledge and general competency
for these places.
Mr. MALLORY. The more this section is
examined, the more apparent becomes its impro-
priety. I can speak with some little knowledge
on this subject, because I have been familiar with
the service of revenue cutters for some years gast.
This section imposes a (single test for official sta-
tion in that service, and that is seamanship. How
does it provide that seamanship shall be acquired ?
By one year's service before the mast as a common
; sailor! " Sea-service" is a specific term which
has a well settled meaning; the master of a vessel
sees sea-service; but this section goes on to pre-
scribe in what position the required sea-service
shall have been seen; and what is it ? It is before
the mast—the very poorest position in which a
man can acquire skill m navigation.
But, sir, this is the very last qualification for a
revenue officer. If Senators have been familiar
with the manner in which these officers do their
duty in the collection of the revenue, they will find
that this is the very last qualification which should
be required. Our levenue cutters are employed
within our collection districts, and on our lakes;
they never go beyond them. They are under the
orders of the collectors of the customs. They are
rarely used, even as dispatch boats, beyond the
sight of land. No peculiar confidence in their
own skill and powers of navigation is therefore
necessary; but what they do want is a knowledge
of the general revenue system of the country, of
the laws governing the importation of merchan-
dise, and the duties, of inspectors of the customs.
They are tide-waiters, although dressed in uni-
form; they are inspectors of the customs, and
nothing more than inspectors. Under the singular
mode of procedure in this country in which desks
are made bureaus, and bureaus are made depart-
ments, these men have grown up into a large
system; but still they occupy an intermediate
position between civil and military life. They
are not naval officers; they are entitled to no pen-
sions. They simply belong to the preventive ser-
vice, and they are only qualified to perform that
service as they understand the laws in regard to
the importation of merchandise which they have
to enforce. If you were to search the revenue
service to-day you would find that some of the best
officers, those whom every collector would desire
to retain, are the worst seamen in the service; and
yet this section presumes that is the only test.
Now, sir, to the building of these additional cut-
ters we can have no objection; the cutters, perhaps,
are wanted, but why should any attempt be made
to modify the present condition of the revenue
service upon a bill to provide for the building of
cutters? Why have not the Committee on Com-
merce, if they wished to modify or touch the
revenue service proper, proposed a separate bill to
reform it? There is no service in our Government
which requires the action of Congress more ths.n
the revenue service at this time. There are a great
many points, of which this is the smallest, which
need reformation. But, sir, the idea that a man
is to acquire a knowledge of navigation and sea-
manship from one year's service before the mast,
seems to me to be preposterous. It would exclude
