888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
a commodore in our Navy, who was the most
efficient man in it, who hus never been to sea
before rtie mast an hour in his life. Not one in
fifty of the men who >erve before the mast can
manage a quadiant or a sextaw, and they are
never called upon to assume responsibility. A
man in that position knows nothing of navigation.
He "knows the ropes," as the seamen say, but
he has no responsibility; he is simply to obey the
orders which are given to him. His position is
not to give orders to others.
The general objection is, also, it seems to me
overpowering: that this does place a teat on this
appointment, which heretofoie has been in the
hands of* the Executive Department; and that
Executive Department, so far ns my knowledge
extends, of late years, has exercised a very sound
discretion. I know of no appointments to the
service within the last fifteen years which are not
creditable to it. 1 could point out officers who,
in former years—rwenty-five years a:<o—were
taken from the desk, from the counting house,
and from the store, who did not know one end of
a vessel from another; but that period has passed
by, and the officers themselves are now endeavor-
ing to place the service on a respectable footing,
in order that hereafter it may be a portion of the
military s rvice of the country.
Mr, HAMLIN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. Before the question is taken
I wish to say a word, as a member of the Com-
mittee on Commerce. It seems to me that there
is a great deal of cannonading against a very small
object. 1 do not see what Jbtum this provision
can possibly do. Although it requires a single
qualification, it leaves the whole range of the
country in all other respects open to the discre-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury in making
his selections. What it does require is simply
that seamen shall be appointed for the command
of these vessels who have practical experience.
What is this service? It does not belong to the
Army or the Navy, nor to the revenue department
proper; but it is the revenue police. If you want
to have a police officer in your harbors to take care
of the interests of the United Spates, to prevent
smuggling and other offenses against the revenue
laws he ought to be a man who, in all weathers,
and at all times, by night as web as by day, shall
not be afraid to go out from his lair to seize the
object of arrest. It seems to me that if the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, with his experience, ap-
proved this provision we should not object to it.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to ask the precise
form in which the amendment of the Senator from
Virginia now stands. Is it to strikeout the whole
section ?
Mr. HUNTER. No, pir, it is only to strike out
the words which the Senator from Florida sug-
gested.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment ie to
strikeout the words "shall not have served at
least one year before the mast, and who."
Mr BAYARD. I should have preferred striking;
out the whole qualification, on the ground which
I stated, that I think the less we trench on Execu-
tive discretion in matters which ought to be trans-
acted by the Executive ^on his "discretion and
responsibility to the country, the better; but the
particular clause which this motion is made to
strike out I consider shocking. Its effect is to
exclude every man, who has not been a common
sailor before the mast, from being appointed to
office in the revenue service. That is the effect of
the section as it now stands. 1 will puppose a case
of thie kind, and I will only mention one. I will
suppose the case of a young man, a midshipman
in your Navy, who has never beer, before the
mast, but has actually served at sea. He finds
promotion in the Navy so slow and difficult that
it is vain to wait there in time of peace, and so he
prefers taking a berth in the revenue service.
Would you exclude him? And yet the effect of
the section would be necespaniy to preclude
appointments from that class altogether. There
might be many other instances which I could
mention, but it is not necessary. If you confine
itsimply to persons who have served a year before
the mast, 1 doubt very much whether their quali- j
fications are such as to enable them to be proper
and *-ffi«^ f-n  revenue < ffioers.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to make a single
statement to explain what was said by the Senator
: from New York, and the Senator from Florida.
| It is true these effieers are a police force to guard
| the revenue; hut it is also true, as probably every
Senator knows, that, for the last ten years at least
—perhaps for the last twen'y—under express
directions of the Treasury Department all the
revenue cutters have acted m the capacity of res-
cuing sick and disabled seamen all along our
coasts. 1 have before me papers showing that a
vast number of people have been rescued by them.
This requires a knowledge of seamanship as well
as of the revenue laws.
Mr. MA LLORY. 1 should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Maine whether there is any naval officer,
who ever served before the mast?
Mr. HAMLIN. I believe not.
Mr. HUNTER. I will modify myamendment,
so as to strike out the whole section.
Mr. STUART. I think that cannot be done
without unanimous consent. I object.
The PREsI DENT. It requires ununimouscon-
sent to modify the amendment, the yeas and nays
having been ordered.
Mr. STUART. I object to the modification.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment resulted—yeas 520, nays 36; as
follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Brodhend, Brown,
Cl-v, (.Niojm-i, FnxpHinek, (Iwiii, Hunter, Jones
of Tennessee. Ma lory, M.wni, Peaiee, {'eitu, Seb.istam,
Shield*, Stidell, Tuueey, ami Well*—i.0
NAYS—Messrs. Ad.uns, Bell, Braitierd, Cha«e, Dodge
of IWeonstn, i'VePtimli't), Gillette, ll.unliii, Janice, llu^k,
Seward, Stuait,Minmer, Wade. Wilson,and Wright—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I now move to strike out
the whole of the second section of the bill.
Mr. STUART. I think we certainly ought
not to go that length. Once in a while, sir, we
get very technical and wise, and then again we
lose sight of all those rules entirely. I suppose
the statute-books are full of legulations of this
kind in regard to the Army and Navy. You au-
thorize the Piesident to appoint certain officers, to
be selected out of a, given class, for instance, the
captains; you confine his selection to captains or
lieutenants. It hus been done again and again,
and there never was any objection to it when fanly
considered. Now it is insisted ihat there shall
be no qualifications whatever prescribed, notwith-
standing it is conceded by the Senator from Flor-
ida, who makes this motion, that the time is buta
little way back when you used to take merchants'
cleike, men from desKs or stoies, anybody and
everybody, who was totally urfit for the service,
arid put them in rommand of revenue cutters
The Senator from Florida says it has been man-
aged better lately. How long may it be before |
they will return to the old plaiii ? We know that
the importunities to put some friend into a place
whether he has any qualification for the place or
not are sometimes almost nresistible.
Now, what does the section, as it stands, re-
quire? Simply that a man shall be selected who
is qualified, who can furnish evidence to the
pointing power that he is qualified for the duties;
and yet the Senate undertake to say, by striking
out the section, that it shall be permissible to ap-
appoint a man who is unqualified. Sir, it is but a
short time ago since the Senate was aroused by
the fear of trusting the War Department with the
discretion of determining upon an inspection
whether one harbor required an amount of money
to be laid out upon its improvement sooner than
another; and yet, almost the next day, the Senate,
by a large vote, conveyed the whole discretion of
the Government to three executive officers, in re-
lation to making railroads from here to California.
To day it is insisted that the Senate shall not
qualify the right of the Executive m any degree;
that they shall object to saying in this second sec-
tion that none shall be appointed to these officers
who are not qualified. I confess that I think we
had better retain this provision. 1 think we had
bettersay that whoever is appointed to the revenue
service shall first satisfy the appointing power
that he possesses the requisite qualifications. That
certainly gives the whole world to appoint from,
who possess the qualifications required. Unless
the Senate mean to say that they are perfectly
willing that somebody shall be appointed who is
destitute of the qualifications, I can see no good
reason for not retaining the section as it stands.
Mr. BROWN, i voted for the first amend-
ment proposed, but I shall vote against this. 1
thought that the requirement that a man in order
to be an officer in the revenue service should have
served a year before the mast, according to the
explanations given by gentlemen who seemed to
understand sea-faring life, was, to say the least
of it, an embarrassment which ought not to be
imposed; and though it might not embarrass the
present Secretary of the Treasury, it might em-
barrass his successor, and how long it may be
before he has a successor, of course we cannot
tell. I think, however, that it is altogether proper
to retain the section as it now stands. The argu-
ment that the Secretary will not appoint an im-
proper man does not strike my ramtf with peculiar
force. We know very well that Secretaries have
appointed improper men to office. Every depart-
ment at Washington was crowded with incom-
petency, and what did Congressdo? They inter-
posed, and ordered them to have their own clerka
examined by a board to see whether th«-y were
| qualified before they should be appointed A Sec-
| retary who has shown that he either would not or
i could not inquire into the capaci'y of a clerk in
his own Department, before annoi umg him at a
salary ranging from $1,000 to $!,fe00, ought to be
restricted into an examination ot me qualifications
of these officers before he appoints them. 1 think
the sec'ion imposes a very proper restriction upon
the appointing power, and gives a very proper
direction to it; and I have no idea of striking it
out.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment made as in Co mmittee of the
Whole was concurred in, and ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read the third time.
The bill, as amended, was read the third time, and
passed.
LOT DAVIS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now ask the Senate to take
up a private bill granting a pension of six dollars
a month to Lot Davis. It is a bill which has
passed the House, and I apprehend no Senator
will raise his voice against it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. The bill was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MALLORY. I now move that the Sen-
ate take up the bill which has been returned from
the House with amendments, tQ promote the effi-
ciency of the Navy. I have been struggling for
several days to get that bill up, and my object in
making the motion now, is, that when it is taken
up, I may move an adjournment, so that it may
be the first business to-morrow morning.
Mr. PETTIT. I have a small bilf to report
from the Committeeon the Judiciary for the ben-
efit of the State of Tennessee, which it is import-
ant should be passed immediately. It is merely
a bill to change thetime of the terms of the courts.
For three days past I have endeavored to "ft an
opportunity to report that bill, which is a House
bill, to which there can be no objection. Itought
to be passed at once.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Florida yield the floor to the Senator from In-
diana?
Mr. MALLORY. By unanimous consent, I
suppose, the Senator from Indiana can report his
bill; but I do not wish to yield the floor. If I
lose this opportunity of bringing up the bill which
1 have moved to take up, I may not get another
Mr. SEWARD, I shall object to the motions
of the Senator from Florida and the Senator from
Indiana. Both Senators will have an opportunity
to-morrow morning to get up their bills.
Mr. PETTIT. I am afraid 1 shall nothavean
opportunity to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Florida yield the floor?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT. The question is cn the
motion of the Senator from Floi ida.
Mr. PET TIT. On that 1 ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HAMLIN. I beg one indulgence more
of the Senate. I hold in my hand a bill which I
deeiie to report from the Committee on Commerce
to establish collection districts in the Territory of
