890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Pennsylvania proposes to suspend all the rules of
the House to enable him to submit his motion.
Mi. COBB. The Chair will allow me to make
n statement, in order to place myself right. I
objected to the consideration of that bounty land
bill now, because the other matter was pending.
The subject which is pending is a bill in which I
am deerily interested.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. I believe the Chair
has decided that my motion is in order. If the
House do not like it, let them vote it down.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is reminded that
there is already a motion to suspend the rules
holding over from last Monday. The motion was
made by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Da-
vis,] to enable him to report a bill from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia. The Chair is
of opinion that that motion takes precedence of the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I do not withdraw it.
Hftre, amid much confusion,
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH inquired what the
decision of the Chair was.
The SPEAKER. If the House will come to
order the Chair will state that he is very much
inclined, so far as he is concerned, to have no busi-
ness transacted unless it is done in order. The
Chair will not hear motions made unless made
in order. Nor will he hear speeches unless com-
pelled to; hut as to that, gentlemen are determined
that the Chair shall hear speeches at all events,
and he has no control over that. The Chair hopes
the House will aid him.
rile Chair decided that the motion to suspend
the rules holding over from last Monday, takes
precedence of the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. DICKINSON. I would inquire of the
Chair whether it is in order to move that the House :
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union? j
The SPEAKER. It is in order; but the motion }
to suspend the rules to go into the Committee of :
the Whole on the state of the Union, the motion to |
suspend the rules generally, and one or two other i
privileged motions, are all of the same character, >
and must be put in the order in which they are
made, that being the only distinction made by the
rules in regard to them.
/ Mr. DAVIS. On Monday last I made a mo-
tion to suspend the rules, in order to enable me to
report a bill from the Committee for the District of
Columbia, simply to organize an institution for
the insane of the Army arid Navy, and of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. Pending that motion the House
adjourned. I am willing now to take that matter
up, and dispose of it, in order that other gentlemen
may have the opportunity to make such motions
as they desire.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Indi-
ana is willing, I should like to have the vote taken
without any debate, without speeches upon the
bill of my colleague, [Mr. Cobb.]
Mr. CHASTAIIN. I rise to a question of
order. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has, as
I understand it, moved to suspend the rules for
the purpose of taking up the bill he indicated. Is
it in order, pending that motion, for the gentleman
from Indi ma to bring up another question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has so decided.
The motion of the gentleman from Indiana, to sus-
pend the rules, was made on Monday last, and
takes precedence, or rather must be disposed of,
before another similar motion can be entertained.
Mr. CflASTAIN. But I understand that prop-
osition was voted down.
The SPEAKER. JNotatall. The House ad-
journed pending the motion, and it held over. The
Clerk will report the bill which the gentleman from
Indiana wishes to report.
The hill was reported, as follows:
A bill to organize an institution for the insane
of the Army and Navy, and of the District of Co-
lumbia, in said District.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House to consider the bill without objection ?
[Cries of " Yea !" " Yes !"]
Mr. DAVIS. I will make only one remark,
and not consume the time of the House.
The SPEAEfER.. Theobjectof the question of
the Chair was to prevent the necessity of moving
to suspend the rules. There was no objection.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, if there is no objection, I
will defer any remarks for the present.
The Clerk read the bill through.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I will
make a few remarks upon the bill and then call
for the previous question on its passage. It will
be remembered that at the first session of the last
Congress an appropriation was made for the con-
struction within the limits of the District of Co-
lumbia an institution for the care of the insane of
the Army and Navy, and of the District. At the
last session an additional appropriation was made
for the same object. A portion of the building,
of sufficient capacity to accommodate about forty
patients is now completed, and is occupied by the
insane of this District. Another portion of the
building sufficiently large to accommodate about
fifty patients more is completed, and will soon be
ready for the reception of patients. It becomes
necessary in this stage of progress to have an act
of Congress for the organization of the institution.
The Committee for the District of Columbia, after
having examined the mode and manner of organ-
j izing and conducting similar institutions in the
various sections of the Union, have come to the
conclusion, unanimously, that the bill now sub-
mitted is better calculated to carry out the benevo-
lent purposes of Congress in making theappropri-
ations referred to than any other. It is a mere act
of organization.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is this bill and the ar-
rangements made under it founded upon the cur-
rent opinions of Dr. Kirkbride and others?
Mr. DAVIS. Yes, sir; I will say further,that
I had collected a considerable amount of'statistical
information in regard to the organization and
management of similar institutions in the several
States, and had intended to have presented them
with some comments to the House. But I will
not now, at this late day of the session, when time
is so important, take up the time of the House. I
will print them, not-for the effect which they will
produce in the House, as that is, I am sure, un-
necessary, but for the benefit of those who may
come after us. 1 suppose that there can be no
objection to the bill, and, therefore, call for the
previous question
The call for the previous question received a
second, and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time, and being engrossed it was read a
third time, and passed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to suspend the rules,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
BOUNTY" LAND DILL AGAIN.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. What becomes of
the motion which I submitted in regard to the o d
soldiers'bill?
The SPEAKER. It was superseded by another
motion. The two motions, the one made by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Davis,] holding
over from last Monday, and the other made by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, could not exist
at the same time. The motion of the gentleman
from Indiana superseded that of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. When that motion was dis-
posed of, thegentleman from Pennsylvania did not
seek the floor to renew his motion. The gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Houston] was the only
gentleman who addressed the Chair, and hemoved
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. I hope the gentle-
man from Alabama will withdraw his motion for
one minute. I do not propose to put the bill upon
its passage.
* Mr. HOUSTON. What motion does the gen-
tleman propose to submit?
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. I understand that
the bill which I desired to have action upon has
been considerably changed, and I desire that it
may be ordered to be printed for the information
of members.
Mr. HUNT. And propose to set apart Tues-
day of next week for its consideration.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to the
bill being ordered to be printed.
_ Mr. HENN. I object to any order being made j
in regard to the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn- I
sylvania desires the consent of the House to have
the bill referred to by him printed for the tlse of
the members of the House. Is there objection ?
There being no objection, the order was made.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. I desire further
to give notice that I will call it up for consideration
at an early day—say Saturday next.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the gentleman
will say Tuesday next.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. I have no objec-
tion to that. I will say Tuesday next.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman propose
to make the bill a special order for that day?
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. That can be done only by-
unanimous consent.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to its being made
a special order. I yielded the floor for no such
purpose.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. Then, all 1 can
do will be to give notice to the House that, on
Tuesday next, I will move to take it up. I give
that notice.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to call
the attention of the House to a question of order,
the decision of which may affect very much the
progress of the business of the House. The Chair
recognized the gentleman from Indiana and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, and, under the
circumstances, received motions to suspend the
rules, as taking precedence of the disposal of the
bill before the House. He is, however, upon re-
flection, of the opinion that his decision was
wrong, and that the motion should not have been
received until the question pending before the
House had been disposed of, which was the bill
introduced by thegentleman from Alabama. [Mr.
Coijb,] and the question immediately pending was
the seconding of the demand for the previous
question.
In order to make the rules at all practical, the
j Chair will in future decide that, until that and
other similar propositions pending before the body
at the time are disposed of, it is not in order to
move to suspend the rules generally. Under a
special rule of the House, however, it is in order
to move to suspend the rules and go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
That is the language of the rule; and it takes that
motion, out of the category of motions, to suspend
the rules generally. The Chair, therefore, decides
that the motion made by the gentleman from
Alabama to suspend the rules and go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
is in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I made that motion, but I
am willing to withdraw it to allow a test vote to
be taken, by yeas and nays, upon the bill now
before the House, reported by my colleague, [Mr.
C 01! B. ]
Mr. COBB. I now desire to withdraw two
motions which I made yesterday in reference to
this bill.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. I desire to know
whether the bill reported by me was ordered to be
printed ?
The SPEAKER. It was.
' would like to understand
more fuljy the effect of the decision just now made
by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will repeat his
decision.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Chair allow me first
to make a suggestion? Under the rules of the
House, it is in order to move to suspend the rules
I generally at any time within ten days of the close
! of a session. The object of that rule, as I under-
: stand it, is to place it within the power of the
House to act upon such business as, in their opin-
I ion, is most important to be acted upon before
I the close of the session. The object is to put the
| House m the control of its own business; and
I ' %,v,e pnvlleSe which> for 'he preceding
! portion of the session, only applied to Mondays,
was extended to every day within the last ten
. j' .u r.T' -sn' the decision which I under-
stand the Chair to have made is to prevail—if it is
not to be m order to move to suspend the rules
until the matter pending before the House is dis-
posed of—those matters may extend through the
whole ten days, until the close of the session, and
seded rU'6 W'" thU8 entirely super-
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman allow the
