1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
Chair t<> state another view of the question ? Sup-
pose it should be decided that the motion to sus-
pend the rules was in order generally; a gentle-
man moves to take up a bill upon the Speaker's
table. It ia taken up, and he demands the previous
question upon it. Another gentleman rises and
moves to suspend the rules to take up another bill,
and so we might go on till the close of the session,
without disposing of any proposition. The Chair
thinks the construction given by him to the rule is
the only practical one.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Chair allow me to
make another suggestion ? I think the case stated
by the Chair is quite a different one. If a bill has
been taken up under a suspension of the rules,
and the previous question called upon it, the
House which has voted to take it up, will of course
dispose of it. The whole matter is within the
control of the House. I think this case is an ex-
ception to the rule laid down by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The practice of allowing any
member to move to suspend the rules at any time,
while a proposition isunder consideration, would,
in the opinion of the Chair, result m breaking
down the business of the House. The Chair
adheres to his decision. The business before the
House is the bill reported by the gentleman from
Alabama, upon which that gentleman is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. COBB. On yesterday I made two motions.
1 moved 10 recommit the bill, and I demanded the
previous question upon the motion. I now desire
to withdraw both those motions, and to offer an
amendment which I send to the Clerk's desk, and
again demand the previous question. I will state,
however, that the effect of that amendment is this:
The Committee on Public Lands have decided
upon the principle not to give lands to any railroad
which has been completed. Since this bill was
diawn up a portion of the roads embmced in it
have been completed.
Mr. SEWARD. I call the gentleman from Ala-
bama to order.
Mr. COBS. I am in order.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not think thegentleman
is in order, i submit that it is not competent for
any gentleman to move the previous question and
retain the motion as long as it suits his conve-
nience, and then withdraw it, and make other
motions to accomplish his own purposes. The
gentleman from Alabama having withdrawn the
demand for the previous question, I hold that I
am entitled to the floor, and I move to take up
Senate bill No. 579.
The SPEAKER The gentleman from Ala-
bama yesterday called the previous question upon
the bill, but before the motion was disposed of the
House chose to adjourn. The gentleman had the
right to withdraw the motion, therefore, this morn-
ing.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the gen-
tleman after he has disposed of the question of
order already pending, raised by the gentleman
from Georgia.
Mr. CRAIGE. I rise to a privileged question.
The Chair has decided that it is in order at any
time to move to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. I submit that motion,
and I hold that it must take precedence of the
motion of the gentleman from Alabama.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will entertain the
motion of the gentleman from North Carolina.
But first he wiil dispose of the question of order
raised by the gentleman from Georgia. The gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] withdrew the
demand for the previous question, offered an
amendment, and again renewed the demand for
the previous question, as he had the right to do.
Mr. COBB. I am, then, upon the floor, and I
desire to make a single statement.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, notwithstanding,
must satisfy the gentleman from Georgia upon his
question of order. Thegentleman from Georgia
claims the floor. The Chair decides that he is not
entitled to it for the purpose indicated by him,
the previous question having been demanded by
the gentleman from Alabama. And thegentleman
from Georgia will see that the gentleman from
Alabama could not take advantage of the House
at all. He submitted the motion yesterday for the
previous question, and it was in the power of the
House to second it at «nce; but the House having
decided to adjourn without any action having been
taken upon his motion, it was certainly in his
power to withdraw it, and to submit the amend-
ment which he has.
Mr. COBB. 1 will now endeavor to conform
to the rules as laid down by the Chair.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Has the previous question
been called? If it has, I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will execute the
rules of order rigidly; for if he does not, he cannot
execute them at all. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Alabama to demand the previous
question. He is not, therefore, entitled to the floor
to submit any remarks. The gentleman from
North Carolina has moved to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. COBB. I did not intend to call the previous
question until I had submirted some remarks. If
the Chair decides that I did call it, however, let it
g°-
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Alabama to demand the previous
question, and it is for him to determine whether
he did or not. He has the right to withdraw it if
he desires.
Mr. COBB. Well, let it go. I leave it for the
House to decide.
The question now being upon the motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union,
Mr. MILLSON demanded tellers upon the mo-
tion.
Tellers were ordered: and Messrs. Jones, of
Louisiana, and Harlan, of Indiana, were ap-
pointed .
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 70, noes 80.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I now move to lay the
Alabama railroad bill upon the table.
Mr. COBB. I demand the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Appleton, Ashe, David J.
Bailey, Belcher, Dennett, Benson, Bocock, Boyce, Bridges,
Carpenter, 0<t«-kie, Chase, Chaplain, Clint-man, Cling-
man, Cox, Craige. Croeker, Curtis, Cutting, Dawson,
Dickinson, Drum, Eddy, Thomas D. Eliot, English, Eth-
eridge, Farley, Fenton, Flagler, Fuller, Gamble, (bidding-,
Han.ilton, Aaron Harlan, Hastings, Haven, Hendricks,
Htbbard. Hie^ter, Hill, Hughe?. Daniel T Jones, George
W. Jones, J. Glaucy Jones, Kerr, Kidwell, Kittredge,
Kuriz, Lane, Letcher, Lc\\i>, Lilly. MeMulhn, Maunce,
>Ia\, Meacham, Middleswarth. Smith Miller, Millson,
Morgan, Moriison, Murray, NiehoN, Andrew Oliver,
Packer. Parker, PeckhHm, Pennington, Powell, Puryear,
Ready, David Ritchie, Ruftiti, Russell, Sabm, Satje, Sey-
mour, Shannon, Shower, Simmons, Skelton, Richard H.
Stanton, Stratton, Andrew Stuart, John J. Tayloi, John L.
Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tracy, Trout, Vansant,
Wade. Walley, Israel Wa&hburn, Tappan Wentworth,
and Wheeler—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, James O. Allen, Wil'is
Allen, Banks, Barrv, Benton, Bujrg, Campbell, Caruther*,
Clark, Cobb, Cook, Corwin, Cullom, John G. Davis,
Thomas Davis, De Witt, Diek, Disney, Dowdell, Dun-
bar, Dunham, Eastman, Edgerton, Eili<on, Plorcrice,
Green, Greenwood, Grey, Sampson W Hams, Wiley P.
Harris, Harrison, Henn, Houston. Hunt, Roland Jones,
Knox, Latham, Lindiey,Lnid«ley, M< Dougall, Macy.Mar-
teson, Maxwell, Mayall, Noble, Olds. Mordeeai Oliver,
Orr, John Perkin-, Phelps, Phillip*, Piatt, Reese, Rich-
ardson, Thomas Ritehey, Rowe, Sapp, Seward, Suigle-
| ton, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, George W.
i Smyth, Sollers, Fredeuek P Stanton, Ilestor L. Stevens,
! David Stuart,Teller, Thurston, '/'weed, Upham, Warren,
i Elhhu 15. Wa.*liburne3 John Wentworth, Westbrook,
I Daniel B.Wright, Henduck B. Wright, and Zollicoffer—
i
j So the bill was laid upon the table,
i Mr. NORTON stated that he had paired off
| with Mr. Grow; he being in favor of the bill and
j Mr. Grow opposed to it.
j Mr. GOODE stated that he was not within the
• bar when his name was called, or that he should
I have voted m the affirmative,
j Mr. HAMILTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
; tion. I think we had better fix these matters as
! we go along. I move to reconsider the vote by
i which the bill was laid upon the table, and to lay
; the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion, was agreed to,
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I have been
endeavoring for the last week to brin^ to the atten-
tion of the' House a bill which I think will not
occupy more than a few minutes. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House, to allow me to report
the court of claims bill, from the Committee «f
Claims.
Mr. SKELTON. I object.
Mr. WARREN. I understand that the regular
order of business now is the call of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands for reports.
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair
only extended to such matters as were then imme-
diately pending before the House. It is in order
to move to suspend the rules, after one matter has
been disposed of and before another has been
taken up.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I move to sus-
pend the rules to enable me to report the bill which
I have indicated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Thegentleman has
made a motion to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose of bringing; up the courtof claims bill. That
bill would, perhaps, come up more appropriately
to-morrow, which is private bill day If thegen-
tleman will yield me the floor, 1 will now move to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. We can then endeavor to dispose
of the civil and diplomatic bill to-day, and to-mor-
row the gentleman's motion will come up.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope there will
be no objection to that. The gentleman's motion
will come up first thing to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. Js there any objection?
No objection was interposed.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr Jones, of Tennessee; and it was decided in
the affirmative—ayes one hundred and twenty,
noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(M r. Hibbard in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the bill making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of Government for
the year ending the 30ih of June, 1856, and for
other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending
question was on the amendment offered last even-
ing by Mr Fuller, which is as follows:
And it shall be lawful for the President of the United
States to cause such measmes to be taken as, in his opin-
ion, may be expedient for providing convenient accommo-
dations, medical assistance, and the necessary attendance,
and supplies for the relief of sick and disabled seamen of
the United States, who may be at or near the port of Ha-
vana, in case the same may be done with the consent of the
Government having jurisdiction over the port, and, for that
purpose, to establish such regulations and to authorize tho
employment of such persons as he may judge proper; and
that for defraying the expenses thereof af-um not exceeding
$10,000 be, and the same is, hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. FULLER. I move to increase rhe appro-
priation one dollar. I merely want to invite the
attention of the committee to this one fact, that the
amendment which I offer is an exact copy of the
second section of the act of 1802, authorizing the
President to fix accommodations for the relief of
the United States seamen at New Orleans, with the
consent of the local authorities there. It was that
very act which assessed the twenty per cent, per
month upon the washes of boatmen down the Mis-
sissippi river to be levied at Fort Adams at that
time, for the purpose of supporting the expenses
of a hospital at New Orleans. That act was
approved by Mr. Jefferson; and I would call the
attention of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher,] who opposed the amendment yester-
day, to that fact.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire of
the Chair if the five-minute debate was not ex-
hausted upon this amendment yesterday evening?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Maine ha4* moved to amend his amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. He cannot do that.
Mr. JONES He cannot move to amend hia
own amendment.
TheCHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ten-
nessee 15 right. The amendment of thegentleman
from Maine to the amendment is n^t in order.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio I should like to hear
th^ original amendment reported.
The "Clerk as?ain read the amendment.
Mr. PECKHAM. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to increase the sum one dollar, and 1
yield the floor to my friend from Maine.
