892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 22,
Mr. PULLER. 1 am much obliged to my
frieitu Horn New York. I merely wish to say a
word in re. ly to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Letciier,] where he alluded to what he seemed
t«  consider the looseness of my views on certain
constitutional questions. I wish to call his atten-
tion to the fact, that the act of 1802 providing for
the establishment of a hospital by means of money
taken from the wages of seamen passing down the
Mississippi river w8s approved by Mr. Jefferson,
and' that this amendment is an exact copy of the
second section of that act, with no change what-
ever but the simple substitution of the word
'• Havana" for u New Orleans."
"The gentleman from Virginia commenced his
remarks by saying that we had fallen upon degen-
erate times. I agree with the gentleman that we
have fallen upon degenerate times; butit is for the
committee to say whether the word u degeneracy "
applies to the mover or the opposer of an amend-
ment which is precisely in the language of the act
of 1802, and which was approved by Mr. Jefferson
while New Orleans was a French port, and situated
in precisely the same circumstances as Havana
now is.
Mr. PECICHAM. If there be no objection, I
will withdraw my amendment to the amendment."
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
The question recurred on Mr. Fuller's amend-
ment.
Mr. FULLER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Keitt and
Lyon were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 82, noes 44.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. T'XYLOR, of Ohio, obtained the floor.
Mr. SMI Thi, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
from Ohio be good enough to allow me to offer an
amendment which comes in at this point of the
bill.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will withhold my amend-
ment for the accommodation of the gentleman
from Virginia.
Mr. SMITH. I offer the amendment. In
page forty, after line nine hundred and forty-five,
insert as follows:
For office rent up to l«t nf July, 1854, paid by our con-
sul, H. O CI nmhton, at Turk's Island while m the per-
formance of Insdutie-, a sum not exceeding >$300 : Piovidcd,
however, Thiit t-nid eoiiful shall, by sauslaeioi y evidence
to he laid bw'jre Urn Secretary of State, show the amount
actually paid by htm.
This is a very small matter, but if the commit-
tee do not choose to allow it, it is immaterial to
nie.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr TAYLOR, of Ohio. I now offer the fol-
lowing nmenditient:
For compensation of John P. Rrnwn chnrg^ d'affaires
ad interim to the Ottoman Government, wlm h ofliee he
fill'd, by ••rdrr ot the Pre-ident ot the United State*, lor
twelve miiiiih* and nineteen day-, between the 30th July,
18.3,'old mi 3Nt Jmmarv, 1?<.r>4, $2,216 1 i, th.it being ihe
differ' nee between the compensation recciv. d by Inm ay
principal interpreter of the Turkish language to the United
States legation at Constantinople,ar>d the u^ual allowance
to aehauu d'affaires for the time he acted in the Jailer
capacity.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
All of this class of claims was ruled out at the
last session because they are private claims.
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 think the amendment is in
order, a's it relates to our foreign intercourse. We
passed yesterday, at the instance of my friend
from Pennsylvania, on my left, [Mr. Chandler,]
a proposition to pay a consul for judicial setvices
performed by him. The amei.dment which 1
introduce is a prooosition to pay the dragoman or
interpreter of the Turkish language of the United
States legation, at Constantinople, for twelve
months' service as charge d'affaires, under the
order of the President, the difference between his
salary as such interpreter and the salary allowed
to the charge d'affaires there. I will state to the
committee that the Senate has lately made such an
appropiiation to Mr. Brown m a bill which is now
on the Speaker's table. But as we are not likely
to reach it, and for the purpose of saving time, I
offer this amendment here.
Mr. HOUSTON. The fact of a private bill
having been passed in this case by the Senate is a
conclusive reason why it should not be inserted
in this appropriation bill. It is a private claim.
The CHAIRMAN. It appears that the prop-
osition offered by the gentleman from Ohio is not
in order, not being properly authorized by law.
But particularly as there is a bill pending before
the House making the same provision, that—as
suggested by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,]—constitutes an additional reason why
this is not in order.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would suggest to the Chair,
that the latter part of the rule read will justify the
introduction of this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is compelled
to hold differently, and decides that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 wish to say,
that it strikes me that the eighty-first rule 
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de-
batable.
Mr. WASHBURN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair, for the purpose of stating the point
I desire to make. I have a right to make such
an appeal, and stating the grounds of my appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Maine may take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair, but he cannot debate the question of appeal,
unless he has the unanimous consent of the com-
mittee for that purpose. If there is no objection,
the gentleman from Maine can state the grounds
of his appeal.
Mr. WASHBURN. We have made provision
by law for the payment of our ministers to foreign
courts, and they have never been regarded as
private claims 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remind
the gentleman that he is arguing the question,
Mr. WASHBURN. It has been already set-
tled that claims of this character are in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Taylor] is not in order. From that decision an
appeal has been taken, and the question now is,
" Shall the decision, of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee5"
The question was taken, and, upon a division,
there were—ayes 75, noes 2G.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum voting, the
Cleik will proceed to call the roll.
The roll was then called, and the absentees
noted. The committee rose, and the Chairman
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration the state of the Union gener-
ally, and particularly House bill No. 561), being
the cml and diplomatic bill, had made some pro-
gress therein, hut befoie coming to any resolu-
tion thereon had found itself without a quorum,
had caused the roll to be called, and directed him
to report the names of the absentees to the [-louse.
The following is the list of the absentees:
Messrs. Abercronibie, Jamc C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Ba'l, Barks-dale, BWcher, J3< II, Bennett, Bliss,
Boyce, BugLS Campbell, ('at penter, < "olquitt, Crocker, Cul-
lom, (J.imtmng, turn-, Duws-on, Dent, Drum, Eastman,
John IW. Eilio't, F.mllutcr, Franklin, Goodwin, Green,
Grey, Glow, Hilly* r, Ingcr-oll tohn-on, Keir, Kiltrcilge,
Lane. Latham. M.ietlonuld, WeDougall, Mace, i\T;icj , John
(J Millet, MorriMHi, Nichols, Noble, Noiton, ltichard-on,
Ivogei.>j. s?npp, Shannon, Shaw, Simmons, Wjliinm It.
Smith, Frederick l'. Stanton, Alexander II. Stevens, Tel-
ler, Thur^on, Vail. Walbudge, Walker, Walsh, Wheeler,
and nendrtck B. Wright.
There being a quorum present—one hundred
and sixry-four members having answered to their
namet—the committee resumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN. The question pending
when the committee found uself without a quorum
was upon sustaining the decision of the Chair
overruling the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Taylor ] If there be no
objection, the question will be again taken.
Mr. ORR. I demand tellers. Itcannotnowbe
said that tellers have been refused, for the committee
found itself without a quorum, and I therefore ask
for tellers.
Mr. TAYLOR. Is it in order to have the
amendment read again for the information of the
House-?
Mr. WARREN. I object
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Keitt and
Cullom were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes eighty-four, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The following clause was then read:
<k For palariep and commissions of registers of land offices
and receivers of public moneys, $253,40^."
Mr. HOUSTON. Iam instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer an amendment
to the clause j-ist read. Alter the word moneys*
strikeout " j253,400"and insert  #318 000,"and
also af'er the word " moneys" in tne clause: For
expenses of depositinffpubhc moneys by receivers
of public moneys, $37,650, to strikeout "$37,650"
and insert "$100,000."
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I would like the gen*
tleman from Alabama to explain why there is this
increase of appropriation from $37,650 to $100,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. The following paragraph
from the letter of the Secretary of the Interior
will afford the necessary explanation to the gen-
tleman from Ohio:
" For salaries and commissions, instead of $2.">3,400, the
sum of $318,000 is asked j and for the expenses of d* posit-
ing, instead of $37,650, the sutn of $100,000is requested."
The necessity for this amendment grows out of
the large increase in the sales of lands under the
graduation act.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment; and it was agreed to.
The following clause being under consideration:
<c For compensation of a translator in the office of the
surveyor general of i\ ew Mexico, $2,000,"
Mr. DISNEY offered the following amend-
ment:
For compensation of surveyor general of CJtah Territory,
$3 0110;
For clerks in his office, $4,0'0;
For office rent of the surveyor general of Utah Territory,
fuel, books, stationery, furuiiure, and other incidental ex-
penses, $3,000.
Mr. DISNEY. It is only necessary to say,
that since this bill was prepared, a bill creating
the office of the surveyor general of the Territory
of Utah has passed into a law, and, therefore, it
becomes necessary to provide for the expenses of
that office.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The following clausebeinsunderconsideration,
" For surveying the necessary base, meridian, standard
parallel!-, and section lines in Kans>a-* and Nebraska, also
outlines of Indian reservations, $52,000,'*
Mr. HOUSTON offered the following amend-
ment:
Strike out " $52,000," and insert in lieu thereof "§101,-
000."
The question was put; and the amendment was
agreed to.
The followingclausebeing under consideration,
"For compensation of three inspectors of said pentten-
liarv,$300,"
Mr. SEWARD offered the following amend-
ment:
8tnke out " $300," and insert in lieu thereof .$7i0,"
and for the pre-ent fiscal year $450, in addition to the sum
already appropriated.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not understand that
that amendment is in order, and I therefore laise
the point upon it.
Mr. SEWARD. I will simply sav, that my
amendment is based upon esiitna'es* which the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr Houston] arted
upon at the last session of Congress in thawing
up the civil and diplomatic bill of that session.
The amount which I have asked for was put in
that bill, but, upon my motion, it was stricken
out, and the sum of $300 was inserted instead. I
made the motion to strike it out under a misap-
prehension of facts, and I seek now to correct the
wrong 1 then did. I only want to place in the
bill of this session the amount which the gentle-
man from Alabama recommended last *ep*iun.
Mr HOUSTON. I did not recommend it,
TheCH AIRMAN. In deciding the question of
order, the Chair would inquire wlut er the ap-
propriation is authorized by existing law ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I take it for granted that it
is merely an amendment for an increase of com-
pensation, and I have no more to sav upon it
Mr. SEWARD. All I htve to say is, thatthe
appropriation was put into the bill of last session
by the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is greatly
mistaken. I did not present it to the House at
™ PreRent any estimates whatever.
Mr. SEWARD. I did not say the gentleman
made the estimates,huttheamount was contained
in theestimates which thegentleman used in draw-
ln§*upr civil and diplomatic hill.
Mr, HENN. 1 would ts*y to tha committee,
