1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that the amount asked for now by the gentleman
from (ieorgia, was last year offered by the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,] and it
was objected to by the gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. SEWARD. In further explanation I will
say that this is the very amendment offered last
session.
The CHAIRMAN". Will the gentleman from
Georgia allow the Chair to ask whether there is
any existing law authorizing the appropriation
which he a^-ks?
MrrSEWARD. I do not understand thatthere
is not—that is, as to the precise amount which is
expresSfed in the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any law fixing
any compensation at all ?
Mr SEWARD. I cannot tell.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be any such law
the amendment is out of order. If there is no
such law the Chair cannot see why the amend-
ment is not in order. In absence of further inform-
ation the Chair rules the amendment to be in
order.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to make an explana-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order, but
the gentleman may proceed if nobody objects.
Mr. SEWARD. I only desire to state to the
committee that 1 offer this amendment at the sug-
gestion of members of the Committee of Ways
and Means. Thegentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Breckinridge,] one of that committee, called on
me and a>ked that I should correct the error which
I committed at the last session, i have offered
the amendment to do so, and hope that it may be
adopted.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. HAVEN. I offer the following amend-
ment: after the words,44 for the support, clothing,
and medical treatment of the insane of the Dist-
rict of Columbia, and of the Armv and Navy at
the asylum in said district, $16,800," insert aa
follows:
For finishing and furnishing the two la«tsections of the
hospital bmldin?, which comprise all that has been com-
menced, «5>02,5l5J; and lor the erection of a lodge lor the
colored insane, truces, repair ol the farm houses, for ten
cows lor u*e o! the a-yluin, tor a carnage and harness for
patients, for ditching, grading and setting out irees,
$1^,020.
Mr. Chairman, I state to the committee that I
offer the amendment not on my own responsibility,
but upon the estimate of the gentleman who is in
charge of the establishment. Perhaps I ask too
much. I want to put it to the consciences of mem-
bers. I will say that I have a heart pretty warm
towards that institution, and I hope that the
amendment may be adopted.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. KEITT. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For continuing the Washington aqueduct, $200,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit the point
whether that amendment is in order.
Mr. KEITT. Mr. Chairman, it is for contin-
uing the Washington aqueduct; and I take it that j
any amendment which makes appropriations in
pursuance of law is, under the rules, in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Has the work been already
begun ?
Mr. KEITT. It has.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment to be in order.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I demand tellers on
the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stuart, of
Michigan, and Edmundson were appointed.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected, the tellers having reported—ayes
fifty-three, noes notcounted.
Mr. CRAIGE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds to offer the
following: amendment:
For removing fences, grading streets, &c., preparatory
to the « xtcuHouofOapjtol square in dooorddf.ee with plans
submitted hv the Commtssionerof Public Buddings,.$15,000:
Provided, Tharnopait of this appropriation shall be ex-
pended except upon property now owned by the United
States. '
Mr. Chairman, that amendment becomes neces-
sary m consequence of the extension of the Capitol
north and south. It is intended that the Capitol
extension shaii be completed by the next session
of Congress, and therefore it is proper that we
should nowprovide for the extension of the Capitol
grounds north and south. It is with that view
my amendment is now offered.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Mr- Chair-
man, I have no doubt that important changes in
the grounds will be necessary in consequence of
the extension of the Capitol. I am not opposed to
this appropriation. But I simply desire the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds to state whether the plan proposed by
the Commissioner of Public Buildings will conflict
at all with that proposed in connection with the
original plan for the extension of the Capitol. I
understand that the plan originally devised will
take in the whole oralarge portion of theterritory
belonging to the Government on both sides of the
Capiiol grounds, so as to relieve to a considerable
extent the abruptness of the ascent? If that plan
is carried out Jt will involve the expenditure of
much more than $15,000, and the appropriation is
not what will be iequ<red.
Mr. JON ES. It will beas much as can be ex-
pended during this year, I presume.
Mr. CRAIGE. I do not understand precisely
what the original plan was. The plan I have in-
dicated, however, of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, contemplates the extension of the
grounds to B street north, and to B street south.
The appropriation, the gentleman will see, is not
to complete the grounds, but to remove the fences
and rubbish, preparatory to completing them
Mr STANTON. I only desired to know
whether the plan of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings would conflict with the one onginally
proposed in connection with the extension of the
Capitol. 1 think it is a matier of some import-
ance that that plan should be carried out. It is
necessary for the symmetry of the plan. The
teriaces will have to be ahered, and a great deal
of work done, besides removing fences and rub-
bish; and this appropriation will certainly not
carry out that plan, if the two plans conflict, we
might as well decide between them now.
Mr. CRAIGE. This appropriation certainly
cannot conflict with any plan for extending these
grounds, for it is only to remove fences, and to
make the preparations necessary for making the
extension,
Mr. STANTON. Very well. I do not object
to it.
The question was taken and the amendment
adopted.
The following clause of the bill was read:
" For compensation of sixteen laborers, employed in the
public grounds and President's garden, at forty dollars per
mouth each, $9,'216."
Mr. HOUSTON. Under the law of!854 the
salaries of these laborers was raised from fbrty to
forty-eight dollars per month. To make the ap-
propriation conform to that law, I move to strike
out the u forty" and insert u forty-eight."
The question was taken; and the amendment
agreed to.
The following clause of the bill was read:
" For compensation of two day watchmen, employed in
the Capitol square, at $.>00 each, $1,210."
Mr. HOUSTON. By the same law, the com-
pensation of these watchmen was also increased.
1 move to strikeout " $500" and insert "$600."
The question was put; and the amendment
agreed to.
The following clause of the bill was read:
" For compensation of the Auxiliary Guard, fuel, and oil
for Jamps^lG^uo."
Mr. HOUSTON. For the same reason, I move
to strike out the appropriation of " $16,400" and
insert (t $19,400."
The question was taken and the amendment
agreed to.
Mr. KEITT. I move to amend the bill by
inserting the following amendment:
For removing, the stone wall which now forms the
southern boundary of the pirk at the President's hou-e. in
accordance with the plan submitted by the CouiimsiSioner
on Public Buildings, .§15,0uO.
For the removal of ihe old eneme house of the Franklin
Fire Company from the triangular *pace on Pennsylvania
avenue, between Thirteenth and Fourteenth streets, and
inclivsmg said space with an iron lence, and improving it,
$6,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to hear the first part
of the amendment read again, or that my friend
froa; Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] will explain it.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I do not pre-
cisely understand it myself.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the proposition is to re-
move the wall on the south sidepf the President *s
grounds, and to inclose the road running round
there—as there was some talk about at the last
session—I object ro that part of the amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR., of Ohio. I will explain the
amendment if «he gentleman desires.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the amendment
is not what I had supposed. I withdraw my ob-
jection.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I desire to
offer the following amendment:
For removing the present dome over the central portion
of the C.ipitol, and the conMruclum of one upon tin- plan
declined bv T. U. Walter, architect of the C.«puol exten-
sion, $ UK),000.
Mr. KEITT. Is that to remove the dome on
this building?
Mr. STANTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOUS TON. I desire to know whether
that arnendmentcomes from any committee of this
House?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; I offer it upon my
own responsibility. It comes recommended by
no committee, but it conies recommended by a
necessity which every gentleman who examines
the subject must' see. The present dome does very
well tor the original building, bur, as everybody
must see, requires to be char ged to preserve the
symmetry of the building when ihe extensions are
completed. It is important that the appropria-
tion should be made now; and I understand the
change c-*n be rriude before the meetinguf the next
Congress. The architect of the building has de-
signed a dome, the plan of which 1 have seen, and
which commendsitself tomy judgment; and which
all who have seen it say is most beautiful and
perfect. It is well known that the present dome is
entnely too low to preserve the symmetry of the
building when the extensions are completed. It
will give it a squatty apoearance, if I may be
allowed the expression. Unless this is done the
whole purpose of the extensions, so far as its
beauty of construction is concerned, will be de-
feated. Now, sir, 1 understand that the plan pro-
posed by the architect is a proper one, and ihnt it
will not be attended with great cost. Thai dome
has always been an eye-sore to architects and
others who have taste in such matters; ai d n st-ems
to me that now is the appropriate time to author-
ize the reconstruction of it. It can he, perhaps,
completed before we get back here during the next
fall.
I am requested to say that it is designed to con-
struct it of cast iron, and from the experience
which the architect has had in these matteis I have
no doubt he will make it a very perfect thii g. No
man can look at the library, which is constructed
entirely of cast iron, without being immediately
convinced that such a structure can be erected aa
will be a credit to  h<* architect and to the country.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I unders and that the
gentleman from Kentucky has offered this amend-
ment upon his own responsibility, and that it has
not been proposed by any committee having
charge of the subject. I have no doubt but what
we might find oojects about this Capitol upon
which to spend money for the next fifty years. 1
have no doubt that we might find some beautiful
drawings by experienced architects which would
suggest something that might beautify the Capitol.
But while, I trust, 1 have some national pride, 1
am opposed to making these useless expenditures.
I am opposed to the amendment, and hope the
committee will vote it down.
Mr. SOLLERS. I move to increase the appro-
priation one dollar. My object in rising is not to
discuss the question of improving the architecture
of the Capitol, but I wish to say that I am not
much in favor of any of these new schemes of
improvement. I have been over the Capitol *x-
jtension with my friend from Kentucky, [Mr.
Stanton,] and have looked at it carefully; and if
I had to designate it, I would call it the pill-box
style of architecture—one box above another, and
no light or air from any quarter except by arti-
ficial means.
I do not think you can get anybody to put up
an iron dome, as my friend thinks. My impres-
sion is, that whenever Congiess enters luso a
