894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
FeUruary 22,
contract of this sort with anybody, it is always
cheated. I do not object to the amendment be-
cause an iron dome would not be a good dome, if
it could be constructed; but does the history of
the architecture of the world present an example
of an iron dome? 1 have done.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I think that it would
be very wrong for this committee to interfere be-
tween the superintendent of the Capitol extension
and the very eminent architect who is to cooperate
with him in the work.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Allow me to
say that there is no conflict whatever between
them.
Mr. TAYLOR. I am aware of that; but I
understand that the gentleman proposes, by this
amendment, to remove the present dome from the
central portion of the Capitol, and construct, in
place of it, one designed by Thomas U. Walter,
the architect of the Capitol extension, to be con-
structed under his direction. Now, sir, if Messrs.
Meigs and Walter had communicated to us that
this was necessary I should most cheerfully have
voted for it.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman is afraid of
a conflict, 1 will strike out that part of the amend-
ment providing: that the work shall be done under
the direction of the architect.
Mr. TAYLOR. I do not say that there is any
conflict, but 1 dislike that the House should un-
dertake to direct what kind of domeshall be placed
on the Capitol of the United States. I know
nothing of architecture; but I have the utmost
confidence in Captain Meigs, the eminent engineer,
who has been designated by the President to su-
perintend the building, and I believe Mr. Walter
has not a superior, as an architect, in this or any
other country. I am content to make the appro-
priations necessary to complete this great build-
ing—an honor to our country, and which is pro-
gressing, as far as I can see, to tne satisfaction
of everybody; and I am not prepared to reflect on
the plan of the building, as the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Sollers] seems to have done. It
appears to be progressing beautifully. I believe
that Captain Meigs and Mr. Walter, who have
submitted plans for this work—which any gen-
tleman can see who will walk into the new build-
ing—are eminently entitled to our confidence, and
that we ought not to interfere with them, or direct
in what manner the dome shall be placed on the
Capitol.
Mi. SOLLERS. Will the gentleman allow me
one question ?
Mr. TAYLOR. Yes, sir.
Mr. SOLLERS. The gentleman has had great
experience, and has traveled abroad, which I have
not. I would ask him if he believes that the
House of Representatives of the United States,
which will have to contain a great many more
members than it now does, and therefore ought to
be larger, can ever be supplied with air by artifi-
cial means?
Mr. TAYLOR. I can only say, as I said
before, that I am no architect, and am not ac-
quainted with the best modes of ventilating and
lighting buildings. But I will say to the gentle-
man that the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds have been informed by Captain Meigs,
and Mr. Walter, the architect, that the best talent
of this country has been invoked to insure proper
lighting and ventilating of the new Capitol exten-
sion. I may mention Professors Bacheand Henry
as among them. After consultation with these
gentlemen, and others, a plan has been adopted
for ventilating and lighting the new parts of this
building. Now, what are we to do? Are we, who
are not versed in architecture, to disarrange a pian
which has been adopted by eminent scientific
men? It is true, as my friend from Maryland
says, that I have had some experience, and have
seen some buildings, both at home and abroad,
but I do not profess to understand anything of
architecture. I can admire a fine building. I
know when one is well lighted. I know that this
Hall, though well lighted, is very poorly venti-
lated, and I trust that the new one will be better
prepared to accommodate the members of the
House.
Mr. STANTON. I will modify my amend-
ment by striking out that portion of it which pro-
poses to put the construction of the dome under
the direction of the architect. Now, I desire to
eay this v/ith reference to the plan. I understand
that the plan is one which has been studied by the
architect, and that it is approved by the engineer,
as well as by the architect. There is no conflict
between them in the world. They both believe
that the design is practicable, that it is necessary
to the perfection of the building, and that without
it the building would be imperfect. I understand
further, that they desire this appropriation. I
understand from the chairman of the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds that he was
called upon—very recently, it is true—to summon
his committee together, but something intervened
and prevented it, or the matter would have been
properly before the committee. I believe that the
chairman of the committee concurs with me in
my views upon this subject. I repeat that there
is no sort of conflict between the engineer and the
architect.
Mr. TAYLOR. If the words " under the direc-
tion of the architect" are stricken out, there will
probably be no conflict.
Mr. STAN TON. I have modified my amend-
ment in that way.
Mr. SOLLERS. I withdraw my amendment
to the amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Stanton's amend-
ment.
Mr. TWEED demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stuart, of
Michigan, and Witte were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 70, noes 70.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair votes in the
affirmative.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I am instructed by
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
to offer the following amendment; which has been
estimated for by the Secretary of the Interior and
recommended:
At the end of line one thousand one hundred and sixty-
five insert Use following.
To complete and rcvj&e the grades of the city of Wash-
ington, and to determine the plans (or the drainage and sew-
erage thereof, per act of August 31, 1852, ,$5,000.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The following clause of the bill was read:
" To meet the expenses of llic tiaupporratmn of certain
persona irom flan Diego to Ban Franciso, California,
charged with a violation of the neutrality law^of the United
States, and who surrendered themselves to the military
authotiiies, $1,200."
Mr. READY. I move to amend by striking
out the clause just read. That sentence proposes
to appropriate $1,200 to meet the expenses desig-
nated in it. I make this motion under the 81st
rule. I know of no law that authorizesan expend-
iture of the kind provided for by that clause of
the bill, and 1 therefore maintain that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had no authority to
include such an appropriation in the civil and dip-
lomatic bill. It is necessary to an understanding
of mv point, that! mention to the committee that
the 78th, 79th, and 80th rules of the House define
the powers and duties of the Committee of Ways
and Means. Rule 81st says:
" No appropriation shall be reported in «mch general ap-
propriation bills, or be in ord°r a5* an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not previously authorized by law, un
less in connection with appropriation for biich public pur-
poses and objects! as are already in progress, and for con-
tingencies for carrying on the several departments of the
Government."
I maintain that this appropriation is not author-
ized, upon the ground that it is not to meet any
public expenditure previously authorized by law,
nor is it any continuation of appropriations for
public purposes or objects already in progress,
and which may be necessary for carrying on the
several departments of the Government. If there
is any law under which this provision is inserted
in the bill I should like to have the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, or any other
gentleman, refer to it.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. EDGERTON. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section to the bill:
Sec.—. Jlndbe it further enacted, That so much ofthe
act enti'led "An act making appropriations for the cmi
and diplomatic expenses'of Government for the year ending
the 30th day of June, 1849, and for other purpose*-," ap-
proved August W, A. 1) 1848, as provides u for refunding:
certain dunes paid by enlleire-s academi*-"*, icbooN, and
seminaries of learning, m the United States-,on philosoph-
ical apparatus, instruments, books, maps, ai,d charts,"' and
that the same articles, and also certain otherartrcles therein
named, might and should thereafter be, in the manner ana
under the circumstances therein specified, imported into
the United States freo of duty, be, and the same is hereby,
so enlarged, altered, and amended, as to provide that the
duties paid on railroad iron actually and permanently laid
down, from and atter the 30th of June. A. D. 1853, up to
the 1st of July, A. D. 1856, being for the full period of three
years, shall, on satisfactory proof being made to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury of the fact aforesaid, be refunded to
the State or railroad company so laying down said iron, or
causing the same to be done, and said Secretary larfiereby
directed to repay said duties out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated ; and from and after
the passage of this act, dyes, dye-woods, dye-stuffs, (ef
whatever name or nature,) and wool, unmanufactured, cost-
ing more than fifty cents and less than twenty cents per
pound, at the place whence imported, may and snail be im-
ported into the United States free of duty: Provided, That
in all cases of wool falsely invoiced and valued under the
foregoing provision to defraud the revenue, there shall be
levied and collected on the same, double the amount of
duty now imposed by law on said article."
Mr. HOWE. I make the question of order on
the amendment. It proposes a radical change in
the revenue laws of the country, and as an amend-
ment to this bill, it is not, therefore, in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The 81st rule says " that
no appropriation shall be reported in general
appropriation bills, or be reported as an amend-
ment thereto for any expenditure not previously
authorized by law." 'The bill under consider-
ation is an appropriation bill, and inasmuch as
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Ohio proposes to vary the existing revenue laws,
it is, in the opinion of the Chair, clearly out of
order.
Mr. EDGERTON. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal is not debat-
able.
Mr. EDGERTON. Can I be permitted to state
the grounds of my appeal?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would be very
happy to hear the gentleman state the grounds of
his appeal, but if there be objection made it would
not be in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection is made, and
the Chair must enforce the rule.
Mr. EDGERTON. I take an appeal from the
decision of ihe Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. Two appeals cannot be
entertained at. the same time.
Mr. WHEELERdemanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messrs, Davis, of Indiana, and Kerb.
were appointed.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I rise to a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot enter-
tain another question of order until the one now
before the committee is settled.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 76', noes 68.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. RUSSELL offered the following amend-
ment:
Page 50, after line one thousand one hundred and ninety-
six, insert:
For ihe Metropolitan Railroad Company, the sum of
$500,000 : Provided, That said sum shall be expended upon
thai parr of said road lying within the limits ofthe District
of Columbia.
Mr- FLORENCE. I submit to the Chair that
the amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds the point
of order well taken, and rules the amendment out
of order.
Mr. CHANDLER.
amendment:
I offer the following
Page 50, after line one thousand one hundred and ninety-
ty-six, insert:
For continuing the Annals of Congress from the Eigh-
teenth to the end of the Twenty-Fifth Congress, on the
same terms, conditions, and directions as to number re-
ception, mode of payment and distribution, as are provided
by die acts of Congress of September SO, 1850, and June 1*3,
1852 ■ and each IT If m hpr r\f ( Inmri-njci K — ........ . i- .
and each number of Congress who lias b^eti author-
ized by resolution of either House to receive the pree< dine
volumes ot the Annals, shall be entitled to a copy of the
continuation.
I am directed to offer that amendment by the
Committee on the Library.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman sus-
pend until order is restored in the Hall ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I wi4i; and I will defer my
remarks for the present, as I see I shall be likely
to disturb the conversation of gentlemen over the
way. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think, Mr. Chair-
man, if I unrietstand the amendment, jt is rather
an extraordinary proposition. If I recollect aright,
