THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. OV
33d Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1855.
New SJERIM....N6; 57*.
To supply deficiencies in the appropriation fox the sup-!
port of the Mint in Philadelphia, $37,000 $ and to supply
deficiencies in the appropriation tor the support of the
branch Mint m California, §66,000.
This is an amendment which is recommended
by the Secretary of the Treasury, I
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to know from what I
quarter these estimates came. There are deficiency
estimates put into the bill, in relation to the Mint
at Philadelphia.
Mr. ROBBiNS. With the consent of my col-
league [Mr. Chandler] I wish to state that the
Secretary of the Treasury asked for this appropri-
ation after the civil and diplomatic bill was pre-
sented to the House, and I ask that the following
communications be read by the Clerk.
The following papers were then read by the
Clerk:
Treasury Department, January 16, 1855.
Sir : I have the honor to transmit a copy of a letter
received by this Department from the Director of the Mint
at Philadelphia, inclosing a copy of a letter received by i
lnm from the superintendent of the branch Mint at San !
Francisco, asking for an appiopi mtion ol $60,000 to supply |
a deficiency of means* for tiie (support of ihe branch Mmt
during the current fiscal year; and also asking for a special
appropriation lor the Mint at Philadelphia, lor an estimated
deficiency of means foi the current fiscal year. A copy of
the statements on which such estimate i® founded is aUo
inclosed.
1 remain, very respectfully,
JAMBd GUTHKIE, Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Linn Boyd j Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mint of the IJnitep States, >
Philadelphia, January 13, J£05. $
Sir : Herewith I inclose a copy of a letter received fiorn
the superintendent of the branch Mint at San Francisco,
asking lbr an appropriation of $66 0150, to supply a dcfi
cicncy of means for their support dining the cm rent fi>cal
year. The grounds of the request are sufficient!} sot tot ill
in the superintendent's letter, and I believe the appropria-
tion indispensably necessary.
I also find it absolutely essential to ask for a special ap-
piopnation for this Mint, to supply an estimated deficiency
in our means for the current fiscal year. The grounds of
the estimate are presented in the statement which I inclose.
In explanation ot the particular causes which have ongin-
ated this deficiency, it may be sufficient to dale Hint, in
couscquence of the laic fall m the rate of exchange, all the
bullion now rccewed from California is sent 'o the Mint tor
refining and coinage, none of it being exported in the sh>ipe
of bars. When I estimated for the appropiiations requisite
to our support in the current fiscal year, I anticipated nm
only that the New Yoik as-<ay office would have com-
menced operations m FVbi nary la« f, but aNo that the la ger
part of the bullion received fiom California would ho re-
fined and cast into bars there toi exportation. Neither of
these anticipations have been reaped. Not only was the
opening of the office delayed till aitei October last, but (in
consequence of the turn or'exchange m our favor) the lack
of demand for bais at that ofiice throws the greater part oi
the bullion upon tin1" Mint, Under si\eh circumstances I
have found it impossible to reduce our expenses within fiie
limit assigned by the appropriations which would otherwise
liave sufficed, and have to r'qu<*st .$'40 000 in addition to
supply d"fieicncies; hut, inasmuch a< SJ8.000 ol this sum
is already reported, as 1 find from the printed bill of the
Committee of Ways arid Means, the sum I now ask to be
added thereto iy $37,000.
I might, perhaps, with a prudent regard to the prormbilt-
tiesof the future, a--k also an increase. to our appropriation
for the fiaC.il year 1855-'56 , but as it i-< possible that the
present course of commercial atTurs is ternporaty, and it is
my wish to conduct this establishment with the least pos-
sible expenditure,   abstain from such aiequo-n at piescnf.
In my letter of the 26th October la-t, above refwiol to, I
In the appropriation for salaries at this Mint, no mention
is made of the assistant inciter and reiiu' r" among the
officers, although the sum appropriated actually covers the
salary required for htm. At the New York assay office
the aggregate appropriation for salaries is §14,<UK>, while
&24,4t>0 was asked lbr, and is necessary. The difference is,
I suppose, due to an enorof copying. For the San Fran-
cisco Mint the appropriations lor salaries is but $28,(,00.
The amount asked for was $33,000. By the inclosed letter
of the superintendent, it would seem that §3l,0ouwil!
have been expended during the current fiscal year for sala-
ries, and the necessity tor an additional clerk, which he
adverts to, will demand the $33,000 asked for.
I have the honor to be, with great respect, vour faithful
servant, JAMES ROSS SNOW DEN,
Hon. James Guthrie, Director.
Secretary of the Treasury, PFashington.
United States Branch Mint, )
San Francisco, Dei ember 15, 1854. s
Sir: Your favor of the 18th November has been duly
received and contents noted.
You will herewith receive a statement drawn in accord-
ance with your suggestion; I hope it will furnish you with
the denned information iciative to the probable deficiency
in the appropriations of ihe current liiscal year, available
for the expense* of thei institution.
Our deductions from old deposits, as well as our ordi-
naiy and contingent expenses, aie so very variable, that it
is impo-wble to sot them down with anything like, accuracy.
1 can. therefore, make only an approximate estimate of
these, ih ins. And the probability is I fear, that the former,
in consequence of a gieat falling off m deposits for coin-
age, arising from a want of acids, will, for a time at least,
be much less than we had a light to exocct when our first
estimates were made up *, wln'le the latter, m view of our
eommeneieg the coinage of Miner, will be considerably in
creased. I have accordingly made what I deem a proper
allowance for these eontnuieneies.
My estimate covers also the salary of an additional clerk,
which the ttea-urer t.mnd it neee^ary to employ at the
commencement of the eunent fiscal jear, as well as that
of one which 1 find that I shall be compelled to employ from
the 1st ptoximo.
Hoping that the accompanying statement, in connection
with that which I have aht-ady loiv/arded, may furnish all
the information wliuh the Department requues, 1 icnuun,
very ruspectfulh', youi ohrdmnt servant,
LEWIS AIKEN IHRDSALE, Superintendent.
Suonlips fiom anpropuahons and Mint profits,
lK">3-'4, about  $13,000
Appiopriations of fiscal \ car 1B54-'5     110,000
Probable amount of deduction1-, ]Pf>4-\">  71,000
Total probable means.
Amount of salaries to be paid  
Wages of woikmen 
Incidental and contingent expenses.
£200,000
  yu.ooo
.... 115,000
.... 13'),000
Total estimate of expenses $266,01)0
200,000
Total estimated deficiency of the fiscal year. .,$'066,CO.)
I
adverted to"some of the ditlicultics of estimating lor the
Mints and the assay office, and referred partiea! uiy totne
impracticability of amieipauiii^, witli any certainty, li'iw
the total mass of bullion and coinage operations woa.d
divide itself, from year to year, among the several establish-
ment-, and consequently ol determining in advance the
probable expenses of each establishment. The aggregate
expenses oi all the establishments can, however, bo esti-
mated with tolerable approximation ; any increase at one
being measurably thccau^e, or due to, a dccieast of another.
In view of such, considerations, I sugsested that it would
be a wise me isure of legislation, iftheappropi iatioris f.;r the
Mint<, &c., had aspeci.il c ause added to them authorizing
you, when you deemed it expedient, to transfei the benefit
of an appropriation from one establishment to another.
Pei'i)it me agaiu to recommend this measure. The precise
form of legislation [ suggested was the following, which
would, 1 suppose, meet the object in view * "These several
appropnatmijs for the Mints and the assay office may, at the
option of the Secretaiy of the Treasury, be regarded as
general appiopriations foi 'heir support, and may be tran^
lerred. by Ins authority, from one institution to another, as
the demands of tne public service may inquire."
I take this occasion to refer ro some discrepancies be-
tween the appropriations reported lately hnm the Com-
mittee of Wavsand Means and tho-easked for, and indulge
the hope that the bi U will be correctcd before its passage,
57
Grounds of an estimated apjirv print ion r< qtared fo supply a
deficiency r.f men? for ib.o support of the Mint of Vie
United Stales during the fiscal year ending JimeliO, 1855.
The present balance in the ordinary fund of the
Mm', Januaiy, 12, 1^j5, i-'     $30,176
The appropriations undrawn and available, amount
to  3«,525
The estimated deductions for the r  mamder ol the
year, ..vailabh: tin evpenses, after -nbir.u-fin^ ihe
amount nec^sAty to defiay ihe chief comet"s
and nicjicr and '■efner^ wa-f.ige tor 11-51, and a
balance to debit ot pio'nt ami loss, may be set
down at    11,000
Total estimated moans    $^5.701
The estimated amount payable for wages is  $4 2,000
That for salaries  13,950
That for incidental expenses  6U,7^1
.$135,701
Difference between estimated means and expen-
ses, or probable deficiency  ^40,000
Of this deficicncv, $3,000 will be due for salaries,
increased under the la^t geneial appiopriauon
bill. For rhi-i amount th^ (Committee of Wsrya
and Means have already icporud an apptopria-
tion, so that th<- amount to be further appropna-
led will be less than $<i0,0J0 by that <;um, or hay $-37,000
Appropsiaiions required to meet a deficiency at the
Mint of th«> l/mted States, during the fiscal year
ending June 3D> 3^55:
For a do'icienev m th- appmpiiation for wages.. .$12,000
> For a dt n'*n nev in the appionriation for incidental
and contingent cxpenseb and wastage.....  25,000
|j Total appropriation required  §37/>00
Mr..HAVEN. Is debate exhausted npon this
amendment ? ' - - - . ' -
The CHAIRMAN. -Th>:Chair is not aware
that opposition has been made tothisamenefment.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to m,y «. word or two
upon this matter, for the-purpose of showing that
this subject has not escaped the attention of th«
Committee of Ways and Means. It was before-
that committee, was acted upon by them, ahd-the
appropriation now asked for-was rejected by them*
whether for a sufficient reason, it is for this com-
mittee to determine. One of the great reasons
that actuated me in the action I took upon this
subject was, that there are not any approximate
means for ascertaining for what purpose, and for
what end this additional appropriation is wanted.
The main object of the appropriation seems to be
to enable the Mint department to take the appro-
priations that are made for tbe assay office in New
York, and for the branch Mints in different parts
of the country, to transfer them from one institu-
tion to another, and by that means control the
entire appropriation. Let me read what the gen-
tleman who signs the communication, Mr. James
Ross Snowden* says upon this subject;
" Permit me again to recommend this measure. The pre-
cise form ot legislation 1 suggested was the following, which
would, I suppose, meet the object in view. 'The&e seve-
ral appropriations for the M nts a d the assay office may, at
the option of the Secretary of tbe Treasury, be regmded aa
general appropriations for their support, and may be trans-
ferred, by Ins authority, from one institution to another, as
the demands of the public service may require.' "
The amendment offered is only a part of the
system to carry out what is here suggested, so that
the assaying in New York, the coining in Loui-
siana, or in any other branch Mint of the country
may be crippled', and so that the avails of this ap-
propriation may be used for similar purposes in
the parent Mint at Philadelphia.
[Cries of" No!'"* No!"]*
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Chairman,gentlemen say
all around " No, no." I do not propose to take
any issue upon the subject. I read to them from
the documents, and I was only saying to them
that I desired to put the committee sn possession
of the fact that the Committee of Ways and Means
had acted upon the subject, and had for their,own
reasons, at least, concluded not to recommend the
appropiiation asked for in the official communica-
tion. It is entirely inchflerent to me whether the
amendment be adopted or not. I am entirely
willing it should be; but I do not want to-see the
Committee of Ways and Means whistled down
here, as having given this subject no attention.
M . LATHAM. J move to amend, by adding
one dollar to the amount. I oder the amendment
merely to afford me an opportunity to say, that
however strong the position taken by the gentle-
man from New York may be, his arguments will
not apply to this appropriation, so far as the
branch Mint at San Francisco is concerned. The
letter of the superintendent of the branch Mint
at San Francisco shows that the £G6,000 lor the
present fiscal year, is necessarry to carxy on the
legitimate purposes of that Mint, to carry out the
purposes prescribed by law, and not, as the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Havsn] says, for
diminishing the business of the assay office in New
York, or of the Mints in any other portion of the
country. It simply gives the means of employing
the requisite number of laborers and workmen#to
carry on the different departments of the Mint,
which they cannot do unless the $66,000 be ap-
propriated for the purpose. -
I think the letter of the superintendent discloses
the fact that certain laborers are wanted, and are
necessary for the operations of the Mint. The
additional expenses have been incurred for which
they now ask Congress for the §G6,000.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 will reply, as fairly as I know
how, to the gentleman from California. ? slated
that the objects ot* this appropriation lay behind
this communication. Now, in reference to the
Mint in California: The committee will remember
that i stated that this communication did not afford
an approximate means, even, of guessing what it
is wanted for. X will read from the communication
