1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
901
head, Gwin, Mallory, Pratt, Rusk, Stuart and Walker
—II.
NAYS—Messrs. Brainerd, Bright,Brown,Butler,Chase,
Clay, Cooper, Dodjje of Wisconsin, Evans., Fessenden,
Fitzpatrick, Geyer, Gillette, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee,
Pearce, Seward, Shields, Suimier, Thompson of Ken-
tucky. Thomson of New Jersey, Toucey, Wade, Wells,
Wilson, and Wright—
So the motion to lay on the table was not agreed
to.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on ;
the amendment offered by the Senator from Mich-
igan, to strikeout the words "attwelve o'clock."
Mr. BROWN. That, of course, simply de-
stroys the effect of the resolution.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
the passage of the resolution.
Mr. BADGER. I hope my friend who offers
this resolution will at least permit it to lie over for
a day. My impression is, that this is a com-
mencement'—that it is the first proposition of the
kind that has ever been made. I do not know
that we have ever adopted any such proceeding
as this before. The resolution, if I understand it,
is a resolution proposing that the session shall be
brought to a close at twelve o'clock on Saturday
night the 3d of March. I believe that has never j
been done before. I do not understand the pur-
pose it is to serve, or the end it is to answer, or
the good that it is to do.
Mr. EVANS. To vindicate the Bible.
Mr. BADGER. To vindicate the Bible!
should be sorry if the Bible needed that vindica-
tion.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator submit
a motion ?
Mr. BADGER. I do not.
Mr. BROWN. I cannot consent to let the
resolution he over.
Mr. BADGER called for the yeas and nays on
the adoption of the resolution; and they were
ordered.
Mr. RUSK. The time of the adjournment of
Congress is fixed by law. It is well known to
every one ^hat it cannot be altered. It is known
to every one, too, that the appropriation bills are
much behind. If we get through with them, and
are as religiously inclined on Saturday night as
we are now, we shall doubtless adjourn at twelve
o'clock. If we do not, and an appropriation biil
should beundisposed of before twelve o'clock, this
resolution will be rescinded if it should be now
adopted. That will be the effect of it, so that, in
my judgment, by considering this resolution, we
arc meiely wasting time, for nothing will be ac-
complished
Mr. GWIN. I recollect, within my term of
service here, an occasion on which every one of
the appropriation bills was passed after twelve
o'clock on the night of the 3d of March. A con-
test sprung up on the river and harbor bill, which
it is well known lasted for two days. We were
in session for more than twenty hours on a par-
ticular occasion, and at four o'clock in the morn-
ing the friends of that measure—the Senator from
Tennessee [Mr. Bell] taking the lead;—gave up
the river and harbor bill. We then took up the
appropriation bills and passed them between that
time and twelve o'clock at noon. Now, Mr.
President, it is perfectly evident that if this reso-
lution should pass, and we should be found in that
condition, we should of course rescind it. I look
on it as an entirely useless expenditure of time to
consider it. I do not think it will have any good
effect, and it is a new precedent to which lam
opposed.
Mr. TOUCEY. I rise only to say, that I
believe the members of this body are competent
to pass on thus question without much discussion.
It has been so often discussed that I beg leave to
ask that it may be acted upon without any further
debate.
Mr. BADGER. I will say to my honorable
friend from Connecticut, that I have no doubt this
body is competent to pass upon all questions with-
out discussion; and perhaps if it had been the
original institution of things, in the Senate, that
we should vote upon all questions without discus-
sion, the country would have sustained no serious
inconvenience; and, beyond all dispute, the coun-
try would have saved some money. But still we
have acquired a habit in the Senate of discussing
things. It has got now to be that even when a
subject has been discussed until it is thread-bare;
aye, sir, and more than that, when the threads are
not only exposed, but are worn through, and man-
ifest opportunities of seeing, through and through
thecloth, the woof, we still think that, upon the frag-
ments which are left, it is well to hang discussion,
and upon what is left still, to apply the triturating
effect which is produced by the speeches which we
make here. Now, sir, my friend says he thinks the
Senate is able to decide tms subject without much
discussion. Why, Mr. President, we decide every
question by our votes. The discussion decides
nothing; the discussion is a consumptive process;
it consumes time; it wears out lungs; it sometimes
affects the ears; it sometimes empties the Senate
Chamber, but it decides nothing; the vote is the
thing by which our decision is made.
Well, Mr. President, I do not think it is worth
while for us to be in such an exceeding hurry to
pass a measure admitted to be/>nmcr impressionis.
I think that, at a short session of Congress, we
have never fixed the period of the adjournment,
short of the expiration of the session by a consti-
tutional law. When it is now, for the first time,
proposed to do this, it seems to me a little un-
reasonable that we should not have an oppor-
tunity of applying the old process of discussion,
of combing the cloth of the subject, of wearing olF,
at least, the nap which shows itself on the ex-
terior , and of letting us have it exhibited with the
naked threads before we make a final disposition
of it.
Now, Mr. President, I have to say, that 1 wish
to submit a few remarks on this question. The
inquiry .before the Senate presents itself under two
or three he,-ids, each of which, in myjudgment, is
worthy a little attentive consideration by the Sen-
ate, and of some little remai k. I will not say that
it needs argument, but I think it is worthy of a little
talk, and that is what I propose to give it.
In the first place, the measure may be consid-
ered as intended to save a certain amount of time,
to wif: the time that may elapse from twelve
o'clock on Saturday night until noon of the cnc-
ceeding day, which, although I am not skilled in
arithmetic, 1 think amounts tojusttwelvp hours,
and those twelve hours amount to one-half of an
astronomical day consisting of twenty-four hours.
[Laughter.] The first benefit we propose to gain
by this experiment, m the process of conducting
the business of the session, is to save twelve hours
of time. Well, sir, let us inquire to whom it is
to be saved ? Will it be saved to the country^
Why, certainly not; for the people of the United
States will not be here from twtlve o'clock on
Saturday night, until twelve o'clock on Sunday.
They will beat home, more profitably, and, I hope,
more agreeably occupied than in attending a night
session, and disposing of appropriation bills. It
is manifest, therefore, this will save no time to the
country. Then, sir, will it save any time to us?
If we break off here at twelve o'clock on Saturday
night, and leave the public business unfinished,
what shall we do with the hours that will elapse
between twelve o'clock at night and the noon of
the next day? Can we devote them to repose?
No, sir; because we shall be followed to our beds
and haunted with the thought that, in consequence
of a new experiment made by ua, without reason,
and contrary to all the previous practice of the
; Government, we have failed to discharge our duty
I to the country, and that some interests are suifer-
: ing, or some wrongs are unredressed, which would
| have escaped such a consequence but for this new
: experiment of ours. Then, sir, we shall by that
process save no time to the country, and we shall
save no time to ourselves. On the contrary, we
: shall plant the pillow on which we lay our heads
' with the thorn of self-reproach.
; A second object which it may be thought this
; measure is calculated to attain is the saving of
; expense. If it would save any of the people's
; money, I should be eager and anxious to adopt
! the resolution. [Laughter.] I hold, Mr. President,
as you know, that money is not intended to be
i spent,but to be hoarded, [laughter;] that it is not
1 meant to be put forth in appropriations,and spread
i through the whole country, revivifying, aiding,
1 assisting,and stimulating all the sources of indus-
! try and enterprise; but that it ought to be locked
! in a sub-treasury; and, therefore, if the effect of
' the proceeding, now contemplated for the fir-st time
; in our legislative experience, would be to save any
j money I should be heartily in favor of its adop-
! lion. But will it save any money r According to
the theory of the Constitution the, session neces-
sarily expires with the expiration of th«? 3d of
March. According to legislative interpretation the
3d of March does not expire until twelve o'clock
on the 4ihi and, therefore, if we sit until Sunday
at twelve o'clock we shall not be paid any more
than if we adjourn at twelve o'clock on Saturday
night. For this reason there will be nothing saved
to the country, because, if we do not adopt this res-
olution, nothing will be paid which will be saved
from the criminal process of being spent in con-
scqucnce of its adoption.
Well then, Mr. President, what other reason
can be assigned for the adoption of this resolu-
tion ? A third reason, which I can imagine is, that
this is an age of progress; that it is foul scorn
for us to go on m our legislative business as the
old fogies of the last generation have been in the
habit of doing. They were contentto let theshort
session of Congress expire; they were willing to
let it go out without resorting to any process in
virtue of which they might hasten its expiration;
but we now adopt a different plan in conformity
with the progressive spirit of the age. Sir, I
heard a very distinguished gentleman once remark
—I think it was the late Judge Martin, of Louisi-
ana—that if a sick man sent for an English doctor,
he killed him; if he sent for a French doctor, he
let him die. We have* heretofore been in the
habit of treating the short session upon the French
plan of practice; we have allowed it to die. Now,
in the age of progress and the speculative spirit
of improvement, we resolve to adopt to the Eng-
lish process of treating a patient, and to kill him
twelve hours before he would expire if we let him
alone. [Laughter.] Sir, I am an old fogy my-
self. I desire to stand aupcr auliquas vias both
in the great policy of the country and in the ordi-
nary system of carrying on the legislative busi-
ness of the country. I do not object to young
gentlemen, men who do not belong to the class of
fogyism in which I have unfortunately been en-
rolled by time and age, and in which, I may say, I
willingly enroll myself from voluntary choice—I
do not object to them. I think it is proper that
they should go forward and endeavor to keep pace
with the spirit of the age, with this Sge of steam
and electricity, when' nothing can be done in the
old-fashioned style of proceeding by which our
! forefathers advanced to the accomplishment of
1 their ends. Then, upon this third head of making
an improvement to correspond to the spirit of the
age, it cannot be expected that I shall vote for the
resolution.
Now, Mr. President, is there any other reason
which can be urged in support of this resolution"?
One other I can conceive, and that is, that by this
process, we may possibly bring upon the country
the necessity of an extra session of Congress. {
confess, for one, as I read the signs of the times,
and according to the decided complexion which
the other branch of Congress is to bear after the
ensuing 4th day of March, I have not the least
disposition to bring them into a potential capa-
city for mischief one minute sooner than it can be
avoided, [laughter,] and, therefore, so far from
it being a recommendation to me, that by possi-
bility the adoption of this resolution may precip-
itate upon us an extra session, is a decided objec-
tion with me. I do not wish to seean extra session.
I do not want to have these gentlemen collected to-
gether at the seat of Government in their political
capacity as a Congress, one hour sooner than the
first Monday of the next ensuing December. Per-
haps, if i could 1 would postpone their meeting a
little beyond that time.
If I did not occupy the unfortunate situation
that I do, I might have some reason, perhaps, to
go for this resolution, upon the particular ground
I am now mentioning, because nothing would
please me more than to meet again in this Hall,
upon the same footing on which we now stand,
the memy valued friends that I hove here, to par-
ticipamwifh them again in the transaction of the
public business of the country, to aid them, as I
have in my humble way endeavored, in times
past, to consume time, to annihilate subjects in
this useless process of discussion which my friend
from Connecticut thinks ought not to be resorted
to now; but unfortunately, Mr. President, unfor-
tunately for the Senate, unfortunately for my
friends, unfortunately for myself, that reunion is
never again to take place; and, therefore, there is
not even an auxiliary advantage, not a tempta-
