1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
903
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It was debated nearly twelve hours,and passed
at midnight.
[See the Appendix for the debate and other pro-
ceedings on the bill.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 23, 1855.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milborn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. INGERSOLL obtained the floor.
CORRECTION TEXAS BILL.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to what I
consider a question of privilege. I do not see the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge]
in his seat, and, therefore, I desire to call the
attention of the House to the fact that the enroll-
ing committee, on examining the Texas bill yes-
terday, found that a mistake had been made by
the committee of conference in relation to the
amendment proposed by them.
The amendment of the House was to strike out
§8,500,000, and to insert $6,550,000. The com-
mittee of conference, However, proposed to insert
$7,550,000. But in stating their report, by a cler-
ical error, the sum fixed upon by the House was
stated as $6,650,000. The mistake does not alter
the effect of the bill at all, because the amount
which the committee of conference proposed to
put in is stated correctly in the bill. The error is
jn stating the amount which the House put in, m
making out the report. I ask that the Journal and
the report of the committee of conference may be
corrected.
The SPEAKER. The correction will be made
if no one objects.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If it makes no difference
in the effect of the bill; I think the explanation of
the gentleman from Tennessee will remove any
difficulty. I do not see any necessity for cor-
rection.
Mr. JONES. And it can do no possible harm
to have the Journal and report corrected.
Mr. CLINGMAN-. I will withdraw my ob-
jection.
The correction was then ordered to be made.
FREE NAVIGATION OF THE AMAZON.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a report from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs. It involves no
appropriation. The committee merely ask that
their report may be laid upon the table and
printed, and the committee discharged from the
further consideration of the subject.
Mr. LETCHER. Does it require any action
on the part of the House? What is it?
Mr. INGERSOLL. It is a report upon the
memorial of the Memphis convention and of
Lieutenant Maury, upon the subject of the free
navigation of the Amazon river. The committee
recommend no action whatever, but simply that
their report may be laid on the table and ordered
to be printed, and that they be discharged from
the fuither consideration of the subject.
There being no objection, the report was re-
ceived, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Am I entitled
to the floor ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled to
the floor. Does he wish to withdraw his motion
to suspend the rules as he indicated yesterday
when the House adjourned.'
Mr. JONES. INo, sir.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. It would be a great relief to
■ gentlemen upon the floor, and certainly a much
greater relief to the Chair, if half an hour could
be appropriated this morning to receiving reports
to be referred only, with the understanding that
no motion to reconsider shall be made. The Chair
makes the suggestion for his own relief, and hopes
the House will adopt it.
There being no objection, the proposition was
assented to.
MINNESOTA RAILROAD.
Mr. CUTTING. I rise to what I conceive to be
a matter of privilege, and I hope the House will so
consider it. It will be recollected that some time
since the Committee on the Judiciary reported in
favor of disapproving certain acts of the Territorial
GovernmentofMinnesota. Amongstother reasons
upon which the House based its action upon that
report, was the statement that Governor Gorman
and the Secretary of the Territory were included
in the grantees under the bill which was disap-
proved. I have this morning received a letter
from Governor Gorman, in which he begs that I
will bring the subject to the attention of the House
as a matter of justice to him. The letter is written
in a manly, straight-forward, and simple manner,
which, I think, is well calculated to relieve him
from any of the odium connected with .that legis-
lation. ' And, as an act of justice to Governor
Gorman, I ask that the letter may be read, omit-
ting certain passages.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I see no
occasion for the reading of the letter, everybody
knows that Govenor Gorman was in favor of the
other route.
Mr. HAMILTON. Does the gentleman from
New York propose any action upon the part of
the House ?
Mr. CUTTING. No action at all. I simply-
desire that the letter may be read.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Everybody knows
what the opinion of Governor Gorman was. I
object.
Mr. CUTTING. I am upon the floor then,
and will read it myself.
Mr. WENTWORTH. If it contains any im-
putations on the men interested in the other road,
I object to its being read.
Mr. CUTTING. It does not.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
reading of the letter?
Mr. WENTWORTH. If it contains any
personal imputation upon Governor Ramsay, I
object. f
Mr. CUTTING. Not one word. I shall omit
one passage.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Iobject,if anypart of
the letter is to be suppressed.
Mr. CUTTING. Well, I give notice that I
shall publish it as a part of my speech.
The following is the letter referred to by Mr.
Cutting:
Executive Department, Minnesota )
Territory, St. Faol, February 12, 1853. >
Sir : My attention has been called to a brief epeech made
by you on the report of the Committee on the Judiciary, to
whom wat retired a resolution of the House relative to
the disapproval by Congress of certain acts passed by the
Legislative Assembly and the Governor of the Territory of
Minnesota, in which you take occasion to say: "Again,
Mr.Speaker,thereisanothejground,>5&c. *** "When
the Committee of the Judiciary came to look at the names
of the persons mentioned in the territorial act proposed to
be repealed, who were to receive, &c., the committee found
that one of the immediate grantees of the Government was
the Governor of that Territory who signed the bill," &c.
Agam : " When, therefore, wc find a territorial act passed
for the benefit of Governors, &c., concerned officially in the
passage of this act," &.c.
The error into winch you and your committee seem to
have fallen, is a natural one I confess ; but. sir, my name
and that of Secretary Rossers were put mro that charter as
incorporators, without our knowledge or consent. On the
contrary, Secretary Rossers and myself, and our friends,
opposed the charier of the Minnesota and North-Western
Railroad Company from the day it was introduced, until it
passed into a law, and have opposed it ever since. It was
myself and Mr. Sibley that drew up the bill (while in Wash-
ington) that passed Congress, expressly excluding from any
participation in the benefits of said grant, the Minnesota and
North-Western Railroad Company, and all other companies.
It is known that I approved the charter as Governor, under
a written protest. By reference tv my last message, you
will see that I recommend, especially, to our present Legis-
lature, to memorialize Congress to disafyprove the charter
to said company.
The political parties in Minnesota are divided upon this
railroad question. The Democratic or" Gorman's p-irty,"
as it is at trmes called, heading the opposition to said rail-
road company and its charier. And but day before yester-
day, sir, I vetoed a bill of the present Legislature, reenactmg
and amending the said charter, which you have just disap-
proved.
I inclose you a copy of that veto message.
So far, then, from my desiring acts of the Legislature for
my benefit, my course has beeh the precise reverse m re-
gard to these railroads; and all the enemies I have in Min-
nesota are the champions of that railroad fraud !
As to the " Transit Railroad Company," u has no exist-
ence except upon paper, and does not amount to anything,
lor good or evil, whether appioved or disapproved. I wiii
transmit you by mail a copy of my annual message.
{then approve the action of your committee. I approve
the action of Congress; but I deeply regret that myself and
secretary have been so misunderstood by youraeifand your
eommittee.
I have had the honor to serve in Congress with General
Bail*, Mr. Lktcber, Mx« Fuu«e&> Mr. Dona**, Mr,
Stanton, and Speaker Boyd, and numerous other mem-
bers of your present body, and I am only amazed lUat some
of those gentlemen have not taken occasioa to inform you
of my position.
I have the honor to be, with high regard, your very obe-
dient servant, W. A. GORMAN,
Hon. Francis B. Cutting, House of Representatives,
Washington•
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to carry out
the general agreement of the House by calling
the committees for reports.
WILLIAM CARR LANE.
Mr. DICKINSON. 1 am instructed by the
Committee of Elections to offer the following res-
olution: ✓ • ;
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives pay to William Carr Lane tire usual mileage and per
diem from the commencement of the last session until
the day upon which the contest between himseJf and tbe
Hon. Jose Manuel Gallegos for a seat in this House, aa
Delegate from the Territory of New Mexico, was finally
decided.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That will have to
go to a Committee of the Whole House, under the
general understanding.
The SPEAKER. Under the general under-
standing it will have to be so referred.
Mr. DICKINSON. I would like to inquire .
how broad tbe order was?
The SPEAKER. The orderwas verypositive
—one made by the unanimous consent of the
House—that half an hour should be devoted to
the reception of reports for reference only, that
should give rise to no debate, with the understand-
ing that no bill should be put upon its passage, or
its reference reconsidered.
Mr. DICKINSON. Well, I had misunderstood
the order, and will withdraw the report.
Mr. WiTTE. I desire to inquire whether
during the half hour any other motion would be
in order?
The SPEAKER. None other.
Mr. DICKINSON. I desire to inquire whether
there is to be any time when a member can offer
a resolution or make a motion?
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the Chair
to point out a time when it will be in order, under
the rules, to offer a resolution.
Mr. DICKINSON. I have been trying to offer
it for a number of days, but never could get the
floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report a bill. I
desire to put it upon its passage. It will not take
five minutes.
[Cries of 4< Object!"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds it t© be out
of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well, then I will let it
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. If gentlemen would hear the title read,
I am sure no one would object to the passage of
the bill.
Mr. HAVEN. The bill is a very important
one. I hope the gentleman will not report it now.
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well, I will not report
it.
Mr. READY, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back Senate bill No. 590 for the relief of
Franklin Chase, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying report,
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GIDDINGS, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back Senate bill (No. 484) for
the relief of Gad Humphreys, with an adverse
recommendation, accompanied by a detailed re-
port:
Or^erd, That the report be printed, and, together with
the bill, be referred to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. FENTON, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to require the employment
of apprentices in the commercial marine of the
United States*, which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr, FENTON. I am requested to ask the
consent of the House to have twice the usual
number of copies of that bill and report printed
for circulation.
The SPEAKER. The motion-is not in order
under the general understanding.
