904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee on Commerce, reported a bill for
the relief of Henry Little and Jacob Feich; which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed,
Mr. HARLAN", of Ohio, from the Committee
on Commerce, reported a bill further to amend
an act entitled " An act to provide for the better
security of the lives of passengers on board ves-
sels propelled in whole or in part by steam, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. H., from the same committee, reported
back Senate resolution -(No. 3) for the relief of
the owners of the brig Kate Boyd, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The resolution was referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HIESTER,from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back Senate bill for the relief of
Mrs. Feicn, widow of the Rev. Cheever Feich,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HI ESTER also, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the petition of Sarah
Viney,'sister and administratrix of John Yiney;
and the report was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
Mr, DISNEY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back Senate bill (No. 272) for
the relief of Mark Bean and Richard H. Bean of
Arkansas, with an amendment, and moved that
said bill be referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 am instructed by the same
committee to report back Senate bill (No. 297) to
continue in force for a limited period the act to
ascertain and settle private land claims m the
State of California. An act for that purpose has
already passed, and I therefore move to lay the
bill upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENNETT, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill granting public -lands
for railroad purposes, in the manner and on the
conditions therein mentioned, which was read
a first and second time by its title, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS, of Michigan, from the same
committee, reported a bill to authorize the full
satisfaction of certain claims to revolutionary
bounty lands, allowed by the State of Virginia;
which was rtad a first and second time by its title,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. IIENN, from the same committee, reported
back, with a recommendation that it do not pass,
Senate bill (No. 45) for the relief of the pur-
chasers and locators of swamp and overflowed
lands. This is a matter which has been disposed
of by the passage of another bill.
It was laid on the table.
On motion by Mr. HENN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged from the further consideration, of the following
memorials and petitions asking for grants of Jand for railroad
purposes:
Petition of citizens of Iowa,residing along the lineof the
Iowa Central air line railroad ;
Memorial asking crarii of lands fta Port Madison, Ko-
saqua, and Bloomfn'Jd railroad, Iowa;
Petition of J. (Jnihcrison arid «ix*y-one others, citizens.
ofCedar county, Iowa, a-kui" a giant of land to the L>ons
Central Railroad Company, to aid in ihe construction of a
railroad from Ljons to Council BhiffV;
Petition of two hundred -ind twenty ?ix citizens of Mon-
roe county, Iowa, a kinjr for a gr.mt of land, to aid in the
construction of a railroad from Burlington to the Missouri
river;
Petition of five hundred and sixty-six citizens of the city
of Keokuk, Iowa, asking that the Iowa land bill, as it
passed the Senate, may be adopted by the Hous-e of Repre-
sentative?, m the present session of Congress; and
Petitions for grants of land to aid in the construction of
Fort Wayne and Platte Valley air line railroad.
Mr. HENN. Is it a part of the order of the
House thismorning to introduce bills ?
The SPEAKER. Yes; for reference only.
Mr} HENN. Well, I wish to introduce a bill
to provide for telegraphic and express mail com-
munication between the Mississippi river and the
Pacific ocean, with a view of having it referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
I would state that this bill contains the plan of
Henry O'Reilley, the principal telegraphic con-
structor in the United States, who has already con-
structed over four thousand miles of telegraphic
line; and there are now in successful operation
several lines constructed under his direction from
the Atlantic to the Mississippi river, embracing the-
first section of a line from the Atlantic to the Pa-
cific, projected by him many years since. This
bill proposes a plan by which the second section
from the Mississippi to the Pacific may be con-
structed. I would add, that a large number of
States and Territories have, through their Gov-
ernors and Legislatures, indorsed this plan for a
telegraph and express mail; and my own State
Legislature has memorialized Congress in its favor,
which memorial I had the honor to present to the
House on Wednesday last.
I ask that the bill may be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and be printed.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, as follows; referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed:
A bill to provide for telegraphic and express
mail communication between the Mississippi river
and the Pacific ocean.
Mr. DUNBAR, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, Senate bill (No. 436) for the im-'
provement of the navigation of the Patapsco river
and to render the port of Baltimore accessible to
the war steamers of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DUNBAR, from the same committee,
reported a bill to complete the improvement of
the harbor of Chicago, m the State of Illinois;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
committed to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COBB. I have about half a bushel of re-
ports to make from the Committee on Public
Lands, but they are not sorted at present. If the
House will allow me to report them hereafter I
will get them ready.
[Cries of"No!" "Reportthem now!"]
Mr. COBB. I cannot report them now. Some
other day I will.
Mr. WARREN. Are reports in order from
the Committee on Public Lands generally, or is it
under agreement only that the House started with
receiving reports?
The SPEAKER. It is under agreement.
Mr. WARREN. Then I cannot report a bill
without having- it referred.
The SPEAKER. No; that is the order.
Mr. WARREN. I have a bill which I wish
to report, but not to have referred.
Mr. JONES, of New York, from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported a
bill for the relief of Daniel Searl & Co., for extra
services rendered the Post Office Department of
the United States; which was read a first and
second time by its title, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES also, from the same committee,
reported back, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that it do pass, Senate res Jction
for the settlement of the claim of the late firm of
C. M. Strader & Co., mail contractors; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES also, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
not pas?, Senate bill for the relief of Robert Jemi-
son and the legal representative of Benjamin Wil-
liamson; which was ordered to lie on tne table.
Mr. McDOUGrALL, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Uuah P. Monroe;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to the Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. i was not in the
House, M r. Speaker, when the order for receiving
reports was made by the House, i wish to inquire
if it is in order to introduce a bill for the purpose
of havinglt put upon its passage* ' , " • 1
The SPEAKER. That is not in order; ---
On motion by Mr. DAVfS, of Indiana, frptt|-
the Committee on the Districtof Columbia, it was"
Ordered, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be discharged from the further consideration of the fol-
lowing bill and petitions j . _
Bill to provide for the purchase of so much of the Colom-
bia turnpike as is within the limits of the Districts? Co-
lumbia.
Petition of Joseph H. Bradley, and others, of the District
of Columbia, asking the incorporation of a saving institu-
tion.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported back, with
a recommendation that it do pass, Senate bill for
the relief of Mae;dalena Van Ness, widow of Cor-
nelias P. Van Ness, deceased; which was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed. " «
Mr. CROCKER, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of David Noble, deceased J.
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DRUM, from the samecommittee, reported
a bill for the relief of William Craige; which-was.
read a first and second time by its title, referred to
to a Committee of the Whole House, and erdered
be printed.
Mr. SHOWER, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, Senate bill for the relief of the heirs and legal,
representatives of-Gerard Wood, deceased; which!
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,-'
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PECKHAM, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, Senate bill for the relief of the heirs of Cap-
tain Joshua Chamberlain, deceased, which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. NICHOLS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported the following bills; which
were severally read a first and second time by their
titles, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed:,
A bill for the relief of James M. Lindsley;
A bill for the relief of William Demprey; and
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Jacob Moyer.
On motion by Mr. NICHOLS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Private'Land Claims
be discharged from the further consideration of the follow-
ing petitions :
Petition of Catharine Struburg;
Petition of Louis Lebaiiroe's heirs: and
Petition of W. A. and H. Jacobs.
The SPEAKER. Are the adverse reports in
these cases printed?
Mr. NICHOLS. No, they are written reports.
I move that they be laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. The Committee on
Private Land Claims have instructed me to mak&
an adverse report on the petition of James S.
Hickman; and X move that the report be ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
It was so ordered.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Louisiana, it was
Ordered, Tim the Committee on Private Land Claims
be discharged from the fun her consideration of the petitions
of David L. Maynard and nineteen others, referred to it-
and that the report be ordered to lie on the tabie and be
printed.
On motion by Mr. JONES, ofLouisiana, the
same committee was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill to provide for the claims
of officers and soldiers of the Virginia State and
1 Continental line of the revolutionary army; and it
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions. '
Mr. DUNBAR, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back Senate bill to remove ob-
structions to navigation in the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi, at the Southwest Pass, and the Pass S
I ''Outre; which was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BENTON asked and obtained leave to in-
troduce a bill to impose stamp duty on bank notes
and paper currency of small denominations ; which
