1855,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
905
was read the first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRINGLE, from the Committeeon Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the heirs of
Mary Jemison, deceased; which was read the first
and second time by its title, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
On motion by Mr. BALL, the same committee
wps discharged from the further consideration of
the memorial of Elestra R. Sprague and others,
asking pay for removing the Choctaw Indians,
and it was laid on the table.
On motion by Mr. ORR, the same committee
Was discharged from the further consideration of
the memorial of Kew-ai-zie-O'-Shawa-Naw, chief
of the Sauit de Ste. Marie band of Indians; and it
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. ORR, from the same committee, made an
adverse report in the case of Felix Argentiys,
praying relief for supplies furnished to Indians in
the State of California.
Mr. LATHAM. The report now presented by
the chairman of the committee was not made
unanimously by the committee, and I would have
preferred a dissenting report were it not for the fact
that at this late period of the session it was abso-
lutely impossible to take any action upon it. 1
trust that the chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs will let the bill go to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, instead
of laying it upon the table.
Mr. ORR. There is no bill in the case, bat the
committee simply make an adverse report.
The report was then laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. MAXWELL, the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of John Pox and
eight other Tuscarora Indians, praying compensa-
tion for services rendered the United States in the
war of 1812; and it was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HAVEN". There is Senate bill No. 498
upon the Speaker's table, which is of the same
character of bills that have been already reported
back from the Committee on Commerce. It is the
bill in reference to the improvement of the St. Clair
flats, and I ask that it be read and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The bill was then read the first and second time
by its title, as follows, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed:
An act making appropriations for deepening the
channel over the Sr. Clair flats and for deepening
the channel over the flats of the Si. Mary's river,
in the State of Michigan.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back, without amendment, Senate
bill appropriating money to remove obstructions
in theSavannah river belowthecity of Savannah,
in the State of Georgia; which was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ASHE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported bills for the relief of Joseph
White and Andrew Armstrong; which were read
the first and second time by their titles, referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the stateof the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. ASHE,the same committee
was discharged from the further consideration of
the petition of Mrs. Ann W. Angus, widow of
the late Captain S. Angus, of the United States
Navy; and it was referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
On motion by Mr. FLORENCE, the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs were discharged from the
further consideration of the petitions of Mrs.
Mary Putman, widow of Henry Putman, who
was killed by the falling of a derrick at the United
States navy-yard; of Thomas Cahiil, brother of
Patrick Cnhill, who was killed at the same place
and by the same accident; of Mrs. Isabella Duffy,
widow of Charles Duffy, who was also killed at
the same time and place; all praying that Congress
should pjiss a law for their lehef; and they were
severally referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. BOCOCK, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Hatrison
Hough; which was read a first and second time
by its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOCOCK, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back Senate bill for the relief of Thomas
Ap Catesby Jones; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, made the order of the
day for to-morrow, and bill and the reportordered
to be printed.
Mr. SMITH, ofYirginia. In reference to that
bill, I desire it to have such a position as will
enable me to have it put upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order, under
the order of the House this morning.
Mr. SMITH. My object was not to move to
put it upon its passage now. i did not want it to
go to a Committee of the Whole House, but to
have it laid upon the table, in order that I might,
at a proper time, move to take it up. "
Mr. FLORENCE, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back Senate bill for the
relief of Otway H. Berryman; which was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, made the
order of the day for to-morrow, and the bill and
report ordered to be punted.
Mr. MACDONALD, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass, Senate bill for the relief of
Robert Joyner; which was laid on the table.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I have been
instructed by the Committee on Foreign Affairs
to report back the resolution of this House which
was referred to them under the belief that it would
have been reported back at an earlier day. I have
not been able to get the floor to do so until the
present moment. It is simply a resolution of in-
quiry as to the Ostend Conference of American
Ministers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am willing that
a vote should be taken upon the resolution, but if
any debate arises upon it, I shall object.
There being no objection, the resolution was
reported, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United Slates inform
this House, if not incompatible with the public interest,
what was the object or objects of the meeting or conference
of the American Minisiers at Ostend; whether *-aul meeting
or conference was in obedience Jo m^trurtinns from the
Secretary of State ; what said instructions were, and what
was the remit of said meeting or coherence.
Mr. PERKINS. I move the previous question
upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. CHASTA1N. I would inquire of the
Chair whether the half hour, devoted to receiving
reports, under the understanding of'the House
this morning, has not expired ?
TheSPEAKER. It has expired; but the Chair
would say there are but a very few more com-
mittees to call, and the Chair would be glad, on
I very many accounts, to continue the call through
! the committees.
| Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. Beforethe question is
1 put upon the resolution, I desire to ask the Chair
if a motion to lay on the table would be in order?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. Then I make that
motion.
■ The question was put; and the motion was not
agreed to.
Mr. CHAMBERLAIN. I ask for tellers upon
the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it too late to
object to the consideration of that resolution ?
TheSPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is. The
resolution came m by unanimous consent.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
On motion by Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, it
was
Ordered, That theOommitfee on Foreign Affairs bo dis-
charg* d from the thnh'-r consideration or the petmoti and
papers of Th< mas M Mather and William 11 Giover, ask-
ing for irlu-f agunst Hie Mcxi'asi Government, and that
they be laid on "the tabic, and ihe report printed.
On motion by Mr. FARLEY, it was
Ordered, Th*tt the Committee on Territories be discharged
from the fut her eon^ideianors of me following memorials
of 'he Legislative Astern W} of the Termory ot Minnesota,
; and that thev b'> la d on the table :
i A memorial praying Congress to establish a road from St.
| Paul, by way of Lutfe. Canada, to Run liver; and
i A memonol asking Oongre<s« to make an appropriation to
1 construct a m-htarv road from Winona to Foi Ridgtey.
I Also, a memorial of the inhabitants of Browtmile, in said
I Terruoiy, tor a territorial road opposite to that place.
On motion by Mr. MIDDLESWARTH, it was.
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
be discharged from the further consideration of the petition
and papers of ^ally Shed, widow of Danie] Shed, fhr arrears
of pension ; and from the memorial of The legal represent-
atives of Major E. Waller, asking allowance of pension for*
three years' services in the revolutionary war, and that the
same be laid on the table.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. lam instructed by
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions to offer
i| the following resolution:
• Wlicrea«, some few years since the House of R^pregent-
attves directed the Commissioner of Pensions toluruish a
|| tabular hbt of all soldiers who served in the levoluuonary
i' and oiher wars, their rank, time and date of service, &c.>
'! &c., and th** Commissioner, in compliance with the order,
: lurnwhed the document, whuh was never printed, but by
direction of the House was sealed, and placed m charge of
ij the Clerk, not to be opened except by order of the '
i while satd document was m progress of preparation two or
three persons obtained copies lit some manner, and ibey
j| have, and are now, using the infos mation thus obtained for
ij their own advantage, and to the detriment of the revolu-
j! nonary soldiers: Therefore,
11 Resolved, Thai the tabular list of the soldiers who served
j: in the revolutionary and other wars, Ste., prepared by the
Commissioner of Pensions, and now m charge ofthe Clerk
of the Rouse of Representatives, be printed for the use of
the members thereof.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee." I object to the
printing of any such list.
The SPEAKER. As it is objected to, the reso-
lution cannot be received.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentle-
man will remember that there are copies.
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir; and they are in the
hands of gentlemen who send all over the coun-
try and get up pensions on them.
Mr, WASHBtJRN. I would inquire if it ia
in order now to move to suspend the rule in order
to receive the resolution?
The SPEAKER, it is not.
Mr. FLAGLER, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, made adverse reports in the
following cases; which were laid upon the table:
Petition of Ebenezer Benjamin, a revolutionary
soldier;
Petition of Richard Pattison, of Maryland*
Petition of Jane Gaston;
Petition of Mary Bensell; and
Petition of Amos Jones, a revolutionary soldier.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported adversely on the fol-
lowing cases; which were laid on the table:
Petition in the case of Mary Miller, one of the
heirs of Elnathan Sears, of the county of Sulli-
van, New York, for an additional pension; and
of the heirs of John and Ann Winsiow; and of
David Bayles.
Mr. ROWE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported adversely on the fol-
lowing cases; which were laid upon the table:
Memorial of Joseph Kirk, praying for the pas-
sage of an act granting to him moneys due his
father for revolutionary services;
Petition of George W. Sampson and Maria S.
Johnson, for pension and bounty lands;
Petition of Sally Ivetchum, asking to be placed
upon the pension roll; and
Petition of Susan Scott, widow of William
Sfott, praying for a pension in consideration of
the services of her husband during the revolution-
ary war.
Mr. EDMUNDSON, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported adversely upon
the following case; which was laid upon the ta-
ble:
Petition of Smith Crane, a revolutionary sol-
dier, of Montviile, Maine, for a pension.
Mr EDM AN OS, from the Committeeon Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported adversely in the
following cases; which were laid upon the tahle:
Application of Lathrop Foster, for increase of
pension;
Petition of Elisha Besse for pension or pecu-
niary compensation for wounds received in the'
Mexican war;
Petition and papers of Hfzekiah Windgate for
invalid pension; and
Petition and papersofThomssPriddv, of Hun-
i[ tington county, in the Stateof Indiana, for pension
;! on "account of sickness, disease and injuries m-
ij curred in the line of his duty as a soldier of the
Si war of 1812.
ij Petition of Thomas W. McMahon, for invalid
;j pension.
ii Mr. EDMUNDS, from the same committee,
