1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. READY. I desire to offer a resolution
which, if I mistake not, is one of privilege. It is
in reference to a matter in which every gentleman
upon this floor has a personal interest, and to
which, I presume, there will be no objection.
The resolution was read for information, asfol-
lows:
Joint resolution for the adjournment of the two
Houses of Congress at twelve o'clock on Satur-
day night, the 3d of March.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to it now; and I
move that the rules be suspended^ and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER. There is already a motion
pending to suspend the ruies, and until that is dis-
posed of another similar motion cannot be enter-
tained.
Mr. MURRAY. I now Call for the yeas and
nays on the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. If I thought I could accom-
plish anything, I would appeal to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to let me have the day to finish
the consideration of the civil and diplomatic bill.
The consideration of the bill for the establishment
of a court of claims will occupy the whole day, if
we enter upon it. The civil and diplomatic bill
ought to have passed this House and been sent to
the Senate before this.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
that the House resolve itself info the Committee
of the Whole on the Rtate of the Union?
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the motion cannot be
made until the pending question is disposed of.
Mr. SKELTON. I call for tellers upon the
question,
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then put; and the resolution
was agreed to, two thirds voting in favor thereof.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I have£. very
high sense of regard for the feeling of the
House 
Mr. SEWARD, (interrupting.) Is it in order
to move to recommit the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The bill is not yet reported
to the House.
Mr. SEWARD. Will it be in order when it
is reported ?
Tne SPEAKER. It will be, if the gentleman
can obtain the floor for the purpose of making
it.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I was about to
remark that I did not wish to consume any part
of the time of this House, and therefore i forbear
making a speech in explanation of this bill, he-
cause I am satisfied that every member of this
House understands it. I will merely remaik,
that this bill has already passed the Senate, that
it met the approval of the Committee of Claims
in this House, and 1 am authorized by that com-
mittee to withdraw the amendment which they
had recommended should be made to it, so that
the bill will now be put before the House just as
it came from the Senate. In order that no time
may be consumed, and that we may come to an
immediate vote, I demand the previous question.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to commit the bill to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. Until the previous question
is disposed of, no such motion is m order.
Mr. JONES. It is necessary that I should
state that the rules are suspended m oider to allow
me to report the bill. v I do report it, and move to
put it upon its passage.
Mr SK ELTON'. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
The question was put; and the motion was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read the bill in extenso.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I now ask that
the bill may be read the third time.
The SPEAKER. That is the first question
pending
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The first question
is upon seconding the demand for the previous
question.
The question was seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered to be put*
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I call for the
previous question upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put.
Mr. MURRAY. I demand the yeas and Hays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 150, nays 4G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen. Ashe, Barksdalc, Bauy, Belclier, J3en?on,
Bliss, Bocock, Boyce, B.idges, Diooks, Bngjr, ('nniph-ll,
Chamberlain, Chandler, Chastam, Chri^man, Churehweil,
Clark, Cook, Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Cullom, Curtis, Out
lirii , Thomas Davis, De Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Disney,
Dowdell, Drum, Dunbar, L'astioan, Eddy, Edmunds, Ed-
mundson, Thomas D. Eiiot, Everhari, Faulkner, Fentou,
Flagler, Florence, Fuller, Gamble, Giddiri«s, Goode,
Goodiich, Groen, Greenwood, Grey, Aaron Harlan, An-
drew J. Harlan, Harrison, Hastings, flaven, Hendricks,
Ilenn, Hifobard, Iiiester, Hill, Houston, Howe, Hughes,
Hunt, Ingersoll, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jonoa,
Roland Jones, Kem, Kerr, Kidwell, Knox, Knrtz,
Latham, Letcher, Lewis, Lillcy, Lindley, Lyon, McCul-
loch, Macdonald, McDouquil, McNair, McQueen, Mace,
Macy, May, Mf aeharn, Middleswarth, Million, Morrison,
Noble, Morton, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Par-
ker, Peck, Peckham, Pennington, John Perkins, Phillips,
Powell, Pratt, Preston, Pringle, Puryoar, Uead\, Rich-
ardson, Riddle, David Ritchie, Rowe, Sabm, Sage, Sey-
mour, Shannon, Shower, Samuel A. Smith, Wilhatn
SujiiIi, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Ilestor L Stevens, StiauU, D.ivid Stuart,
John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
T< Her,Thurston,Tracy, Trout, Upharn, Wade, Walbridjie,
Walker, Wallcy, Warien, Israel Washburn, John VVent-
wouh, Wesibiook, Daniel B. Wright, Hendnek B.
Wright, and Yates—150.
NAYS—Messrs. David J. Bailey, Ball, Bennett, Car-
penter, Caskie, Cobb, C'raige, John G. Davis, Dawson,
Dunham, Edgertori, Ellison, English, Ethmdye, Good- j
win, Hamilton, Darnel T. Jones, Lamb, Lind-Joy, Me
Mullin, Maunce, Maxwell, Majall, Smith Millrr, Mor-
san, .Muriay, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Bishop Perkins,
Phelps, Thomas Ritchev, Uobbms, Rudin. Sapp, Seward,
Shaw, Simmon5!, Skelton, Stratum, Andrew Stuart,
Tweed, Vans-ant, Walsh, Elhhu B. Washburne, Wheeler,
and Witte—4(i.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. MILLSON, when his name was called,
said: 1 wish to be allowed to say that I shall vote
for the bill as an experiment, having, however,
many objections to n; but the present method of
acting upon claims has lately worked so badly
that i am wi'lirig to try a change.
Mr JONES, of Pennsylvania, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
to lay the motion to reconsidcr on the table.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
Here a message was received from the Senate,
by Apbury Djckins, Esq., their Secretary, noti-
fying the House that thai body had passed bills
of the following titles? in which it asked the con-
currence of the Elouee:
Senate bill (No. 186) to provide for the final
settlement of the claims of officers of the revolu-
tionary army and of the widows and orphan chil-
dren of those who died m the service.
Senate bill (No. 514) granting railroad compa-
nies three years in which to pay the duties on
iron imported for railroad purposes.
That it had passed the following House bill,
w*th an amendment:
House bill (No. 2-12) authorizing the purchase
or construction of four additional revenue cutters.
Afid that it had passed the following House bill,
without amendment:
House bill (No. 527) for the relief of Lot Davis.
Also,a resolution proposing that the two Houses
of Congress should adjourn sine die at twelve
o'clock on the night of the 3d of March; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, here reported as correctly enrolled joint res-
olutions and bills of the following titles; which
thereupon received the signature of the Speaker:
A resolution for the relief of Rebecca Hniton;
An act to establish an additional land district m
the State of Wisconsin;
An act increasing the pension of Anthony W.
Bayard, of Bellefonte, m the Stite of Pennsylva-
nia;
Joint resolution in favor of William Monagan;
and
An act to provide for the payment of such cred-
itors of the late Republic of Texas asare-eom-
prehended in the act of Congress of 'Setee&tierd*
1850"
CONVENTION BETWEEN UNITED STATES
AND "GREAT BRITAIN._ * :
Mr. HOUSTON. If the House will give.me
their consent, J now propose to report, froai^the
Committee of Ways and Mean^, a bill making
an appropriation to pay the awards made against
the United States Government ii* the recent-con-
vention between Great Britain and the United
States, and ask them to put the bill upon us pas-
sage.
There being no objection, the bill was Reported,
and read twice by its title, as foilowa; , ^ .t
A bill to carry into tffc-ct the convention* agCHg,
the pulject of claims, between the Uni'ed States
and her Britannic Majesty, of the 8th of February,
1855.
The bill was then read in extenso by the Clerk.
Itappropriates $27.7,102 88—ihatamounthaving
been awarded to British subjects against the United
States, under the fete convention between Great
Britain and the United States, dedueUng* a.certain
amount, not exceeding five per cent,—to defray the
expenses of the commission,
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the previous-ques-
tion upon the engrossment of the bill. . - r-
The SPEAKER. The bill making, as it does,
an appropriation, must, under the rules, be liist
considered in the Committee of the-Whole.
Mr. HOUSTON. By general consent that rule
may be dispensed with.
Mr. G1DDINGS, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. X asked the consent of the
House to take up the bill and put it upon its pas-
sage, and that consent was extended, as \ under-
stood it, to dispensing with its consideration in the
Committee of the Wnole.
Mr. WHEELER, Certainly not. The bi!l
was only read for information,
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move to suspend therulea.
Mr. GID.D1NGS. I rise to a question of order.
I rose to object to dispensing wuh the considera-
tion of the bill in the Committee of the Whole,
Have I not the floor?
The SPEAKER. The genileman has not the
iloor. The motion is to suspend the rules, which
is not debatable.
Mr. GIDDINGS. But I objected before that
motion was made, and did not yieid the floor for
any such purpose. .
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Al-
bania [Mr. Houston] was upon the floor*ana
about 10 speak upon the bill, when ihe Chair re-
minded him that the bill, under the rules, must.be
first considered in the Committee of the Whule.
The gentleman from Alabama then raoyed to sus-
pend the rules. - «
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 understood the gentlemaa
to move to refer the bill.
The SPEAKER. He did not
Mr. GIDDINGS. I demand theyeasand nays
upon the motion to suspend the ruies.
The yens and nays were not oulered.
Mr. JONES, of Tenn<s«te. I will make one
remark, if the IJouse will permit me, and particu-
laiiy tothejrentleman fromOhn , [Mr. Giwdxnos.]
Thm oomm'Sfion, sir, awarded something* over
$777,000 against this Government as due to British
subjects. And 1 ask the attention of the House
to the fact that the same commission awarded
^329.000 against the British Government as due
to American citizens It was requ<reii that the
money should be paid within one year after thje
expiration of the commission. The commission
expired on the 15 'i of the last month, and the
probability is, the't if we do not pa-s u now, it will
not be done within the year. This is what we
are to pay to British subjects, and has nothing to
do with anything: else.
Mr. WHEELER. Does it not also make pro-
vision for paying the expenses of the commission
itself?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have no objectioo-to this
bill coming before the House if jtcan be explained
by some one who is opposed to it. If I can have
half an hour for that purpose, I will not make any
objection.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I rise to a question
of order. I desire to ask the Ciair on * qcusti* n.
Suppose the House go into rhe Committee < f the
Whole on the state of the Union in the present
