910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
stage of the proceedings, will this bill notcome up
as unfinished business to-morrow morning?^
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from* Ala-
bama has moved to suspend the rule requiring
this bill to be considered in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, which motion
would cut off a motion to go into the Committee
of the W hole bn the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to say to
the House that this bill has nothing to do with the
awards against the British Governmentin favor of
cur own citizens. It is merely to provide for the
payment of the awards against our own Govern-
ment.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has been allowed to explain his side of
the bill. Now, will the gentleman allow me as
long to explain the opposite side ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no control
over the bill. What I said I said with the unan-
imous permission of the House.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Well, sir, if the House will
allow me a short time to explain my opposition
to the bill, I will then not object to its being dis-
posed of at once.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will proceed
unless objection be made.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object.
The question was then put; and, two thirds
having voted in favor thereof, the rules were sus-
pended, and ihe bill taken up for consideration.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 demand the previous ques-
tion upon the engrossment of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. GIDDINGS, Now, Mr. Speaker, I have
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not the
floor, for the reason that the bill has not received
its third reading, and the previous question is,
therefore, not exhausted.
The bill was then read the third time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read the third time; and upon that motion I
desire to submit a few remarks.
Mr. ORR. I* that motion debatable?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has the floor, but the motion is not debatable, for
the reason that the previous question has been
demanded upon the passage of the bill.
Mr.GIDDINGS. I made the motion for the pur-
pose of assigning my reasons for opposingthe bill.
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman must be
aware that no debate is in order during the pend-
ency of rhe previous question.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The previous question has
been exhausted upon the engrossment of the bill.
It is that motion 1 propose to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must recol-
lect that it is the every day practice of the House,
that, when the previous question has been de-
manded, no debate is in order upon amotion to
reconsider until the demand for the previous ques-
tion has been disposed of.
Mr. Gl DDI NGS. Did not the Chair notice that
I was upon the floor, and made the motion to
reconsider before the gentleman from Alabama
demanded rhe previous question ?
The SPEAKER. As the remark of the gentle-
man from Onio would imply censure on the Chair
the Chair begs leave to explain. The gentleman
from Ohto must know as well as any member
upon this floor, and every member must know,
that common courtesy to the introducer of a bill
requires that the Chair should recognize him in
preference to any other member.
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly; that is the uni-
versal practice.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Ft was not my intention to
cast any censure upon the Chair, but I desire some
opportunity of saying a word in explanation of
this bill before it passes the House.
Mr, ORR. I move to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider is
not debatable, and the Chair will rule that the
motion to lay upon the table is not in order. The
question is upon the motion to reconsider,
Mr. GIDDINGS. One word. I did not design
to cast any reflection upon the Chair, but sir 
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!"] t
The SPEAKER. The statement of the gentle-
man is perfectly satisfactory between him and the
Chair.
Mr. PRINGLE. I ask, as a matter of courtesy,
that some one will explain this bill. There seems
to be a strong feelingupon this side of the House
that some explanation should be made. 1 hope
the House will allow it to be done.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will explain it, if the
House will permit me.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the gentleman from Ohio should be
allowed to explain ?
[Cries of "No!" "No!" "No!"]
Mr. PRINGLE. Then I would like to hear
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
explain it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Well, the time is coming,
thank God, when we shall have these gags re-
moved.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to
inquire if the question on seconding the demand
for the previous question must not be put before
it is put upon the motion to reconsider, so that if
the previous question is not seconded, debate can
be had upon the motion?
The SPEAKER, lthas been usual,as amatter
of convenience, to put the question first upon the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. WASHBURN. I had supposed that the
question must first be taken on seconding the
demand for the previous question, because then,
in case that should be voted down, the motion to.
reconsider would be debatable.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sees the point
made by the gentleman, and yields at once. The
question will be taken first upon the demand for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; being first
upon the motion submitted by Mr. Giddings, to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
Under the further operation of the previous
question, the bill was passed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPORT OF SELECT COMMITTEE.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to what I believe to
be a question of privilege, and I will state it very
briefly. It will be remembered that at the close
of the last session a select committee was ap-
pointed to investigate the alteration of the Min-
nesota land bill. That committee made a report
on the last day of the session, announcing that
they were receiving testimony by telegraph, and it
was the understanding that that testimony should
be published with the report. The testimony did
not arrive, however, until after the adjournment,
and it came to me at my residence m Ohio. I ask
now to offer a resolution authorizing the publica-
tion of the additional testimony.
The resolution, which was received by unani-
mous consent, was read, and agreed to, as follows:
Rch Iccif, That the testimony of A. Hunt, hereunto at-
tached, taken by the select committee last session to inves-
tigate the alteiasion made to the Minm'sota land hill, and
winch lias not heretofore boen published, be printed as a
part of llu: report ot said committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committeeofthe Whoieon the state of the Union,
(Mr. Hibbard in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill, Mr. Edcerton being entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have a small amendment
to offer to provide for a deficiency which I will
present now if the gentleman from Ohio will allow
me.
Mr. EDGERTON. Certainly; if by so doing
I do not lose my right to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment:
For oil for light-houses, being the difference between tbe
estimated and the actual cost of that article, $82,034 17.
For compensation of commissioner provided in 1st
article of reciprocity treaty with Great Britain, $2,000.
For boats and other incidental expenses connected with
the duties of commissioner, provided in the^Ist article of
the reciprocity treaty with Great Britain,
I hold in my hand a regular detailed estimate,
which has b^pn printed, showing the deficiency
for oil for light-houses to grow out of the fact
that, after the estimates were made, and before
the purchases were made, the price of oil increased
very greatly, and that this appropriation is abso-
lutely necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDGERTON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Sec. —. Jtnd beit further enacted, That so much of the
act entitled "An act making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of Government for the year ending the
30(h clay of June, 1849, and for other purposes," approved
August 12,1848, as provides u for refunding certain duties
paid by colleges, academies, schools, and seminaries of
learning, in-the United States, on philosophical apparatus,
instruments, book*, maps, and charts," and that the same
articles, and also certain other articles therein named,
nti«ht, and should, thereafter he in the manner and under
tiie circumstances therein specified,imported into the Uni-
ted States free of duty, be, and the same is hereby, so en-
larged, altered, and amended as to provide that the duties
paid on railroad iron actually and permanently laid down
from and after the 30lh of June, 1853, up lo the ist of July,
1856, being for ihe full period of three years, shall, on satis-
factory proof being made to the Secretary of the Treasury
of the tact aforesaid, be refunded to the State, or rail-
road company so lajmg down said iron, or causing the
same to be done, and said Secretary is hereby directed to
repay said duties out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appmpnated ; and from and aft?r the passage of
this act, dyes, dye-wood, dye-stuffs, raw silks, (of whatever
name or nature,) and wool, unmanufactured,costing more
than fifty centy, and less lhan eighteen cents per pound at
the place whence imported, may, and shall, be imported into
the United States free of duty : Provided, That in all cases
of wool falsely invoiced and valued under the foregoing
provision to defraud the revenue, there shall be levied and
collected on the same, double the amount of duty now im-
posed by law on said article.
Mr. FLORENCE. That amendment is not in
order.
Mr. STRAUB.. It is the same amendment that
was ruled out of order yesterday.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. EDGERTON. I appeal from" the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I rise to a question of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot enter-
tain it, for the reason that there is one point of
order already pending, and an appeal is taken
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. PENNINGTON. That is the very point
I make. The gentleman from Ohio has no right
to appeal. This very question was decided by the
committee yesterday.
Mr. DAWSON. The amendment is the same
as that offered yesterday, and which the Chair
ruled out of order. That decision of the Chair
was sustained by the committee, and it is not in
order to present the same question again to-day.
[Loud cries of " Order !" "Order!"]
Mr. FLORENCE. The same proposition wag
ruled out of order yesterday.
Mr. EDGERTON. It is not the same prop-
osition as the one I offered yesterday.
Mr. DA WSON. It is the same in effect, if not
in words. I maintain that an appeal cannot lie
from the decision of the Chair, and if the chair-
man will hear me for a moment, I think I can sat-
isfy him that I am correct.
[Loud cries of " Order !" and " Question !"]
Mr. PECK. I call for tellers on the appeal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Wheeler were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 81, noes 87.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled.
The question being on the amendment offered
by Mr. Edgertow,
Mr. EDGERTON. The railroad interest of
this country is now so large and so extended, that
it is eminently worthy the consideration of Con-
gress. Congress is unwilling-, in fact has no right,
to construct, at the national expense, the numerous
railroads required by the various interests of the
several States of this Union; Yet the construction
