1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PI?;
such as may be found in distress. Other sec-
tions prescribe duties that devolve upon consuls
in relation to mariners and other citizens of the
United States, and provide penalties for neglect.
Infits, outfits, attaches, clerk hire, and office rent,
are no longer recognized.
Mr. MASON. The Senate aredoubtless aware
that this is the first attempt, in the history of our
Government, to obtain anything like organization,
or systematized legislation, upon the subject, either
of our diplomatic intercourse with foreign nations,
or in the consular establishment. It is, therefore,
not at all remarkable that in an attempt to system-
atize the rude and indigested mass pertaining to
the whole foreign intercourse of the country, it
was* found very difficult to conciliate opinion.
Hence, while many of the Senators with whom I
Slave conversed, and gentlemen, too, of the other
House, where the bill originated,"think that there
are provisions in the bill—chiefly, however, affect-
ing-the salaries of these functionaries—which
ought to be modified, it seems to be conceded on
all sides that, as so great a step has been taken in
the indispensable reform of our present establish-
ments at foreign courts, it would be better to take
the biil as it is, for the purpose of obtaining here-
after any modification or amendment which, on
experience, may be found neeessary, than to jeop-
ard the whole reform by attempting, at this stage
of the session, to amend it. I shall be allowed to
say, and I say it with great pleasure, that I con-
sider the country is under obligation to the very
able gentleman of the other House, [Mr. Perkins,
of Louisiana,] whoprepared this bill. Thosewho
•have examined it, 1 think, those certainly who have
read his remarks which were made upon it when
it was passed in the other House, will say that
he has shown, not only ability and comprehensive
design, but a thorough information on all that per-
tains to the foreign intercourse of the country. I
tio not mean to detain the Senate, except by a
brief exposition of the general character of the
bill.
In the first place, as to our diplomatic inter-
course, it leaves that, so far as the number of
missions is concerned, exactly where it found it;
it does not increase or diminish it, but for the pur-
pose—and 1 think very properly—of simplifying
that intercourse, it reduces the various grades to
one, or rather blends and combines them into one.
%t abolishes the office of charge and of minister
resident, so that, so far as our diplomatic inter-
course is concerned, it is to be governed only by
functionaries of the grade of ministers plenipo-
tentiaries. It takes away outfits and infits, in every
case, it gives a fixed salary; it provides that the
salary is not to commence until the minister enters
upon the duties of his office; and that the salary
shall cease when he ceases to perform these duties.
Mr. SEWARD. May I ask the honorable
Senator a question in regard to this matter, for I
have nothad an opportunity of looking particularly
into it. What constitutes the act of commencing
the duties of his office? Can a foreign minister be
regarded as entering upon the duties of his office
before he embarks, or will he be so regarded when
he has arrived at the foreign port, or while he is
in this country after being appointed ?
Mr. MASON. The provision of the bill is, that
he shall not " be entitled to compensation until he
shall have reached his post nnd entered upon his
official duties." I suppose the construction which
would be placed upon that would be, that his
compensation shall commence when he is accred-
ited at the Court to which he has been sent; and
his salary will cease when the duties of his office
terminate, which, I presume, would be when he
takes leave. The great reform m that is, that it
prevents the operation of double salaries at the
same time to the same mission. By a computa-
tion, which I shall not go through with, but which
has been prepared by the gentleman who originated
the measure, it has been found that these double
salaries continue,on an average, for each mission,
about four months, which is called now, techni-
cally, overlapping, and amounts to $3,000 a year
for a full mission.
Then, it prohibits any minister from being ab-
sent from his post, or from the country to which
he is accredited, without the leave of the President
of the United States; and if he is absent for more
than ten days, either with or without leave, his
salary is to cease. That is a reform which I con-
sider very necessary in our foreign intercourse.
It provides further, that none but citizens of the
United States are to be entitled to diplomatic, or
consular appointments, or employed as clerks, or
have access to the archives in our foreign offices.
This was intended to apply chiefly to consular
establishments. We know that, in many parts of
the world where there is but little intercourse, com-
paratively, with our citizens, the consular appoint-
ments have fallen into the hands of foreigners, in
many instances to the detriment and even the
disparagement of the country.
Wow, sir, take up the diplomatic intercourse
first, and it will be found, by a series of carefully
prepared tables, upon information obtained from
the Department of State, that, although, upon the
face of the bill, the salaries of ministers will be
raised from the amount which is now paid to them
as salaries; yet that, in truth, the expenses of
the mission will be materially reduced; because
there is taken away tile outfit and infit, and the
overlapping of salaries, and the great source of
expenditure, increasing every day, by which, at
every session of Congress, sums of money are
appropriated to pay officers of legations ofinferior
grade for discharging the services of an office
of a higher grade in the absence of the functionary
who holds that office. All that will be taken
away.
Under the present system—I cannot call it the
present law, there being very little legislation ap-
plicable to the subject—the actual allowance to a
minister plenipotentiary to any of the Courts for
the first year of his mission, is $23,250. The
amounts, very briefly, which make up that sum,
are : Outfit $9,000, salary $9,000, infit $2,250, and
the average of the overlapping salary $3>000—
making $23,250 as the actual expense to the Gov-
ernment, in the case of a foreign minister who
remains abroad one year. If he remains abroad
j two years upon a full mission, under the present
system, the actual expense to the Government
is $32,250, and the receipts of the minister are
$16,250. If he remains abroad four years, or one
presidential term, the actual expense to the Gov-
ernment is $50,250, and the receipts of the min-
ister $12,562.
Now, sir, Senators will understand well, that
so far as economy is concerned in these expendi-
tures, it is for the interest of the Government
that the minister should remain abroad at least for
one presidential term of four years. We know,
from the experience of the country, however, that
very few do so. 1 presume they do not in the
greater number of cases, because, really, before
they have been two years abroad, their whole
resources, private and public, are consumed; and
they generally come home bankrupt, unless they
are gentlemen of fortune. But, be that as it may,
under the present system, the annual income of
the minister who remains four years abroad, is
$12,562; and Senators will find, upon an exami-
nation of the bill, that there are but two salaries,
namely, that of the Minister to France, and that
of the Minister to England, which, under it will
amount to that sum. The same computations
which, I have said, have been made with great
care, and which 1 have examined, will show that
under the present bill, taking the average of the
last six years, in the whole expenses of the dip-
lomatic intercourse of the country with foreign
nations, there will he found to be an actual saving
to the Government of $33,468. Then, although
upon the face of this bill, the salaries are larger
than are given now to our ministers abroad; yet,
when there is cut off the appropriations for out-
fits, for infits, for overlapping of salaries, for the
contingent expenses of the mission, and for the
incidental expenses which we are constantly
called upon to pay to an inferior grade of officers
for performing the duties of a highergrade, it will
be an actual economy to the Government, while
the ministers abroad will be paid better than they
are now. I shall not detain the Senate any more
upon that part of the subject.
The greatest difficulty, however, was met in
arranging the consular establishment. Those
gentlemen—I instance the honorable Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] who has discharged
a great deal of honorable service to his country
abroad—who have been abroad, either in public
or in private life, when they come home filled with
the information which they have obtained from
their experience, are convinced of the utter dete-
rioration of the whols consular system under the
present establishment. The offices are not only-
very often in the hands of inferior and unworthy-
men, foreigners, men unknown to the country,
but the system is such, that while some are barely
paid, others are paid more than any other func-
tionary of the Government, at home or abroad,
and paid by a system which is almost a depreda-
tion upon the Government, and which is dona
under the forms of legislation through whicli it
passes. The reforms proposed in the consular-
system are two. All consuls are to receive fixed
salaries, and those salaries, I have found from
conversation, have engendered the chief source of
discontent with the bill in its present aspects. It
has been thought, and very naturally thought, by
the friends of some consuls, that they were not
paid enough. It has been thought by the friends
of others, that whatever was paid to thetti as sal-
ary was disproportions] to that of some of their
colleagues in office; but Senators will well under-
stand how very difficult it is, in digesting a sys-
tem of legislation for the first time, providing for
salaries to these functionaries, how utterly im-
practicable it is, indeed, to get all to unite in the
belief that it was a perfect thing in itself.
The bill, then, Mr. President, gives fixed sal-
aries to all our consuls abroad. You are'aware
that in some few consulates, salaries are already
given, but they are very few. The bill proposes
to extend that provision to all; and upon this sub-
ject I would say, that in looking back through the
archives of the Government, I have found that
this mode of compensating consuls by fixed sal-
aries, in lieu of the present system of commission,
and the emoluments derived from trade, has had
the successive recommendation of Mr. Livingston,
Mr. Forsyth, and Mr. Buchanan, while they
were presiding over the State Department, and I
doubt not that my very able and distinguished
colleague on the Committee on Foreign Relations,
the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clatton,] who
has been in the State Department, would concur
in that.
That is one reform in the consular system. It
abolishes fees, so far as they form, for the consul,
a source of private emolument. It prescribes
what fees, and they are very few, shall now be
charged by the consul, and requires him, under
penalties of law, and under the security of an
official bond, to account for those fees, and pay
them to the Government. It abolishes all fees for
passports and commissions upon money advanced
as wages, or for the relief of seamen in distress.
The system of having fees for passports, and more
especially for what is called tne vise of passports,
has degenerated so far abroad, that since this bill
has been reported to the Senate, 1 have been fur-
nished with two remarkable* documents, brought
in by gentlemen who have been abroad, and who
nay that, in making the tour of Europe, they had
to incur expenses equal to $200 for the vise upon
their passports. The documents themselves are
worn out in the service, and shingled over with
these vises.
Mr. President, in looking at the information
furnished by the Department of State on this sub-
ject, we have found that, through the present want
of organization in the consular establishment, and
the want of power, because of the defects in legis-
lation, in the Executive to restrain consuls in the
expenditure of the public money, the single fund
which is appropriated every year, and necessarily-
appropriated for the relief of sick, disabled, and
distressed seamen abroad has risen, within the
last two or three years, in a proportion that is
astounding. It began with comparatively a very
moderate sum. It was natural that it should in-
crease; but I think the last appropriation was about
$140,000, and it is dispensed under a system of
expenditure which invites the consuls to depredate
upon the public money, and defraud the Govern-
ment. The system is this: the consuls are obliged,-
when seamen are discharged in foreign ports, to
require the captains to pay to the seaman three
months' wages; one month's wages is retained in
the consulate fund for the relief of sick and disa-
bled seamen, and then the consuls are authorized
to draw upon the Department of State, from time
to time, for such sums of money as they may have
expended in aid of this fund for the relief of sea-
men in that condition, and they are allowed five
per centum, not only upon the consular fund which
comes from the seamen's wages, but upon their
draft which they make upon the Government in
