mo
THE CONGKESSXQBfAJL* GLOBE.
February 24,
special order for one o'clock last Saturday, and
those bills have been for a long time reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Michigan is to proceed to the
consideration of the report of the committee of
conference on House bjll for the relief of pur-
chasers and locators of swamp and overflowed
lands.
Mr. BADGER. Upon that question I wish to
submit a remark or two to the Chair and to the
Senate. The Senator from Michigan is under a
mistake in supposing that that is a priyileged
question in the Senate. The honorable Senator
brings his notions from the other House. -We
haye privileged motions in the Senate, such as to
lie on the table, to adjourn, &c.; and a question
of privilege may arise when there is a disorder in
the-House, or upon the swearing in of a new
member; but we huve no other privileged ques-
tions. This application stands precisely like an
application to take up anything else which is on
the table of the Senate.
Now, sir, I differ entirely from the Senator
from Michigan as to the necessity or propriety of
selecting; tlftt in preference to other measures. It
is a question upon concurring with a committee
of conference. When that is done the whole
business is ended; it has not to go any further,to
the other House, but the law will stand as passed.
The two other classes of bills, however—the classes
referred to by the Senator from Georgia and by
the Senator from Tennessee—stand in d;liferent
situations. First, as to the bills referred to by my i
friend from Georgia: they have to pass this House |
and go to the other. They are bills that neces- |
sarily require a concurrent action of both Houses
in order to become laws. We ought, therefore,
to speed them, to put them forward, to give them
n reasonable opportunity of passing through their
various stages.
So, Mr. President, in regard to the internal im-
provement bills, if we can take them up and pass
them, they will go to the House and be acted
upon, otherwise they will fail; whereas the propo-
sition which the Senator from Michigan desires
now to consider, is a matter that will be ended by
one vote of the Senate. And let me say to the
honorable Senator, it is not going to be disposed
of in the brief space he imagines. That report
will be discussed, and if it is taken up, I simply
wish to advise gentlemen here who feel an interest
in the internal improvement bills, and in the bills
referred to by my friend from Geprgia, that the
probability is, that they will not be disposed of
to-day.
Mr. BRIGHT. Although the report referred
to by the honorable Senator from North Carolina
is not properly a privileged question, there is
great propriety in taking it up, and disposing of
it. If, however, it is to lead to a long discussion,
I shall not insist upon its being taken up. I must
aid the Senator from Georgia in urging that some
consideration be given to the bills reported by the
Committee on the District of Columbia; for, thus
far in the session, really less attention has been
given to the reports of tbat committee than of any
other committee in the body. There is, to my
mind, great propriety in taking up some of the
bills reported from that committee, involving im-
portant interests in the District. Congress is the
only body to which the citizens of the District can
appeal for something like justice. There is great
propriety in the motion made by the Senator from
Georgia, and I hope theSenate will sustain it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Michigan to
proceed to the consideration of the report of the
committee of conference, on the bill which has
been mentioned.
The motion was not agreed to, there being, on a
division—ayes 16, noes 18.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN CORPO-
RATE POWERS.
Mr. DAWSON. I now move to take up the
bills appertaining to the business of the District
of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator indicate the first bill which he proposes to
take up.
M r. DAWSON. It is House bill granting cer-
tain additional powers to the Corporation of
V? tshington.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
and the question is on agreeing to the amendments
reported to it by the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. DAWSON. I rise to ask the Senate to
disagree to the amendments proposed by the com-
mittee to the House bill; and 1 trust my colleagues
on the committee will consent to this course. I
am permitted to withdraw the amendments by the
committee, so that the bill may bs passed as it
came from the House. The amendments were
reported by the committee at the suggestion of the
Senator from Blississjppi, [Mr. Brown,] but an
election comes on in Georgetown, on Monday,
and if the provision reported by the committee be
added to the bill it will postponeany arrangements
until twelve months from next Monday.
Mr. BROWN. The amendments proposed by
the committee, I understand, have nothing to do
with the election coming on next Monday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The question
will betaken on the amendments of the committee.
Mr. BROWN. I do not wish to have them
smothered. Let them be read.
The amendments were read.
The first was to strike out the word " such"
and insert " all," in the first section, in the power
to be granted to the Corporation of Washington
to prescribe the time, place, and manner of holding
elections for officers. The object of the amend-
ment is to apply the provision to all elections.
Mr. BROWN. That amendment was asked
for by the Corporation of Washington itself.
The amendment was rejected.
The second amendment of the committee was to
insert in the second section, which proposes to
confer certain powers on the Corporation of
Washington, the following:
"And the same authority and power as to the grading,
paving, or otherwise improving the streets, alleys, or the
curt inge-ways or foot-way sot* Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia, and as to the construction of diains and powers,
and lighting tile streets of said town with ga^as well as Hie
same authority and power to piovide lor the expense oi any
such works or improvements hy a special tax or out of its
corporate funds generally, or boih, at its discretion, am
hereby conteried upon the Corporation of Georgetown."
Mr. BROWN. I care nothing about that
amendment, but it was incorporated into the bill
at the solicitation of the corporation itself. I do
not understand this thing of the Corporations of
Georgetown and Washington coming to the com-
mittee and annoying them as they have done from
day to day and week to week, with their business,
and then, when we have prepared it, getting the
chairman of the committee to come in here and
ask for the rejection of amendments to which the
committee have agreed. If this is the way in
which we are to be treated, I wash my hands of
all connection with their business. The first
amendment which was read was asked for by the
Mayor of this city, and put in at his solicitation.
This amendment has been proposed at the solicita-
tion of Georgetown. You may vote it down if
you please, but if we are to be treated in this way,
if, after being annoyed as we have been on the
committee every morning, when the bills are pre-
pared and aboitt to be passed, they come and ask
to have them knocked all to pieces, I will not
submit to the corporations beating the commit-
tees, who have charge of their business, in this
way. I care nothing about the amendment, but
I protest against this mode of proceeding.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment is to insert at the end of the third
section:
Provided, That nothing in this act shall be so construed
as to authorize the Corpoiation of Washington to open
alleys into, or otherwise exorcise control over, the public
reservations in said city, without the special permission of
Congress.
Mr. BROWN. That is an amendment which
I think the Senate ought to adopt, notwithstand-
ing the remonstrances of the Senator from Geor-
gia. You are giving the Corporation of Washing-
ton, under this bill, authority to open alleys and
close up alleys in the city; and if, simply because
there may be some danger that this bill is to be
lost, you are going to allow this corporation to
run its lanes, alleys, and streets through the public
reservations without limit, go on and do it. That
is what you are about to do under the provisions
of this bill unless this amendment be adopted.
For one 1 protest against it. I protested against
it in the committee and I had this amendment
inserted to prevent any such thing being done. I
trust the Senate will not vote it down simply
because the Corporation of Washington may, by
possibility, lose a bill. I have no idea of allowing
thjs corporation to run its streets through the
reservations and open alleys wherever it may
deem it proper to open them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. The other amendments de-
Fended entirely upon the adoption of this, which
think myself is correct in principle, and the
others ought to follow as a matter of course. I
therefore move to reconsider the vote by which the
other two amendments were rejected, so that we
may agree to them, and then tiie bill will be cor-
rect.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that there is only one other amendment of
the committee, and when that is disposed of the
motion to reconsider may more properly be
made.
Mr. DAWSON. Very well, sir.
The last amendment of the committee was to
add the following additional section:
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That Congress may
at any time, in its discretion, alter, amend, or repeal this
act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I now move to reconsider
the vote by which the two former amendments
were rejected.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the adoption of those amendments.
Mr. DAWSON. I hope now they will be
agreed to.
The amendments were adopted; and the bill was
reported to the Senate, as amended, and the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole were
concurred in.
The bill, as thus amended, authorizes the Mayor,
Board of Aldermen, and Board of Common Coun-
cil of Washington, to provide for the election, by
the inhabitants, at stated periods, of officers of the
corporation not now elective under the existing
charter; and to prescribe the time, place, and man-
ner of holding aJl elections, arid the duties, terms,
and tenure of those officers, as w(li of theregister,
collector, and surveyor of the corporation. At all
such elections the voters must be such persons,
and no others, as may be competent to vote at
elections holden under the charter of the city for
the time being; and no pel son can vote who shall
not be returned on the books of the corporation,
as provided by the fifth section of the act entitled
" An act to continue, alter, and amend the charter
of the city of Washington," approved May 17,
1848, and who shall not have the other qualifica-
tions required by that act. Any person who shall
vote or offer to vote contrary to these requirements,
is, upon conviction, to be sentenced to pay a fine
of not less than ten nor more than fifty dollars,
and to imprisonment not less than one nor more
than four months for cach offense. The corpora-
tion is to have full power and authority to provide
for the proper conducting of all elections in the
city, and for the punishment of any person who
may wilfully disturb, or interfere with the com-
missioners or other persons who may be appointed
to superintend elections, from time to time, while
in the discharge of their duty, or who may wilfully
distuib, or interfere with any voter while at, or
going to, or returning from the polls, to vote, as
well as for the punishment of any commissioner
or other person appointed to superintend an elec-
tion, who may wilfully and knowingly receive, or
permit to be received, the vote of any person not
legally authorized to vote. At all elections, either
of the commissioners or judges of election at the
polls where any vote shall be offered, and which
vote shall be challenged or suspected to be illegal,
may administer an oath or affirmation to the per-
son offering to vote, and to any witness whom it
may be material to examine. Any assessor, in
the discharge of his duty, under existing or future
laws, may administer oaths or affirmations to any
person whose taxable property may be the subject
of inquiry, and to any otherperson whom he may
deem it expedient to examine touching the same,
and to interrogate ail such persons on such oath
or affirmation. The Corporation of Washington
