922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
more than three fourths—of the citizens of that
town. As the certificate of the collector of taxes
of that corporation will show, it is signed by an
overwhelming majority of the people, and by nine
tenths of the property holders of the city, asking
the passage of this act for their benefit. It is
founded upon the principle that every people in
every Territory have a right to tax themselves to
the extent they desire. We only propose to give
them authority to carry out what they have them-
selves determined to do. I concurred with my
friends on the committee that it was better to have
n proviso put in providing: that an election should
ensue at which there could be an approval of the
act; but we are in such a condition now as to dis-
pense with the necessity of an election. To retain
the proviso will postpone the carrying into effect
of the railroad subscription for twelve months.
Mr. SHIELDS. My honorable friend from
Georgia is right in the enunciation of his principle
that every man ought to be permitted to tax him-
self, but that is not the principle here. The prin-
ciple of this bill is that of a majority taxing a mi-
nority ad libitum.
Mr. "DAWSON". Not ad libitum, because we
restrict it. Only a tax of seventy-five cents on the
one hundred dollars can be imposed; and that is
not to he collected annually, but five, or six, or
eight per cent, a year, according to the amount
that may be necessary. They are authorized,
however, to raise the full sum if that should be
required. The Senator talks about the majority
taxing the minority. Now, I should like to know
•what man is willing to be taxed if he can prevent
it? In this country the majority always tax.
Mr. SHIELDS. I think the honorable Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] has stated the
proposition correctly that this ought to be left to
the people of Georgetown; let them act upon u,
and we ought not to e;ive this power without first
consulting the people. The honorable Senator
from Georgia brings forward a petition which he
says is signed by a majority of the citizens of
that corporation. It seems to me from the size of
the paper, that it cannot possibly be signed by a
majority of the citizens.
Mr. DAWSON. I will only read a certificate
of the officers. 4 4 A mong t he above names are t hose
composing a very large majority of the holders of
real estate in Georgetown, I should say to the
amountof three fourthsthereof." That certificate
is signed by the collector of taxes. Then the
following are the names of tfie gentlemen who
compose the board of aldermen and common
council, all of whom voted m favor of the bill to
subscribe five thousand shares of stock in the
Metropolitan Ra'lroml Company.
Mr. SF1IKLD.3. How much is it a share?
Mr. DAWSON. Twenty dollars.
Mr. SRWAIU). What is the whole amount?
Mr. DA VVSON. One hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. BROWN. I know verv well, sir, that a
large number of the citizens of Georgetown have
petitioned for this tax, hut that is not the question
which operates upon my mind. I do not care if
a majority have asked for it. Minorities have
rights as well as majorities. The minority protest
against if, and pay ihe debt wa'3 contracted origi-
nally without authority, and now the majonty
come forward and ask that all shall be taxed to
redeem that subscription. What I proposed in
the beginning was, that Georgetown should have
lawful authority conferred on her corporation to
subscribe for this stock if she chose, and coupkd
with that should be authority to tax her people to
redeem it; and then, at an election for that pur-
pose, the whole question should be submitted to
the people of Georgetown for their ratification,
and if they chose thus to bind themselves, let it be
so. What I protest againft is, that a corporation
subscribes for stock in a railroad company, with-
out lawful authority to do so, and then comes here
and asks Congress to ratify it, and make it bind-
ing on the minority, who protest against it. That
is the provision. 1 think before the Senate pass
this bill, they ought at least to give some consid-
eration to it.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator from
Georgia has said that majorities tax minorities.
That is very true, where the tax is necessary for
the support of the corporation, the Government,
t he community; but in a mere scheme of specula-
tion like this, I think it would be a very bad prin-
ciple to permit a majority to tax the minority.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, I regard this
bill as merely a proposition to permit the capital
of Georgetown to tax itself for the purpose of
making a public work. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi has spoken about a minority protesting.
Of whom does that minority consist? if the Sen-
ator from Georgia will read the paper before him,
it will disclose the fact that nine tenths of the prop-
erty holders of Georgetown have signed it; and
those who protest against it, are generally the
employees of the Government, who work in this
city and live temporarily in Georgetown. The
question submitted here, is simply whether or not
actual residents in Georgetown—the property hold-
ers of that city—those who own the property arid
represent it, shall have the sanction of Congress to
tax themselves as they see proper. I think there
is eminent propriety in giving them this authority.
We have refused to grant them land for the pur-
pose of making a railroad, on the ground that we
had no such power under the Constitution; we
have refused to appropriate them money for any
of their public works. Now, when they ask us
to give them the simple privilege of applying their
own money for the purpose of making a public
work, the Senator from Mississippi says a minor-
ity protests against it. I say it is a non-resident
minority; and 1 think there is a great deal of jus-
tice in the application which the people make to
us.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator from Indiana
says that nine tenths have petitioned for it. 1 do
not think the proportion is anything: like that.
Mr. BRIGHT. I said nine tenths of those who
own property upon which taxes are paid.-
Mr. BROWN. I do not know that the Senator
is precisely accurate in that statement; but sup-
pose he is, have the other one tenth of the people no
rights? May nine tenths tax the property of the
remaining one tenth without their consent, to pay
a debt which, I repeat again, was contracted with-
out law, and to which you are asked'now to give
your sanction ? The Senator pays the property-
holders wish this. Then why do not the property-
holders put their individual money into the enter-
prise? if it is going to be a speculation to the
one tenth who protest against it, why do not the
nine tenths put in their own money? They seem
careful to avoid that, unless they can drag in the
other one tenth, and force them, against their will,
to contribute to an enterprise which, they say, is
going to be a failure, with which they desire to
have nothing to do.
There are a great many representations in re-
gard to the petition which has been alluded to,
which I need not repeat here; but since it has been
said that the minority amount to nothing, I may
mention that the minority charge that this petition
was gotten up unfairly. I know not whether it
be so or not, but I know this, that when you are
going to contract debts on the public faith, you
ought to proceed properly, regularly, and in order;
and if there is to be a corporation subscription to
this railroad, it ought to be authorized before it is
made, and it ought to have the popular sanction
before you undertake to tax the people to redeem
it.
Mr. DAWSON. The Senator is right as to
the authority of the citizens to levy the tax; but
for the purpose of inducing the corporation to
make the subscription, the citizens of Georgetown
sent them a petition, which I hold in my hand,
asking the corporation to take this stock; and, as
the Senator from Indiana has said, nearly nine
tenths oC, the land-holders in the city, and three
fourths of all the residents, signed the petition.
They held a meeting, and passed a resolution
instructing the Board of Aldermen and Common
Council to appoint a committee to make this
application, in conformity with the wishes of the
people of Georgetown, thereby pledging them-
selves to be responsible for the payment of the
stock. In order to have it done by law, they filed
their petition for an act of incorporation for the
company, in accordance with their wishes and the
wishes of the people of Maryland, and we granted
the charter. Now, the subscription has been
made by nine tenths of the property holders of
the town, and they ask us to allow them to make
it. Why should we object?
Mr. SEWARD. There seem to be two ques-
tions involved in this bill. The first is, whether
a municipal corporation ought to have the power
given to them to levy taxes upon their constit-
uents for a public enterprise in the nature of a
railroad". It is supposed by the honorable Sena-
tor from Mississippi, and by the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois, that there is a legitimate pre-
sumption against the safety of any such enterprise.
My own experience does not support the position
which they assume. It is true I have seen very dis-
astrous enterprises in the shape of local improve-
ments undertaken by towrt corporations; but I
have also seen very important and great enter-
prises carried to a successful conclusion, partly
by the adoption of a course like this by, corpora-
tions. The capital city of my own State has sub-
scribed liberally, for a period of twenty years, to
the great railroad enterprises which center in that
city; and I think it has never lost a dollar from so
doing, but has realized great benefits for itself and
for The whole State. I think that the Croton
Aqueduct enterprise, in the city of New York, falls
in the same category. So 1 am not at liberty to
presume that all enterprises of this kind are bad
speculations; but I must assume that the enter-
prise which is in question here may be a good one
or a bad one. Somebody is to decide that ques-
tion, and I think the decision belongs to the
people of the town.
It is a safe principle to require the consent of the
people to an enterprise of this kind; and when 1
speak of the consent of the people, I mean that
portion of the people who are to bear the taxes
which are to be imposed, and whose prosperity
will be benefited by the improvement. Others,
who are transient persons, and are not taxable,
have little interest in the question, and though
they may be there, the law properly holds a per-
son, on such a question, to the place of his domi-
cile. We.would agree, 1 think, that the citi-
zens might be trusted in deciding this question
for themselves, but the honorable Senator from
Mississippi insists upon the form of an'election.
I agree with him that the form of an election is a
very proper one, and I should insist upon it, if it
were not superseded by an equivalent expression
—equivalent in numbers, equivalent in solemnity.
That seems to be what is presented here by the
petition which has been read, and the proceedings
of the meeting of the people to which allusion has
been made. I can, therefore, see no objection to
the passage of the bill.
Mr. BADGER. I-agree entirely with what
was said on this subject by my friend from Mis-
sissippi. This is an attempt which I think ought
to receive no aid or countenance at the hands of
Congress. The Corporation of Georgetown un-
dertakes to make a subscription to some scheme
of internal improvement, without any authority
of law whatever. The Corporation of Georgetown
has no funds, created and under the control and
direction of the corporation, for that purpose,but
the subscription has to be made good by a levy
of taxes upon the people of Georgetown. Then
how stands the case? A subscription was made
by persons who were absolutely without any
authority to pledge the corporation, or to pledge
the people or the property of Georgetown. It
was an absolute nullity. It had no more force,
effect, or legal character, than if it had been done
by any other number of citizens than those who *
compose the corporate body of Georgetown. Now,
when this illegal act is done, Congress is applied
to in order to interpose a law which, by an ex post
facto operation, shall make that good from the
beginning which was a nullity from the begin-
ning.
Sir, when I say this is an act of ex post facto
operation, 1 do not mean in the sense in which the
Constitution of the United States prohibits such a
law. I know that expression, technically consid-
ered, refers only to criminal prosecutions; but I
mean to use it as a convenient term to express
precisely what is to be done here, by an act of
ex 'postfacto legislation, to make this corporate act
of the authorities of Georgetown binding upon
the property of citizens of the town from the time
when it was adopted, although it was adopted
without authority of law.
I am opposed to it. What reason do gentlemen
assign why such an act as this should not be
passed ? It is admitted that the property holders
in Georgetown have an interest in this question,
that their means aie to be used to make good the
subscription, and that it would be wrong to com-
pel them to make good a subscription made in
their name without authority, unless they coasent
