1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
92B
to it. But it is said they have consented. How?
Why, sir, there are certain petitions brought here,
and those petitions are supposed to be adequate
to supply the pla.ce of an authentic, legal expres-
sion of the wilt of the people of Georgetown.
Why, Mr. President, who that ever knew, who
that ever heard anything about the process by
which signatures are obtained to petitions and
other papers, can place any such reliance on those
papers as is now sought to be attributed to them ?
If the people of Georgetown who are interested in
this question, and who are to bear the expenses
of this outlay of money, wish that it should be
done, why riot commit to their corporate author-
ities hereafter to be elected by them, the power
hereafter to make a subscription if they think
proper to do it? I can see no reason why this
legitimate mode of ascertaining what is the sense
of the people who are to bear this burden should
not be resorted to. What stringent necessity is
there ? Why should we now step in retroactively
and make that good from the beginning which
was void in the beginning? What mighty good
is to be accomplished by it? What fearful evil is
to be apprehended from the short delay which is
to elapse before allowing new corporate authori-
ties, elected by the people of Georgetown with an
express view to this question, having the subject
brought under their consideration, to pass upon it?
I think, Mr. President, that while we should be
willing—as certainly I should be at all times—to
give every proper legal facility to those improve-
ments which may advance the interests ana pro-
mote the welfare of the old town of Georgetown,
we ought to have some respect to the legitimate
method of accomplishing this purpose; and we
should ascertain, by the most regular and authentic
means, that the approbation of the people of that
town is freely and intelligently given to the pro-
Fosal. I know no other legal mode than the one
have suggested. Let the power be committed to
the corporate authorities of Georgetown to be
hereafter elected by the people of the town with a
view to this question, knowing that it is to arise,
the people selecting those who will represent and
truly express their opinions. As to petitions, for
certain purposes petitions may be useful. For
this purpose, as a substitute for an authentic ex-
pression of the will of the people of the town, I
look upon them as absolutely worthless, and not
entitled to the slightest consideration.
Mr. DAWSON, if the Senator from North
Carolina would attend to the facts of the case and
examine his own principles, he would find that
we are precisely within them. It is true, that the
subscription was made before the passage of this
bill, but who made the subscription ? The people
of Georgetown. How could they do it? By ap-
plying to the city councils, who had the authority
by their voice to do it. Did the people of George-
town authorize the city councils to make the sub-
scription ? If they did, will jiot my friend admit
that they had the right to do so? I hold in my
hand their petition. It is in these words:
" We. the subscribers, the tax-paying people of the city
of Gt'oigetowu, a->k the corporation, and recommend to
them, to .subscribe in behalf of the corporation," &c.
The corporation did it attheir request. Whose
petition, whose recommendation is it? That of
the people who ask it. They do not desire you,
by thif bill, to give them authority to make the
subscription, but they ask you to authorize them
annual!)' to levy a tax, which tax is to be levied
upon the same people who requested the subscrip-
tion to be made to this railroad company. They
wish to legalize the tax, not to legalize the sub-
scription, for that is already made. It is not a
retroactive bill at all. it may be said that these
gentlemen can pay the money themselves, but
ihey prefer to have it paid annually under a sys-
tem adopted through their own agents—the cor-
poration.
The Senator from North Carolina does not say
that there would be any objection to the bill ifalaw
had been first passed authorizing the corporation
to make the subscription, and this authority was
afterwards called for. What difference is there
in print iple, between people anticipating an act and
pledging themselves to do it to-day instead of the
day after to-monow ? It is founded on the will of
the majority. We have ascertained their will, and
we know that it is for this measure. Besides, if
the people of Georgetown should be dissatisfied
with the paymentof this tax, or with the conduct
of the corporate body imposing the tax, they have
annual elections, and can turn out the aldermen
and councilmen who assessed the tax on them,
and thereby defeat the object of the entire bill.
There is no danger of imposing an improper tax
under this bill; but if there be, there is a correct-
ing power in the hands of the people of George-
town, who can turn out all the men in office in
their corporation who tax them, and put their
municipal power in the hands of those who will
not tax them.
I repeat to my friend from North Carolina, that
I think the ground on which he bases his opposi-
tion is superseded by the fact that the subscription
was made at the request of the people themselves.
If so, why not let the measure pass? Why post-
pone it for twelve months, and thereby defeat the
very object of the subscription at this time, when
the contracts are being let out by the railroad com-
pany? I hope the corporation will not be placed
in so disadvantageous a position.
Mr. BADGER. My friend from Georgia says
this act is not required to give validity to the sub-
scription. Well, now, sir, where was the authority
in the Corporation of Georgetown to make the
subscription ?
Mr. DAWSON. Nothing but the request of
the citizens.
Mr. BADGER. Then my friend considers
that a corporate obligation has been incurred by a
petition signed by the citizens of Georgetown!
Assuredly I need not say that position will not
bear the test of le al scrutiny. We confer cor-
porate authority on the people of Georgetown.
Georgetown, as a corporate authority, exists under
our law. As individuals, if every single man
among them incurs anything at all, it does not
spe ik the voice of Georgetown.
Mr. DAWSON. There is no difference between
my friend and myself on this point when we come
to understand each other. I do not say that the
act of the people conferred corporate power to
make the subscription, but I said the people had
a right to ask the agency of the aldermen and city
council of Georgetown to make the subscription,
not in their corporate character, but acting for
those gentlemen who compose the city, and after-
wards, for the purpose of giving it the appearance
of a corporate act, they ask us to pass this law
and allow them to levy a tax to carry out the
object.
Mr. BADGER. Now my friend says they
asked the corporate authorities to subscribe, not
as a corporation, but as agents of persons who
signed that paper. Then the subscription is not a
corporate subscription, but it is a subscription
made by the corporate authorities as the agents of
the subscribers, and the subscribers own the stock,
and the subscribers are bound to pay for it, and
nobody else. Then, upon this view of the subject,
additional objections rise mountain high against
the bill.
I now understand from my friend the state of
the case to be that these gentlemen, having made
individual subscriptions through the agency of
their appointees, the persons who happened to be
the mayor and aldermen of Georgetown, now ask
Congress by a law to change the character of that
subscription from an individual one, and to make
it binding on the city in its corporate character.
Surely, sir, we ought not to do that. If they re-
pent of their bargain, if they are no longer willing
to be individual subscribe) s, if they are not willing
to charge themselves personally with the sub-
scription which they have authorized to be made
by persons as their agents, then let them get out
of the difficulty as other men do when they find
themselves by such an imprudent act placed in a
similar strait; but certainly it can be no reason
why we should change the character of the sub-
scription, and make it a charge on the Corporation
of Georgetown.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to ask my friend from
Georgia a question by way of illustration. If the
Corporation of Georgetown, on a petition of the
majority of the citizens, could make a subscrip-
tion which was binding, could not the Corporation
of Georgetown, upon the same petition, levy taxes
which should be binding? In other words, if they
could contract the debt without law, can they not
pay it without law? If so, why come before
Congress for this law?
Mr. DAWSON". I will answer the Senator.
The people wished the act to be done. They had
not power, under their charter* to subscribe. For
fear the railroad would fail, they rose en masse^
and said to the Corporation: " Make the subscrip-
tion for us in advance, and we pledge ourselves to
pay the taxes necessary to carry it out." That
is what they did. Now, they ask you merely to ,
give them the power of carrying out what they
desire. You say it is unauthorized. They knew
it was unauthorized, but they thought Congress
would authorize it, and they knew that if they had
the power to tax themselves, they could carry out
their subscription. If you deny them this liberty,
what are you doing? Denying to them the very
power which you granted to Alexandria whui
she was in the District, and thevfry power which
you have granted to Washington, and which is
granted by every Slate Legislature in the Union
to municipal corporations within their limits.
Mr. BROWN. My friend is altogether mis-
taken as to my position. I have not opposed
giving Georgetown authority to make the subscrip-
tion. What I am opposing now is giving George-
town authority to levy taxes to pay a debt con-
tracted without law, and which was, and is, a
nullity.
Mr. DAWSON. On the face of the bill there
is no such power vested or asked for; because
the people voluntarily, prior to the passage of this
bill, commenced a proceeding which they desire to
carry out. They do not ask you to make their
subscription legal. The bill does not purport to
do that. The only object of the bill is to give
them the power of taxation for internal improve-
ment purposes; and, if they think proper, to apply
the taxes thus received to the subscription already
made. What objection, on our part, can there be
to it? None at all, on principle. If we refuse it
to them, we shall be denying a principle which has
been in existence in this District since its foun-
dation. We purpose merely to give to the corpo-
ration the power to levy taxes to pay for stock
which has been subscribed to a railroad company.
Suppose I were to say that the object was to allow
them to subscribe for the same quantity of stock
after the passage of this bill, would anybody deny
the right to do so? Surely not; but lor the pur-
pose of acting honestly and fairly, and not de-
ceiving Congress as to the power which they
were about to grant, the petition of the people of
Georgetown, signed by nearly every man in that
city, tells you that they have done this thing as
individuals, and not in corporate capacity, and
they nsk you now to do for them what we ought
to have done for them a year ago. Weare giving-
no power which is extraordinary. The bill doe 
not propose to confirm an illegal act on the part of
the corporation, or of any individual. It is merely
vesting an o.rdinary power.
Mr. RUSK. I know very well, sir, at least I
believe I know, who will foot this bill eventually.
It will be the United States. I do not know the
amount of the stock which has been subscribed
by Georgetown to this railroad company; 1 do not
know the propriety of building the road; but I
know that it is a rival road to one already in
existence. If the citizens of Georgetown need a
railroad and will ask Congress to make an appro-
priation to aid them in building it, I will vote it
directly but not indirectly. That is not the only
authority conferred by this bill. Italsogives them
power to engage in a system of obtaining water
for Georgetown. More, it giver, authority to &et
up gas-works, and light the city with gas.
Now, sir, I object to the bill. We shall have
eventually to pay this subscription. I do not
.know the amount of it, nor do I know the propri-
ety of building the road, or the public convenience
which will be subserved by it. I object, therefore,
I to giving the Corporation of Georgetown the power
J to oppress their own citizens by taxation, when I
have the evidence before me that they have con-
tracted a very large debt by subscribing for stock
without any sort of authority at all. i object to
giving them the power to tax their, own citizens,
first to enter into a visionary scheme for a railroad,
next into a visionary scheme for water-works,and
lastly into a visionary scheme of gas-works. As
a test question, I move that the bill lie on the
table; and on thatl ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the Senator will with-
draw the motion for a moment, to enable me to
say a word.
Mr. RUSK. I will withdraw it if the Senator
will renew it.
