1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
are now on the table, should follow the others as
speedily as possible to the other House. For one,
I do not mean to debate a single one of these bills,
and I believe my friend from Michigan intends
pursuing the same course. After we pass them,
■we can help the Senator from Jndiana in getting
up the other measure.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am afraid, if we wait until
that time, we shall never reach it. We are now
on the business of the District of Columbia, and
this motion, of course, is to suspend the prior order
of business.
Mr. STUART. No, sir.
Mr. BRIGHT. Clearly so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller.)
The question was taken on the motion to proceed
to the consideration of the District business, and
that was agreed to. Then the Chair asked the
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] to indicate
the first bill which he wished to have taken up.
This motion, of course, dispenses with that bus-
iness.
Mr. TOOMBS. As that decision, I u nderstand,
rules out the motion of the Senator from Michigan,
I move to take up House bill to reorganize the
courts of the District of Columbia, and to reform
and improve the laws thereof.
Mr. STUART. That motion is not in order,
according to the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The last bill
under consideration was disposed of; and as soon
as that wag done, the Senator from Michigan
obtained the floor and moved to proceed with other
business. His motion is, therefore, in order.
Mr. TOOMBS. The bill to which 1 alluded is
one of very great importance to this district, one
which would have been brought before the Senate
at a previous time but for my absence from the
city. I should be very much gratified if the Sen-
ate would now take it up and dispose of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
-is on the motion of the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. DAWSON". I think 1 may be pardoned
for saying a word on this motion as chairman of
the Committee on the District of Columbia. We
know the unfortunate event which deprived that
committee of its late lamented chairman, [Mr.
Norris.] The business has devolved on three of
us who remain in the city; we have discharged
the duty imposed upon us as far as our industry
■would permit us to do. We have prepared fifteen
bills for this District. Two of them have been
acted on this morning. The Senator from Michi-
gan says we have had nearly two hours to legis-
late for the District, and that the friends of the last
bill which was under discussion argued it for half
an hour. Sir, who created the necessity for the
argument? Those opposed to the measure, for I
proposed, in the beginning, to go on without a word
of discussion. We have passed two bills out of
the fifteen, and now it is proposed that the busi-
ness of the District shall be no further regarded.
I hope the Senate will proceed in accordance with
the order which was made this morning to take
up the bills for the District and pass one or two
others, and then the committee will have dis-
charged their duty; and this is the last time, while
1 am on this floor, that I shall ask to take up the
business of the District. This but confirms my
opinion that the representatives of the people
should always have a responsibility to the people
which may be brought to bear upon them.
Mr. SEWARD. Let us not neglect that por-
tion of the country which has no representative
here. Let us give it a hearing.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I have tried
in vain, to-day, as I have done heretofore, to get
at the question of whether the Senate will take up
business without discussion; but it cannot be
done. The Senator from Georgia has misunder-
stood me. I said that upon .he question of the
priority of business, this morning, the Senator
and his friends took up half an hour in discussing
it, and we are now discussing it again. I wish to
say, because this sort of discussion puts a Sen-
ator in a wrong position, that there is not a gen-
tleman on this floor more anxious than«I am to
dispose of the bill for the reorganization of the
Judiciary of this District; but the Senator from
Georgia wishes to take up a proposition to make
a railroad across the Potomac river.
Mr. DAWSON. Not at all.
Mr. STUART. I so understood the Senator
from Georgia.
Mr. DAWSON. It is a bill for tbe purpose of
authorizing a feiry across the river.
Mr. STUART. Precisely; and it involves the
question of making a railroad to the depot in this
city. Now, I am not disposed to yield the public
interests of the country for the purpose of consid-
ering that vexed question here to-day, when it is
of no importance to this District. If the Senator
from Georgia will follow the indication of the
honorable Senator from Indiana, and agree to take
up the District Judiciary bill, and submit, as a
test question, whether the Senate will take up the
bill of the House or not, (because, in no other
way can it be passed at this session,) 1 shall yield
to it with the greatest pleasure. If, however, it is
to come up and to be discussed, to be talked about
for five or six hours, until midnight to-night, and
all the rest of the session, 1 am not in favor of
passing over all the public business for that pur-
pose. 1 say again, if Senators will submit to the
Senate a test question as to whether the body will
take up and pass the House bill, I am ready to
agree that it shall be taken up.
Mr. WALKER. Very well, let us have a test
on that.
Mr, STUART. I withdraw the motion with
that understanding.
Mr. EUTLER. If it is to be supposed that
we are to take it as a test question to pass the
House bill, i am bound to say that I shall not
only speak myself, but I know other gentlemen,
my ^friend from North Carolina [Mr. Badger]
particularly, and others here, will go very much
at large into the subject of judicial tenure; and I
give notice that 1 cannot consent to anything
being done with that bill in the way of passing it,
unless 1 can state my objections to it.
Mr. STUART. Then I renew my motion,and
I ask for a vote upon it.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Senator will withdraw
that motion, I will make the one which he indi-
cated some time ago with the view of ascertaining i
whether it be the pleasure of the Senate to act on
that question during this session.
Mr. DAWSON. If my friend from Indiana
will wait for a moment, in order to gratify the
wishes of the Senate and continue with the busi-
ness of the District of Columbia, I will move to
take up the next bill in order, to which, I suppose,
there will be no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from Michigan to insist on
his motion ?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. BADGER. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, B.iyard, Bell, Benjamin, Brain-
rrrt, Butlor, Cd^s, Clia^e, Fe^senden, Geyer, Gwm, Mason,
Pearee, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Shdell, Stuart,
Wade, Wells, Wilson, and Wriglit—*21.
NAYS—Messrs). Adam*, Briplu, Dawson, Fitzpatriek,
Gillette, Johnson, Morton, Thompson of Kentucky,
Toombs, Walker, and WeJler—11.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON. I think it due to myself to
say now in behalf of the District of Columbia,
that I have endeavored to do what I thought right,
and hereafter, whenever the Senate feel a disposi-
tion to pass any legislation for the benefit of the
District, only signify it to me, and I will make a
motion to take up that business.
Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to say, in reply to the
Senator from Georgia, that lest iptimation should
not be given by the Senate as to the time they will
desire that bill to be taken up, I shall, on every
occasion when it is proper and appropriate for
me to do so, submit a motion to take it up, unless
somebody else does. 1 refer to the District judi-
ciary bill.
COLLECTION" DISTRICTS IN OREGON.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first bill
in order is a bill to establish the collection districts
of Cape Perpetua and Port Orford, in the'Teiri-
tory of Oregon, and to fix the salaries of the offi-
cers of the customs therein.
Mr. STUART. My motion was to take up
the internal improvement bills which were the
special orders.
Mr. PETTIT. I hope the Senator will allow
the bill which has been announced from the Chair
to be passed. It will not take more than a minute.
Mr. STUART. I know it ought to be passed,
and I have no objection to it.
There being no objection, the bfli was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole, reported to
the Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
HARJ&OR OF WAUKEGAN.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
on the Calendar is the bill for continuing the im-
provement of the harbor of Waukegan, in Illinois",
upon Lake Michigan.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and reported to the Senate without amend-
ment. It proposes to appropriate $16,000 for the
purpose expressed in its title.
Mr. ADAMS. I understand that the Commit-
tee on Commerce recommended that this bill
should not be passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Committee on Com-
merce made an adverse report on these special
bills, and reported a general bill; but the Senate
sent that general bill back to the Committee on
Commerce, with a direction to report separate
bills, and so I presume that the bills which we
previously reported on adversely should now be
regarded as favorably reported on.
Mr. ADAMS. It appears on thfe face of the
bill to have been reported adversely by the com-
mittee.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Louisiana
is slightly mistaken. This bill was reported be-
fore instructions were sent to the Committee on
Commerce. That committee, in obedience to
those instructions, have reported a general bill,
specifying the particular appropriations for the
lakes, and that general bill covers this case. Thia
bill should, therefore, be passed by, and the other
one taken up, because that covers this.
Mr. ADAMS. Then I move that this bill lie
on the table.
The metion was agreed to.
LA ICE HARBORS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
on the Calendar la a bill making appropriations
for the improvement of certain harbors on the
northern lakes.
The bill was read and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to appropriate
the following sums of money to be expended,
under the superintendence of the Secretary of
War, for the repair, preservation, and completion
of public works, heretofore commenced under the
authority of law:
For the improvement of the harbor of Burling-
ton, Vermont, on Lake Champlain, $18,000; for
current expenses of the steam-dredge on Lake
Champlain, $7,500; for the harbor of Oswego,
New York, on Lake Ontario, $91,000; for the
harbor of Sodus bay, Cayuga county,New York,
on Lake Ontario, $14,500; for the haiborof Sodua
bay, Waynecoumy, New York,on LakeOntario,
§10,000; for the harbor (Charlotte) at the mouth
of Genesee river, New York, on Lake Ontario,
$24,000; for the harbor at the mouth of Oak Or-
chard creek, New York, on Lake Ontario, $14,500;
for current expenses of steam-dredge on Lake On-
tario, $7,500; lor the harbor of Buffalo, New York,
on Lake Erie, $33,000; for the harbor of Dunkirk,
New York, on Lake Erie, §30,000; for'the harbor
of Erie, Pennsylvania, on Lake Erie, $25,500; for
the haibor of Ccnneaut, Ohio, on Lake Erie,
$11,500; for the harbor of Ashtabula, Ohio, on
Lake Erie, $13,500; for the harbor of Fairport,
(Grand river,) Ohio, an Lake Erie, $13,000; for
the harbor of Cleveland, Ohio, on Lake Erie,
i>10,000; for the harbor at the mouth of Black
river, Ohio, on Lake Erie, §10,000: for the harbor
of Huron, Ohio, on Lake Erie, $13,500; for the
harbor of Sandusky city,, Ohio, on Lake Erie,
§128,500; for the harbor (Monroe) at themout'nof
the river Raisin, Michigan, on Lake Erie, $10,000;
for current expenses of the steam-dredge on Lake
Erie, §7,500; for the St. Clair flats, Michigan, on
Lake St. Clair, §45,000; for the harbor at the
mouth of Clinton river, Michigan, on Lake St.
Clair, |5,000; for the harbor (Grand Haven) at
the mouth of Grand river, Michigan, on Lake
Michigan, §20,000; for the harbor of Black Lake,
Michigan, §20,500; for the harbor of St. Joseph,
Michigan, on Lake Michigan, §18,000; for the
harbor of New Buffalo, Michigan, on Lake M'ch-
igan, §16,000; for the harbor of Michigan city,
Indiana, on Lake Michigan, §19,000; for the har-
bor of Chicago, Illinois, on Lake Michigan,
