928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24.
fcvenue of approach now vfithoutdefettseS. But it is plain
that tins remaining unguarded, all oar efforts elsewhere
may bo neutralized. The enemy, turning awaj from the
vaumis defended channels of access, will seek the one
which is open to his advance. Why this avenue was not
provided for in the original defensive system for New Or-
leans I aui notable to divine ; but it is now incumbent upon
us to close it at the earliest day practicable."
That is from Colonel Totten. The report goes
a little further, and if Senators desire, I will con-
tinue the reading, but I do notthinkitis necessary.
This is part of the regular system of fortifications
which ought to have been included in the bill of
last year, but which, as my colleague explained,
we gave up in behalf of the other defenses of the
country, in order not to jeopard the passage of
appropriations for their benefit.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I wish to inquire of my
friend from Louisiana whether the sum is suffi-
cient?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir; this will com-
plete the defenses. Let me read what is said in
the report on that subject:
"The water being shoal, the lake is navigable only for
small steamers and boats; hence our preventive means
need be only upon a reduced scale. The total cost of the
battery and tower specified was estimated, when they
were designed some years since, at $100,000, Allowing
foi increase of prices, I think it likely that the works may
be now completed lor $125,000, provided this silm be ap-
propriated in a single grant, bo that we may be able to avoid
the expenses arising from interrupted and protracted opera-
tions. The defenses can be finished in about a year from
the lime when we get possession of the proposed site of the
work."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
CONTINUANCE OF TRIALS.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I desire the
Senate now to pass a bill to amend a. defective
provision of the judiciary act applying to the city
of New York. It is a bill which I propose to
introduce, after consultation with the Committee
on the Judiciary, who say it is very nccessary
that it should be passed. It will take no time, I
am sure. If any question be raised, I shall not
'"nsist upon it. I ask leave to introduce the bill,
and to have it acted on and passed now.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
introduce a bill to prevent mistrials in the district
and circuit courts of the United States, in certain
cases, and it was read twice and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to enact
that the trial or hearing of any cause, civil or crim-
inal, in any district or circuit court of the United
States, which has been commenced and is in pro-
gress before a jury, or the court, shall not be
stayed or discontinued by the arrival of the period
fixed by law for another session of the court; but
it shall be lawful for the court to proceed with the
trial or hearing, and bring it to a conclusion in
like manner and with the same effect aSif another
stated teimof the court had not intervened.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JUDICIARY OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senate passed a num-
ber of internal improvement bills, and they then
went on to fortifications bills. The business of the
District of Columbia was postponed to give way
to those matters. As they have been disposed of
I move to take up House bill to reorganize the
courts of the District of Columbia and to reform
and improve the laws thereof.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The-bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole
Mr. RUSK. The Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Badger] has gone to his rooms rather indis-
posed. lie is very anxious to be present when
this bill shall be acted upon. He requested me, if
it should be taken up, to ask that it might be post-
poned or he be sent for.
Several Senators. Send for him.
Mr. RUSK. As it is nearly four o'clock, I
move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ments reported to the bill by the Committee on the
Judiciarv.
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Shall the ques-
tion be taken on agreeing to the amendments alto-
gether or separately?
Mr. RUSK. Separately. I insist on a division.
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the first amendment of the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The amendment was to strike out the first
section in the following words:
" That so much of the acts of Congress heretofore pftssed
as create the circuit court, the district court, the orphans'
court, and the criminal court of the said District, be, and
the same are hereby, repealed; and all said courts, and the
offices ofjudges and other officers thereof be, and thesame
are hereby, forever abolished."
Mr. PETTIT. If any gentleman desires the
floor upon this question,! shall yield to him with
the greatest pleasure; but if no one desires to
address the Senate on the subject, I simply wish
to say that I hope this amendment of the commit-
tee will not be agreed to. I deem it all-important
thatth« bill shall be passed as it came from the
House. I believe it is well guarded in every
respect. It is true it abolishes the old judiciary
system here, and creates a new one —the judges to
be appointed, as all other officers are appointed,
and as these were formerly appointed, by the
nomination of the President, and the confirmation
of the Senate. The Committee on the Judiciary,
by a majority vote—for they were not unanimous
by any means—recommended these alterations;
but I hope they will not be agreed to.
The bill has been drawn up by a gentleman
who has had long practice in these courts, [Mr.
May,] who knows all about them and all their
defects. I will add, that, in my judgment, nine
tenths at least, in fact, I believe nineteen twen-
tieths of all the bar, and of all the people of the
District who know anything about the subject, or
have any interest in the courts, u'.e desirous that
the bill should be passed as it came from the
House. I shall not say anything further upon the
subject, unless there shall be something said
which, in my judgment, requires it.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I am not now
prepared to go on with the discussion of this bill.
Are gentlemen serious in insisting now upon the
House bill? My friend from North Carolina,
[Mr. Badger,] I know, has prepared himself very
well upon the question involved in the tenure of
these judges. I am prepared to vote, for myself;
but I think courtesy to him requires that he should
have an opportunity to be heard. When my friend
from Indiana says that nineteen twentieths of the
bararein favor of abolishingthe offices, or in other
words, removing from their places the present
judges under the tenure by which they hold their
offices, I beg leave to say to him that he is mis-
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to make a motion to adjourn ?
Mr. BUTLER. I consent to the motion. This
is one of the greatest questions which can be dis-
cussed, and it should be fully considered.
Mr. SEWARD I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays on
the motion, but they were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. GEYER. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the bill until Monday, and make
it the special order for one o'clock on that day.
Mr. GW1N. I am opposed to making any
special orders for next week until our appropria-
ation bills shall be finally disposed of. If the
Senator from Virginia fMr. Hunter] were here,
1 am sure he would never consent to making this
or any other bill the special order for next week
in preference to the appropriation bills.
Mr. BRIGHT. This morning the Senator
from Virginia who has charge, on the part of
the Senate, of the financial business of the coun-
try, announced that he would yield this day for
other business, but that on Monday next he must
insist on the Senate taking up the appropriation
bills, and there was not a dissentient in the Senate
to that course. There was not a Senator that
said, "No." His suggestion was agreed to by
general consent. I am sorry that he is not present
now, but if he were, I know he would object to
making other bills the special order in preference
to the appropriation bills. The chances are, I think,
that we can dispose of this bill to-day. We sat
here last night until twelve o'clock, and we can do
it again. If the Senator from Virginia were here
to assent to an arrangement, he might agree to
make it the special order for Monday at eleven
o'clock, and leave the appropriation bills to come
up at the regular time. In His absence I think we
had better gs on with the bill. One thing is, cer-
tain, that if we yield and postpone it from day to
day, it will not become a law at this session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Missouri, to
postpone the further consideration of the bill to,
and make it the special order for, Monday, at one
o 'clock.
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 18, nays 20; as follows :
YEAS—ItTessrs. Bayard, Bell, Krai nerd, Butler, Chase,
Clayton, Dawson, Kvans, Geyer, Gwin, Mason, Morton,
Pearee, Ku^-k. Sumner, Toucey, Wade, and Wilson—]8.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bright, Brodhead, Brown,
Cooper, Dodge of Wisconsin,Douglas, Fitzpatrick, Hunter,
Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Petlit, Seward, Slideli, Stuart,
Toombs, Walker, Weller, Wells, and Wright—20.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the first amendment of the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. BUTLER. As my friend from Georgia ia
intrusted with the bill, 1 hope he will explain that
feature of it. I think it very probable, from the
present temper of the Senate, and the indications
which I see around me, that the amendment will
be voted down; but I know that my friend from
North Carolina has taken this subject deeply to
heart, and has prepared himself with a very elab-
orate argument upon it. I am not prepared to go
on myself; but I know that no excuse of that kind
will avail, and I intend, therefore, to submit my
views. I hope, however, the Senator from Geor-
gia will explain—as the matter has been intrusted
to him—some views which were entertained by
the committee.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, it is not at all
my purpose to enter into a general discussion of
this bill; but I can very readily reply to the ques-
tion which the Senator from South Carolina has
asked. For myself I should desire to have the
amendments of the committee adopted; and I
expected that we should be able to carry them;
but inasmuch as I find that the gentlemen of my
committee who were willing to vote for the great
body of the legislation contained in the bill, with
the amendments, seem to have united, in their
votes and actions At least, with those who want
it not, I have cooperated with those who desire
legislation on this subject.
The object of the first section, which the Com-
mittee on'the Judiciary propose to strike out, ia
to get rid of all the judges in the District of Co-
lumbia. The bill comes plainly and distinctly to
its object. It conceals nothing. It proposes to
remodel the entire judiciary of this District. 11 ia
the opinion of some gentlemen—not that I fully
concur with them—that the abolishment of all
existing courts, and making new courts and divid-
ing the jurisdiction among those courts, is legit-
imate. I do not wish to go into that question at
all. _ It was decided in 1801, during the adminis-
tration of Mr. Jefferson,after very elaborate argu-
ment. If your object be to get rid of your judges
by evading the constitutional provision in refer-
ence to the tenure, it would be a violation of the
Constitution; but, if you find that the existing
system does not work well, that it is a bad system,
(though you cannot annihilate the jurisdiction, for
that must exist somewhere,) you can get rid of
all those courts which are badly constructed, and
all those judges who are unfit. That is the object
of those who have originated this bill. I do not
concur to the whole extent with them in both
propositions which they have stated, and partic-
ularly the last one, but the first 1 do maintain.
There is, however, one fatal objection which I
have to the bill as it came from the House, and
unless the provision which I consider unconsti-
tutional be stricken out, I cannot support the bill.
I believe that these are constitutional courts, and
that the tenure of the offices of their judges cannot
be restricted by this Legislature. That is the
only point which I am not prepared to yield, in
order to give the bill of the House to the people
of the District. One amendment of the committee
is to strike out the provision fixinga term of years
to these judges, and I ajji in favor of that amend-
ment. This amendment, however, is to strikeout
a section of the bill which sweeps away ail the
courts of the District, gets rid of their judges, and
authorizes a new system. "It meets the question
