1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
933
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I have, also, an amend- j
ment which I propose to offer to this bill, and I jj
ask that the came leave to print may be accorded ;|
me. ij
Leave was granted. !!
Mr. HENN made a similar request, and ob-jj
tained leave.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES. !|
Mr. DISNEY. The first motion which 1 wish j]
to submit is, to discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union from the bill 'i
providing for the sale of military and naval re-;,
serves. As chairman of the Committee on Pub- ■
lie Lands, I had it so referred under the supposi- '
tion that the Committee of the Whole on the state j
of the Union was about to proceed to the consid- j;
eration of territorial business. ;i
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does the gentle- ,
man from Ohio propose to present a report from ;
his committee.
Mr. DISNEY. The gentleman from Tennes-:
see will recollect that the bill in question is one ii
reported from the Committee on Public Lands. ■
Supposing that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union was about to dispose of!'
territorial business, and to have a day set apart ;
for that purpose, that reference was given to the j
bill. I now desire to have that committee dis- '
charged from its further consideration. i
Mr. JONES. I object to bringing this matter !|
on now. li
Mr. DISNEY. I hope the gentleman will with- j
draw his objection. I would state to him that :]
there is no authority any where now to sell these !'
reserves. ;;
Mf. JONES. I cannot help it. We have not ,1
got time now to consider it. j
GRANTS OF LAND TO OHIO.
Mr. DISNEY. I am directed by the Com- }
mittee on Public Lands to report back Senate bill j;
(No. C) granting to the State of Ohio the unsold ij
and unappropriated public lands remaining unsold
in said State. The committee propose to amend
by striking out all after the enacting clausc, and
insert the following:
That the selections oflanil by the State of Ohio for canal
purposes under the act of '2d March, 18-27, and the 24th
May, 1828, be, and the same are hereby, confirmed.
The committee report adversely to the Senate
bill, and propose the amendment which I have
indicated. It is simply to confirm the land selec-
tions which the State of Ohio has made some
twenty-five or thirty years ago. They are long1
since cultivatablefarms; but there is some dispute
and the Land Office, as there was heretofore with
as to the settlement of the question between Ohio
Indiana and Illinois. The Committee on Public j
Lands is willing to have this dispute settled as it i
has been heretofore settled in many other States.
The question was taken on the amendment; and ,
it was adopted. I
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I propose the follow-
ing amendment to the amendment, if I am in order; J
That the vacant and unappropriated lands m the Virginia j
military district m Ohio be, and the same are hereby, granted I
to said Stale, to be di«por-«d of in such manner as the
Legislatute of said State may direct.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's colleague
has the right to the floor, and still claims it. The ;
amendment of the gentleman, therefore, is not in |
order.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask my colleague to accept!
it as a modification of the amendment reported ,
with the bill.
Mr. DISNEY. I should like to oblige my col- ;
league, but I am decidedly against the proposition
be has submitted, and so is the Committee on
Public Lands. I ask the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The following amendment was then read:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert.
That the selections of land* b> the State of Ohio for canai
purposes, under the act of the 2d of March, 1827, and the -
act of the 24ih of May, 1828. be, and the same aie hereby, ;
continued.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to a
third reading; and having been read the third time,
it was subsequently passed.
Mr. HENN. I move to amend the title of the
bill, in order to make it correspond with the body
of the bill, so that it will read as follows;
An act to confirm canal selections in the State
of Ohio.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
So the title of the bill was amended.
Mr. DISNEY. I am instructed by the Com- i
mittee on Public Lands to report back Senate bill !
(No. 352) entitled "An act extending in certain ;
cases the provisions of the act entitled an act to i
extend preemption rights to certain lands therein i
mentioned," approved March 3, 1853, with the :
following amendment: . ;
In siuh line, after the words ;; Mai.son Kougc,"to insert 1
the words " De Bastrop grant." !
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to a
third reading; and having been read the third time,
it was subsequently passed.
Mr. DISNEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report back Senate bill
(No. 364) granting bounty land to Susan Palmer,
without amendment.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and having been read the third time, it wa3 sub-
sequently passed.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
RIGHT OF WAY THROUGH KANSAS.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report back House bill
(No. G65) granting the right of way to the Wyan-
dott and Pawnee Railroad Company through the
public lands in Kansas Territory; which having
been read the first and second time by its title,
was then ordered to a third reading.
The bill was then read through by the Clerk.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 understand
that there is a blank in the bill.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I propose tofilltheblank
with the words "one mile." I desire to say a word
in explanation to the House. In the treaties
with the Delaware and Pottawattamie Indians,
the United States reserved the right to establish
roads through the reserves, and by the treaties the
owners of the railroads are bound to pay for the
right of way. The Committee on Public Lands
have had the treaties before them, and understand
its provisions.
Mr. McDOUG-ALL. 1 oiler the following
amendment to the bill.
Jlnd beit further enacted, That the provisions of this bill
be extended to all railroad companies llmnigh the 'Territo-
ries of the United States and the State of California.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Willthegen-
tleman from California yield to me a moment, that
I may inquire of the delegate from Kansas if this
proposed railroad runs through lands to which
the Indian title is not extinguished
Mr. WHITFIELD. Itdoes. Itruns through
the Delaware and Pottawattamie reservations; but.
by the treaty with those Indians, the United
States have the right to establish roads through
the reserves, on condition that the owners of the
roads pay the Indians for the right of way. The
treaty has been examined by the Committee on
Public Lands, and they are satisfied that the
owners get nothing but what they pay for.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not see what right
the Government has to grant the right of way.
Mr. WHITFIELD. That right is reserved by
the treaty.
Mr. McDGUGALL. I desire to say to the
House that the amend ment which I have proposed
, is merely to extend the provisions of the bill, if
' passed, to all the Territories and the State of Cali-
fornia.
; The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
California suspend for a moment. There is a
blank in the bill, which the Delegate from Kansas
! proposes to fill with "one mile." That amend-
1 ment is not yet disposed of.
, Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. The usual width
for a road is, 1 believe, one hundred feet.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I would say to the gen-
■ tleman from Alabama, that the blank I propose to
fill, has reference to the distance on each side of
. the road within which the company may take
materials for the construction of the road, and not
to the width of the right of way.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. Then I move to
amend by striking out 11 one mile," and inserting
in lieu thereof, " two hundred yards."
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I understood
the gentleman from Kansas to say, that the right
of the Government to grant the right of way for
railroad purposes, was reserved by treaty, but 1
do not understand him to say that any right is
reserved to the United States to grant the right to
take timber and other property from the land
within any distance whatever. It therefore seems
to me, that, by the passage of this bill, we should
| be encroaching upon the rights of the Indians,
i Mr. HOWE. I have the treaty before me, and
, I will read it for the information of the House.
The twelfth section of the treaty is as follows:
j "In the settlement of the country adjacent to the Dela-
j ware and Pottawatomie reservations, roads and highways
1 will become necessary, and it is agreed that all roads and
i highways laid out by authority of law shall liave a light of
way through the reserved lands on the terms that the law
provides for their location through the lands of citizens of
the United States. And railroad companies, when the line
of their roads necessarily pass through said reserve, shall
have the right of way on payment of just compensation
therefor in money."
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbuuy Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, inform-
ing the House that the Senate had passed a joint
resolution explanatory of an act passed August 3,
1854.
Mr. EASTMAN. I wish to say to the House
that the bill just sent in by the Senate was recom-
mended by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office. It will take but a moment for the House
to pass it. I ask that it may be taken up and
acted upon now.
Mr. COBB. What is it?
Mr. EASTMAN. It is an explanatory act,
] and declares that it was the intention of the act of
I Congress, approved August 3, 1854, and that the
j same shall be continued, to give to Wisconsin in
| aid of improvement of the navigation of the Fox
! and Wisconsin rivers a quantity of land equal,
| mile for mile of its improvement, to that granted
i to Indiana under the act of Congress approved
1 May 9, 1848.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
I The SPEAKER. Being objected to it cannot
,! be taken up now.
;! Mr. EASTMAN. 1 move, then, that the joint
resolution be referred to the Committee on Public
i. Lands".
>i The question was taken; and the motion was
j; agreed to.
jj RIGHT OF WAY THROUGH KANSAS AGAIN.
;\ Mr. HOWE. I wish to say that I desire to
i, interpose no objection to granting the right of way
to railroad companies through the Indian reser-
j; vation.upon such terms as would be in strict con-
j; formity to the provisions of this treaty, and upon
jj such terms as would be satisfactory to the Indians
; themselves. It would not seem, from the provis-
. ions of the treaty itself, that we have the author-
j; ity to authorize these railroad companies to enter
upon the reserved lands to take timber and other
; materials. With a provision put into the bill,
j requiring the consent of the Indians, and suitable.
1 other restrictions, so that the Indians will not be
taken advantage of, I have no objections to the
bill. My object was to call the attention of the
'! House to the provisions of the treaty, leaving it to
i; the judgment of the House to interpose such
restrictions as it may deem necessary.
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, as I before
remarked, the treaty gave Congress the right to
:, establish roads through the reserved lands of the
j Indians, provided the owners of the roads paid for
, them. This bill is strictly in accordance with the
i. stipulations of treaty. It ask3 tor the taking of
i nothing from the Indians except what is proposed
: to be paid for. Certainly, then, if the Indians are
; willing—and they are willing—there can be no
l! objection to the bill here. This is the explanation I
1 make, and I do not know of any other. It surely
■ must be satisfactory, and I hope that the right of
' way will be granted.
Mr. PHELPS. I would suggest to the gentle-
, man from Kansas, that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. McDougai.l] pro-
■ ' vides for the extension of the provisions of thu act
1 of 18513, so that they will not only embrace the
