1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W5
whether the pay of this class of officers is now
regulated by any lawr
Mi, SEYMOUR. I would inquire if the
amendment does not specially provide that cer-
tain laws shall be extended beyond their present
application;
Mr. MACDOXALD. That is merely the
wording of the amendment. I can change that.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Words designate things.
The CHAIRMAN, As the Chair understands
the question of the pay of this class of officers is
regulated by law, it is not in order by an amend-
ment to change the law. But if the pay be not
regulated by law, then the Chair will hold to be
in order an amendment to increase the compensa-
tion of that class of officers. Now, the Chair
has some doubt as to the provisions of the law on
the subject.
Mr. MACDONALD. I suppose that the pay
of these officers is regulated only by the appro-
priation bills of each year, and that we are here
in the discharge of that very business; if the law
exists only in the appropriation bill, it may be
changed.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I would ask the Chair this
question: Whether any officers of this Govern-
ment receive pay which is not regulated by law?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would respond ;
to the gentleman from Alabama, that many of the !
persons employed in the civil service of the Gov-
ernment receive the pay fixed by the Secretary of i
the Navy. The Chair is inclined to the opinion '
that many of the officers embraced in this amend- :
ment have their pay regulated by the Secretary ,
of the Navy alone: and the Chair would hold to
be in order an amendment to increase the compen- 1
. sation of that class. The Chair thinks, however,
that as to some of the classes of officers embraced '
in this amendment, their pay is regulated by law. '
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then, of course, the >
amendment is out of order. ;
TheCHAJRMAN. Unless the gentleman from j
Maine discriminate between these classes the
Chair will rule the amendment out of order. i
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman from Maine j
wishes to modify his amendment, and strike out j
such parts of it as the Chair rules to be out of,
order, and bring forward such as the Chair holds j
to be in order. i
The amendment was handed to Mr. Macdon'- !
ald, who presented it in a modified form, as fol-
lows: |
And that the law approved Apnl *22.including the
pa\ oftue clerk* at tiie navj'-^.ard <<• D'^tru t
of Columlia, --bill app!\ to the payor" v.n?"r?. .i>nnsiu«- ;
Then, and m-peotora of nmuer, at ail the United Suies ,
navy-\ard«. :
Mr. DUNHAM. I rise to a question of order 1
on this amendment. It strikes me to be clear that !
if tills law, to winch the amendment refers, does !
regulate the pay of these officers, the amendment ■
cannot be in order, as it proposes to change the j
existing law. And if that law, to which it refers, :
does not regulate the pay, but the pay is under the '
control of "the Secretary of the Navy, then the j
amendment is not in order, as it proposes to reg- }
ulate the pay bylaw; so that, whether this law .
does or does not regulate the pay of officers, the ;
amendment must, of necessity, change the law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the pay of writers, draughtsmen, and timber ,
inspectors m the navy-yard is regulated by the '
Secretary of the Navy, and that estimates are sent ■
in for so much as the {Secretary may deem reason- ,
able for that purpose; and itia, therefore, competent ;
for the Hou*e to mu ease the amount to be appro- ,
priated for that object if the House be willing that ;
the Secretary shall allow a larger sum. If, then, ;
it be the intention of the amendment to alter the '
mode of compensating tlua class of officers by fix-
ing their compensation now by law, the Chair
would hold the amendment to be out of order,
according to the suggestion of the gentleman from
Indiana, {Mr. Dunham.) If, however, it be de-
M£neJ simply to authorize the Secretary of the Navy
to increase the amount of compensation, the Chair
would hold that the amendment is not out of order,
But the Chair cannot determine this amendment
unless by leference to the law to which it is in-
tended to be applied.
Mr. PHELPS. The pay of these officers ia
fixed by the act of 1345, reorganizing the Navy
Department. I c.annotsay whether all of them have
their pay fixed or not. I do not know whether
the law fixes the pay of all of these officers re-
ferred to by the amendment, but it does a greater
part of them.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to make an inquiry of
the Chair. Would it not be in order for the
committee which reported this bill, to have made
in their reported bill the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Maine? And, if so, it is
clearly in order for the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to do the same thing.
(Cries of " Oh, no !"]
Mr. BANKS. The rule of the House bearing
on this question bears upon the committee that
reported the bill in exactly the same terms as upon
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. If, therefore, it is in order for the com-
mittee to have reported the bill with these changes,
it is certainly in order for the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to make them.
Mr. HAMILTON. We must consider what
the committee reports.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that,
in his opinion, the pay of writers, draughtsmen,
and timber inspectors is not fixed by law, and
that it is competent for the House to authorize an
increase of it, and to authorize an increased ap-
propriation for the purpose of enabling the Secre-
tary to make the increase. But the Chair holds
that the amendment, in the form in which it is
offered by the gentleman from Maine, does pro-
pose to make a compulsory and legal increase of
the compensation, which would be changing the
existing law. The Chair, therefore, holds that the
amendment, in its present form, is not in order.
Mr. BANKS. I take an appeal from that
decision.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
Mr. BANKS. I withdraw my appeal.
The following clause was read by the Clerk:
11 For provisions for commission, warrant, and petty ofB
cers and seamen, including engineer? and marines attached
to vessels for sea-fervice, j*6S6,*200.
Mr. STRATTON. I ofter the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of theclause just read:
But no intoxicating liquors shall be provided as a bever-
age.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order,
that the amendment offered by the gentleman from
New Jersey [Mr. Strattox] changes existing
law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair, upon the point
of order raised by the gentleman from Missouri,
decides that the amendment is not in order.
The following clause was read by the Clerk:
For increase, repair, armament, and equipment of the
Navy, inciudhn? the wear and tear of ves?ete in commis-
si on, funi for steamers, and purchase of hemp for the Navy,
$2.T99,500."
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I propose to
add the following at the end of the section just
read:
And the Secretary of the Navv shall have authority to
contract with the lowest bidder, after due advertisement,
who will >upp!y 'the Navy with water-rotted hemp for a
period r>f ftvr j ears giving preference to America'! hemp
at the same price, arid raising the test to torty-fourhuiuired
pounds on rope of" one and tnree fourths inches in circum-
ference.
Mr. PHELPS. I raise the question of order
that the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Tennessee proposes to change existing law. It
proposes to authorize the Secretary of the Navy
to make a contract for the purchase of hemp for a
longer period than that now authorized by law.
Mr. STANTON. That is true; but the' provis-
ion to which the gentleman refers was inserted
in the appropriation bill, just as I propose to
insert this amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order made by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, and decides the amendment of the gentle-
man from Tennessee to be out of order.
Mr. STANTON. I have another amendment
which I propose to offer in the same place;
The amendment was then read, as follows;
And such American h^mp as may be purchased in the
western Fhati be manufactured at the rope-walk jo
Memphis* Pro i uh'th The public authorities or that env will
th>t reoomey the navy-yaid property at toat place to the
«;overnme i, hy deeds satisfactory to the Secretary of the
Navy.
Mr. PHELPS. I a sain raise the question of
order upon the gentleman from Tennessee, that
the amendment he offers ia not in order. At the
last session of Congress we abolished the navy-
yard and the rope-walk at Memphis, The amend-
ment now submitted by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, proposes to reestablish the rope-walk and
the navy-yard at Memphis, Tennessee, upon
sueh conditions as are therein mentioned, thus
changing existing law, which I hold cannot be
done in an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair sustains the
point of order made by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, and rules the amendment out of order.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The clause of
the bill just read makes an appropriation " For
increase, repair, armament, and equipment of the
Navy, including the wear and tear of vessels in
commission, fuel for steamers, and purchase of
hemp for the Navy, of $,2,799,500." Now it ia
known, perhaps, to every gentleman upon this
floor, that we have certain hemp agencies in the
western States for the purchase of American
water-rotted hemp for the use of the Navy. It is,
perhaps, not known to many gentlemen upon this
floor that, for the last fiscal year ending the 30th
of June last, not one pound of American hemp
was purchased. Although very large quantities
i of hemp are made in this eouatry, and although
experience shows that, \$hen properly made, the
American hemp is stronger, and admits a higher
test than the Russian hemp, yet no measures have
been taken to secure it; and now, when I propose
to adopt efficient measures for that purpose, 1 am
met with the technical objection that it is not in
order to regulate the manner in which the appro-
priation shall be expended. I submit to the decis-
ion of the Chair, £ submit to the will of the com-
mittee, whether it should tie its hands upon a mere
technical question of order, and refuse to do that
which ought to be done. 1 call upon every west-
ern man, every man who represents a hemp-grow-
ing region—even the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Phelps,] himself, to answer upon what
principle it is, they can stand by and see such
injustice as this perpetrated against their own
constituents.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. Some years
ago, if I remember right, the gentleman from Ten-
nessee appealed to me to assist him in building a
navy-yard at Memphis. I did assist him. At
the last session of Congress he asked my assist-
ance in giving that navy-yard to the city. I gave
him my assistance then; will he have the kindness
to tell me what he wants I should do now ?
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from ftlinoia
is just about as accurate m the one case as in the
other, for he is inaccurate in both. 1 never asked
the gentleman from Illinois, or any o'her gentle-
man here, to build the navy-yard at Memphis. I
was not a member of this House when the appro-
■ priation for that purpose was made. Again, as to
the other point he has made—I attribute the gen-
tleman's want of accuracy not to any disposition
on his part to misrepresent the facts—it is true,
sir, that, on the last night of the last session of
Congress, to my utter amazement I was informed
that the Senate had stricken out the appropriation
for the Memphis navy-yard; or, rather, that it
had refused to appropriate the amount required
by the Navy Department for the purpose of car-
rying on and keeping up that yard,
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I wish to
ask the gentleman if he was not here beforehe was
a member of Conjressr
Mr. STANTON. Was I not here before I
carae here as a member of Congress ? I have
often been here.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Was I not introduced
to the gentleman from Tennessee by John Rashe?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir. I was not here at
the time the Memphis navy-yard was established.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I was introduced to a
number of citizens of Memphis, who requested me,
as a western man, to favor the establishment of
that yard,and 1 had the impression that the gentle-
man from Tennessee was one of them. That was
before he was elected a member of Congress. At
' any late, I was introduced to a gentleman who, I
was informed, was the Democratic candidate for
Congress from the Memphis district, and I was
told he certainly would be elected.
Mr. STANTON. 1 had not been in Wash-
1 ington for about ten years before the bill estab-
lishing the Memphis navy-yard was passed. And
: I had "not been here for ten years, up to the year
; after the bill was passed.
