1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
937
Mr. HAMILTON. That is right. Let it be j
adopted. j
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. If the gentleman j
from "Wisconsin will give way I will move that
the committee do now rise. It is getting very late
in the day, and the committee is thin.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 trust the gentleman will
not make that motion. Let us get through with j
the bill first. !
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a question of order.!
If no other gentleman has submitted the point of j
order, 1 submit that the amendment of the gentle- j
man from Wisconsin is not in order. At the last i
session of Congress we passed a law authorizing i
the Secretary of the Navy to proceed with the |
construction of six steam frigates, and to complete j
them. This amendment denies the authority to j
complete more than three of them, and therefore
changes the law of the last session. I submit that ;
the amendment is not in order. j
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I rise to a question :
of order. When the gentleman from Wisconsin
obtained the floor, he yielded it to me to move that ij
the committee rise. I submitted the motion, and I J
desire to know why the motion has not been put? j;
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair didnotunder-j|
stand the gentleman from Wisconsin to yield the
floor, and, therefore, did not recognize the gentle-
man from Indiana.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman from Wisconsin
did yield the floor, and I submitted the motion.
Mr. PHELPS. I appeal to the gentleman from
Indiana to withdraw the motion.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; I do not withdraw it.
TheCHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Wis-
consin had not the floor to makethe motion. The
Chair sustains the question of order raised by the
gentleman from Virginia, and decides the amend-
ment to be out of order.
Mr. WELLS. Is the question of order de-
batable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. WELLS. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair, and call for the reading of the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the question will
be: "Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
thejudgment of the committee?" The Chair will
state the grounds of his decision. ,i
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise to a privileged,;
question. There is certainly not a quorum pres- j
ent with which to decide the appeal. I move that ji
the committee do now rise. '
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then let us vote 1
down the motion, and have a call of the roll.
Mr. HENN. I demand tellers uponthe motion ,,
that the committee rise. j.
Tellers were not ordered. !
The question was taken; and the committee |
refused to rise—ayes 35, noes 50. :
[Cries of " Call the roll!"] _ j'
Mr. ORR. 1 ask the unanimous consent that j
tellers may Reordered, and a recount made. j:
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object, and de- ij
mand that the roll be called. i;
The roil was called, and the names of the
absentees noted.
The committee then rose, and the Speaker pro •
tempoie (Mr. Jo^e , of Tennessee) having taken j
the chair, the Chairman [Mr. Millson] reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the Union ,
generally under consideration, and particularly
the naval appropriation bill, and having found ;
itself without a quorum, had directed the roll
to be called, and had instructed him to report
the facts to the House with the names of the
absentees.
The SPEAKER pro tempore announced that
a hundred and eight—no quorum—had answered
to their names.
Mr. HENN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up Senate bill No. 621, which
provides for establishing additional land districts
in the State of Iowa. There will be no objection :
to the bill, and I hope it will be taken up and
passed. !
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No quorum
having appeared upon a call of the roll in commit-
tee, the oroposition of the gentleman is not in order. !
Mr. HENN. Will it be in order to move to j
suspend the rules, and have the motion entered ? |
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will not. No;
quorum ia present, and no motion is, therefore, in :
order, except to adjourn, and for a call of the
House.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was put; and the motion agreed to.
And thereupon, atfouroclock, p. m., the House
adjourned until eleven o'clock, a. m.,on Monday
next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 2G, 3855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slioer.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
EFFICIENCY 01? THE NAVY.
On the motion of Mr. MALLORY, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the amendments
of the House of Representatives to the bill of the
Senate to promote the efficiency of the Navy.
The first amendment of the House v/as to insert,
in the first section, after the word "duty," the
word " both."
The second was to insert in the same section,
before " vacancies," the words:
Whenever said board shall believe that said incompe-
tency has arisen fmm any cause implying sufficient blame
upon the part of said officer to justify it, they shall recom-
mend that his name be strickcn altogether from the rolls.
The section, as thus amended, will read:
That aa soon as practicable after the passage of this act,
the President of the United States s>hall cause a board of
naval officers to be assembled, to consist of' five captains,
five commanders, and live lieutenants; which board, under
such regulations as the Secietary <-f the Navy may pre-
scribe, snail make a careful examination into the efficiency
of the officer* of the giades hereinaftei mentioned, and shall
report to the Secretary ut the Navy the names nnd rank of
all officer* of the said crades who, in the judsmcnt of «ai!l
board, shall be incapable of pertoumnc pioinptly and effi-
ciently all their duty, buth ashore and afloat ; nnd whenever
*aid board shall bdievethat said incompetency ha=s ousin
from any cmi*e implying sufficient blame upon the part of
said officer to jumiy it. they shall recommend that hip name
be strickcn altogether fiom the rolls. Vacancies occurring
in said board shall be filled hv the Secretaty of the Navy,
who shall preserve the number and crades of its officers,
asatoresaid: Provided, That no officer* upon said board
shall examine into, or repoit upon, the efficiency of officers
of a grade above them.
The second amendment of the bill,as it passed
the Senate, was as follows:
Sec. 2. Andbc\tfarther enacted, That all officers who
shall be found by the said board incapable of perlormmg the
duties of their respective ofHcts, tanks, or giades, shall, if
such finding be approved by the Pie^idPnt, be placed, in the
order of tin lr rank and seniority at the time, upon a list in
the Navy Register, to be entitled the reserved list; and they
shall reccivc the leave-of nbi-cnce pay, or the furlough pay,
to which they may bo entitled when so placed, and •-hall be
ineligible to further piomotion, but f-hall be subject to the
orders of the Navy Depoitmcnt at all tunes for duty ; and
vacancies created in the aonve-service list, by placing offi-
cers on the reserved list, shall be filled by regular promotion
in the order of rank or seniority. And officeis who may
be promoted to fill the vacancies created by the reserved
list shall, while unemployed, receive only the iC leave-of
absence" or " waiting-orders" pay to which they would
have been entitled if such promotion had not been made ;
but when employed ar sea, or on other dut}, they shall re-
ceive, m addition to such "leave-of-absence" or'*' tvaitine-
orders" pay, the difference between the ■< waiting orders"
oru ieavc-of-absence" pay, and the "sea or other duty"
pay of the grade to which they may be so promoted : Pro-
vided^ That this scrutiny and reservation of officer: shall
extend only to the grades of captain, command, r, lieuten-
ant, passed midshipmen, and masters : Jir.d ir,otidedjur-
ther, That nothing in this act contained shall be held or
construed to authorize any increase of the aggregate pay of
the said grade?, or of the naval service, a-> now allowed by
law.
The third amendment of the House wa^ to
insert between the words l( be" and " placed" the
words " dropped from the rolls or."
The fourth was to amend the clause " and they
shall receive the Ieave-of-absence pay to which they
may be entitled when so placed," by striking out
" they" and inserting "those fco placed on the
reserved list."
The fifth was to add at the end of that clause
the words " according to the report of the board,
and approval of the President."
The sixth was to strike out <( sea or other
duty," and insert " the lowest sea service."
The seventh was to strike out of the-first pro-
I viso " passed midshipmen and masters," and
insert " masters and passed midshipmen."
| The eighth was to insert, after 44 and provided
further," the words:
"That all vacancies occurring in thegiade of masters
shall be filled by the promotion of the senior passed mid-
shipmen—to be entitled masters in the line ofpromotion—
who, when promoted, shall receive the pay allowed by law
tonui&teis; that the number of master* in tne line of pro-
motion shall not exceed sixty," &c.
That section, as thus amended, would read:
Sec. 2. And be it further cnactcd, Thatall officers who
shall be found by the said board incapable of performing
the duties of their respective offices, ranks, or grades,
shall, if such finding be approved by the President, be
dropped from the roils, or placed in the order of their rank
and seniority at the time, upon a list in the Navy Register,
to be entitled the reserved list; and those so placed on the
reserved list shall receive the leaveof-absence-pay, or the
furlough pay, to which they may be entitled when so placed,
according to the leport of the board and approval of the
President, and shall be ineligible to further piomotion, but
shall be subject to the orders of the Navy Departmental
all times for duty; and vacancies created in the active-
service list, by placing officers on the reserved list, shall be
filled bv regular promotion in the order of rank or seniority.
And officers who maybe p omoted to fill the vacancies
created In the reserved list shall, while unemployed, re-
ceive only the " leave of absence " or u waiting orders >f
pay to which thev would have been entitled if such promo-
tion had not been made; but when ernploud at sea, or on
other duty, they shall icceive, in addition to such '• Ieave-
of-absence" or "waitiii!* orders'' pay, the difference be-
tween the u waiting oiders'' or •' leave-of absence" pay,
and the lowest sea service pav of the p adc to which they
may be so promoted : Prm-tded, That this •seiminy and
reservation of officers shall extend only to the grades of
captain, commander, lieutenant, masters, and passed mid-
shipmen: J2nd -provided further, That all vacancies occur-
ring in the grade of masters shall be filled by the promotion
of Uieseiiioi passed midshipmen—to be entitled masters hi
the line of promotion—who, when promoted, shall receive
the pay allowed by law to master*; that the number of
I masters m the line of promotion shall not exceed sixtyj and
| that nothing in tins act contained shall be held or construed
| to authorize any increase of the aggregate pay of the said
! grades, or of the naval service, as now allowed by law.
The ninth amendment was to insert in the third
section the words printed in italics:
Sko 3 Jlntl he it farther emitted, That nothing in fills
I act contained j-hall be construed to restrict, apply to, or im-
| pair the tegular promotion ol officers in the service list of
I the Navv who may be at any tune entiled u< promotion
i consequent upon deaths, dismissals, oi resignation? in the
! naval service, nor in any manner to abudge or impair the
1 righto! the Secretary of the Navy to place any officeis upon
j turlough.
The tenth amendment was to add:
Pi:c. *1. Jind be it further cnacted, That nothing in tliia
act shall be so consnuod as to increase the aggiegate num-
ber of officers, arid that all laws, or clauses of laws, so far
as they eonlhct with the provisions of thi*  act, are hereby
repealed.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on con-
curring in the amendments of the House. That
question will be taken on the amendments gener-
ally, or separately if any Senator desires it.
Mr. PRATT. T now propose to submit as an
amendment to the amendments of the House, the
one which 1 had the honor to lay on the table
some days ago awl have printed.
Mr. MALLORY. I suggest to the Senator
, from Maryland to let us first concur in the amend-
t ments from the House.
I Mr. PRATT. Then 1 could not offer mine at
j all.
1 Mr. MORTON. I rise to make an inquiry. I
am opposed to the bill in principle and detail; but
I desire to inquire whether, if we act upon the
amendments of the House and agree to them, and
also to the amendmentof the Senator from Mary-
land, that would not be an end of the bill? Or
whether, if we reject the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Maryland, and agree to the amendments
of the House, that would not be on end of the bill,
so far as the Senate is concerned? Would it then
be in order, in other words, to move its indefinite
postponement?
The PRESIDENT. It is in order to move the
indefinite postponement of a bill at any stage of
its consideration.
Mr. MORTON. T know it would be perfectly
in order to move its indefinite postponement at
this time, but my friend from Maryland desires
1 that the Senate should first vote on his amend-
, ment. I am willing to allow his amendment to
be voted on if that will not preclude my right to
submit the motion to postpone the bill indefinitely
. after it has been voted upon; but I do not want
' to forego the ri^hl which I have of making that
■ motion.
Mr. PRATT, I apprehend that the amend-
| ment which I have proposed, if adopted^ will not
prevent the motion of the honorable Senator from
! Florida to postpone the bill indefinitely; but if the
: amendments of the House be agreed to by the
! Senate, then the bill will have finally passed, and
i it would not be competent to submit that motion
: unless a motion were made to reconsider the
i amendments. It is certainly, however, m order
i to have considered the amendment which I have
i proposed. If that amendment should be adopted,
