942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26 
city treaties of commerce and navigation in certain
cases, reported it back, with amendments.
NEW CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, submitted
the following resolution; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce beinstructed
to inquire into theexpediency of erectinga suitable building
for a custom-house, at the port of Perth Amboy, in the State
of New Jersey.
PAGES OF THE SENATE.
Mr. MORTON submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That there be paid to each of the pages in the
service of the Senate, out ofthe contingent fund, the usual
extra compensation heretofore allowed them by resolution
of the Senate at the end of the session.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was'received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Cleric, an-
nouncing that they had passed the following
Senate bills;
A bill to grant to the State of Ohio the unsold
and unappropriated public lands remaining in that
State;
A bill extending in certain cases the provisions
of the act entitled " An act to extend preemption
rights to certain lands therein mentioned," ap-
proved March 3, 1853; and
A bill granting bounty land to Susan Palmer.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
had signed the following bills, which were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States,
for the year ending June 30, 1856; and
A bill for the relief of Lot Davis.
PUBLIC BUIUHNGS AT BARNSTABLE.
Mr- SUMNER offered the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he in-
structed to consider the expediency of erecung a building
for a custom-house and post office at Barnstable, in Massa-
chusetts.
PAY OF SENATORS.
Mr.SEWARD submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate pay, under
the direction of the President of the Senate, the usual per
diem to Mich Senators as did not take their seats at the
opening of the session by reason of the sickness of them-
selves or their families, providential cdu es, or necessary
business.
MESSAGE FRO&I THE HOUSE.
A menage from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,announced that they
had passed the to I owing bill and resolution of the
Senate:
A bill for the relief of Mrs. Helen Mackay, ad-
ministratrix of Lieutenant Colonel iEneas Mackay,
late a deputy quartermaster in the United States
Army; and
A joint resolution accepting the sword of Gen-
eral Andrew Jackson, and returning the thanks of
Congress to the family of the late General Robert
Armstrong.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN TENNESSEE.
Mr. PETTIT. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred House bill changing
the times of holding the United States courts in
Tennessee, have instructed me to report it back
without amendment, and ask for its immediate
consideration.
The Senotc, as in Committee of the Whole,
considered the bill.
No amendment being proposed, it was reported
to the Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 am directed by the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, to whom the subject
was referred, to submit a report, accompanied by
a bill, for the relinquishment to the State of Ken-
tucky of the stock held by the United States in the
Louisville and Portland Canal Company, with a
view of making that canal free; and for the con-
struction of a public canal for the use of the Army
and Navy, trade, travel, and commerce, and pas-
sage of the mails on the Indiana side of the falls
of the Ohio, and for other purposes. The report
and bill have been very carefully prepared by the
Senator who now presides over the Senate, [Mr.
Bright,] who at that time was chairman of the
Committee on Roads and Canals. A majority of
the committee do not approve of it; and it is only
on account of the peculiar situation of the gentle-
man who, after long consideration, prepared it,
that I now present it to the Senate.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. PEARCE. I-am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Library to report a joint resolution
respecting the distribution of certain public docu-
ments. I ask that it may be read twice, and I
shall then explain it in a very few words, and ask
for its passage.
The joint resolution was read twice, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole, it will
direct that the ten copies of the Journals, and
other documents of Congress, authorized by law
to be deposited in the library of Congress, by sec-
tion three of the joint resolution of May 4, 1828,
shall hereafter be deposited with the Secretary of
State for foreign exchanges; that the fifty copies of
the Journals and documents*of the Senate and
House of Representatives, ordered to be placed
in the library of Congress for foreign exchanges,
by the resolution of July 20, 1840; and the fifty
copies of the Journals and documents of the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, authorized to be
deposited with the Secretary of the Senate by the
joint resolution of April 20, 1844, shall hereafter
be deposited with the Secretary of the Interior;
that instead of the one hundred copies of the
Journals and documents authorized to be printed
by the joint resolution of April 30, 1844, there
shall hereafter be printed fifty copies only; that
the Journals and congressional documents here-
tofore deposited in the library of Congress by the
authority of that resolution, and so many of the
four hundred copies of the public documents in
the Department of State as are now distributed by
that Department to the colleges and other literary
institutions, shall be deposited with the Secretary
of the interior for di-stribution to such colleges,
public libraries, atheneums, literary and scientific
institutions, as may be designated by him; that
all the copies of the Journals mentioned, so far as
they have been saved from the late fire, shall be
reserved for the library of Congress; and that in
future six copies only of the Journal and docu-
ments, and of any book printed by either House
of Congress, well bound in calf, shall be depos-
ited in the library, and not taken therefrom.
Mr. PEARCE. I can explain very briefly the
motives for reporting that resolution.
Several Senators. There is no necessity for
an explanation.
Mr. PEARCE. Very well; if the Senate will
pass it on faith, I shall say nothing.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all the
prior orders, for the purpose of taking up the
Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. PETTIT. I hope that motion will not
prevail. When the Senate adjourned on Satur-
day last, the judiciary bill for the District of
Columbia was before us, and I hope we shall pro-
ceed with the consideration of that, and dispose
of it.
Mr. HUNTER. It is well known that I gave
way on Saturday with the understanding that we
would take up the appropriation bills to-day.
We have but this week to act upon all the import-
ant appropriation bills of the session; it seems to
me, therefore, that we cannot safely postpone
them any further.
_ Mr. WALKER. I shall vote against the mo-
tion of the Senator from Virginia with the express
belief that if we do not take up the bill proposed
by him, we shall go on with the consideration of
the judiciary bill for this District. That is the
unfinished business of the last legislative day. I
am in favor of taking up the unfinished business,
and going through with it, so that I may have it
to say, that m the last session of Congress in
which I am to have the honor of having a seat
here, we did finish one subject before we took up
another.
Mr. HUNTER. The effect of that wilt be,
that we shall spend to-day and to-morrow debat-
ing the judiciary bill, and we shall have no time
left for the appropriation bills. I ask for the yeas
and nays on my motion. 1 wish to do my duty
as regards this bill.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Vir-
ginia moves to postpone the unfinished business
of Saturday, that being the bill to reorganize the
courts of the District of Columbia, and reform and
improve the laws thereof, in order to take up the
Post Office appropriation bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SLIDELL. I desire to ask the Chair for
information, what is the first order?
The PRESIDENT. The unfinished business
of Saturday.
Mr. SLIDELL. And that is the judiciary bill
for this District. I regard its postponement as
tantamount to its loss. I shall, therefore, not vote
in favor of the motion of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The PRESIDENT. The first question is on
the postponement. Then will come up the ques-
tion of taking up any other bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish simply to suggest to
to the Senate what we have before us in refer-
ence to the appropriation bills. It is known that
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill has not
yet been acted upon, and the subjects which it
embraces are known to the Senate.
The question being taken by yeas-and nays on
Mr. Hunter's motion, resulted—yeas 30, naya
12, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Brain-
erd, Brodhead, Butler, Cass, Chase, Clayton, Cooper,
Davv&on, Evans, Fessenden, Fitzpatnck, Toot, Gever, Gil-
lette, (Iwin. Hunter, Mason, Morton, Pearee, Seward,
Shields, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Wade, Wells,
and Wright—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bright, Brown, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Douglas, Johnson, Pet! it,Rusk, Sebastian,Siidell, Toombs,
Walker, and Weller—12.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The Post Office appropriation
bill is now before the Senate.
ThePRE^IDNT. No, sir. It requires a vote
to take it up.
Mr. IIUNTER. I submit the motion to take
it up.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill from the House of Representatives making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1856.
The bill was debated, and passed with amend-
ments.
[The debate on this bill will be found in the
Appendix.]
RESERVE AT ST. PETER'S RIVER.
Mr. STUART. I ask the Senate now to take
up a bill, which has been lying on the table for
several days,, of very great importance to the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota. It wiil require but a very
few minutes to act upon it. The bill to which I
allude is House hill to amend the act approved the
26th of August, 1852, entitled " An act to reduce
and define the boundaries ofthe military reserve at
St. Peter's river, in the Territory of Minnesota,"
and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. CHASE. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the first section:
Jlnijmvitcialso, That tlie heirs of Stephen Johnston
he, and th'y are hereby, confirmed in the location ofthe
lands applied for under the certificate or warrant issued to
said heirs 111 virtue of the provisions ot the acts of 20th
July, 1840, and 3d of March, 1847, for the relief of saiS
heirs, so far as the same do not interfere with the settle-
ment and improvement of an actual settler or settlers at
the time said location was applied for.
* object to that amendment,
and 1 hope the Senate will not agree to it.
Mr. CHASE. I ask that the letter which I
hold in my hand, which T have received from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, may
be read. 3
The Secretary read it, as follows:
General Land Office, February 17, 1855.
Sir: In answer to your oral inquiry of this mornm* I
have the honor to state, that the location for the heirs'of
Stephen Johnston within ilie former limits of thp militarv
reserve at Fort Bnelliug can be secured to them by the
