944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26.
members to submit motions, and still retain it
himself.
The SPEAKER. The practice has been for
members to yield the door for that purpose.
Mr. PECKHAM. To make an independent
motion?
The SPEAKER. To make an independent
motion. It is a very convenient practice, if not a
regular one. It has been the practice for members
holding the floor to yield for explanation, or to
submit amendments. The gentleman from Ohio
would have the right to offer the amendment him-
self, and he has the right to yield the floor to the
gentleman from Missouri to offer it.
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 objected because the gen-
tleman refused to yield the floor to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dickinson] to transact
equally important business.
Mr. PHELPS. I now move to strike out all
after the enacting clause of the bill, and to insert
as follows:
That Ifte provisions of the act entitled "An act crawling
the right of way to rail and plank roads, and Macadamized |
turnpikes passing through public lands belonging to the i
United States," approved August 4,1852, be. and theeamc
is hereby, extended to the public lands in the Territories ot
the United States.
On the 4th of August, this right of way was
granted through the public lands situated m the
States, but not through those in the Territories of
the United States. My amendment proposes to
extend the provisions of that act to the public lands
in the Territories, thereby avoiding the necessity
for this special legislation. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. There is an amendment
pending to the original bill to strike out" one
mile," and insert " one hundred yards."
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I offered, that
amendment, and I now withdraw it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Phelps's
substitute; and it was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time, and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended so as to conform to the
action of the House.
Several Members here addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Disney] is upon the floor for the purpose of
making reports from the Committee on Public
Lands, which is the business in order.
Mr. DICKINSON. Will the gentleman from
Ohio give way to me for a single moment, to en-
able me to report a resolution from the Committee
on the Library ?
Mr. DISNEY. I have no discretion upon the
subject. 1 am acting under positive instructions
with respect to the course which 1 shall pursue.
More than two applications have been mode to
me by gentlemen who have matters to bring before
the House, which will "only take one minute."
I repeat that I have no discretion in the matter,
and cannot yield.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
will proceed.
VIRGINIA. MILITARY DISTRICT IN OHIO.
Mr. DISNEY, from the Committee on Public ij
Lands, reported back, with a recommendation !
that it do pass, a bill allowing the further time of ;|
two years to those holding lands by entries in the [|
Virginia military district in Ohio, which were:;
made prior to the 1st of July, 1853, to have the |j
same surveyed and patented. ij
The bill was-read in exlenso. :
Mr. DISNEY. I will only say to the House
lhat the object of that bill is merely to correct an i
error of the enrolling clerk at the last session, by (|
which the word "on" was enrolled "or," making !,
nonsense of the bill. It simply proposes a re- j1
enactment of a bill passed last session. ;
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read [
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-;
ingly read the third time. I
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 move that the bill do lie j
upon the table. !
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. 1 hope the gentle-,
man from New York will withdraw that motion, ;
and hear me for a single minute. , I
Mr. PECKHAM. I decline to withdraw it. ;
Mr. TAYLOR. The bill only corrects a single !
error in the enrollment of a bill passed last ses-
sion.
[Cries of "Order!" " Order!"]
The question was then taken on Mr. Peck-
ham's motion, and the House refused to lay the
bill upon the table.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. The Speaker has laid down a rule, that he
will recognize the chairman of the standing com-
mittees, so as to further legislation that affects
the general interests of the country. Now, to a
certain extent, I can appreciate that rule which
has been laid down by the Chair, but it seems to
me that it is being carried out too stringently. If
the House will indulge me, I desire to make a
suggestion. Under the rules of the House, gen-
eral appropriation bills can be taken up by a ma-
jority vote, so that the bills appropriating money
to pay the current expenses of the countryjpmnot
be jeoparded by putting them in the same condi-
tion as other bills, which can only be taken up
under a suspension of the rules, by a two third
vote. There are seventy four or seventy five new
members here, who are not familiar with the rules
of the House, which are verjj complex, and they
are stricken down,and their interests are compelled
to suffer under the rule that the Speaker has estab-
lished.
The gentleman from Ohio, as chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands, has reported two
bills this morning, and yet the Chair, under this
rule, permits him to retain the floor, and as one
bill is disposed of, to report another, until all the
business confided to that committee shall have
been disposed of. Now I submit to the Speaker,
what benefit that rule of the House allowing the
rules to be suspended any time during the last ten
days of the session can be to us, under this strin-
gent rule.' I want it to be understood, that 1 do
not mean to be discourteous to the Speaker, be-
cause I am satisfied that the Speaker has tried to
do justice to us all, but I think the construction
he has given to the'rules wrong in itself.
The SPEAKER. If the Chair were to fol-
low the suggestion made by the gentleman from
Georgia, he would give the floor to him, and the
consequence would be, that of the two hundred
and thirty five gentlemen wanting the floor, the
gentleman from Georgia would alone be gratified
by the Chair having departed from his duty,
under the rules, which is to announce the business
in order under the rules. That is all the Chair
has done. During the morning hour reports are in
order from the Committee on Public Lands. The
Committee on Public Lands is now being called,
and the Chair recognized thegemleman from Ohio
to make reports from, that committee.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the Speaker does not
understand me as meaning in any way to reflect
upon the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Not at all; but the Chair
wishes to state to the gentleman from Georgia the
difficulties which would arise in following his sug-
gestion, because it is impossible that all the gen-
tlemen on the floor can be heard, and all the bills
acted upon, on which action is desired by them,
and in the opinion of very many that impossibility
will be attended by hardships. The Chair is
aware of the existence of that fact. But the Chair
would say to the gentleman from Georgia that
he is only executing the rule, not laying down
any new rule. And the rule, as the Chair under-
stands it, is that it is in order to call for reports
during the morning hour. Reports from the Com-
mittee on Public Landts are now in order. When
the morning hour will have expired, then other
business may b  taken up.
Mr. PECKIIAM. I desire to inquire from the
Chair whether it has-not been the practice of the
House to call for reports of committees, and to
allow but one report to be made from each com-
mittee ?
The SPEAKER. The Cnair never knew any
such practice to he followed in this body.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the Chair
one question.
The SPEAKER. It must be by leave of the
House, and of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Disney,] who is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DISNEY. I yield to the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] for an inquiry.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 wish to know whether it
is not in order, if I can get the floor at any time
during the morning hour, to move to suspend the
rules, arid go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union for the purpose of taking
up some of the general business?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide that
point when it arises. Under a certain state of the
case it would be, while under another state it
would not be. The gentleman from Ohio is,
under the rules of the House, entitled to tlie floor.
If these rules are wrong, the House can- alter
them at its pleasure.
LANDS FOR RAILROADS IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. DISNEY. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands to report back, with one
amendment, Senate bill (No. 84) granting to the
State of Michigan lands in alternate sections to
aid in the construction of iheOakland and Ottawa
railroad, and a railroad from the Grand Rapids
to the Straits of Mackinaw, and a railroad from
Pontiac via Pere Marquette river, Manitowoc and
Ontonagon river, to Kewana Point, with a branch
to the vicinity of Carp river, upon Lake Superior.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio to yield me the floor for the pur-
pose of offering an amendment to the amendment
proposed by the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DISNEY. I yield the floor for that pur-
pose only.
Mr. PERKINS. I send up to the Clerk's desk
the amendment which I wish to offer.
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Disney.) Is it the
purpose of the gentleman from Ohio to have this
bill put upon its passage ?
Mr. DISNEY. It is.
The SPEAKER. Then is it the desire of any
gentleman on the floor to have the bill read ? It
is very long.
Mr. LETCHER, and others. Yes; let it be
read.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the bill be laid
upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is on thefloor, (to Mr. Perkins.) The gentleman
from Louisiana will stale where his amendment is
to apply.
Mr. PERKINS. I offer the amendmentto the
bill introduced by the gentleman from Ohio, or to
so much of it as deserihes one of the railroads
mentioned therein—the Shreveport and Louisiana
railroad.
Mr. DISNEY. Then I understand the gentle-
man from Louisiana merely offers that as an
amendment to that part of the bill descriptive of
a particular road.
Mr. PERKINS. That is so.
The bill was read in cxtenso by the Clerk.
The amendments reported by the- committee
were then read as follows:
St^ke out nil of the first section down to the proviso,
and insert the following in lieu thereof:
" That to aid in the construction of a railroad from the
Grand Rapids to the Straits oi Mackinaw, and a railroad
from Pontiac via Pere Marquette river, Manitowoc and
Ontonagon river, upon Lake Supetior, there shall be, nnd
hereby Is granted to said State a quantity of land equal to
one half ol six sections in width on each side of the line of
said roads respectively, to be taken of the vacant lands in
the odd numbered sections within fifteen miles on eaehside
of and nearest to said road, where sufficient lands for that
purpose can be found vacant in each lateral tier of sections,
and nototherwise; and the lands remaining to the Govern-
ment in the even numbered sections, coextensive with the
selections for said roads respectively, shall not be sold for
less than double the-ordlnary minimum price. . The said
State shall also be authorized to take from the Government
lands wiiliin the said limits, free of cost, the necessary ma-
terials of timber, earth, stone, gravel, Ste., for the construc-
tion of said roads respectively, with the necessary culverts,
bridges," &c.
Strike out sections two and three, which read as fol-
lows :
Sec.2. rfnd he it further enacted, That the sections, and
parts of sections of land, which, by such grant shall remain
to the United States within six miles of each side of said
roads and branch, shall not be sold for less than double the
minimum price of the public lands when sold, nor shall
any of ilie lands hpcome subject to private enlry until the
same shall have been "offered to be sold at the increased
price.
Sec. 3. rfnihe it further ennded, That the said lands
herebygranted to said State shall be subject to the disposal
of the Legislature ihereof, for the purpose aforesaid, and
no oiber; and the said roads shall be, and remain a public
highway for the use of the Government of the Umtod States,
tree from toll or other charge upon the transportation of
any property or troops of tile United States.
Mr. DISNEY. The amendments reported by
the Committee on Public Lands are simply to
strike out the balance of the words provided for
in the Senate bill.
