THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
Mr. HUNT. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
if he will not accept a modification of the amend-
ments reported by him?
Mr. DISNEY not answering the question,
Mr. HUNT. I asked a question of the gentle-
man from Ohio, and have received no answer. I
am accustomed to be treated with civility,
Mr. DISNEY. The question which the gen-
tleman asks should be addressed to his colleague,
and not to me.
Mr. HUNT. I would aslc my colleague to
accept a modification of his amendment so as to
include the New Orleans and Opelousas railroad,
and also the New Orleans and Jackson railroad.
This would embrace all the railroads in Louisiana.
Mr. PERKINS. I feel a very great interest,
Mr. Speaker, in the passage of every bill which
affects Louisiana; but I cannot, under the circum-
stances, yield to my colleague. If I did so, I
would endanger the fate of not only the bill now
before the House, but all the other Louisiana bills.
Mr. HUNT. 1 have nothing to say, except
that I desire the House to keep its eye upon the
course of favor.
Mr. DISNEY. The amendment reported by
the House is simply to strike out the various roads
provided for in the Senate bill, leaving only two
roads, one from Pontiac, terminating at Lake Su-
perior, and anothenoad fiom Grand Rapids, term-
inating at Mackinaw. These two roads are pro-
vided for in the Senate bill. For the satisfaction
of the House, I announce here, that it is not my
purpose to make a speech upon tins subject; nor
will I inflict upon the House any argument to
show the propriety of passing this or any other
kindred bills. Enough has been said already
upon this subject. By way of a general statement
of facts, I now proceed to apprise the House that
this bill piovides for four hundred and nineteen
miles of railroad, embracing a grant of one mil-
lion six hundred and forty-four thousand acres of
uncultivated land. In order to dispose of this
matter I call the previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
Mr. PERKINS. I ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdraw his motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would like to obii-e the
gentleman, but I cannot withdraw the demand.
Mr. JON ES, of Tennessee. I move to suspend
the rules, and that the House resolve itself imo the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PERKINS. I appeal to the courtesy of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Disney] to with-
draw his demand for the previous question. 1
was under the impression that I hod the floor, as j
I was certainly recognized by the Speaker.
Mr. WARREN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] was not entitled to the floor ;
to make the motion he did, as the gentleman from 1
Ohio [Mr. Disney] had not yielded the floor. The j
gentleman from Ohio called the previous question, i
The gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Perkins] j
rises in his place, was recognized by the Chair, j
and appealed to the gentleman from Ohio to with- j
draw the demand for the previous question, and
the gentleman from Louisiana had never yielded
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Disney] demanded the previous question.
The gentleman from North Caiohna [Mr. Clikg-
mast] rises m his place, was regular!)' recognized
by the Chair, and moved to lay the bill upon the
table. At that point the gentleman from Louis- ,
jana [Mr. Peukins] rose and appealed to the gen- |l
tleman from North Carolina to withdraw his dc- ;
mand for the previous question. The gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] then moved that the ,
House resolve itself into the Committee of the j
Whole on the state of the Union. i
Mr. PERKINS. The gentleman from Ohio, j
[Mr. Disxey,] as I understand it, withdrew the j
demand for the previous question, in order that I ,
might have five minutes to explain the amendment j
I have offered to this bill. j
The SPEAKER. The Chair heard nothing of I
that arrangement at all between the two gentle- [,
60
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1855.
New Series....No. i
men. If made at all, it must have been made after
the gentleman from North Carolina moved to lay
the bill upon the table.
Mr. PERKINS, i appeal to the gentleman
from North Carolina to withdaw his motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Committee on Public
Lands has taken up too much of the time of this
House already. If I could, I would lay every one
of these land bills upon the table. I cannot with-
draw the motion I made.
Mr. PHELPS. I move the usual resolution
to close debate in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the naval appropriation
bill in five minutes after the committee shall have
resumed its consideration.
The SPEAKER. That motion would take
precedence of all other motions.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution to close debate upon the
naval appropriation bill was adopted, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put; and the latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I withdraw the
motion that the rules be suspended to go into the
Committeeof the Wholeon the state of the Union,
in order to let the vote be taken upon the bill.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. 1 would appeal,
if it is in order to do so, to the gentleman from
North Carolina to allow me five minutes to ex-
plain this amendment.
[Cries of " Order!' "Order!"]
Mr. WHEELER. I object to it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg leave to say to my
friend from Louisiana, that 1 would do anything
I could consistently to oblige him, but I would do
anything to abolish entirely the Committee on
Public Lands, and I have been of that opinion for
twelve months past; and under such circumstances
I cannot withdraw my motion.
Mr. WALSH. I insist upon the regular order
of business.
Mr. WARREN. As the gentleman from North
Carolina has made an attack upon the Committee
on Public Lands, 1 desire to respond to it.
Mr. PERKINS. I would inquire of the Chair
if a motion to suspend the rules, to enable me to
make the explanation I desire, would be in order.
1 only ask live minutes to explain an important
amendment.
M r. MATTESON. I object.
Mr. PERKINS. Is it not in order to move to
suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order to move
to suspend the rules were it not that there is a mo-
tion pending to lay the bill upon the table which j
has precedence. |
Mr. PERKINS. I then ask permission to i
write out and print the facts and statistics which j
I have desired to state in connection with this •
bill  I
[Cries of" Agreed !" " Agreed !"] |
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objection. !
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the '
yeas and nays upon the motion to lay the bill
upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and resulted—yeas
98, nays 72; as follows:
VEA8—Messrs. Aiken, Appleton, Ashe, Thomaa II.
Bfniy, Bail, Benson, Boeock, Bridges, Brisfovv, Bug?,
Ca penter, Ca&kn-, (jiiacxlle*-, Oha-tam, Chn*ina , Chng-
rnan, Corwm, Oraige, Ciocker, C'uIIoiu, L'urris-, Cutting,
Dc Writ, Dickinson, Edtnund-on. John M. E'holt. Ellison,
Kiheiidae, Eveihart, Faii< v, Faulkner, Fenmn, F'a«!er,
Florence, Fuller, Gamble, Guiding.-:, Goode, Grey, 11,ami-
ton, Aaron Harlan, Haven. Hiester, Fn£f--o!l,
Daniel T. Jones. '3eon:e W". Jone*>, J.Giancy Jones, Kent,
Kerr, KhjWhU, Kiutz, Lane, Lftehei, T, ewi,, Lilly, Ljndt -
ley, McCulloch, Muodonuld, McNair. McQueen, Maurice,
!tf"ulrfh>wailh, Millson, Morrison, Murray, Nichol>\ An-
drewOhvei, Pack*-), Parke*-, Peckhain,Peunhmton, Bishop
Perkins, Powell. Proton, Prwyie, Puryear, IIhu,U> , Daviu
Ritchie, Itobluns, Tluffin, Tln«ell, Sapp, Seymour, Sliaw,
Simmon?-. William Smith, Strauh, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Ttont, Van-ant. Wade, Walley, Walsh, Wheeler, Wme,
Ilendnok B. Wright, and Zolheofler—98.
N \ys—Messrs. Abercrombie, James C. Allen, Banks,
Barksdalc, Barry, Benton, Blws, Campbell, Caruihers,
Chamberlain, Chase, Clark, Cobb, Cook, John G. Davis,
Disney, Dunbar, Eastman, Eddy, Edgertoti, Edmands,
Thomas D. Eiiot, Goodrich, Goodwin, Green, Greenwood,
Andrew J. Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Hairis,
Hendricks, ilenn, Houston, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Roland
Jones?, Knox, Lamb, Latham, Lindiey, MeDougall, Mace,
Maev, Matteson, Maxwell, Mayall, Smith IVXiller, Morgan,
Nohie, Noiion, Olds, Mordeeai Oliver, John Perkins,
Phelps, Richardson,.Riddle, Rowe, Sabin, Seward, Geor«'e
W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton. IJestor L. Stevens, John
L. Tnyloi, Teller, Thurston, Upliam, Warren, Eiiihu B.
Washhmne, Wells, John Wentworth, Westbrooit, and
Daniel B. Wright—72.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the hill was laid'upon the table,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has ruled that
the motion to lay upon the table is unnecessary,
as there can be no debate. The question will bfc
taken upon the motion to reconsider.
The question was put; and the motion was not
agreed to.
GRANT OF LAND TO FLORIDA.
Mr. DISNEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report back Senate bill
No. 98, with an amendment, making a grant of
land to the State of Florida to aid in the construc-
tion cf certain railroads in said State.
The bill was reported at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. DICKINSON, i move to lay the bill upon
the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Disney] has the floor, and until he yields^
the gentleman cannot make the motion.
Mr. MAXWELL. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio to yield me the floor for a moment.
Mr. DISNEY. I yield to the gentleman from
Floiida.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inform
the gentleman from Ohio that there is some con-
fusion as to the bill and amendment which he has
reported.
Mr. DISNEY. The bill which is reported from
the Committee on Public Lands is reported as an
amendment to fhe Senate bill.
The SPEAKER. The original bill willberead,
and then the amendment as reported by the com-
mittee, and the gentleman from Florida will sus-
pend unt'l that is done.
Mr. MAXWELL. I desire to relieve the
House from the loss of time which will occur from
the reading of the bill, as J. propose to submit a
substitute for it.
FRANCIS DAINESE.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the gentlemanfrom
Florida to yield fo me a moment, that 1 may re-
port, from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, a
bill, simply that it may be referred and printed,
and nothing else.
Mr. MAXWELL I have no objection; and I
yield for that purpose.
Mr. CHANDLER thereupon reported, from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, a bill for the
relief of Francis Dainese; which was read a first
and second time by its title, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, made the order of the day
for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
GRANT OF LAND TO FLORIDA AGAIN.
Mr. MAXWELL. I ask that my amendment,
by way of substitute, may be read.
The amendment was accordingly read, as fol-
lows:
That the right and privilege is hereby granted to the State
of Florida, to aid m the construction of contemplated lines
of railroad.- m sazd State, fiorn the Atlantic ocean, near the
Wand of Amelia, to Tarn],a iiay and the Gulf of Mexico,
and from Cedar Key to the north line of the State, and froth
Jacksonville to Pensaeola bay, with an extension to St.
Andrew's bay, and from Pensacola to the noith line of the
State in the direction to Montgomery, Alabama ; to select
from the lands of the United States <*\x sections to the mile
upon each side of the central line of each road, upon the
terms, and conditions hereinafter mentioned. And the right
of preemption to the l.widd so selected w hereby granted t<?
the said State of Florida, and the same shall immediately,
be withdrawn from «aie bvthe Secretary of the Interior, to
be disposed of as iiereinaffei directed. And the State of
Florida shall have the right of purchasing the land so se-
lected, for the period often years at the piice now estab-
lished by law, wLicli shall remain unaltered during that
