946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
period without graduation or reduction: Provided, That
said lands shall be selected, and the construction of said rail-
roads actually commenced, within eighteen nionthsfroin the
passage of this act, or the said land shall be again subjected
to sale and private entry under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior.
sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all land remain-
ing unpaid for at the expiration of ten years from the lime
the same shall have been selected bj Florida, shall revert
back to the UmtedStates. But in case the construction of
said roads is actually commenced, the said State may, during
the period of ten years from the time of selection, sell or
transfer its right to preemption and purchase, granted as
aforesaid, to corporations or inilividvals, but no title shall
vest in any such purchaser or grantee, until a duly certified
copy of such acts of the Legislature of the said State of
Florida, making such grants or transfer, shall be presented
to the receiver of the proper land office, and payment made
for said lands, at the price aforesaid, after which a patent
shall issue to any such purchaser or grantee in the manner
provided by law : Piovidcd, That this act shall not apply
to any lands on which there is a preemption right or actual
cultivation, nor to any reserved lands for naval or military
stations, nor to any school, saline, or mineral lands.*
Sec. 3. .And be itfurtherspacted, That the United States
mails shall be atalltimes transported on the railroads men-
tioned in this act, under the direction of tho proper officers
and for such compensation as Congress may by law direct.
The SPEAKER. There are several amend-
ments pending to the original bill reported by the
gentleman from Ohio. It is in order to perfect the
original bill, and then to perfect the substitute
proposed by the gentleman from Florida, which lias
just been read, and then to vote between the two.
Mr. MAXWELL. In order to save the un-
necessary consumption of the time of the House,
t would inquire whether the gentleman from Ohio
accepts the substitute which I have proposed and
which has just been read at the Clerk's desk.
The SP&AKER. The Chair would presume
that the gentleman from Ohio'has no such power
over the report which he has been instructed by the
committee to submit to the House.
Mr. DISNEY. I was just about making: the
same remark in reply to the gentleman from Flor-
ida. I have no power to accept the gentleman's
substitute in lieu of what I have reported as the
action of the committee.
Mr. MAXWELL. I suppose that the accept-
ance of the report might be had by the unanimous
consent of the House. My suggestion is made
with the view of saving time and progressing our
business.
Mr. WARREN. I do not suppose that tlie
gentleman from Ohio has any personal objection
to the proposition, and I trust, as that is the only
legitimate way of reaching it, that there may be
unanimous consent to the modification of the com-
mittee's report as indicated.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. DISNEY. 1 have reported the bill with
amendments, at the direction of the committee. I
have no power to change that report, although I
will say, at the same time, that I have not per-
sonally the least objection to the acceptance of
the gentleman's substitute for the bill, as amended
by the committee. The substitute is entirely ac-
ceptable. But we may as well proceed to vote;
the matter can soon be determined by the House.
I therefore call for the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 move to lay the
bill and amendments upon the table. And 1 also
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the.
Whole on the state of the Union.
[Cries of" No 1" " Let us take the .vote first on
the bill!"1
Mr. MeDOUGALL. ' Mr. Speaker, has the
morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. Is it not in order to move
that the House do now proceed to the considera-
tion of the business upon the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. It will be in order when the
Houie votes down the proposition to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I hope that the motion
to go into committee will be voted down, so that
the motion which I have indicated may be sub-
mitted.
Mr. DICKINSON. I trust that the House
will not resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union until we have
disposed of some general business, which ought
to be attended to at this time.
The question was put on gfing into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and, on a division, there were—ayes fifty.
Mr. JONES. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Witte ana
Parker were appointed.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to, the tellers having reported—ayes
forty-seven, noes not counted.
So the House refused to resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. READY. I propose to move the suspen-
sion of the rules in order to take up a resolution.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending
to lay upon the table, which is privileged over all
others, except the motion to go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I demand the yeas
and nays on the motion to lay upon the table.
The yeas apd nays were ordered.
The question was taken on M r. Jones's motion;
and it was agreed to—yeas 98, nays 66; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashe, Belcher, Bocock, Bridges, Car-
penter, Caskie, Chastain, Clingman, Craige, Crocker, Cul-
lom, Curtis, Cuttinft,Thomas Davis, Dawson,Dick, Dick-
inson, Kdmands, Edmundson, Thomas D. Eliot, John M.
Elliott, Ellison, Uthcridgc, Everhart, Faulkner, Fenton,
Flagler, Florence, Fuller, Gamble,Giddines, Goodc, Good-
rich, Grey, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Hastings, Haven,
Iiibbard, lliester, Howe, Itigeisoll, David T. Jones, George
IV.Jones, J. Glancy Jones, lCeiit, Kerr, Knhvell, Kurtz,
Lane, Letcher, Lewis, Lilly, Lyon, McCulloch, Mac-
donald, McNair, Maurice, May, Middleswarth, Smith
Miller, Millson, Morgan, Morrison, Mm ray, Nichols, An-
drew Oliver, Parker, 1'eckham, Bishop I'eikins, Powell,
Puryear, Ready, David Ritchie, Robbins, Ruifin, Russell,
Pabm, Sage, Seymour, Sliaw, Simmons, Willam R. Smith,
George W. Smyth, Slratton, Straub. Andrew Stuart,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Tracy, Trout, Vansant, Wade, Wal-
lcy, Walsh, Israel Washbuiu, Wheeler, Witte, and Uend-
rick B. Wright—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Alwrcombie, James C. Allen, Banks,
Baiksdale, Uarry, Bennett, Benson, Benton, Bristow, Bugs,
Campbell, CaiiHhcrs. Chamberlain, Chase, Cobb, Cook,
Corwin, John G. Davis, Disney, Dunbar, Dunham, Bast-
man, Bdgerton, English, Goodwin, Green, Greenwood,
Audiow J. Harlatl, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris,
Harrison, Hendricks, Henn,Houston, Ilunhes, Kiioi>I,.mil),
Latham, Limlley, McDougall, Macv, Matteson, Maxwell,
Mayall. Norton, Mordecai Oliver, John Peikiris, Phelps,
Pratt, Thoma^ Uitchey, Howe, Sapp, Seward, Singleton,
Ilestor L. Stevens, Johu L. Taylor, Thurston, Tweed,
Upham, Warren, Elhhu B. Washburne, Wells, John Went-
wortti, Westbrook, Daniel B. W right, and Zolhcoffer—66.
So the bill and amendments were laid upon the
table.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill and amendments were laid
upon the table.
The question was taken;'and the House refused
to reconsider.
Mr. DISNEY. I believe that I am entitled to
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House do now proceed
to the consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BENTON. I ask for the suspension of
the gentleman's motion but for a single moment.
The SPEAKER. Until the expiration of the
morning hour the gentleman from Ohio and his
colleagues upon the Committee on Public Lands
were entitled to the floor, it being in order to
call upon committees for reports. The morn-
ing hour has expired, and the gentleman from
Missouri moves that the House proceed to the
consideration of the business upon the Speaker's
table, which moiion is in order. The gentleman
from Alabama follows that motion with another
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
thestateof theUnion. That is the pending ques-
tion.
Mr. DISNEY. I would inquire of the Chair
whether I was not upon the floor and recognized
when the gentleman from Missouri submitted his
motion ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman was upon
the floor; but, under the rules of the House, the
morning hour having expired, the gentleman from
Missouii had the right to take it from him and to
submit the motion that the rules be suspended and
that the House do now proceed to the con ait] era-"
tion of the business upon the Speaker s table.
The motion first before the House, however, is
the motion that the rules be suspended, and that
the House do now resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PHELPS. My colleague desires to. sub-
mit a proposition, and I yield for that purpose.
Mr. BENTON. I ask that the Committee of
the Whole House may be discharged from the
further consideration of Senate bill (No. 170) tor
the relief of Mrs. Helen Mackay, administratrix
of Lieutenant Colonel iEnea3 Mackay, late a dep-
uty quartermaster in the United States Army.
GENERAL JACKSON'S SWORD.
Here a message was received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, noti-
fying the House that that body had passed a res-
olution accepting the sword of General Andrew
Jackson, and returning the thanks of Congress to
the family of General Robert Armstrong therefor.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I ask that the
House do now proceed to the consideration of the
resolution just brought to us "from the Senate.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky." As the cere-
mony of presentation is to be an interesting one,
and there are a great many ladies who desire to
be present^and are unable to get in the galleries, I
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
ladies be admitted upon the floor on the occasion.
[Cries of "Agreed !" " Object!"]
Mr. HAMILTON. I demand the yeas and
nays.
[Great confusion prevailed in the Hall.]
The SPEAKER, (after repeated attempts to call
the House to order.) The Chair announces to
the House that no business can be done except in
order, so long as the present incumbent occupies
the chair. If it is the purpose of the House to do
business in the present state of disorder they must
select some other person to preside in his place.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask if this motion to
suspend the rules is in order? Is there not another
motion to suspend the rules pending?
The SPEAKER. The other motion was with-
drawn.
Mr. WARREN. The gentleman from Mary-
land is surely not serious in demanding the yeas
and nays.upon this motion.
Mr. HAMILTON. Iam.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was put; and two thirds having
voted in the affirmative, the rules were suspended.
The motion was then agreed to.
The SPEAKER directed the officers of the
House to execute its order, and open the doors for
the admission of ladies.
The doors were thrown open, and a large num-
ber of ladies in attendance were admitted, occu-
pying most of the members'seats in the outskirts,
while the members themselves removed into'the
area in front of the Speaker's chair; the lobbies
were filled by gentlemen entitled to admission on
the floor of the House; the galleries were crowded
almost to suffocation; and with the sword itself
lying in sight of all upon the Speaker's desk, the
scene presented was most imposing.
After a pause of some minutes, the joint resolu-
tion was read, as follows:
resolution to accept the swordof General Andrew Jackson,
and returning the thanks of Congress to the family of the
late General Robert %/IrmUron^.
Jlctolved, That tho thanks of this Congress be presented
to the family of the late General Robert Armstrong for the
present of the sword worn by General Andrew Jackson
while ui the service of his country, and that this precious
relic be hereby acceptcd in the name of the nation, and be
deposited for safe-keeping m the Department of State, and
that a copy ot this resolution be presented to the family of
the late General llobeit Armstrong.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. In asking the
consideration of the resolution just read, justice
to the occasion requires a few remarks from me,
and I only regret that this responsibility had not
devolved upon some-one more capable than I of
performing so important a duty. '
In all ages, and in all countries, it has been cus-
tomary to commemorate the deeds of illustrious
men. Painting, poetry, and sculpture have been
brought into requisition to perpetuate the memory
of their achievements, and to keep alive, in the
hearts of the young, veneration for their ancestors,
and pride of country.
Every capital in Christendom is adorned with
monuments, erected to the brave and wise, who
