1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
947
have, by counsel or deeds, given direction to the
policy, or illustrated the pages of their country's
history. Their museums are filled with relics,
which, from their intimate personal association
with the gallant dead, ever keep vividly before
the mind their public acts and private virtues.
These teach lessons as impressive as towering
monuments or glowing canvas.
Brief as our existence has been, the history of
no nation on earth has been so frurtful of stirring
incidents—incidents which have had an influence
not only upon our own land, but upon the civil-
ized world. Tne painters' art has adorned the
wails of our Capitol with representations of some
of the most important of these events. Here we
have the first grand scene of our Revolution—the
Declaration of Independence—upon which no
American can look without experiencing feelings
of the most ennobling character. The very featui es
are preserved ofthe statesmen who proclaimed doc-
trines which startled the world from its long leth-
argic sleep; revived again the spiritof Sydney and
of Hampden, and gave the first just conception of
the true dignity and capacity of man. Their voices
are all hushed in death; but the echo of the appeal
of 1776 still lives, and is reverberating throughout
the earth, making strong the arms and hearts of
those who for their rights and liberties would
proudly welcome death and the grave.
With what glowing pride do we look upon the
battle scenes here portrayed. Battles fought, not
to further the schemes of ambition, but in defense of
freedom and universal humanity. No enslaved
people have bewailed the triumphs of our warriors,
but the whole earth has arisen and pronounced
them blessed.
The battles and victories which the artist has
here celebrated were still fresh and green in .the
memory of the people when the nation was again
called to arms to vindicate its honor and the rights
of man. Many of the leading spirits of the Rev-
olution still lived. Upon some tHe palsying hand
of time had been heavily laid, but in their hearts
the love of country and the fires of patriotism still
brightly burned. They urged the young to the con-
flict. The voice of Jefferson rang through the land
cheering the brave, nerving the arms of the timid,
and giving hope and courage to the hearts of all. The
warriors of the Revolution who still retained their
vigor buckled on their armor for the conflict. Con-
spicuous among these were Van Rensselaer, of
New York, Smith, of Maryland, and Jackson, of
Tennessee. Our countrymen, under the lead of
their gallant commanders, triumphed upon the
land and upon the sea, and established forever our
rank among the nations of the earth. The actors
in these scenes are fast passing away. But few
of the gallant leaders in this glorious war still sur-
vive, and they are fast verging upon their three-
score and ten, and must soon be gathered to their
fathers. Duty, gratitude, and patriotism should
prompt us to collect trophies of their victories, and
gamer up memorials which will speak to future
generations of their greatness and patriotism, and
which will keep the memory of their deeds of
noble daring alive forever in the heart of the na-
tion.
Not long before the death of that distinguished
chieftain, Andrew Jackson, he placed the sword
he had worn in all of his battles in the war of 1812,
in the hands of a friend, to be delivered to his com-
patriot in arms, the late General Robert Armstrong,
who had, in an eminent degree, commanded his
respect and enjoyed his confidence. These two
lamented patriots had shared together the hard-
ships of the camp and the dangers of the battle-
field; and the bestowal of this relic by the illus-
trious hero was a fit testimonial of his appreciation
of one whose courage he had seen tested on many
a bloody field, and whose patriotism had often
elicited the warmest gratitude and highest applause
of his countrymen.
It was at the battle of Enotoc.hopco, where the
little army commanded by Jackson was almost I
surrounded by the enemy, and, in the heat of j
the conflict, General Armstrong* was severely i
wounded. But he did not desert his post; and
when unable longer to wield a sword or stand upon
his feet, he clung to a small tree which stood near
him, and cried, " My brave fellows, some may fall,
but save the cannon !" Such bravery elicited the
thanks and gratitude of his commander, and made
him the woithy recipient of the favorite wetfpon
worn by him on that trying occasion.
The family of General Armstrong, actuated by
the patriotic impulses which ever characterized
their sire, have placed this sword at the disposal
of Congress. It seems to me eminently fit that it
should become the property of the Government,
and be placed among the trophies of our victories
and the mementoes of our heroes, for it is associ-
ated with the names of two of the " bravest of
the brave," and with battles the history of which
will fill the brightest pages in our country's annals.
In moving the adoption of the resolution on your
, table, accepting the sword, I do not feel called upon
I to pronounce a eulogy upon General Jackson. He
! needs it not. " God blessed him with length of
j days and he filled them wish deeds of glory,"
which have entered into the history of the natron,
and become the heritage of his countrymen.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Mr. Spfiiker, it being
my fortune to represent the Hermitage district,
where that great man lived, and where his remains
I are entombed, the House will pardon me for briefly
: giving utterance to emotions which fill me on this
peculiar occasion. The martial renown of Andrew
Jackson has become national property. But it I
must be allowed to Tennesseans to feel more than I
an ordinary interest in that renown, and in this
occasion. The brave-hearted the world over, I
apprehend, pay to his heroic spirit their true
homage; and 1 can well imagine that even the
boldest, when treading the paths of danger, walk
more erect and confident under the broad sun-
light of his chivalrous history; yet, to those who
were his neighbors when he tenanted the Hermit-
age, and who inhabit the mountains and the
valleys which sent forth the gallant men who fol-
lowed and upheld his standard in all his victories—
men, who saw this very sword unsheathed on all
his brilliant and perilous battle-fields—I say, sir,
to such a people, something more than this feeling
is but a common impulse of that human nature
which we all readily comprehend. The sons of
those gallant men are the present young men of
Tennessee. As these young men catch a glimpse
of this shining blade passing into the depository
of the nation's precious relics, howcan it be other-
wise than that their hearts will throb with quick-
ened pulsations of patriotic State and National
pride t Rest assured, sir, that they feel, and must
ever feel, a lofty and commendable State pride in
the military renown and unquestioned personal
heroism of Andrew Jackson. I hesitate not to
say, sir, that this feeling has contributed in no
small degree to the full-development of that chiv-
alric sentiment which has ever characterized the
volunteer troops of Tennessee when their country
has demanded their services in the field.
Allow me to say, sir, that I for near twenty
years have held a position of antagonism, more or
less, to those who have claimed to be the especial
political friends of General Jackson, and in that
State our contests have been sharp, animated, and
continuous, through that long period. I mention
this merely by way of suggesting that the senti-
ments to which 1 have given utterance are ex-
pressed with the more freedom from all undue
partiality or bias. They are sentiments such as
1 feel that no native Tennessean, and I trust no
citizen of any other State in our glorious Confed-
eracy, can fail cordially and heartily to respond to.
They should be held in common by the whole
American people; for this very sword, sir, gleamed
over that memorable battle field of which every
citizen of the Union is so justly proud, and which
has unquestionably given a more world-wide fame
to American prowess than any other single battle
field which has ever emblazoned the blight annals
of American warftue. Let the sword, sir, be pre-
served and transmitted carefully to posterity. Let
it be deposited, along with the sword and camp [
chest of Washington and the staff and printing I
press of Franklin, among the most precious relics !
of a grateful country, preserved and cared for as j
high incentives to the honorable ambition of Amer- I
ican youth, as long as Liberty shall have a home >
or the Union of these States an existence among !
the nations of the earth. 1
But, sir, I will here pause. I will not dwell upon j
a theme which has already been enlarged upon |
by others with so much more ability than 1 pos- i
sess. I will trespass upon the valuable time of the >
House only for a moment longer. I cannot, in j
justice to my own feelings, withhold a brief allu-
sion to General Robert Armstrong, frojoi whose
family this present is received. He was my neigh-
bor and personal friend. The confidence which
General Jackson, who knew him so Jong and so
well, reposed in the sterling qualities of his heart
and head, is itself a sufficient eulogy, requiring- no
aid from anything I can offer. 1 must, however,
say that I held him to be one of the bravest, most
magnanimous, and most truly kind-hearted men
it was ever my good fortune personally to know.
In conclusion, I need hardly add that 1 take it for
granted the resolutions will be sanctioned, not only
unanimously, but with the most cheerful alacrity
by every American Representative.
Mr. BENTON said; Mr. Chairman, the man-
ner in which this sword has been used for the honor
and benefit of the country, i& known to the worlds
the manner in which the privilege was obtained
of so using it, is but little known; even to the hv-
ing age, and must be lost to posterity unless pre-
served by contemporaneous history. At the same
time it is well worth knowing, in order to show what
difficulties talent may have to contend with, what
I mistakes Governments may commit, and upon
I what chances and accidents it may depend that
the greatest talent, and the purestpatriotism, may
be able to get into the service of its couptry.
There is a moral in such history which it may be
instructive to Governments and to people to learn.
When a warrior, or a statesman, is seen in the
midst of his career and in the fullness of his glory,
showing himself to be in his natural place, people
overlook his previous steps and suppose he had
been called by a general voice—by wise councils
—to the fulfillment of a natural destiny. In a few-
instances it is so: in the greater part not. In the
greater part there is a toilsome, uncertain, dis-
couraging, and mortifying progress to be gone
through before the future resplendent man is able
to get on the theatre, which is to give him the use
of his talent. So it was with Jackson. He had
his difficulties to surmount, and surmounted them.
He conquered savage tribes and the conquerors of
the conquerors of Europe; but he had to conquer
his own Government first—and did it—and that
was, for him, the most difficult of the two; for, while
his military victories were the regular result of a
genius for war and brave troops to execute his plans
—enabling him to command success—his civil vic-
tory over his own Government was the result of
chances and accidents, and the contrivances of
others, in which he could have but little hand, and
no control. I proceed to give some view of this
inside and preliminary history, and have some
qualification for the task, having taken some part,
though not great, in all that I relate.
Retired from the United States Senate, of which
he had been a member, and from the supreme
judicial bench of his State, on which he had sat aa
judge, this future warriorand President—and alike
illustrious in both characters—was living upon his
farm, on the banks of the Cumberland, when the
war of 1812 broke out. He was a major general
in the Tennessee militia—the only place he would
continue to hold—and to which he had been elected
by the contingency of one vote—so close was the
chance for a miss in this first step. His frienda
believed that he had military genius, and proposed
him for the brigadier's appointment which was "
allotted to the West. That appointment was
given to another, and Jackson remained,unnoticed,
on his farm. Soon another appointment of general
was allotted to the West. Jackson was proposed
again; and was again left to attend to his farm.
'I hen a butch of generals, as they were called, was
authorized by law—six at a time—and from all
parts of the Union; and then his friends believed
that surely his time had come. Not so the fact.
The six appointments went elsewhere, and the hero
patriot, who was born to lead armies to victory,
was still left to the care of his fields, while incom-
petent men were leading our troops to defeat, to
captivity, to slaughter: for that is the way the
war opened. The door to military service seemed
to be closed and barred against him; and was so,
so far as the Government was concerned.
It may be wondered why this repugnance to
appointment of Jackson, who, though not yet the
greatly distinguished, was stili a man of mark—
had been a Senator, and a supreme judge, and
was still a major general, and a mart of tried and
heroic courage. I can tell the reason. He had a
great many home enemies, for he was a man of
decided temper, had a great many contests, no
compromises, always went for a clean victory, or
a clean defeat; though placable after the contest
