050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26 >
fivi minutes in respect to the amendment which I
have offered; and if the House will hear me by
" unanimous consent, I think i will be able to show
that my amendment should be adopted.
Mr. WHEELER, and several other Members,
objected.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Wisconsin, that he will be
entitled to speak for five minutes on the question
of the appeal.
Mr. WELLS. In offering the amendment
which I have submitted, I have done so with the
view not of embarrassing the bill for the construc-
tion of these frigates. It is rather to perfect that
bill, and that the frigates may be built more com-
pletely than they are likely to be, if the work is
carried on as it now is. The amendment which
I propose is to strike out the word 14 three,"and
insert " two," so as that the bill may appropriate
$2,000,000 instead of $3,000,000, as I think the
smaller sum is as much as can be advantage-
ously expended before the next session of Con-
gress. i would state further 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) Does the
Chair understand the gentleman from Wisconsin as
discussing his appeal or the proposition which he
is now submitting? The Chair has not ruled chat
proposition out of order.
Mr. WELLS. I am discussing my amendment
by the unanimous consent of thegommutee.
[Cries of "No!" "No!")
Mr. WELLS. I am discussing this whole
question, and believe that I am in order in doing
so, and that my proposition is in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest to
the gentleman that it has never ruled out of order
such an amendment as he now proposes.
Mr. WELLS. I understood (he Chair to rule
ths amendment which I offered to be out of
order.
Mr. PHELPS. A word of explanation. If I
understand the gentleman from Wisconsin, he
submitted on Saturday an amendment. The Chair
decided that amendment to be out of order. The
gentleman from Wisconsin took an appeal. He
now withdraws his appeal, and also withdraws
the amendment which he then proposed. Hepro-
poses now tosubmttanotheramendment reducing
the amount of money proposed to be appropriated
in this clause. Insteadofappropriatine: $3,000,000,
he proposes to appropriate $2,000,000. If that be
the state of facts 
Mr. WELLS, (interrupting.) That is not the
case. I asked to be heard for five minutes on my
original amendment.
[Cries of (i Go ahead."]
Mr. WELLS. That is v/hat I am now talcing
leave to speak on; and if not again interrupted, I
think I will express my ideas in the shortest man-
ner.
As I said, the amendment which I have offered,
was offered not to embarrass the bill, or to embar-
rass the construction of these frigates. But my
design in submitting it is, that these vessels may
be the more perfect in their construction. What I
ask is, that three of them may be completed as
soon as may be; and when they are so completed,
that the Secretary of the Navy may then go on
and complete the other three. I desire this for the
very reason that, should there be any mistakes or
errors in the building of them, these errors can be
avoided in the construction of the other three. I
would state that it is the common custom of all
ship builders, and of all commercial men, that
when they wish to build a number of vessles, they
build one or two at first, and see what improve-
ments they may make in the rest. That has been
the rule adopted in the construction of theCunard
line of steamers, of the Collins line, and of all lmes
built by private individuals or companies.
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting ) The Chair
■would state to thegentleman from Wisconsin, that
he must confine his remarks to the question of
appeal. Thegentleman asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to speak to his amendment, and
that^vas refused. He is entitled to the floor for
£ve minutes on the question of appeal.
Mr. WELLS. I suppose it to be the common
custom of the committee, when no objection is
made, that the Chair should permit discussion to
go on for the space of five migutes.
The CHAIRMAN. But objection wa3 made
by several gentlemen.
Mr. WELLS. I wish to go on and state fur-
ther, that either individuals are all wrong in the
construction of their own vessels, or else the Gov-
ernment must be wrong. The two systems are
entirely different; and it is well known that the
only successful steamship that has been built has
been built by individuals, and that those built by
the Government are usually failures in the main.
For that reason it is proper, and my proposition
is, not to waste at once so much money, and to
have but three vessels constructed at once, and
then if any improvement is apparent, it can be
carried out in the other three. For that reason,
the House will see the pertinency of the proposal
which I make.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS. A few words in reply to the
remarks of the gentleman from Wisconsin. If I
'understand him, his position is this: The amount
of money proposed for the construction of the
steam frigates m this appropriation bill ought to
be reduced because he thinks it unwise that all
the steamers should be built at the same time.
That is a matter over which the Secretary of the
Navy has no control, because Congress, at its
last session, directed that six first-class steam
frigates should be built. The Secretary of the
Navy is endeavoring to execute that law in the
quickest possible time. He has now estimated
the amount which he deems sufficient to complete
these vessels; and if we should withhold any por-
tion of the appropriation proposed to be made at
the present session of Congress to be used for the
next fiscal year, you would, perhaps, retard the
construction of some two or three of these vessels,
and thereby increase their cost.
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The Chair
would remind the gentleman from Missouri that
the question 4s on the appeal pending.
Mr. KEITT. Certainly; and 1 call for the
question to be taken.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I have misunderstood
the question. I understood that the appeal was
withdrawn; and that the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Wells] proceeded to discuss his mod-
ified amendment this morning. I would not tres-
pass on the rules of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman from Wisconsin as with-
drawing his appeal.
Mr. PHELPS, (to Mr. Wells.) Did not the
gentleman from Wisconsin withdraw his appeal ?
Mr. WELLS. No; I did not.
Mr. PHELPS. Then I acknowledge that I
have been out of order; and I think the gentleman
from Wisconsin was also out of order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Oh, no; he had five min-
utes to discuss his appeal.
fCries of ** Question !" " Question !"1
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Wis-
consin submitted, on Saturday, an amendment
reducing the appropriation from $3,000,000 to
$2,000,000. The Chair ruled that amendment to
be out of order, on the ground that it was not
competent for the committee, in an amendment to
an appropriation bill, to restrict or suspend the
operations of an act of Congress. From that de-
cision of the Chair, the gentleman from Wis-
consin has taken an appeal; and the question is,
"Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee ?"
The question was taken; and the decision of
the Chair was sustained.
Mr. PRINGLE. I move the following amend-
ment:
Strike out line twenty-seven, and insert in lieu thereof
the follow mg:
To continue th« construction of the six sream fugates
authorized to lie hnilt hy act of the fn&t session of the
Thirty-Third Congress, $3,000,000.
Mr. PHELPS. I have no objection to having
the clause put in the language of t he amendment of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Pringle.]
Mr. HAVEN. Let us vote upon it now.
[Cries of" Question !" " Gluestion!"]
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. HOWE. I propose to submit an amend-
ment to the bill, to come in after the twenty-seventh
line.
Mr. PECKHAM. I move to amend line seven-
teen, by striking out the word " three" and insert-
ing the word " one," so as to make the appropria-
tion $1,000,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from New York that the twenty-
seventh line has been already stricken out by a
vote of the committee, and is not now susceptible
to further amendment.
Mr. PECKHAM. Then I propose it as an
amendment to the substitute.
Mr. PHELPS. It is incompetent for the gentle-
man from New York to move to strike oat any-
thing contained in the substitute just adopted.
Mr. PECKHAM. Very good; I can take it in
another line.
Mr. WHEELER. I.think my colleague is in
order. This line is open to amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. No, it is not.
Mr. PECKHAM. Well, certainly it is in
order to move to strike out something in the
twenty-eighth line.
The CHAIRMAN. The twenty-eighth line
is not yet read.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill:
For Stevens's war steamers, $250,OCO.
Mr. PECKHAM. I move to strike out
" $250,000," and insert " #100,000."
Mr. HOWE. Mr. Chairman, the amendment
which I desire to propose is to come in at the end
of the twenty-seventh line. Am I not entitled to
the floor?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not know
that the gentleman was seeking the floor.
The amendment was then read by the Clerk, as
follows:
After the twenty- seventh fine insert the following:
I'roiufed, That, in the construction and equipment of
•said frigates, as well as all other vessels now building, or
which may hereafter be built, eiiher for the naval or reve-
nue service, the preference shall be given to materials
which are the growth and manufacture of the United States.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order;
that the amendment changes existing law, and.
is not, therefore, m order to this appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out of
order.
Mr. PECKHAM. If my amendment be now
in order, 1 move to strike out " §250,000" and
insert " $100,000." for what purpose are theses
steamers built ?
Mr. JBOCOCK. ^ I rise to a question of order.
There are no stealers mentioned in this clause.
Mr. PECKHAM. Thegentleman is mistaken;
and he had better understand about what he is
talking.
Mr. BOCOCK. The gentleman from New
York speaks of these steamers.
Mr. PECKHAM. lam out of order by one
letter. I should say " war steamer" instead of
" steamers." For what particular purpose is this
war steamer to be constructed? To what partic-
ular purpose devoted ? Utider whose control is it
to be placed? It is to be placed under the cojitrol
of the present Administration, if the vessel be
soon enough compleied. ThePresident is Com-
mander-in-Chief of thg Army and Navy, and where
we look at the achievements of the Administra-
tion during the last session, we may well inquire
v/hether it is proper for us to place any greater
power in the hands of the present Executive? I
allude to the destruction of Grey town, and 1 do
it for the purpose of saying, in my place here,
under the responsibility that attaches to it, that I
regard the orders issued by the Executive in that
case as wholly unwarranted.
Mr. PHliLPS. I call the gentleman from New
York to order. We are not discussing the affairs
of (jrreytown.
Mr. PECKHAM. lam discussing precisely
what is in order. }
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks, if the
gentleman is arguing to show that it is not safe to
confide the management of this steamer to the
Executive, that he is m order; but he is clearly
not in order in referring to the past conduct of the
Administration.
Mr. PECKHAM. I am showing that it is not
proper to continue the construction of this steamer,
and for the purpose of continuing my remarks I
am willing to assume, or attempt to prove that it
is not proper to give to the President the control
of more war steamers.
Greytown is destroyed.
Mr. PECKHAM. Certainly, it is destroyed:
and from the past we can judge of the future use
or war steamers.
