1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot pro-
nounce at present whether the gentleman is in
order, until he shall more fully have explained his
amendment.
Mr. WHEELER. I will suggest to my col-
league that there is no danger of this Administra-
tion attacking any larger place, so he had better
let the matter go.
Mr. PECKHAM. I do not speak of this Ad-
ministration in any offensive sense. I make no
charge against its motives. I do not rise to attack
either the President or the Secretary of the Navy,
but in an appropriate manner to express my opin-
ion upon the course of the Executive in the destruc-
tion of Grey town; not to advance arguments at
. length, or to present particular facts. There is no
time for that. There has been no opportunity for
general discussion on this floor for months past.
Though I have been desirous of reviewing this
Greytown bombardment somewhat critically, yet
I should always do so with courtesy p.nd kindness,
as I conceive it involves most important principles,
and it sets a dangerous precedent. Under thisfive-
minute rule I can do little more than enter my pro-
test in this Hall against the action of the Execu-
tive on this subject, in thus assuming the right to
make war.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York is certainly out of order.
Mr. PECKHAM. If the Chair pleases, my
object is to show the improper use to which this
steamer may be applied, and hence that we should
not continue its construction, and I believe 1 am
in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
decided that the gentleman would be in order if
he submits an argument intended to show that it
is not safe to confide this steamer to the present
Executive, but he would not be in order if he
proceeds to discuss the past conduct of the Ad-
ministration.
Mr. PECKH AM. I only discuss the past con-
duct of the Administration as illustrative of its
future action, and in no other sense. Is there any
safer guide to ascertain the future? I desire to
Bay further, that this order by the Secretary of
the Navy was not only illegally issued, but it was
issued without any sufficient ground of justifica-
tion, even though he had authority to issue such
an order in a proper case.
Mr. McMULLIN. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. PECKHAM. I will leave that branch of
the subject, and go one step further. I say, that
when these orders were issued 
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN. I call the gentle-
man to order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York is certainly not in order.
Mr. HIBBARD. I hope the gentleman from
New York will be permitted to proceed, whether
in order or not. It will be satisfactory to him
individually, and trouble nobody else.
Mr PECKHAM. I trust that these questions
of order do not come out f my time. They
leave room for little else.
Mr. HIBBARD. 1 hope the gentleman will
have the unanimous consent of the committee to
proceed.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object to any gentleman
proceeding with remarks out of order.
Mr. PECKHAM. I intend to speak to the
point, and to speak in order, also.
Mr. McMULLIN. I call the gentleman again
to order.
Mr. SOLLERS. I hope that everybody will
preserve order;
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman from
New York is not in earnest in asking this com-
mittee to adopt the amendment he has offered. I
■would ask him to withdraw it.
Mr. PECKHAM. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. PHELPS. I will not trouble the commit-
tee, then, by discussing it.
Mr. PECKHAM. I offer another amendment
at this point. I move to reduce the amount con-
tained in the bill to $200,000.
Mr. BOCOCK. Then, if the gentleman offers
another amendment, he will permit me to make
1 upon him another question of order. When you
come to consider the strict rule of the House, if
a gentleman rises in his place and moves to strike
out §250,000, and to insert in its place $200,000,
he must confine his remarjcs to showthe necessity
of his amendment; that is, in this case, to show
why $200,000 should be inserted in the place of
$250,000..
Mr. PECKHAM. I shall confine my remarks
to the proper object; but I will change my amend-
ment, so as to reduce the sum to $50,000. My
beliefis, if we stop theappropriation, the construc-
tion of this steamer will not go on rapidly, and
the purpose will be obtained precisely as well, if
we appropriate but $50,000 for this steamer, as if
we should say in anotheract that the construction
of this steamer shall cease, and not be continued..
I was about to say, sir, in further illustration of
the absence of any necessity for the construction
of this vessel, that its probable use would not be
in accorda'nce with the wishes of this House, and
this Congress. I was about to illustrate that by
a further reference to this affair at Greytown,
and to show that if the ship of war Cyane had
been employed by the Executive for an unlawful
purpose, it was rational to infer that this steam
vessel might, probably, be used for a like object,
and therefore should not be completed—or if ves-
sels of war were so numerous now in the Navy
that they could be diverted from their legitimate
use without detriment to the public service, sure-
ly there could be no necessity to build more.
Having said that, in my belief, the order issued
by the Secretary of the Navy was illegal and
unfounded, without justification in factor in law,
contrary to the Constitution of this country, I
wish to go a step further, and say  
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, (interrupting.) I
rise to a question of order. I only desire to
remark, that I believe that the resolution of the
House, adopted some time since, requiring that,
for the balance of the present session of Congress,
members, in committee, should confine their re-
marks to the matter under consideration, is in
force, and would confine the gentleman now upon
the floor to showing why we should strike out
$250,000 and insert $50,000. But as he is not
doing that, I submit the point that he is not in
order in his remarks.
Mr. PECKHAM. Well, sir, I am notinclined
to disagree with thegentleman from Virginia, as to
the rule.
Mr. SMITH. Very well; if the gentleman
agrees with me, I presume he will conform to the
rule, and it is unnecessary for me to press the point
further.
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 Certainly; of course I
must confine myself within the rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say that
he desires to administer the rules of the House
correctly, and he must state to the gentleman from
New York that, while it is competent for him to
explain the reasons which operate upon his own
mind for proposing this reduction, yet there must
be some connection between the employment of
the Stevens war steamer, and the proposed policy
of the Administration.
Mr. SMITH. Ver^r well, if the gentleman
agrees with me, I presume he will conform to the
rule, and it is unnecessary for me to press the point
further.
Mr. PECKHAM. Certainly, of course I must
confine myself within the rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will say, that
he desires to administer the rules of the House
correctly; and he must state to the gentleman from
New York, that while it is competent for him to
explain the reasons which operate upon his own
mind for proposing this reduction, yet there must
be some connection between the employment of
the Stevens war steamer and the proposed policy
of the Administration.
Mr. PECKHAM. I entirely concur in the
views of the Chair; but I must be permitted to
say, at the same time, that these continued inter-
ruptions render any effort to make a connected
argument utterly useless. I must certainly, sir,
finish one part of my argument before I proceed
to another.
What was the order issued by the Secretary of
the Navy, under which Captain Hollms was sent
to Greytown ? 1 do not intend to say a word
against the gallant Captain. My friend from
Maryland [Mr. Vansant] says I must not. But
I must say that the order was carried out seem-
ingly in the same spirit in which it was issued.
It was issued without authority of law, and it
was executed, most unfortunately. But what was
the order to Captain Hollins? After directing
him to repair, with his vessel, to Greytown,"the
Secretary said that " the property of the Ameri-
can citizens interested in the Accessory Transit
Company, it is said, has been unlawfully detained
by persons residing in Greytown. Apprehension
is felt that further outrages will be committed.
Our minister [Mr. Borland] has been treated
with rudeness and disrespect;" and he added:
" Now, it is very desirable that these people
should be taught that the United States will not
tolerate these outrages, and that they have.the -
power and the determination to cli'eck them. It
is, however, very much to be hoped that yon can
effect the purposes of your visit without resort to
violence, and destruction of property, and loss of
life."
Here, it appears, he enumerated the grievances,
and then alluded, negatively, to the remedy which
might go to " the destruction of property and loss
of life."
Did the Constitution, in declaring that Congress
shall have power " to declare war, grant letters of
marque and reprisal," ever intend to vest any
such powerin the Executive as was thus conferred
upon this naval officer? Was it not intended in
thus vesting in Congress the right to "grant letters
of marque and reprisal"—a species of distress-
warrant among nations to enforce the payment of
a debt or the performance of some duty—carefully
to avoid conferring upon the Executive, under any
circumstances, without the consent of Congress,
power to involve the country in war? Arid why
was this city of Greytown, thus entirely placed,
by the Executive of this nation, at the mercy of
Captain Hollins, to destroy or not at his option ?
It was an old town; for several years subsequent
to 1848 it was under the assumed protectorate of
Great Britain, but for more than two years prior
to its destruction, it had acted independently as a
free city, with its own laws ana constitution,
adopted by its citizens. It had so acted with the
virtual, if not strictly formal, assent of both Great
Britain and this Government. Independent in
fact, no power on earth exercised control over it.
It was a peaceable town; property and person
were nowhere in Central America more secure
than in that city. But the town became involved
in a controversy with a foreign corporation called
the Accessory Transit Company, in which com-
pany certain American citizens owned stock, and
our Government was appealed to, to take'part
with the offending party, the Transit Company;
the only party whose agents, the papers before
the Executive and sent to this House, show, had
broken the peace; and our Government, forgetting
its duty and its dignity, most readily engaged in
the dispute, and destroyed the town.
The Executive ^assumed thii authority, too,
when Congress was in session, without necessity
and on an ex parte affidavit of an agent who as-
sumed to have no personal knowledge oflhemat-
ters he pretended to detail.
The papers containing all the alleged facts on
which the Executive acted have been laid upon
our tables, pursuant to a resolution of the House,
and they show, when carefully examined, no vio-
lation of law on the part of that town; no offense
or insult to our minister on the part of its author-
ities; he was not arrested or imprisoned.
If the Executive had authority to direct the
destruction of this town, why has he notauthority
to make war on Cuba? Where is the limit to his
power? What but his own will shall prevent his
involving the country in war at any time? Sir,
we have become agreataml powerful nation. Far
too great to descend to prevarication or injustice;
too great to quote the outrages of other nations to
j justify our own.
> [Here the hammer fell.]
J' Mr. PHELPS. I am opposed to the amend-
I ments submitted by the gentleman from New
' York. When the gentleman from New Yorkin-
! (heatedhis willingnessto withdraw hisamendment,
| and I abstained from discussing it, I was of the
opinion that he had come to the conclusion that he
had let off a sufficient quantity of gas for this oc-
casion. [Laughter.] But 1 found 1 was mistaken,
for he immediately offered another amendment,
and the gentleman has now come to be the advo-
cate, to a certain extent, of the repudiation of the
contract made by this Government with a citizen
of the State of New York.
