1855,
Tim COTGRESSKMAL 6L0BS.
"house," striJto out towards " towards west basin and,
launching slip."
P:s^e 7, si) line one hundred and forty-one., after (be word
u kiii'Ks,'* insert us follows : •< ,$104,670. 4
" For repairs of officers' houses, numbered frojn one to
thirteen, it-building of srpall stables, repairs Qf warrant offi-
ce. *} houses, and building of kitchens, $12,000
so that the paragraph will read :
Pensacola.—For permanent wharf, deep basin, and
dredging; coping for basin; filling in and paving; paint
shop and cooperage, (to complete;) repairs of cisterns
Nos>. 14, 25, and 26; water-pipes to permanent wharf;
guard liouse at west pate; shell house; lightning conduct-
ors* ; railway to spar-house; steam-box; fire-engine house ;
arid repairs of all kinds, $104,870.
For repairs of officers' houses, numbered from one to
thirteen, rebuilding of sma.il- sjables, repairs of warrant
officers'houses, and building kitchens, $12,000.
The committee have made this amendment con-
form with the estimates of the Department.
The question was taken; and the amendment
agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. The' Committee of Ways and
Means propose to amend the next paragraph as
follows:
Ta^e 8, in line one hundred and forty-three, after-the
word " lands," msert t: .$*2,001) j"
so that tne paragraph wi!i read :
Sackett's Harbor.—For repairs of all kinds, $3,000.
The question was put; and the amendment
agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means propose to amend the next paragraph as
follows:
Page 8, in line one hundred and forty-six, after the wor.d
" wharf,'"1 Mnko «>uf the words houses (three) for quar-
ters : repairs of all Uind-sand insert " $230,000
so that the paragraph will read:
Snn Francisco—For completing store-house; completing
blacksmiths' shop; completing carpenter*' shop ; wharf;
$230,000.
The question was put; and the amendment
agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. The next amendment is as
follows:
Page 8, in line one hundred and fortyteight, after the
word u railway," inserttl $400,000
so that the paragraph will read :
For continuation of basin and<railway, $400,000.
This is for San Francisco.
The question was put; and the amendment
agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I offer the amendment
which I Bend up to the Clerk's desk to come in at
line one hundred and ninety-eight, and I will say
to the Chair th-at, at the last session of Congress,
a similar amendment was inserted just at this point
in the naval appropriation bill.
The amendment v/as read, as follows:
And that die proyisions of the law approved March 3, '
3843, directing advertisement for material* for the Navy be
so far restored as to require a full description of each and
every article to be furnished, with date and place of deliv-
ery ; piovided the price to be paid tor all advertising for
supplies for the Government shall, hereafter, be the ^aroo,
and no more than is charged others who occupy a similar
place and position in the newspapers in which such adver-
tisement^ are published.
Mr. PHELPS. I must still raise a question of
order on that amendment. It is immaterial what
the committee may have done at the last session
of Congress, so far as the question of order is
concerned. Iam not prepared to say but that
that amendment was inserted by the Senate. 1-
I do not know where it was inserted; but, never-
theless, in my opinion, it is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I wiil state,in explanation,
that this amendment is recommended by the Bu-
reau of Provisions and Clothing, and is also
recommended by the Committee on Naval Affairs
of this House. Rejection, judgment, experience,
and observation satisfy me that it costs the Gov- j
eminent $50,G0Q more then it ou^ht to do for ad-1
"vertising, and more than it would do if this pro- j
vision were adopted. I hope the committee will
insert it.
The CHAIRMAN". The single question for
the Chair to decide is, whether the proposition be
in order as an amendment to the naval appropria-
tion hill. The Chair believes that the amendment
is nor. in order, and the fact that a previous bill
may have contained a similar proposition would
not, in the opinion of the Chair, affect the pro-
priety of its present decision.
Mr. FLOEtENCE. I do not urge that. I urge
that it is merely a modification of an existing law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 object to discussion.
Tne CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the amend-
ment out of order.
T-he Cleric then proceeded \yith ftodAishedthe
reading of the bill,
Mr. HAVEN. If this bill is finished, I d,es|re
t<? ask the committee to lay it a^ide, a«d take up
the amendments of the Senate to the Indian apr
propriation bill. I thin,k we can dispose of them
in ten or fifteen minutes, and I promise the com-
mittee that if we get into a snarl about them,
I will at once consent that the committee-shall
rise.
Mr. MACDONALD. I have an amendment
to the bill now pending, to come in as. an addi-
tional clause:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he hereby is, authorized to permit the
Sea.vy's Island Bridge Company to connect with the navy-
yard at Kittery, Maine, a bridge extending thereto from
said Seavy's Island, to such point thereon as they shall
desire, and may permit a right of way through the said
yard to s-aid bridge, under such directions and such regula-
tions as the eommand&nt of the yard, for the time being,
shall establish, under the authority of the Navy Depart-
ment : Provided, That no expense wliatevcr in connecting
said bridge with said yard, or making said way across the
same, shall be incurred by the United States; and said
bridge and *>aid right of way may, at any tune, bo discon-
tinued by the Secretary of the Navy. v
Mr. PRINGLE. I object to that amendment
as being out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is out
of order.
Mr. MACDONALD. I think, if the committee
will hear me, that it will consent to have that
amendment inserted in the bill. It is a matter
which has been recommended by the Navy De-
partment, and it has the approval of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs. It is for the accommodation
of some thirty families who have no access to
their homes save by water. It is a mere local
matter, and it is all to be under the control of the
commandant of the yard, and of the Navy De-
partment.
Mr. BOCOCK. It is all right.
Mr. MACDONALD. I hope the point of order
raised by the gentleman from New York will be
withdrawn.
Mr. PR.IN.GLE. I withdraw it.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. HA.VEIST. I would say to my friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
[Mr. Faulkner,] whom I see to be a little active
on the other side of the House, and who 1 sup-
pose desires to get up the military appropriation
bill 
Mr. FAULKNER, (interrupting.) I do.
Mr. HAVEN. I go willingly for that purpose;
but I wish to say to him that it is now nearly half
past three o'clock; and I think if we were to take
up that b'll we should make no progress on it to-
nigh.t. Cut if he would.let us take up and finish
the Senate amendments to the Indian appropria-
tion bill, 1 think we could finish them in about fif-
teen minutes; and then we can take up his bill
to-morrow.
[Cries of " Ajreed !—go ahead! "J
Mr. FAULKNER. I,#3sentto that proposal.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I move that the naval
hill be laid aside, to be reported to the House with
the action of the committee upon it.
Mr. WELLS. I wish first to propose the fol-
lowing amendment:
That the sum of-JM0,000 lie, and the s'une is hereby,
appmpriatcd, (o he paid outot any money hi tUt1 Treasuiy
liuuJilirrwibi: appropriated, fur the continuation of tile im-
provement of the* mr.in ship channel to the entrance of
Mississippi river. And that the sura of .^MO.OOO tie, and
the same r. hereby, pppropriated, to be pmci out ol any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
continuation of the deepening and improvement of the i
channel over the Kt. Ulair fiats, on lake St. Clair, Michi-
gan, and U.e improvement ol the channel of the St. Marie
river, Michigan ; to be expended under the superintendence
ol the Secretary of the Navy, or sucli officer as lie inay
appoint.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. That amendment is not in order.
Mr. WELLS. 1 think it is well known that
in reference to the steam frigates of war no w being
built, there is no harbor on the Gulf of Mexico
sufficiently deep to allow them to get in there.
And I think, therefore, that if we build them, it
is in order to provide for having the ship channels
deepened. And even if the amendment is not
strictly in order, 1 think that the importance of the
case is such as to make it appear to be in order.
I think that if we violate rules of the House for
the benefit of railroad companies, we should not
have much hesitation in violating them, for such a
ptwpose ®s this.
[Loud, cries a£ "Order!" "Order!"].
Mr. WELLS. I hope that the committee will
consider the amendment, and pass upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would wry
cheerfully hear the suggestions of the gentleman
from Wisconsin on tjie point of order. The
Chair, however, feels that his proposition is not
in order, and so rules.
Mr. WELLS. Then I respectfully take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
[Cries of "Question!"" Question!']'
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair, for reasons
which it is unnecessary to mention, roles the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Wisconsin to be
out of order. From that the gentleman takes an
appeal. The question is, "Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the commit-
tee?"
The question was taken; and t,he decision of the
Chair was sustained.
Mr. PHELPS? I now movt that the bill be
laid aside to be reported to the House, with, the
action pf the committee thereon.
The question was taken; and the bill was so
laid aside,
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. HAVEN, the committee
then proceeded to the consideration of the amend-
ments of the Senate to House bill (No. 555) making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes for
the year ending June 30, 1858.
First amendment:
Page a, line twenty, alter the word "Indian," strike out
the '•t.nb," ao as to make it read: For tho payof the several
Indian agents, he. ,
Mr. HAVEN. That is a very brief (flatter.
I think the Senate are right about their amend-
ment, and I hope the committee will concur in it.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concured in.
Mr. HOUSTON. The next two amendments
follow exactly the same rule.
Second amendment:
After the word "four" in the twenty-first line, insert, and
for arrearages of pay to one in the State of New York; one
at Green Bay, Wisconsin ; one for the Seminoles west of
Arkansas; and one for the Indian tribes m Utah, so as to
make the scction read: .
For the pay of the. several Indian agents, per act or'
31st July, 1854, and for arrearages of pay to one in the
State of New York ; one at Green Bay, Wisconsin; one for
the Seniinoles \ve.i;t of Arkansas and one for the Indian
tubes in Utah, &c.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and.
Means recommend concurrence in that amend-
ment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Third amendment:
After the word " cents" in the twenty-sixth line, insert
the following:
And the Secretary of the Interior is authorized hereafter
to employ one agent for the Indians in the State cf New
York ; one tor those at Green Bay, Wisconsin; one for the
Seminole* west of Arkansas ; and one for the tribes in the
Territory ofUtafc, at the rate of $1,000 per annum each.
The section, as amended, will read:
For the pay of the several Indian aavnts, per act of 31st
July, 1854. and for arrearages of pay to one in the State of
New Yoik; one at Green Bay, Wisconsin; one for the
Bommole- west of Arkan«*s, ami one for the Indian tribes
in Utah, $1.3,382 79 : and the Secretary of the interior is
authorized hereafter to employ one agent for the Indian*
in the State ot New York ; on« tor those at Green Cay,
Wisconsin ; one for the Semmoles west of Arkansas ; and
one for the tribes in the Territory of Utah, at the rate of
j$l,0UU per annum each.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
After the fiftv ninth line, insert the following;
For the payment of this *um due .the Cherokee?, on ac-
count of interest, between the 1st of May* 184,?, and 1st of
May, 1840, on stock* of the State of Michigan, .held in
trust by the. Secretary of the Interior, under the treaty of
1833, and the supplement of March, 1836, .$20 a*.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Y/ays and
Means recommend concurrence.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
