954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
Fifth amendment:
For expenses (in part) of selecting reservations, and sur-
veying and marking the boundaries'thereof, per second,
third, and twelfth articles of the treaty of September 30,
1854, §3,ooo.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend concurrence.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
For the payment of the first of twenty installments in
com, good3, &.c., agricultural implements, &c., and edu-
cation, &c., per fourth article of the treaty of September
SO, 1*54,$19,000.
Mr. HAVEN. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend eoncurrence in that amend-
ment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
Mr. HAVEN. I think I could save some time
by saying that the committee recommend concur-
rence in the seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth, elev-
enth, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth, fifteenth,
sixteenth, seventeenth, eighteenth, nineteenth,
twentieth, twenty-first, twenty-second, twenty-
third, twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth, twenty-sixth,
twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth,
thirtieth, thirty-first, thirty-second, thirty-third,
thirty-fourth, thirty-fifth, thirty-sixth, thirty-sev-
enth, thirty-eighth, and thirty-ninth amendments.
These amendments are aa follows:
Seventh amendment:
For the purchase of clothing and other articles, to be
given to the young men nt the next annuity payment, as
per fourth article of the treaty of September 30, 18j4,
$4,800.
Eighth amendment:
Forthe purchase of agricultural implements and other
articles, as presents for the mixed-bloods, per lourth article
ol ^he treaty of September 3D, 1854, ^G,100.
Ninth amendment:
For the payment of such debts as may be directed by the
chief* in open council, and found to be ju&t and correct by
the Sectetary of the Interior, per fourth aiucle of the treaty
of September 30,1804, $00,000.
Tenth amendment:
For lite payment of puch debts of the Hois Forte bands
as may be directed by their chiefs, and found to be just and
correct by the Secretary of the Interior, per twelfth article
of the treaty of September 30,X8o4, $10,000.
Eleventh amendment:
For the payment of the first of five Installments in blan-
ket«, cloih, Ste., to the Boh Forte band, per twelfth article
of the treaty of September 30, 1854, $2,000.
Twelfth amendment:
For the first of twenty installments for the pay of six
smiths and assi tarns, per fifth and second articles of the
tieaty of September 30, 1804, $3,010.
Thirteenth amendment:
For the firs-t of twenty installments for the support of six
ennih shops, per filth and t-econd articles of the treaty of
September 30, 1854. $1,3:10.
Fourteenth amendment:
Strike out the following:
For nineteenth of twenty installments for fhe establish-
ment of three smiths* shops, Mipporang the smiths, and fur-
nishing iron and steel, per second article of the treaty of
29th July, 1837,^3,000.
Fifteenth amendment:
Strike out the following:
For nineteenth of twenty installments for the support of
farmeis, purchase of implements, grain, and seed, to carry
on their agricultural pursuits, per second article of the
treaty ofOOih July, 1837, $1,000.
Sixteenth amendment:
Strike oyt the following:
For fourteenth of twenty-five installments for the support
of two smiths' shops, including the pay of two smiths and
assistants, and furnishing iron and steel, per fourth article
treaty 4th October, 184:2, $2,000.
Seventeenth amendment:
Strike out the following:
For fourteenth of twenty five installments for tlie pay of
two farmers, per fourth article tieaty 4tli October, 1842,
$1,000.
Eighteenth amendment:
Strike out the following :
For fourteenth of twenty-five installments for the pay of
two carpenters, per fourth article treaty 4th October, 1842,
$1,200.
Nineteenth'amendment:
For defraying expenses incurred in negotiating treaty
concluded on thp 30th Spptember, 1854, with theChippewas
ol Lake Superior, §15,74-1 71.
Twentieth amendment:
In line four hundred and forty, strike out the word
"July," and insert in lieu thereof the word " January, "so
ae to make the section read:
For eighteenth of twenty installments as annuity in
money, or otherwise, per second article treaty 13th Jan-
uary, 1839, $20,000.
Twenty-first amendment!
Line four hundred and forty-four, make like alteration,
so as to make the section read:
For eighteenth of twenty installments for two smiths
establishments, per second article treaty 11th January, 1839,
$2,000.
Twenty-second amendment:
After the word " money," line four hundred and seventy-
nine, insert the words c' or otherwise," so as to make the
section read:
For permanent annuitv in money, or otherwise, per
second article treaty 17th November, 1807, §800.
Twenty-third amendment:
Line five hondred and thirty-four, strike out the word
" fourth," and insert the woid u third," so as to make the
clause read : ,
For permanent annuity in silver, per third article treaty
30th September, lt'09, $500.
Twenty-fourth amendment: -
Line five hundred and thiity-^even, strike out the word
"fourth," and insert word "third," so as to make the
clause read : .......
For permanent annuity m silver, per third article treaty
2d October, 1818, $2,500.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
Line five hundred and forty-nine, strike out the word
"chief," and insert in lieu thereof the word "chiefs," so
as to make the clause read : . ,
Poc life annuitv to chiefs, per third article of treaty 20th
October, 1832, $f4G0.
Twenty-sixth amendment: «
Alter line five hundred and fifty-two in the same way, so
as to make the clause read :
For life annuitv to chiefs, per third article treaty 28th foep-
tembei, 1833, §700.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
Line five hundred and seventy, strike out the words
" treaties of," and inscit the words " treaty of the," so as
to make the clause read :
For permanent provision for the payment of money, in
lieu of tobacco, iron, and stpel, per second article tieaty
20th September, 1828, and tenth article of the treaty of the
5th and 17th June, 1816, $.'*00.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
Line five liundied and ninety-one, strike out the word
" treatv," and insert in lieu thereof the words " the treaty
of the," so as to make the clause read:
For interest on $643,000, at five per centum, per seventh
article of the treaty of the 5th and 17th June, 184G, $30,130.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
After the word "implement*," *n 1{ne "evenhundred and
nineteen, insert the words "and stock and in line seven
hundred and twenty strike out the woids " farmers, physi-
cian, and blacksmith, per thud article treaty," and insert
in lieu thereof ilie woids " a physician, farmers, and black-
smiths, and for other beneficial objects, per second article
treaty," so as to make the clause read :
For nineteenth of twenty installments for the purchase
of medicines, agricultural implements, and stock, and lor
the support of a physician, farmers, and blacksmiths, and
for other beneficial objects, per second article treaty 29th
September, 1837, ,$8,250.
Thirtieth amendment:
Lino fccven hundred and thirty five, stnlco out the words
" of Senate's amendment of23d June, 1852," and insert m
lieu thereof the words " per Senate*s amendment," so as
to make the clause read :
For fifth of fifty installments of interest at five per
centum, on £112,000, being the amount in heu of the res-
ervations set'apart m the third article per Senate's amend-
ment to tieaty 23d July. 16^, tOjGOU.
Thirty-first amendment:
Line seven hundred and forty-six, make like alteration,
so as to make the clause read :
For fitfli of fifty installments of interest at five per
centum, on £69.000, being the amount allowed in heu of
the reservation of lands set apart by the ihird article per
Senate's amendment to treaty 5lh August, 1851, $3,450.
Thirty-second amendment:
After line seven hundred and forty-nine insert the fol-
lowing :
For expenses of transportation of annuity, goods, and
provisions to the Sioux of Mississippi, during the fiscal
years ending 30th June, 1855,and 30th June, lbof>, $32,DUO.
Thirty-third amendment:
After the word "dollars," in the eight hundred and forty-
ninth line, insert the following proviso :
"Provided, That the superintendent of Indian affairs in
that State be authorized, should he deem it expedient, to
expend an amount note.xceedmg $.20,000 of the sum herein
appropriated, to relieve the temporary wanh> of the Indians
outiide of the reservations so as to make the clause read :
For defraying the expenses of the removal and subsist-
ence of Indians in California tothree military reservations,
in accordancc with the plan submitted by the superintend-
ent of Indian afiairs of that Stat", and approved by the
President, ? 125,G00 : Provided, That the superintendent of
Indian a (fairs in that State be authorized, should he deem
it expedients to expend an amount not exceedingi£20,000
of the sum herein appropriated, to relieve the temporary
wants of the Indians outside of the reservations.
Thirty-fourth amendment:
After line eight hundred and seventy-first, insert the fol-
lowing :
For actual necessary expenses incurred, and that may
hereafter be incurred, by officers of the Indian Depart-
ment in the rescue of prisoners from Indian tribes and re-
turning them to their homes, and for expenses incident to
jhearrest and confinement within the territory of the uni-
ted States, by order of these officers, of persons charged
with crimes against Indians, $5,000.
Thirty-fifth amendment:
To meet the necessary expenses of colonizing, support-
ing, and furnishing agricultural implements to the Indians
in^fexas, $86,'430.
For the purpose of enabling the proper department to
adopt such measures as may be necessary for opening com-
munications with the Texas Comanches and Apaches, who
have not heretofore been parties to any treaties with the
(Jmted'States, $10,000.
Thirty-sixth amendment:
For reimbursing to John W. Whitfield, late agen* forthe
Indians on the Upper Platte, the amount expended by I im
(or random from the Cheyennes, and clothing, and transport-
ation to the States, of one white and ten Mexican prisoners,
$110.
Thirty-seventh amendment:
For pay of an additional clerk of the Indian Office, under
the appropriation per act of August 5, 1854, for one year,
$1,400.
Thirty-eighth amendment:
For paying the expenses of one commissioner and tv.o
clerks employed by the Attorney General m the investigation
directed by the resolution of the Senate of 4th August, 1854,
,«£> 000: Provided, That said resolution, and any other since
adopted relating to the same object, be, and the same are
hereby,repealed.
Thirty-ninth amendment:
For collecting, removing, and subsisting the Indians of
California (as provided by law) on two additional military
reservations, to be selected as heretofore, and not to con-
tain exceeding twentv-five thousand acres each, in or near
the State of California, the sum of$15G,U03: Provided,
That the President may enlarge the quantity of resc rvations
heretofore selected, equal to tho^e hereby provided for,ana
shall not expend the amount herein appropriated unless, m
his opinion, the same thai! be expedient, and the last pro-
viso to the authority for five military reservations in Califor-
nia; per act "of 3d of March, 1853, be, and the same is
hereby, repealed: Provided, That so much of the act ap-
proved on the 31 st of July last, as requires that no more than
$20,000 shall be drawn by the* superintendent of Indian af-
fairs, or be m his hands unexpended at one and the same
time, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr." HAVEN. I suggest to the House that the
question be taken upon them in gross.
The question was taken; and the amendments
of the Senate, stated above, were concurred in.
The fortieth amendment was then read, as fol-
lows:
For the purpose of enabling the President to treat with>
and arrange the difficulties existing among the Stockbridae
ann Mnnsce Indians of Lake Winnebago, in the Siate of
Wisconsin, arising out of the acts of Congress of 3d of
March, 1843, and August 6, 1846, and the treaty of 24th of
November 1^48, in such manner as may he just to tiie In-
dians, and with their assent, and not inconsistent with the
lecal lights of white persons who may reside on the Stock-
bridge reserve, of the claim of the United States under the
treaiy of 1848, $,'1,500.
Mr. HAVEN. The committee recommend a
non-concurrence in the fortieth amendment.
Mr. ORR. I hope that the amendment of the
Senate will be agreed to. The sum appropriated
is a small one, only $1,500. A good deal of dif-
ficulty exists in that section of country* growing
out of various acts and treaties of Congress, and
I suppose it originates from the legislation of this
body. In 1843, a bill was passed making certain
of these Indians citizens, but in 1846, that bill was
repealed, and in consequence difficulty has arisen.
The amendment now before the committee is con-
curred in by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
by the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, by
the gentleman representing this particular interest
upon this floor, and by the delegates of the Stock-
bridge Indians now in this city. The sum asked
for is a very small one, and is one which, in all
probability, if adopted, will lead to the settlement
of a very long and troublesome controversy. I
hope the Senate amendment will be concurred in.
Mr. HAVEN. It is a matter of indifference
to me, and I am quite willing that the amendment
should be adopted in this case, as it involves only
an amount of $1,500. The Committee of Ways
and Means took the matter into careful considera-
tion, and they had no objection to appropriating
the amount of money here named. I am quite
willing to agree with the Senate in this amend-
ment, so far as I am concerned.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
The forty-first amendment was then read, as
follows:
For the completion of the collection of the sixth and last
volume of the statistics and other information of Indian
tribes, authorized by the act of 3d of March, 1847, and sub-
