956
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February
result was, that their sale was delayed for a long
period of time. It was alleged' that fraud had
been perpetrated by the persons who had made
the valuation. A second valuation was made; but
we subsequently agreed to pay the Wyandots the
first valuation,and then sold the lands upon such
terms as we could get, reserving* the restriction
that they should not be sold for less than the price
'put upon them by the appraisers.
As it was in that, so I think it will be in this
case. If you send gentlemen there to value this
l&nd, they being unacquainted-with the country,
it will take them some time to do it. They will
put upon it a minimum prise per acre; and not
until their report has been made to thePresident of
the United States-, and approved by him, can it
besoldat auction. By these means you retard the
settlement of that portion of country where the
land lies. And I contend that you are even doing
injustioe to the Indians, because it is better that
their lands should be sold now, if they are to lie
sold, tlian tliat their sale should be postponed for
eighteen months or two years.
These, Mr. Chairman, are some of the objec-
tions! which 1' have to the amendment. I have not
time, at this late stage of the session, to enter into
a fuli discussion of the subject. I have presented
my points briefly for the consideration of the com-
mittee. I hope the Senate's amendment, or, at
least, a part of it, shall' be non-concurred in.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Chairman, 1 had hoped that
there would have been no opposition here to the
recommendation of the Committee of Ways and
Means. I concur entirely in their recommendation
to strike out the words which have been indi-
cated. With reference to the point made by the
gentleman from Missouri, 1 will say that 1 differ
from him in Mo.
When the Delaware Indians were removed
west of the Mississippi, we conveyed to them
the land which has since been reconveyed in trust
to the United States. The Government used the
following language;
" The land shall be conveyed and forever semre,l by the
United Siaies to (he Delaware nation as their permanent
residence, and the United States hereby pledges the faith of
the Government to guarantee to the said Delaware nation
/brever the possession, &c., against the claims and assaults
of all and every people whatever."
That is the title which the Delaware Indians
had to this land. Having that title, the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affaire last summer, under the
instruction of the President of the United States,
negotiated a treaty with tUem. That treaty is
different from most of the Indian treaties which
have been negotiated by the Government; for it
provided, after securing about five hundred thou-
sand acres for $10,000—what was called the outlet
of the nation—that theremaining portion, amount-
ing to upwards uf one million of acres, was con-
veyed to the United States in trust; that the Gov-
ernment should have the land surveyed and sold
at public auction,and thatthe Indians should have
the proceeds after deducting the expenses of the
survey and sate. It was just and equitable that
they should receive these proceeds. This land
was not open to settlement after the treaty was
ratified by the Senate; but contrary to the provis-
ions of the treaty, and in violation of law, persons
wentupon itand madesettlements. They are there
upon the land now. Gentlemen ifrho are familiar
with western life, and who are acquainted with
our frontiers, know that there exists at this mo-
ment squatter organizations for the purpose of pro-
tecting themselves against paying more than §1 25
the acre, although the land may be worth twenty-
five dollars the acre. It would imperil a man's
life to go to the sales and bid more than §1 25
per acre. He would not escape with whole bones.
This fact is too notorious to dwell upon.
Then, if the views of thegentleman from Missouri
be carried out, it is proposed that you shall go on
and survey these lands, take no steps whatever
to defeat these squatter organizations, and deprive
the Indians from ever lecetvmg one dollar for their
land beyond $1 25 the acre, although they may
be worth twenty, thirty, or fifty dollars the acre.
Is it right for us to stand byand allow the I ndians
to be deprived of that which they had the right to
expect from the Government when it negotiated
the treaty ?
But the gentleman says that this is violating the
terms of the treaty. I suppose the gentlemen
who had charge of this amendment, the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands,
[Mr. Disney,] the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs in the Senate, [Mr.
Sebastian,] and myself, would consider it no
compliment to our intelligence to be told that we
could not introduce into this bill any amendment
violating the spirit or letter of the treaty. If the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] wilt refer
to this treaty with the Delawares, he will find pro-
vision made in the fifteenth article by the Indians
themselves for the very contingency which has
arisen ?
Mr. PHELPS. I am well aware of the pro-
visions to which the gentleman refers, and 1 still
say thatthe Senate's amendment proposes a cort-
dition'to those lands ceded by the Delaware Indians
, in trust to the United States, in addition to the stip-
ulations contained in the treaty.
Mr. ORR. 1 presumed the gentleman had not
read the article to which I have referred; I am still
of the same opinion. I will read it.
Mr. PHELPS. I have read it several times.
Mr. ORR". I do not have reference to the act
of March, 1807. In the fifteenth article of the
treaty, we have express authority to do the very
thing proposed to be done by the amendment
which has been concurred in by the Committee of
Ways and Means. It is in these words:
" Art. 15. A primary objcct of thin instrument being to
advance the inteiosls and welfare of the Delaware people,
it is agreed, that if it prove insufficient to eflfcel these ends,
from causes which cannot now be foreseen, Congress may
hereafter make such further, by law, not inconsistent here-
with, as experience inay prove to be necessary to promote
the interests, peace, andhappinessof the Delaware people."
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman permit me
to tusk him a question ?
Mr. ORR. Certainly.
Mr. PfeLELPS. The land is valued at two dol-
lars the acre, and persons are ready to give more
than that price 
Mr. ORR. I will answer the gentleman. I fear
that when the commissioners go there and make a
valuation of this land, that if they put it at three
dollars the acre, the sale will be a mere form.
This land has been assessed at three dollars per
acre, and they refuse to allow it to be sold for a
price less than that. Persons may be very willing
to pay three dollars per acre for land which is
worth five, six, eight, ten, and perhaps fifteen or
twenty dollars per acre. Well, sir, Llie^ same com-
bination which this amendment is intended to
provide against, for the protection of the Indians,
may prevent the land from going beyond the
assessment, although they may go through the
form and ceremony of a public sale. But if you
will place this guard, which is contained in this
amendment, around the rights of the Indians, then
if honest men go there, us I take it for granted
they will, and the land is assessed at three, four,
or five dollars per acre, the Indians will secure to
themselves that price just as certainly as they
would $1 25 per acre, now without such assess-
ment. And the advantage to the Indians will be,
that they will receiveUie assessed value of these
lands, in despite of tffe present combination. If
assessed at twenty dollars per acre, they will re-
ceive that sum before the settler can acquire any
title to the land. If the lands are not assessed,
it is morally certain they will never receive more
than $1 25 per acre, although it may be worth
fifty, dollars per acre.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it was some time beforel
>,ould bring my mind to assent to the provisions
contained in this amendment; for the reason that
persons who are now upon the Delaware lands,
for whose benefit, to some extent, this provision
is made, are trespassers. The Attorney General
of the United States, in August last, when called
upon to give his opinion m reference to this sub-
ject, decided officially that these lands were not
subject to preemption, because the United States
was not the absolute ov/ner. The United States
is the owner, in trust, for the Indians. That is
the opinion he gave the Secretary of the Interior
when interrogated as to the right of settlement and
preemption on the Delaware lands. In what light,
then, can they be regarded but as trespassers ?
Mr. WHITFIELD. When was that opinion
given ?
Mr. ORR. I do not know the precise time.
The treaty seems to have been ratified on the 11th
of July, 1854, and the opinion of the Attorney
General was published in August of the same year.
But I was going oil to explain how it was that the
honorable gentleman from Ohio, the • hfimtMe
chairman of (he Committee on Mian. Affa'W W
the Senate and myself, upon full inquiry and con-
saltation, assented to this amendment, as it stands
at the present tims, tfre proviso excepted. It
seems that, after the negotiation of this treaty,
before it was published,and before-it was certainly
known what the terms of the treaty_ were, some
persons, supposing it was precisely in ths gtiwe
terms of other treaties with these Indians, had
gone there with a-view of securing their preemp-
tion rio-hts. They, therefore, went innocently
there, and not for the purpose of violating the law,
and are entitled t<* the tender consideration of
Congress; and we'accord them that tender consid-
eration by not driving them from the Territory as
trespassers, but by sending a commissioner there
to assess their lands at their fair value; and cer-
tainly no purchaser should desire to procure them
at a less price. By that means they will be iible
to secure for themselves the hduses they h#ve
built, and the improvements they ha-ve put upon
their lands.
Mr, WHITFIELD. Does the gentleman think
the Government has any right to drive' these set-
tlers from their lands?
Mr. ORR'. Well, Mr. Chairman, that is a
question I do not care to go into-at this time, It
is very clear that they are trespassers uponthese
lands. They are there without authority oflaw,
in violation of the law, and in violation of the
treaty stipulations; and while I would not say
that it would be right to drive them off, I do say
that it would be monstrous for the assertion to be
made that the Congress of the Unitsd States had
passed an act, or the Government of the United
States entered into treaty stipulations, which ithad
not the power to carry into effect. It would1 be a
startling announcement to be made to the country,
and to the world, that the Government had not
the power to protect itself, and to enforce its own
laws and its own treaty stipulations.
But, Mr. Chairman, I do not propose to drive
these parties off. 1 think that those who have gone
there since the particular stipulations of that treaty
have become known, are not entitled to the tender
consideration upon the part of Congress which the
other class which I have mentioned are. But I
desire to do all full justice, and' to accord to them
all the consideration that is consistent with full
and complete justice to the Indians. Sir, I think
full justice will be done to the Indians by the pro-
visions of the amendment without the proviso, and
no injustice done to the settler.
These Indians are entitled, by the stipulations
of the treaty, to the full value of their lands. They
were induced to belie,ve that they should receive
high prices for some of their lands. We have
had the example of the Chickasaw Indians in
Mississippi. Some twenty years ago the United
States took their lands in trust, and was to sell
them and to pay to the Indians the whole of the net
proceeds. They had this example before them,and
the history of the transaction shows that some
of the lands were sold at five, ten, and twenty
dollars per acre. And it is reasonable to believe
that some of these Delaware lands are worth as
much as any that were sold for the Chickasaws;
and, if they are, then the Government should
secure for them ita fair value. I ask you, sir, if it
is acting in good faith; if it is carrying the treaty',
in good faith, into effect; if it was ever contem-
plated in the negotiation of the treaty, by which
the Government took these lands in trust, that they
should sell lands worth twenty dollars per acre for
one dollar and a quarter per acre ? I think not.
But, sir, I do not desire to trouble the committee
further upon this subject. I think the proviso in
the Senate amendment should be stricken out.
The proviso reads as follows:
Provided, That the President may order a new treatv to
be made with the Delawares, loways, Weas, Peorias, ICas-
kasluas, and Piankeshaws, or such of them as he may
deem necessary.
Now, sir, the Committee of Ways and Means
recommend, and the Committee on Indian Affairs
concur with them in the recommendation, that this
proviso shall be stricken out, for the reason that
the President has the power to enter into negotia-
i lions for the formation of new treaties whenever,
| in his judgment, thfcf public service demands it;
| but to insert such a ptp-gision in this bill would
| have the effect to increase the trespasses upon the
! lands of the Delaware^- tenfold. You will find
