960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27.
my motion that the rulea be suspended for tfes
purpose of discharging the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union from the further
consideration of the bill for the improvement of
the Savannah river.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire to submit the motion,
for the purpose of having it entered, to discharge
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union from the further consideration of a Senate
bill.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, under the
rules, for the reason that there is a motion already
pending to suspend the rules for a similar purpose,
offered by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Seward.}
Mr. PHILLIPS. Is it not in order to duplicate
that motion ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, as only
one motion of the kind can, under the rules, be
pending at the same time.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that this House do
bow adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
ten minutes past nine o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned until to-morrow at eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 27, 1855.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Sucer.
TheJeurnalof yesterday was read and approved.
SLOOP OP WAR ALBANY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, transmitting a report of the Secretary
of the Navy, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 20th of February, communica-
ting a copy of the order issued by the Navy De-
partment to the officer in command of the home
squadron in pursuance of which the United States
sloop gf war Albany was ordered on her last
cruise; also, copies of the orders issued by the
officer in command to the captain of the Albany;
and, also, ail reports and letters from the captain
of the Albany on the necessity of repairs to his
vessel; which was ordered to he on the table, and
be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of H. 0.
Claughwn, late commercial agent of the United
States for the Netherland division of the Island
of St. Martin, praying to be allowed office-rent
and other expenses incurred by him m the exe-
cution of Ins duties; winch was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Louisiana, instructing the Senators
and requesting the Representatives from that
State to use their exertions to obtain a mail route
from New Orleans to San Francisco, across the
Isthmus of Tehuantepec; which were referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post lloads.
Mr.^SEWARD presented the memorial of
Isaac Knight, praying the aid of Congress to ena-
ble him to curry out his improvements in light- j
houses, and his plan for saving lives and property J
from vessels wrecked on the coast; which was 1
referred to the Committee on Commerce. I
Mr. FKSSENDEN presented a petition of
merchants and others of Portland, Maine, praying ■
an appropriation for the construction of a " Tidal
alarm apparatus" at the entrance of Portland
harbor, on the plan invented by M. R. Fletcher;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a memorial of
the General Assembly of Iowa, praying the estab-
lishment of a military post at or near the mouth
or the BigSioux river, in Iowa; which w&sreferred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, it was
Ordered, That John Ilollohan have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That Harriet 0. P. Bakei have leave to with-
draw her pptition and papers.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, it was
.Orden-d, That Theodore Adams have leave to withdraw
hM petition and papers-.
REPORTS FROM STANUING COMMITTEES.
Mr. F&3SENDEN, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolatkm to
print three thoas'and copies of the Fourth Meteor-
ological Report of Professor Espy, reported ad-
versely thereon, and the report was concurred in.
Mr. PgARCE subsequently moved to reconsider
the vote by which the report was concurred iti,
and gave notice that he should ask action on it in
the morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of the heirs of Robert McGonnell, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. The Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims., to whom was referred the bill of
the House of Representatives to amend the act
approved 31st of August, 1852, entitled " An act
making further provision for the satisfaction of
Virginia land warrants," have had it under con-
sideration, but are unable to agree. They have,
therefore, directed me to report it back without
any recommendation, and ask to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that the letter
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office
on the subject be printed. 1 will add, that I hope
the Secretary will gee that the letter is printed
during the day, rs I desire very much to call up
the bill to-morrow.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. COOPER, i have been instructed by the
Committee on Territories, to whom were referred
the joint resolutions from the House to disap-
piove and disaffirm an act of the Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Minnesota, entitled
" An act to incorporate the Minnesota and North-
western Railroad Company," and the joint reso-
lution from the House disapproving the act of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Minne-
sota, entitled " An act to incorporate the Tiansit
Railroad Company," which are accompanied by
resolutions of the Territorial Legislature and me-
morials of the companies, to report them back,
and ask for the printing of all the papers. They
have also instructed me to submit a report on the
subject. In justice to myself, I wish to state,
that, v/hile I concur in all the recommendations of
the report, there is one argument in it which does
not entirely meet my approbation.
The motion to print was agreed to. *
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT ALEXANDRIA.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to;
Rzsohed, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of causing a build-
ing to be erected at Alexandria, Virginia, lor a custom-
house, with accommodations tor a post office.
general jackson's sword.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the Senate,
twenty thousand copies of the proceedings and reirrarlcs,
upon the presentation of ihe sword of General Jackson to
Congie^, and that the same be bound in sueii Myie as tho
Committee on Printing thall direct.
message from the house.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk,
announcing that they had passed the following
bills, in winch they requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill allowing the further time of two years to
those holding lands by entries in the Virginia mili-
tary district, in Ohio, which were made prior to
the 1st January, 1852, to liave the same surveyed
and patented;
A bill extending the provisions of the act of
August 4, 1852, entitled "An act to grant the
right of way to all plank and railroads and mac-
adamized turnpikes passing through the public
lands belonging to the United States,"to the public
lands in the Territories of the United Slates;
_ A bill making appropriations for the naval' ser-
vice for the year ending the 30th of June, 1850;
and
A bill making appropriations for fortifications
and other works of defense, and for repairs of
barracks and quarters, for the year ending the
30th of June, 3856. ~
Also, that the House had agf-eed to the amend-
ment of the* Senate to the bill authorizing the pur-
chase or construction of four additional revenue
cutters, and to the amendment of the Senate to
the bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Joseph Savage, deceased; and that
they had passed, without amendment, the bill of the
Senate, to establish a circuit court of the United
Sates in and for the Stale of California.
eftroleeb bills signed.
The message further announced, that theSpeaker
had signed the following enrolled bills ana joint
resolution; which were signed by the President
pro tempore:
An act for the relief of Mrs. Helen Mackay,
administratrix of Lieutenant Colonel -Eneas
Mackay, late a deputy quartermaster in the United
States Army;
An act granting bounty land to Susan Palmer;
An act to promote the efficiency of the Navy;
Ail act to remodel the diplomatic and consular
systems of the United States;
An act maJcing an appropriation for military
defenses at Proctor's Landing,-in Louisiana; and
A joint resolution accepting the sword of Gen-
eral Andrew Jackson, and returning the thanks of
Congre&s to the family of the late General Robert
Armstrong.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill from the House making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending the 30th
of June,-1856, Was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
The bill from the House making appropriations
for fortifications and other works of defense, and
for repairs of barracks and quarters for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1856, was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
The bill from the House allowing the further
time of two years to those holding lands by entries
in the Virginia military district" in Ohio, which
were made prior to the 1st of January, 1852, to
have the pame surveyed and patented, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
The bill from the House extending the pro-
visions of the act of August 4, 1852, entitled " an
act to grant the right of way to all plank and
railroads, and macadamized turnpikes passing
through the public lands belonging to the Umte'd
States," to the public lands in the Territories of
the United States, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill from the House to amend an act ap-
proved the 4th of August, 1854, entitled " an act
to graduate and reduce the price of the public
lands to actual settlers and cultivators," wag read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
^ The bill from the House to organize an institu-
tion for the insane of the Army and Kavy, and of
the District of Columbia, in the said District, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
The bill from the House for carrying into effect
the convention upon the subject of claims between
the United States and her Britannic Majesty, of the
8th of February, 1853, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
commander Ringgold's report.
On motion by Mr, SEWARD, the Senate re-
| sumed the consideration of the motion submitted
by him on the 31st of January, to reconsider the
vote on agreeing to the resolution in relation to
I printing the report of Commander Ringgold, of
his expedition to the North Pacific; and the motion
was agreed to.
b01ves and smith.
Mr. PETT5T. House bill for the relief of
John R. Bowes, agent in charge of the property
1 of the United States at Michigan City, in the State
of Indiana, and of Isaac S. Smith, of the city of
buffalo, New York, has been reported back from
the Committee on Commerce, with an amendment
striking out the section in regard to Smith. It is
a matter of considerable interest to a mutual con-
j stituent of ours, Mr. President, and I hope the
I Senate will take up the bill, and concur in the
' TP101! °„tbe ^°nimittee on Commerce. I move
i that the senate proceed to the consideration of the
j The motion wa? agreed to; and the Senate, as
In^1omm't'es 'he Whole, considered the bill
Ine proper accounting officers of the Treasury
will be directed by it to pay to John It. Bowes, of
