THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1855.
New Series No. 61.
the State of Indiana, agent in charge of the prop-
erty of the United States at Michigan City,
$470 33, in payment and in full discharge of all
his claims against the United States for services
as agent; and to pay to Isaac S. Smith $452 32,
in full for his account for care and charge of the
public property at the city of Buffalo, up to the
30th of April, 1853, under the direction of the
Topographical Bureau.
The PRESIDENT. The Committee on Com-
merce reported the bill with an amendment to
strike out that portion making provision for the
relief of Isaac S. Smith.
Mr. PETTIT. I hope the amendment of the
committee will be concurred in.
Mr. SEWARD. When that report was made
by the Committee on Commerce, of which I am a
member, it was made on papers before us which
showed no title of Smith to the benefit of the bill;
but after the report was made, the Committee on
Commerce of the House of Representatives sent
to us further papers, which enables us now to as-
certain that our report was wrong. I ask, there-
fore, that we may non-concur in the amendment,
and pass the bill in its original shape.
Mr. PETTIT. If that be the state of thecase,
of course the amendment should be rejected.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
RATES OF POSTAGES.
Mr. STUART. I wish very much to dispose
of two matters on my hands, which I think very
important. The first is the report of the commit-
tee of conference on the bills for the relief of pur-
chasers and locators of swamp and overflowed
lands, which has lain over too long. I hope the
Senate will indulge me by taking it up and dis-
posing of it at this time.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the honorable Senator will
allow me to have a small bill considered, which
will not occupy ten minutes. If it goes beyond
that time, I shall consent that it be postponed. It
is very necessary that it should go back to the
House of Representatives immediately, as it is a
House bill, to which we have made some amend-
ments.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that whatever is taken
up will be taken up with the understanding that,
at one o'clock, we shall proceed to the considera-
tion of the appropriation bills.
Mr. STUART. I wish to say in relation to
that suggestion of the Senator from Virginia, that
I cannot consent this morning, so far as I am con-
cerned, to yield to the appropriation bills until I
can have the two matters to winch I have referred
disposed of. I have yielded to the appropriation
bills, but now, 1 perceive, that if we defer other
matters until the close of the day's session we ad-
journ without any opportunity to attend to them.
If the Senator from Virginia will allow me to dis- j
pose, this morning, of the two matters to which I
have referred—the report of the committee of con-
ference, which, he will agree with me, as a matter
of precedent, ought never to have been delayed at
ail, and the business on which we adjourned yes-
terday—then 1 shall be ready to stand by him m
insisting on action upon the appropiiation bills. I
will yield, however, to the Senator from Texas at
present.
Mr. RUSK. 1 move to take up House bill fur-
ther to amend the act entitled " An act to reduce
and modify the rates of postages in the United
States, and for other purposes," passed March 3,
1851.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill.
The bill was passed by the House at the last
session. The Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole, considered it on the 31st of July last, and
many amendments were then made, on the motion
of Mr. Rusk, on behalf of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads. He to-day, from
the same committee, reported more amendments,
61
many of which are merely verbal. The principal
one is to strike out the following provision:
For every such letter or paper, when conveyed wholly
or in part hy sea, and to or from a foreign country, for any
distance not exceeding three thousand miles, the ocean
postage shall be five cents; and for any distance exceeding
three thousand miles, sush ocean postage shall be ten cents,
(excepting, however, all cases where such postages have
been, or shall be, adjusted at different rates by postal treaty
or convention already concluded or hereafter to be made.)
The bill, as proposed to be amended by the
Seriate committee, provides that, in lieu of the
rates now established by law, there shall, after
the commencement of the next fiscal quarter, be
charged for every single letter in manuscript, or
paper of any kind in which information shall be
asked for, or communicated in writing, or by
marks or signs, conveyed in the mail for any dis-
tance between places in the United States not
exceeding three thousand miles, three cents; and
for any distance exceeding three thousand miles,
ten cents. For a double letter the charge is to be
double, for a treble letter, treble, and for a quad-
ruple letter, quadruple these rates. Every letter
or parcel not exceeding half an ounce in weight is
to be deemed a single letter; and every additional
weight of half an ounce, or of less than half an
ounce, is to be charged with an additional single
postage. Upon all letters passing through or in the
mail of the United States, excepting such as are
to or from a foreign country, the postage is to be
prepaid, except upon letters and packages ad-
dressed to officers of the Government on official
business, which shall be so marked on the envel-
ope. And from and after January 1, 1856, the
Postmaster General may require postmasters to
place postage stamps upon all prepaid letters upon
which such stamps may not have been placed by
the writers. All drop-letters, or letters placed in
any post office not for transmission through the
mail, but for delivery only,are to be charged with
postage at the rate of one cent each; and all letters
which are hereafter advertised as remaining over,
or uncalled for, in any post office, are to be charged
with one cent each, in addition to the regularpost-
age, both to be accounted for as other postages
now are.
No postmaster, or other person, is to be allowed
to sell any postage stamps or stamp envelopes for
any larger sum than that indicated upon their face,
or for a larger sum than that charged therefor by
the Post Office Department; and any person who
violates this provision is to be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and, on conviction, is to be fined
in any sum not less than ten, nor more than five
hundred dollars.
Mr. WELLER. I think the Senator from
Texas had better make the phraseology of this
bill conform to the fact, which is, that all citizens
of the United States, unless they live in the State
of California, or in Washington, or Oregon Ter-
ritories, shall be entitled to receive their letters at
three cents for the single letter. That is the effect
of the provision. For a distance over three thou-
sand miles the postage is to be ten cents. As a
matter of course, that operates only upon the
people of California, "Washington, and Oregon. I
think he had better change the phraseology, so as
to provide that all citizens who do not live in those
parts of country which I have mentioned, shall
receive their letters at three cents.
Mr. RUSK. It includes a great many citizens
of Texas also.
The amendments reported by the committer
were agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I offer an amendment as an addi-
tional section to come in at the close of the bill.
Although the bill does not alter the law in relation
to the franking privilege, I offer this proviso to
meet the views of some gentlemen who have
thought it may be so construed:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall he so con-
strued as to alter the laws in relation to the franking privi-
lege.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I offer the following as an addi-
tional section:
And be it further enacted, That for the greater security of
valuable letters posted for transmission in the mails of the
United States, the Postmaster General be, and hereby is,
authorized to establish a uniform plan for the registration
of such letters on application of the parties posting the same,
to require the prepayment of the postage as well as a regis-
tration fee of five cents on every such letter or packet, to be
accounted for by the postmasters receiving the same in sucii
manner as the Postmaster General shalfdirect; Provided,
however, That such registration shall not be compulsory,
and it shall not render the Post Office Department, or its
revenue, liable for the loss of such letters or packets, or the
contents thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I desire now to say a few words
in explanation of the bill. It has been submitted
to the Post Office Department, and examined very
thoroughly by the committees of both Houses.
Its object is to require prepayment. It makes no
alteration in the laws of any consequence, except
simply requiring prepayment in all cases, after
the commencement of the next fiscal year, ltalso
authorizes the Postmaster General to require that
prepayment be made in postage stamps after the
first day of January, 1856.
The additional section is to authorize the regis-
tration of such valuable letters as the writers may
desire to register, by an additional payment of a
sum which was thought sufficient to justify that
additional labor; but it incurs no further responsi-
bility either on the United States or on the reve-
nues of the Post Office Department.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read & third
time. The bill, as amended, was read the third
time.
The PRESIDENT. The question is, «' Shall
the bill pass?"
Mr. ADAMS. I only wish to say, that I dif-
fered with the majority of the committee as to the
propriety of requiring prepayments, which is the
great object of this bill. I have my doubts about
its propriety, and am opposed to any change of the
law in that respect.
The bill was ;
PURCHASERS OF SWAMP LANDS.
On motion by Mr. STUART, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the House bill for the relief of
purchasers and locators of swamp and overflowed
lands. The report was in favor of substituting
the following proviso at the end of the first section,
in lieu of the amendment of the Senate:
Provided, That in all cases where any State, through its
constituted authorities, may have sold or disposed of any
tract or tracts of said land to any individual or individuals
prior to the entry, sale, or location of the same under the
preemption or other laws of the United States, no patent
shall be issued by the President for such tract or tracts of
land until such State, through its constituted authorities,
shrill release its claim thereto m such form as shall be pre-
scribed b> the .Secretary of the Interior: A nd provided fur-
ther, That if such State shall not within ninety days from,
the passage of this act, through its constituted authorities,
return to the General Land Office of the United States a
list of all the lands sold as aforesaid, together wtih the dates
of such sale and the names of ihe pnrcha?ers, the patents
shall be issued immediately therealter, as directed in the
foregoing seciion.
Mr. STUART. I stated the other day in detail
the effect of the amendment proposed by the com-
mittee of conference, and that the report was unan-
imous on the part of the Senate committee, as well
as the committee of the House. The House has
acted on the report and agreed to it. The Senator
from Arkansas, I believe, has some -views which
he wishes to submit to the Senate this morning,
and I shall not detain the Senate unless it shall
become necessary by something which the Senator
may submit.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, the action of
the Senate on this report of the committee of con-
ference has been deferred for some days, partly
from causes which were not in my control. There
is one protest, from the Senator from Michigan,
which I think is unauthorized and not justifiable.
At each successive time, when he has proposed
to take up this report, the Senator has prefaced
what he has said with the remark that it ought
never to have been delayed or deferred. Now, sir,
