1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
967
I never distinguished myself in that way; but I
have a few words to say in justification and de-
fei.se of those who I know will be injured by the
act which is about to be passed.
Mr. SI'UA[IT. The Senator from Georgia
manifests a willingness to let the vote be taken. 1
hope, therefore, the Senator from Virginia will
withdraw his motion, and then let the Senator
fiom Arkansas, if he desires to say anything
rcu re, do so.
Mr. HUNTER. I would withdraw my motion,
but that the Senator from Arkansas wished to be
heard.
Mr. STUART. He will not occupy ten min-
utes.
Mr. JOHNSON. I never speak long, but I
cannot on thu occasion yield up my rights.
Mr. HUNTER. Well, sir, I withdraw the
motion for the present, but I shall renew it as
soon as the vote is taken.
The PRESS DiNG OFFICER. It will require
unanimous consent to withdraw the motion, as
the yeas and nays have been ordered. The Chair
heais no objection. Tnequestion, therefore, is on
arreting with the report ot the committee of con-
fetence, upon which the Senator fiom Georgia is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. DA VV.SON. I yield my right to the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, from the di-
rection which tne debate has taken, I feel that it is
a duty incumbent on me not to allow the vote to
be taken without saying a few words more. The
Senator fiom Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] the
clearness of whose mind upon legal points is gen-
erally admitted throughout the country, has stated
Ills own explicit convictions upon the construction
of the swamp land law, and I know that they
are stated with a force and :u hority which, he
thmka, may not be rebutted by the humbler con-
victions of as obscure a lawyer as myself. 1
shall, therefore, appeal at once to the act itself,
looking at that act, and endeavoring, if I can, to
find out what its true construction is. The Sen-
ator says that his convictions are fixed and determ-
ined that the swamp lands were not conveyed by
the terms of the act from the day of its passage.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That the legal title was
not.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then the Senator aamits
that all but the legal title was conveyed.
Mr. BBNJAMIN. I admit that the States
were vested with an equitable interest to the swamp
lands.
Mr JOHNSON. I trust the Senator will par-
don me for further question, as 1 desire to under-
stand him distinctly. Does he admit that the
States were so far vested with the title to the land
under the swamp land act, that the Government
of the United States was merely a trustee for the
legal title until it could transfer that legal title to
the State?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not admit the Sena-
tor's nroposmon to the full extent which he has
just stated. I will state to ihe Senator exactly
what my position is in regard to the title conveyed
by that act. It is an inchoate title, equitable m us
nature, binding on the conscience of the Govern-
ment, not to sell those lands knowingly; but still
so imperfect a title that an innocent third pur-
chaser, giving his money for those Iand3 to the
Government, obtains a perfect title from it until
they ore defi'rnated.
Mr. JOHNSON. I confess the Senator ssupe-
rior ability, and in no instance do I more cordially
admit it than in this; but I must say that I cannot
appreciate the position m which the Senator s dis-
tinction places him upon this question. He does
not admit that the United States parted with ail
but the legal title, and is, therefore^, a mere holder
in trust of that title, for the benefit of the State,
till such time as the precise lands described could
be ascertained and conveyed to the State. He does
not admit, as I understand, that the State herself
had all the equitable title and could appeal to the
United States against the United States alienee, as
soon as she pointed out the lands as swamp, and
asks tor a conveyance of that legal title to her or
to her alienee, and could justly obtain that title
thrcugh the courts. The fact is, the Senator does
not like his own positions; or, liking them, deals
not candidly in this debate by avowing them. He
liei'ber admits nor denies the title of the swamp
land purchaser, but by his acts here^he would
drive him, under burdens, to expensive courts.
Now, in the first place, T will take the point as to
the terms of the act, for 1 understand there is a
dispute as to whether the land was conveyed dis-
tinctly by the description in the terms of the act.
Let me read to the Senate the first section of that
act:
" Be it cnicled by the Senate and Home of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, Tiiat to enable the State of At kauris to construct the
neeesp.iry it vees and dntins to reclaim the swamp and over-
flowed 1-inds therein, the whole of those swamp and over-
flowed lands, made unfit thereby for cultivation, which shatl
,cmum unsold at the pissageot f/jii' act. shall be, and the
same are hereby, granted to baitl State."
There is the specific description of the grant in
the act itself. It does not go on to define the
metes and bounds of the grant; it does not go on
to give the numbers of the sections according to
the terms of the public surveys, granting this and
that section in such a township The descrip-
tion, however, is full and exphcit: "Swamp and
overflowed lands made unfit thereby for cultiva-
tion." There is apreciseand specific description.
It does not stop to say that they should be granted,
but goes on to say: "are hereby granted." Not
only that, but it applies iji hac verba to the swamp
and overflowed lands " which shall remain unsold
at the passage of this act." If all are granted which
remain unsold then, how can you proceed to sell
them.' W uh such language, how is it possible to
resist the conclusion to which the Secretary of the
Interior, on full investigation, came? He declared
that, by the description of the lands contained in
the act, the grant was made perfect upon its pas-
sage. If any more intrinsic evidence is wanted
i>i the terms of the act, it can be found by looking
at the subsequent sections. The first section dis-
tinctly grants all the equitable title to the lantls,
and then the second section provides for the issuing
of the patent immediately after the swamp lands
should be declared, "and on that patent the fee-
simple to said lands shall vest in the said State of
Arkansas."
This shows clearly that, while the equitable title
was vested in the State by the terms of the act
itself, it was also contemplated that the muniment
of title, the patent, was to vest temporarily in the
Government of the United States, as the trustee,
and that that title should be parted with at the
very moment when the lands should be described
by metes and bounds, or, in other words, by the
numbers which expressed them on the face of the
public surveys.
The Senator from Louisiana, however, spoke
of a decision of the Supreme Court upon the point,
and m a conversation which I had with him upon
the subject, he referred me to the decision in the
case of Foley vs. Harrison, as the one on which
he relied to sustain his position. I asked to be
permitted to examine it, and I have done so, and
I will read to the Senate the argument of the Sen-
ator himself in that case, and a portion of the de-
cision to which he particularly adverted, and then
ask that the Senate, not on my authority, or that
of my judgment, but for themselves, will lake the
language of the court, and see its meaning. Here
is the Senator's argument in that case:
" Mr. Benjamin, for the defendant in error, made the
following pumts:
" 1. The tuio «Pt up by plaintiff i« not, under the evi-
dence adduced, either a legal or equitable ut!e to me land
in cnntroveis-y.
•'Tne ughin section of the act of Congress of the 4th
September. 1341, (5 Statute? at Large, p. 455,) granting
five hundred thousand acres of laud to the State of Louis-
iana, does not st-t apart any particular land, and separate it
from the public domain."
Why, sir, the cases are not to be compared.
He says expressly that the act of 1341, upon
which that case turned, does notset apart theland.
Thi3 act unquestionably does. In the act of 1841,
making a grant of five hundred thousand acres, the
land i?not described in such a way as to make
the grant perfect by the description contained in
the terms of the act; but on the contrary, the title
to it, after the grant was made, was dependent on
the action of the State, which was to come forward
and make the location; and, at the time when the
location was made, the equitable title was to be-
come perfect, and subsequently the United States
were to make out the legal title. In the swamp
land act, however, nothing was left to be done,
under the terms of the act, before the whole equi-
table title vested in the State of Arkansas and the
other swamp land States. Let us examine this
matter a little further. The Senator, speaking of
the act of 1841, said, "It only authorized the State
to make locations of land to that extent." But
the swamp land act is dependent on no locations
made by the State. The lands were fully con-
veyed by the terms of the grant—"swamp and
overflowed lands, rendered thereby unfit for culti-
vation." The Senator's argument in relation to
the act of 1841, proceeds:
" It only authorizes the State to make locations of land to
that extent; and the location, when made hy the State,
does not, ipso facto, separate from the public domain the
land <o located. Nothing m the act deprives the officers
who are charged with the duty of executing the land laws
of their control over the locations, in order to see ihat they
conform to the law, that they are lands which have been
previously surveyed, that they are vacant, that they have
not been resei ved, &o., &c. It is only upon the approval
of such locations, that the final severance from the public
domain of the lands to located takes effect."
That is the fact in reference to the act granting'
Louisiana five hundred thousand acres with na
specific description, whereas, the swamp land act
gives a distinct description easily ascertained and
well known by those living in the States where
the lands were to be found. There is, therefore,
no analogy, and no similarity, as it seems to me,
between this case and the one out of which a pre-
cedent is sought to be drawn to apply to it. But,
sir, I am pointed to this paragraph in the decision
of Judge McLean in giving the opinion of the Su-
preme Court:
" The act of 1841 authorized the Stat* to enter the lands,
where surveys had been executed and ihe lands were open
to entry, under the acts of Congress. The Sta'e of Louis-
iana acted within its powers,in issuing warrants, and estab-
lishing Und offices as a means ot deposing of the lands.
Bdt it hdd not the power to convey the lee, a> it had not
been parted with by the General Government. The words
of ihe act of 18U are ' that there shall be panted 10 each
Stale,' not that there is hereby granted. The vvorda import
that a grant shall by made m future.—Lessieur el al. us.
Price, 1-2 Peters, 175.
'• It could not have been theintention of the Government
to relinquish the exerctac of power over ihe puWic lands,
that might he located by the State. The same system was
to be observed in iheeiury of land" by the State as by indi-
viduals, except the payment of the money ; and this wag
neee^ary to give effect to the act, and to prevent conflict-
ing entries."
1 have already read to you the language of the
act of 1850, which is, that the lands "are hereby
granted"—the express words excepted by Judge
McLane as establishing a different concision.
The Senator does not use his high authority to
stultify the Senate, I feel assured; yet his position
on this authority is too absurd to suppose he could,
on reflection, have even asserted it. The descrip-
tion of the giant is complete and perfect. "The
whole of those swampand overflowed lands made
unfit thereby for cultivation, which shall remain
unsold at the passagft of this act," are the lands
that are granted. Why, sir, it is questionable,
under the authority of the decision of the Supreme
Court, referred to by the Senator from Louisiana,
whether, even if these descriptive words had been
left out, there would not still have been a full con-
veyance, in presenii, to the State of Arkansas, and
the other swamp land States, on account of the
words, " are hereby granted." Taking, then, the
authority to which the Senator has himself re-
ferred us, i say that, comparing the decision with
the language of the act in regard to which contro-
versy in this case has arisen, it is evident that where
the swamp lands were not ascertained, the United
States held the possession of the legal utie as trus-
tee for the States. If it be true that the State, as a
consequence, has all the equitable title, by whafc
reasoning is it that Senators can justify themselves
in coming in and saying, "We will interpose
against the alienee of the equitable title of the States
the authority of another act ot Congress to cut
them off from the enjoyment of the rights to which
they, as purchasers from the State, are entitled,
and then proceed to give them to the party to
whom the UnitedStates had sold them wrongfully.
It is proposed that theSenate shall do this, in face
of the fact that, whilst so doing, you complicate
the accounts of the United States; and you not only
give away the lands to the States, and the money
for them, but also passan act which, by its terms,
recognizes additional and subsequent sales of the
same land by the United States, and compels the
General Government, at the same time, to pay over
the money which she gets on account of the lund
thus wrongfuUy sold into the tressui y of the State^
thus giving the State possession of the land, and
putting the proceeds into her treasury, and fiiltrg
it with money which the United States illegally
received.
