968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
That is the effect of it, and all the circumlocu-
tion and sophistry which may be brought to bear
upon the question by astute lawyers, cannot take
away from us the conviction and the knowledge
that such is its effect. I assert, without fear of
contradiction, that gentlemen who will unpreju-
dicially examine the question for themselves, mi-
nutely and maturely, will come to the same con-
clusion to which I have arrived. I do say, although
I well know that my opinions may not be entitled
to great weight in this body, that there is a strange
anxiety on the part of some Senators representing
swamp land States, to have this provision passed.
I know that it will secure some benefits to those
States; but, while that is the case, I see, also, that,
within the limits of my own State, and, I believe,
within the limits of every other State which has
sought to carry out the original intention of the
swamp land act, a very large number of people
will be made the victims of this legislation, unwise
and unsanctioned by any past experience, and
which violates vested rights that we ourselves have
conferred. Not only does it do that, but it com-
plicates the public land accounts of the United
States to a scandalous extent, and brings on unwise
and uncalled-for contests between the States and
the General Government? By this action of ours
the States will have received double pay for the
same land; and when the individuals who have
been deprived of their land, and whose money has
been paid by the United States to the States, come
here and demand it, can you deny it to them?
When they ask it, your reply will be, we have
paid it over to the State to which we presumed it
belonged. Who can doubt, however, that Con-
gress will compel the money to be paid back to
that individual out of the general Treasury ?
Sir, I have repeatedly heard gentlemen elo-
quently deprecate the idea of anything like an
account between the States and the United States;
and 1 have heard repeated declarations that no
moneyed consideration should stop them from set-
tling such a controversy, i say that the legisla-
tion which you are here about to adopt will involve
such contests. By this legislation, too, you are
complicating the rights of other parties, and throw-
ing serious legal difficulties in the way of persons
wno have a just and lawful title, which may de-
feat their rights altogether, and you are doing it,
it seems to me, under the guidance of gentlemen
who ought to know better, ought to be opposed
to it, and who ought to step forward for the pro-
tection of these people—yes, their own people—
against such unpardonable wrong. I, as a citizen,
could not forgive the man I honored and clothed
with power, who thus trilled with my rights, and
destroyed them, as far as his laws could do it.
But I will say to those who are thus recklessly to
be assailed and overridden, yieldnot an inch. They
have put burdens on you; they have filled your
path with obstacles; but, thank God, the Consti-
tution is left; place your hopes upon it; your
rights are vested; thread your weary way along
the path beset with sophistical, concerted, and
deadly technicalities and legal deadfalls, and, if
you do it with fortitude and manliness, though
some may fall by the wayside, many will reach
relief, will reach the highest court, and there find
enshrined, intact, the Constitution.
You have proposed to do this when there is no
public necessity for it. I defy the Senators on the
other side of the question to show a public neces-
sity for anything of this kind. Every difficulty
which now exists in regard to these titles is at
present easily settled. If the States had the title,
the United States had no right to sell. If the Uni-
ted States had a right to sell, it must be on account
of the fact that the land was not swamp land. If
it was not swamp land, it can easily be proved
before the United States officers, and they will
thereby protect the rights of their own alienees.
The effect of this legislation will be to drive the
litigants into the courts of law, and to put one
party under a ban with a rope, as it were, about
his neck, with a predetermined judgment against
him, that judgment being a special act of the Con-
gress of the United States. It seems to me that,
under such circumstances, we have no right to
drive these innocent purchasers to litigation in the
courts. I protest against it. I would rather see
the whole bill destroyed than have so gross an act
of injustice, as this palpably is to my mind, per-
petrated by a deliberate vote of this body.
Mr, ADAMS. Mr. President, I have no recol-
lection of intruding any remarks of mine upon the
Senate, when there was a manifest anxiety to take
a vote on the pending question; but this prop-
osition seems to me to be so palpably improper,
that I cannot consent that the vote shall be taken
upon it without entering my protest against it,
and briefly stating my reasons for opposing the
adoption of this report.
In the first place it is admitted that there are
conflicting rights, growing out of different entries,
in reference to the lands covered by this bill. 1
submit to Senators, if they do not at once see the
impropriety of legislating in behalf of the one or
the other, when those rights can be correctly
settled by the courts. If no other reason existed
for the rejection of this proposition; this, it seems
to me, would of itself be sufficient. But, sir,
there is another reason. I differ, with great diffi-
dence, from the distinguished lawyer, statesman,
and Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] in
reference to any legal question; but, upon this
point I do differ most directly; not, however,
upon the authority on which he has relied—the
decision of the Supreme Court—because, as has
been shown already by the Senator from Arkan-
sas, the cases are not parallel. In the case in
which that decision was made, the grant to the
State was prospectively. The words were "there
shall be granted," without designation, without
metes and bounds, without description, and as a
matter of course, until the property was described,
and the location made and approved, the title did
not vest. In this case, however, all lands of a
particular description "are hereby granted," ac-
cording to the language of the original act. Now,
I ask that Senator, if the language used in the
swamp land act was not sufficient to convey to
the States the fee without any patent? Why, sir,
what is a patent? Mere evidence of title. An act
of Congress granted to the State for a particular
purpose the lands conveyed; the fee itself, and the
patent, was a mere evidence of the particular land
granted.
Now, sir, I beg leave to call the attention of the
Senator from Louisiana to a decision of the su-
preme court of the State of Mississippi in refer-
ence to the very question here involved. It is not
a matter left to my decision. I apprehend there
will be no decision found, either of the Supreme
Court of the United States or of any State court
in this Union, to conflict with the opinion of the
supreme court of Mississippi in the case to which
I allude. By the treaty with the Choctaw and
Chickasaw Indians certain reservations were
granted to certain Indians. The supreme court
of our State decided that the reservation conveyed
the fee and that the location gave identity to it.
Here, in this case, the grant to the States conveyed
the absolute fee. No lawyer who will read the
language will deny that. The mode of ascertain-
ing what lands were thus granted was provided by
the law, and the moment the land was ascertained,
it gave, in the language of the supreme court of
Mississippi, identity to the grant. Did the rights
of the States accrue under the ascertainment and
identity, or did they obtain from the grant made
by Congress? No man will deny that they ob-
tained by the grant of Congress unconditionally.
The location was a mere ministerial act of an offi-
cer appointed by the law; but the rights of the
States reverted back to the time of the absolute
grant.
If I am right in this position, if the supreme
court of Mississippi were right when they said, in
the case to which 1 have alluded, that a reserva-
tion to an Indian granted the fee, and the location
only gave identity to it; how can you distinguish
that from this case, where the act contained a
particular description of the land granted to the
States, and the grant was made as absolute as if
it were described by metes and bounds? Suppose
the act of Congress, granting the swamp lands
to the States, had described them by metes and
bounds, giving the numbers of the sections, I ask
would a patent have been necessary ? I ask what
title the Government could convey after that grant
by Congress?
If then, sir, the Government had parted with its
title, I ask the Senate to reflect in what an absurd
condition we should place ourselves by first grant-
ing the lands to a State, and then having our offi-
cers sell those lands through mistake or otherwise,
and we attempt to bolster up that sale by an act
of legislation, interfering with the vested rights of
parties. What respect can the country have for
such legislation as that ? The motive may be a
good one, but the effect is a bad one.
My friend from Louisiana who first spoke [Mr.
Slidell] says there is a magical idea attached to
the patents, and although he agrees with me that
the title was vested in the States by the grant, yet
he says a large portion of the claims will be settled
under—he did not use the language, but that is the
substance—the delusive idea that the patent is con-
clusive, and therefore we must legislate in this
way. I call on Senators to reflect on the proposi-
tion that we must legislate in such a way as to
induce parties to yield up rights to which they are
legally entitled, under the idea that the patent is
conclusive.
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the honorable Senator
from Mississippi allow me to correct him as to my
position ?
Mr. ADAMS. Certainly.
Mr. SLIDELL. I said that I had a very dis-
tinct conviction myself that the original law vested
the lands in the States from the day of its passage,
but that persons much better informed upon legal
subjects than myself, were equally decided in en-
tertaining a different opinion, and that, so far as
the committee of conference were concerned, four
out of the six members of that committee enter-
tained an opinion different from my own, and I
thought it was better, in that point of view, to
endeavor to throw the moral influence of the Gov-
ernment, as far as it could be thrown for the de-
cision of the question, in favor of the first pur-
chaser.
Mr. ADAMS. I am glad to be corrected by
my friend from Louisiana. I have only to say
that, according to my humble judgment, the two
were right, and the four were wrong; but whether
right or wrong, this difference of opinion shows
the absolute impropriety of Congress legislating
in favor of one class of men at the expense of
another.
The Senator from Michigan says that a large
majority of persons are interested in the passage
of this bill. Sir, I care nothing about majorities
where legal rights are concerned. If but one
man, and he the humblest man in this land, had
a vested right, my legislative sanction could never
be had to deprive, or attempt to deprive, him of
that right for the benefit of a majority. I have
great respect for majorities where they have a
right to rule, but not where vested rights are con-
cerned. I have an equal, and, in fact, a more sa-
cred respect for minorities, who are not so well
able to protect themselves as majorities are.
In this case it is admitted on all hands that
rights have vested under our grant to the purchas-
ers from the State, and our courts are the proper
tribunals to settle the question. A more improper
act could not be performed by the Congress of the
United States, than to interfere in any way, I care
not how, in regard to those vested rights.
Then, sir, upon the ground of the inexpediency
and impropriety of interfering with vested rights,
I shall be bound to vote against this report. I
am actuated by the further ground that the Gov-
ernment parted with its title, beyond all contro-
versy, in language as broad as it is possible for
language to be, and has no title, although the
officers may have believed it. The Government
granted to the States the swamp and overflowed
lands unfit for cultivation; and although identity
was not given to the grant until the location was
made, yet, whenever it was made, it related back,
beyond doubt, to the time of the grant, and all
that can be properly done is what the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office has recom-
mended. He is a sensible man, and, though not
a lawyer, I believe, he generally decides cases
rightly. I think he has decided this question
properly, and as the Supreme Court of the United
States would decide it. I have not a doubt that
the grant related back to the time of the passage
of the act, as its language imports, and that the
Government, having sold the land through mis-
take, should refund to the purchaser the money
he had paid. This was right and proper, leaving
the parties to their legal rights. In order that we
may have a test vote on this subject, as it has
been fully discussed,and as it has been intimated
that the friends of the report do not desire to dis-
cuss it further, I move that the whole subject lie
on the table.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope the Senator will
