1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
960
withdraw that motion, and allow us to vote
directly on the adoption of the report.
Mr. ADAMS. If the Senate are ready to vote
I have no objection to withdraw that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on concurring in the report
of the committee of conference?
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I am ready,
but I am afraid the Senate is not quite ready, and
I wish to say a word or two before the question
is taken. I wish to state, in a very few words,
why I cannot vote for concurring in this report
of the committee of conference. The committee
recommend, as a mode of composing the disa-
greeing votes of the two Houses, this provision:
Provded, That in all oases where any State, through its
constituted authorities, may h ive sold or disposed of any
tract or tracts of said land, to any individual or individuals,
prior to the entry, sale, or location of the same, under the
preemption or other laws of the United States, no patent
shall he issued bv the President for such tract or tracts of
land until such State, through its constituted authorities,
shall release its claim thereto, m such form as shall he pre-
scribed by theSecretary of the Interior.
That is to say, if the State shall have granted
the land, the State, before the patent issues, shall
release its right to the United States to the amount
which it has granted—evidently a perfect absurd-
ity. The very case stated, presupposed, asserted,
and expressly set out in the proviso, is, that
if the State has no possible interest, the State
shall, before a patent issues, release its interest to
the United States. It is a complete absurdity. It
amounts to making the legislation of Congress
positive nonsense. It is: "That in all cases
where any State, through its constituted author-
ities, may have sold, or disposed of any tract or
tracts of said lands, to any individual or individ-
uals, prior to the entry, sale, or location of the
same, under the preemption or other laws of the
United States," before a patent issues, the State
shall release its interest, when, upon the very state-
ment put by the proviso, it can have no possible
interest. In other words, the State is to release
what it has not. Now, I cannot vote for that.
But in the next place it is:
"Provided further, That if such State shall not, within
ninety days trom the passage ot' this act, through its con-
stituted authorities, return to the General Land Office of
the United States a list of all the land sold as aforesaid,
together with ttie dates of Midi sale, and the names of the
purchasers, tile patents shall be issued immediately there-
after, as directed by the foregoing section."
Within ninety days! Why, whatan absurdity!
Within ninety days after the passage of this act
the State of Arkansas, for example, is not only
to have prepared but returned into the Land Office
here, a full and complete list of all these entries,
o else the . atentsare oiss e. Sir, it is an outrage.
They cannot do it in ninety days. They first
want the authority of law for it. They want some
public officer to comply with the requisitions of the
act. Whether there is such a one depends on the
law of Arkansas. If it were possible, if we could
move to amend the report of the committee of
conference, I should move to amend it by making
the time a year or eighteen months, instead of
ninety days, or give some reasonable time, some-
thing that might answer the purpose in view; but,
in my judgment, if we put ninety days there, it
is a me're pretense, and we are really taking a snap
judgment against any State interested in this sub-
ject. I hope the Senate, for these reasons—I do
not enter into the general question—will not con-
cur in the report of the committee.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Before the vote is taken I
cannot allow this opportunity to pass without
expressing my hearty concurrence in the general
views of those Senators who have disapproved a
concurrence in the reportof the committeeof con-
ference of the two Houses. 1 do so, because I see
that the report is couched in terms calculated to
defeat the very object with which it sets out. It
proposes to quiet litigation by the adoption of a
course which, I think, will multiply it, and the
only effect that it will have will be to drive that
litigation, which is now conducted before the De-
partment.into the courts of the United States; and
a formidable array is presented on one side by
the Government taking part with one individual,
while the other part is left to make proof by him-
self. It presents quite an unequal contest, and so
far from diminishing litigation, will, I think, have
a precisely contrary effect
I think, moreover, that the proposed legislation
here defeats the very object which its friends have
in view. It leaves unnoticed a large class of cases
which formed the motive for the enactment of this
law, and seems to me to travel out of the necessity
of the case to provide for those whose eases can
already be determined before the Departments, and
in regard to which there is no pressing necessity
for legislation atall. TheSenator from Mississippi
[Mr. Adams] has very felicitously and happily
sketched the difficulties which will arise out of
this act, and it shows the difficulties into which
we shall always get when we attempt to amend
the legislation of Congress, which, by its terms,
was complete and final in the first instance. Here
was a complete grant, leaving nothing to legislate
about except those matters relating only to the ad-
ministration-of the act, and it was not competent
for us either to alter, prescribe, or limit the terms
of the original grant. In 1850, having granted all
the swamp lands in the swamp land States, by
terms definitive in their character, which cannot be
misconceived, we now propose, in reference to
the very same class of lands, to grant a portion of
them away to a different class of persons than the
beneficiaries to whom the grant was made in 1850.
Is it competent for us to do this' I think not.
The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin]
advanced a legal proposition this morning, which,
in my judgment, has no application at all to this
case. It must be remembered that, by the act of
1850, its operation was to commence at the date
of the act itself. The ascertainment of the lands
which fell within its operation was, nevertheless,
a matter of administration, which was to be de-
termined afterwards. That has been determined,
and when determined, the title vests in the States
so perfectly that it is not competent for the grantor
in the case to reverse, by its own action, the grant,
and distribute the lands to an entirely different
class of persons. Why, sir, we are legislating
herein contrary directions. I submit that nothing
is left for us now but to carry out the terms and
objects of the act of 1850, and„not to thwart them,
as we propose here to do. The Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Slidell] seems to concede this
principle, and by conceding that, he concedes the
whole question; for if we have parted with the
subject about which we are legislating, there is
nothing on which we can legislate. That is a
plain and practical point ©f view.
1 hope, for these briefly staled reasons, that the
report of the committee of conference will not be
adopted;and £ do not despair, if we reject it, but
that we shall come to an adjustment yet, which
will compromise the rights of no one, but will
wholly secure the object which all the friends of
the original measure, including my colleague and
myself, have so much at heart. I think that the
views of those gentlemen who advocate the adop-
tion of this report, can be better carried out by a
different arrangement; and I am sure that it can
be made so as to obviate that great mischief which
will otherwise inevitably fall upon the State most
deeply interested in the administration of thisclass
of lands. I hope the report will not be concurred
in; and'if we reject it we can then take measures
for a new committee of conference, and I am sure
we can come to a just conclusion, which will
compromise no one.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, no State in
the Union is more deeply interested in this ques-
tion than the State which I have the honor in part
to represent. We regard the lands ceded to us
by the act of 1850, as now belonging to the State,
and we are in process of settling them. We
do not regard, neither does the Federal Govern-
ment, nor any of its departments, that there is
necessity for further legislation to vest the title in
the State of Florida. When, therefore, the rec-
ommendation of the committee of conference came
up, without looking into it very closely, I was
disposed to think it rendered the difficulties which
grew out of the application of that law to the
lands in Florida, more simple; but from the dis-
cussion here I see at a glance that it will compli-
cate them, and throw the litigants or contestors
into the legal tribunals. I do not desire to detain
the Senate on this question, and rather than see a
vote taken now 1 should like to have the subject
postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. WELLER. I hope thatwill notbe done.
If we postpone it we shall have the whole discus-
sion over again.
Mr. MALLORY. If I am compelled to vote
now, I must vote against concurrence in the report.
Mr. SLIDELL called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered and taken.
Mr. JOHNSON at first voted in the negative.
Before the result was announced, he said: I change
my vote for the express purpose of exercising one
more reserved right which I have to secure justice.
I vote " yea," for the purpose of moving a recon-
sideration.
The vote was announced, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Bright,Cass,
Cooper, Douglas, Fessenden, Foot, Gwm, James, Johnson,
Jones of Iowa, Mason, Pettit, Pratt, Shields, Slidell, Stu-
art, Toombs, Wade, Wells, Wilson, and Wright—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Badger, Brainerd, Brown, But-
ler, Clayton, Dawson, Evans, Fitzpatricb, Geyer, Jones of
Tennessee, Mallory, Morton, Pearce, Rusk, Sebastian,
Seward, Sumner, Thompson of Kentucky, and Weller—
20.
So the report was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was concurred in, and the
further consideration of the motion was postponed
until to-morrow.
MAIL STEAMER APPROPRIATIONS.
The bill of the House making appropriations
for the transportation of the United States mail in
ocean steamers, and otherwise, for the fiscal years
ending June 30, 1855, and June 30, 1856, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
was not disposed of when the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 27, 1855.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. FULLER. Before the House proceeds to
the consideration of the regular order of business,
I desire to state that there is a House bill returned
from the Senate with a few words stricken out.
I desire that the House will take up the bill, and
concur in the Senate amendment, and then it will
be out of the way.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
will first allow the Chair to lay before the House
two Executive communications which have been
received.
Mr. FULLER. Certainly.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a
communication from theSecretary of the Interior,
transmitting, in obedience to the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 21st instant, a
statement showing the probable quantity of land
that would be required to satisfy the claimants
provided for by the bounty land act, which has
passed the Senate, and is now pending before the
House of Representatives; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Post Office
Department, transmitting a list of the clerks and
other persons employed in that Department; which
received the same order.
Mr. FULLEP.,. 1 now ask the consent of the
House to call up my motion.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I ask the gentleman
from Maine to yield the floor for one minute to
enable me to make a motion. If it occupies more
than two minutes I will allow it to go over.
Mr. DAWSON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. PHELPS. Call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. DAWSON. My privileged question is
in order. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, with the statement of the Commissioner of
Pensions, was ordered to be printed. My object
is to have that statement read.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
may be made and entered; but the communication
cannot now be read except by unanimous consent.
Mr. DAWSON. Well, sir, 1 hope we shall
have the unanimous consent of the House to have
that communication read. But, sir, have I not
the right to have it read?
The SPEAKER. You have not, for the reason
that there is a motion pending to suspend the rules,
and the motion to reconsider cannot be considered.
Mr. DAWSON. Well, sir, I ask unanimous
consent.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
