$70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. DAWSON. If "I cannot have the papers
read, 1 will withdraw my motion to reconsider.
REVENUE CUTTERS.
Mr. FULLER. 1 now a^k the unanimous con-
sent of ihe House to have the bill of the House
(No. 242) authorizing the purchase or construc-
tion ot lour additional revenue cutters taken up,
and the amendment of the Senate considered.
There is but a single amendment, to strike out
half a line, which nobody will object to.
There being no objection ihe bill was taken up.
Tne Senate propose to amend, in section two,
line four, by striking out after the word " who"
to the word '< does " in the sixth line, the follow-
ing words, " shall not have served at least one
year before the mast."
Mr. FULLER. I move that the House concur
in the amendment of the Senate.
The question was put; and the motion agreed to.
JOSEPH SAVAGE.
The SPEAKER.. As the House have indulged
the gentleman from Maine, will they allow the
Cnair, for a single moment, to make a suggestion ?
There is a bill uf the House upon the Speaker's
table, which has been returned from the Senate
with a single amendment. It is n bill for the
relief of the heirs of Joseph Savage, deceased.
Will the House take up the bill and dispose of the
amendment ?
[Cries of " Certainly!" and " A<rreed !"]
There being no objection the bill was taken up.
The Senate proposed to strike out the word
"services," and insert "commutation of half-
pay "
I he question was put; and the amendment
agreed to.
CHARLES H. POINTER.
Mr EDVIUND-'ON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House that the Committee of the
VV h«'le he d i scih a'fifed from the further considera-
tion of bill No 777, for the relief of Charles H.
Pointer. If is a bill reported by the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, and there can be no objec-
tion to it.
No objection was made.
The SPEAKER. The hill referred to by the
gentleman from Virginia was reported a few days
a^o, n d m now m the hands of the printers. It
cannot, therefore, be acted on at present.
FORFIGN PAUPERS, CRIMINALS, ETC.
Mr. WENTWORTfl, of Massachusetts. I
ask ihe unanimous eonsentof the [louse to report
back,ftom the Committee on Commerce, a bill
(No. (J13) to prevent the introduction into the
United Siatf a of foreign criminals, paupers, idiots,
lunatics, and insane and blind persona, with some
amendments.
Mr PHELPS, [object.
Mi. WENT WORTH. I move to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion already
pending 10 Mj&rend the rules.
Mr. PHELPS I desire that the pending mo-
tion to suspend the rules shall be disposed of, xn
order that the House may act upon the naval
appropriation bill which was reported last evening
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and that it may be sent to the Senate.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE SA-VANNAH RIVER.
The House then proceeded to consider the mo-
tion,submitted last evening by Mr. Seward, to
suspend ihe rules for the purpose of taking up
from the Speakei table Seriate bill No. 599, being
An act to appropriate money to remove the ob-
structions in iheSav.\nnah river, below the city
of Savannah, in the State of Georgia."
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, demanded the yeas
and nays.
M'\ HIBBARD called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kerr and
Chamberlain were appointed.
The House was divided: and the tellers re-
ported ihnty seven in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
86, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Mmtk. Appletnn, A?be, Bennett, Bliss, Bris
tow, B'ook-, Campbell, Carpenter, Caruihers, Chamber-
lain, Chandler. Clia-iain, Clark, Clingn.an, Cook. Cox,
Craige, Crocker, Culloui, DicKinson, Dunbar, Eastman,
E<kly,Tnomas D. EJiot. Etlierldge, Florence, Green, Giey,
Haven, IJonn, IJiester, Howe, Hiiabes, Hum, Roland .lone?,
Kerr, Latham, Lindidey, McDousall, MoN-ur, Mattesori,
Maurice, Maxwell, May, Middleswaith, Morgan, Nich-
ols, Old?-, Mordecui Oliver, Orr, Phillip*, Pringle, Puryear,
R^ady. Richardson, Thomas Ritchey, ttobbins, RulSn, Rus-
sell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Shower, Simmons, Sam-
uel A. Smith, Sollers, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Ucstor L. Stevens, David Smart, John L. Tay-
lor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Tweed, Upham, Van-
sant. Walley, Elhhu B. Wa^hburne, Wells, John Went-
wori'h,Tappan VVentworth, Westbrook, Wheeler, Witte,
and Zollicoffer—86
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Banks, Belcher, Benson, Bridges,
Cas-kie, Chase, Cobb, Corwiri, Cutting, John G. Davis,
DdWaon, Disney, Edxerton, Edmundson, JohnM. Elliott.
Ellison, Everhart,Faulkner, Fentori, Fuller, Gamble, Gid-
dnigs, IlaT.ilton, Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Hen-
dricks, flibbard, Houston, lngersol), Daniel T. Jones,
George W. Jones, Kidwell, Knox, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane,
Letcher, McCulloch, Maedonald, McQueen, Mace, May-
all, Meacham, Million, Morrison. Murray, Norton, An-
drew Ohvrr, Pd!k«*r, Peck, Ptckhom, Ph< lp<, Powell,
Sfr-ymour. Rkelion, Sir.uton, Siraub, Tracy, Tiout, Wade,
and ilendnck B. Wughi—02.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. PENNINGTON stated that he was not
within the bar when his name was called on the
above vote, or that he should have voted in the
affirmative.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asuury Dickins, their Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed the Post
OOiceappropriation bill, with sundry amendments;
in wnich he was requested to ask the concurrence
of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to have that bill, with
the amendments, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bills and joint resolution; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act granting bounty land to Susan Palmer;
A bill for the relief of Mrs. Helen Mackay,
administratrix "f Lieutenant Colonel /Eneas Mac-
kay, late a deputy quartermaster in the United
States Army;
An act making appropriation for military de-
fenses at Proctor's Landing, in Louisiana;
An act to remodel the diplomatic and consular
systems of the United States;
An act to promote the efficiency of the Navy;
and
A resolution accepting the sword of General
Andrew Jackson, and returning the thanks of
Congress to the family of the lute General Robert
Armstrong.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The business next in order
is the motion to commit the naval appropriation
bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw the motion to
commit, and move the previous question on the
engrossment of the bill.
CIRCUIT COURT IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to take from the
Speaker's table Senate bill No. 589. j
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman ■
from California is not m order, unless by unani-
mous consent, or by a suspension of the rules.
Mr. LATHAM. Well, i ask unanimous con-
sent for that purpose.
Mr. PHELPS. I object.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to suspend the rules.
Several Members. What is the bill?
Mr. LA PLi AM. 11 is a b.II to establish a cir-
cuit court in the Srate of California.
Mr. STAN TON, of Tennessee. I suggest to
the gentleman from California that he let his
motion be passed over informally until the naval
appropriation bill is disposed of. I presume there
will be no objection to his bill then.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection that
course will be pursued.
No objection was made.
JVAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question was ordered to be put,
Mr. PHELPS. The amendments to this bill
were read over yesterday, and adopted without
any objection. I hope the question will be takes
upon them in gross, and 1 am of the opinion that
the Howe will not require them to be read again.
By unanimous consent, the question was taken
in gross upon all the amendments reported from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and they were agreed to without being
read.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read a third time, and passed.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved that
the motion to reconsider do lie upon the tabiej
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON took the floor.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 now rise to the privileged
question which I have mentioned.
" The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from California [Mr. Latham] to suspend the
rules for the purpose of acting on the bill which
he refers to, is the matter regularly in order; but
the Chair does not know what proposition the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] wishes
to submit
Mr HOUSTON. Was the motion of the gen-
tleman from California in order when it was made?
The SPEAKER. It was.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not so understand it.
I have one of the appropriation bills which has
not yet been considered. There is but one small
amendment to i , and my purpose is to ask the
[louse to discharge from its further consideration
the Committee of the Whole on the sute of the
Union, and let it be acted on at once that it may
be sent to the Senate.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the gentleman from Alabama shall be
at liberty to pursue the course proposed by him
as to the bill he refers to?
There was no objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. The bill in question is the
fortification bill; it wiil not take ten minutes in
disposing of it. I movethat the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be discharged
from its further consideration.
The bill was then taken up, and reported by its
title, as follows:
House bill (No. 580) making appropriations for
fortifications and other works of defense, and for
repairs of barracks and quarters for the year
ending 30th June, 1856.
The (SPEAKER. If there he no objection the
bill will be considered by the House, the rule re-
quiring it to be considered by the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
There was no objection. The Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was accoidingly
discharged from the further consideration of the
biil, and it was raken u-> to be acted on.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is but one amend-
ment which ? am inslrucied by the Committee of
Ways and Means to propose; and I ask the
previous question on it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment was then reported, as follows:
Pago 3, after the word   Caiolina," in the fifty sixth
lin<% Pirtke out "$l„r,00," and insert m lieu thereof
" go.QUO so that the clause will read :
For repairs of Fort Moultrie, Charleston harbor, South
Carolina, $5,000. '
The question was taken; and the amendment
was adopted.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read a third time, and passed.
Mr. ELORENCE moved toieeons'derthe vote
by which the bill was passed? and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM, i now renew my motion to
suspend the rules.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. I ask the gentleman from
California to yield me the floor for one moment,
tnat l may ask the unanimous consent of ihe
House to take up and pass a private bill to which
there is no objection.
Mr. LATHAM. I yield the floor to the gen-
tleman from Virginia for mat purpose, provided
it does not interfere with my motion, and that the
House unanimously consent to the proposition of
