1855.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I rise to a question of
Then I do not
Mr. EDMUNDSON.
order.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH.
yield the floor further
Mr. COBB. Will not the gentleman allow me
to read the other amendment?
Mr, EDMUNDSON. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania yielded the floor, the gentleman from
Alabama is in order.
Mr. COBB. The other provision which we
had reported, and the substance of which 1 desire
to see attached to this bill, is this:
That the children of a deceased officer or soldier, who
were minors on the day of the passage of said acts, respect-
ively, may receive the warrants promised them by said acts,
although they may have since attained the age of twenty-
one >eais: Provided, That a warrant for the identical ser-
vice fur which the claim is made has not already issued to i
some person entitled to receive the same.
Mr. WHEELER. I rise to a question of or-
der. The previous question has been demanded,
and no debate is in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to withdraw the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. WHEELER. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania assures me that he has not withdrawn his
demand.
The SPEAKER. Then no debate is in order.
Mr. HAMILTON. The House allowed amend-
ments to be presented to this bill the other day,
and ordered them to be printed. I submit that
these amendments should be considered as offered
to the bill before the previous question is seconded.
[Loud cries of " Order!"]
Mr. EDGERTON. I move to lay the bill upon
the table; and upon that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. I should like to
know how the gentleman from Ohio obtained the
floor to make that motion ? I have not yielded it
for any such purpose.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania could not occupy the floor. Having de-
manded the previous question, he was no more
entitled to the floor than any other member of the
House. The gentleman from Ohio then rose, was
recognized regularly by the Chair, and made the
motion to lay the bill upon the table, which mo-
tion he had the right to make.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to appeal to the
gentleman from Ohio to withdraw his motion to
lay on the table, and allow the vote to be taken
upon the bill, it is consuming the time of the
House unnecessarily 
[Loud and repeated cries of " Order !"]
Mr. McMULLIN. I am addressing myself to
the gentleman from Ohio, and gentlemen have no
right to call me to order.
Mr. EDGERTON. I do not withdraw the
motion.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I hope the House
will vote the previous question down.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Edgf.r-
ton's motion, and decided in the negative—yeas
55, nays 132; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Barksdale,
Cany, Belcher, Benton, lihss, Boyce, Brooks, Campbell,
Cobb, Crauzu, John G. Davis, Disney, Dowdell, Eabtman,
Eddy, Edgerton, Fuller, Goode, Aaion Harlan, Hastings,
Hendnekf. iltbhard, Houston, Johnson, George W Jones,
Roland Jones Kent, Lamb, Latham, Letcher, McDougnll,
McUueen, Smith Miliar, MilUon, Morrison, Nichols, Orr,
Parker, Pennington, Phelps, Phillips, Riddle, Reward,
Sevniour, Shannon, Shaw, George W. Smyth, Ilestor L.
Stevens. Andrew Stuart, Wade, Walker,and Wells—5.").
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Appleton,
Ashe, Ball, Bennett, Benson, Bocock, Bridges Bnstow,
Bug®,Carpenter, Carutheis, Oaskie, Ohambeilain, Chand-
ler, Chastam, Chrismaiij Chngman, Cook, Conviu, Cox,
Cuilom, Curtis, Thomas Davis, Dawson, De Witt, Dick,
Diikm^on, Dunbar, Dunham, Edmundson, Thomas D.
Eliot, John M. Elliott, Ellison, Engl^li, Etheridge, Ever-
liart, Failey, Flagler, Florence, Gamble, Giddina>, Good-
rich, Goodwin, Green, Greenwood, Grev, Hamilton,
Andrew J. Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Henn, Riester,
Howe, Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, Kerr, Kidweil, Knox,
Kurtz, Lane, Lewis, Lilly, Lmdley, Luidaley, McCul-
loch, MeMuUm, McNair, Mace, Matteson, Maurice, Max-
well, May, Meaeham, Middlebwarth, Morgan, Murray,
Noble, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Packer,
Peck, Peckham, Bishop Perkins, Powell, Pratt, Preston,
Piri«le, Puryear, Heady, Ree>.e, Richardson, David Ritchie,
Rabbins, Rogers, Rovve, Ruffin. Russell, Sabm, Sage,
Sa;jp, Shower, Skelton, Samuel A. Smith, Sollers,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stratton,
Straub, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor,
Nathaniel G, Taylor, Teller, Thurston, Trout, CJpham,
Vansant, Walley, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washhurn,
John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Westbrook,
Wheeler, Witte, Daniel B. Wright, Hendrick B.Wright,
Yates, and ZolHcoffer—132.
So the bill was not laid upon the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BAILEY, of Georgia, when his name was
called, declined to vote, for the reason that, if the
bill should pass, he would be entitled to receive a
tract of land under it for military services.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to withdraw the demand
for the previous question, to allow the House to
perfect the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. X must object to
any discussion.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the attention of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Middle-
swarth] to the following points, which I think
have escaped his attention. By the first section
of the bill land is given to those who have been
regularly mustered into the service, and whose
services have been paid by the United States to
their widow or minor children. The thirteenth
section gives larxl to any one who has performed
military service, though not regularly mustered
into the service of the United States, and the
widows and children. Where they served and
their service has been recognized by the Govern-
ment, the benefit of the act extends only to minor
children, where they have children both minor and
adult. Before I support this bill it must be changed
in this particular.
[Cries of " Order I" " Order!"]
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire the attention of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania for one single
moment. I understand that before he demanded
the previous question he moved an amendment to
strike out the last proviso to the first section of
the bill.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would suggest to the
gentleman that he insert, in lieu of the proviso
which he proposes to strike out, the following:
Provided, That no member of either branch of Congress
shall be entitled to receive any brnefit under this act.
[Cries of " No !" " No !" " Order!"]
Mr. JONES. I object to all discussion.
The SPEAKER. If the demand for the pre-
vious question be not withdrawn, all propositions
to amend, explain, or debate, are out of order.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 ask unanimous consent,
then, that my amendment may be read before the
vote is taken upon seconding the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. 1 object, and call
for the question.
The following is the amendment of Mr. Hamil-
ton:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmcrxca in Congress assembled,
That each of the surviving commissioned and non-comnns-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates, whether of regu-
lais, volunteers, rangers, or militia, who were regularly
mustered into the service of the United States, and every
officer, commissioned and non commissioned, seaman,
ordinary seaman, marine, clerk, and landsman in the
Navy, in any of the wars in winch this country has been
engaged since 1790, and each of the survivors of the militia,
or volunteers, or State troops of any State or Territory,
called into military service, and regularly mustered therein,
and whose services have been paid by the United States,
shall be entitled to receivc a certificate or warrant from the
Department of the Interior for one hundred and sixty acres i
of land; and where any of tho*e wliu have so been mus- j
tered into service and paid shall have received a certificate I
or vvanant, he *haU be entitled to a certificate 01 warrant '
for such quantity of land as will make, in the whole, with j
what he may have heretofore received, one hundred and j
sixty acres to each such person having served as aforesaid: !
Pioouled* The person so having been in service shall not !
reccive said land warrant it it bhali appear by the muster- ■
rolls of his regiment or corps that he deserted, or was dis-
honorably discharged from service: Provided, Tlut no 1
certificate or warrant shall issue for a service less than I
fourteen days: Jlnd provided, That m the case of the I
death of any person who, if living, would have been entitled
to the provision of this act, leaving a widow, then ^aid
widow shall be entitled to receive a certificate or warrant
for the same quantity of laud thai such deceased person
would have been entitled to under the provision of this act
if living.
Sec. *2. Jind be it further enacted, That said certificates
or warrants may be assigned, transferred,or located by the
warrantees or their heirs-at-law, according to the piovis-
10115 of existing laws regulating the assignment, transfer,
and location of bounty land warrants, but no warrant or
certificate it-sued under the provisions of this act shall be
located on any public lands, except such as shall at the
time be subject to sale, either at the minimum or lower
graduated prices : Provided, That the receivers and regis-
ter of the several land offices shall be severally authorized
to charge and receive for their services m locating all war-
rants or certificates under the provisions of this act, the
same percentage or compensation to which they are entitled
by law for sales of the public lands for ea h,(at the rate of
§1 25 per acre,1* the said compensation or p"rcentage to be
paid Oy the holdeis or assignees of such warrants or cer-
tificates.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Interior establish such rules and regulations for.the
execution of this act as lie inay deem necessary and proper*
Mr. ETHERlDGrE. There is a clerical error
in the fourth section. I hope it will be corrected.
There can be no objection.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I call the gentle-
man to order. I object to all discussion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair announces that
no gentleman can be in order pending the demand
for the previous question, unless he rises to a
privileged question.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order. I
desire to know whether, if the previous question
be sustained, it will not bring us to a vote upon
the bill?
The SPEAKER. And the pending amend-
ments.
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise for the purpose of
appealingtothegentleman from Pennsylvania 
[Loud cries of(< Order!"]
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the first section of the bill. I am a friend
of the bill, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
knows.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I call the gentle-
man to order.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question ?
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. I do not.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then the gentUman will
force me to vote against the bill.
[Cries of " Order !"]
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I desire to propound
a question to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. EDGERTON. I object to all discussion.
Mr. SHAW. Is it in order to move to refer
the bill to the Committee on Public Lands?
The SPEAKER. It is not, until the House
shall have disposed of the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. HENN. I wish to ask the Chair whether,
if the previous question is now sustained, it will
cut off the privilege of having the angepdments,
which have been printed by the order of the
House, read ?
The SPEAKER. Those amend ments have been
printed, it is true, by the order of the House, but
they are not pending to the bill, or connected with
it in any way, and will be excluded by the opera-
tion of the previous question.
Mr. HENN. Cannot they be read now?
The SPEAKER. They cannot except by
unanimous consent. The gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Hamilton] has appealed to the House
to allow them to be read, and it has-been refused.
Mr. CAMPBELL, i move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio is in order,
for the reason that the House is acting under a
suspension of the rules. The Chair thinks the
practice has been both ways m regard to the mat-
ter.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
to the Chair that the suspension of the rales only
operated to bring the bill before the House, and
that being before the House, u is subject to the
same rules as if it had come up leguiarly, and
that any motion is in order now, which would have
been m order if the bili had come up regularly.
The SPEAKER. The motion, it is true, was
to suspend the rules for the purpose of taking up
the bill, but that motion earned with it a disposi-
tion of the bill, and the House has not yet made
any disposition of it. We are now acting under
a suspension of the rules which authorizes the
taking up and disposing of the bill, in the opinion
of ttie Chair.
Mr. JONES. I would ask the Chair one ques-
tion.
[Loud cries of " Order I'*]
Mr. JONES. If this bill had come up regu-
larly, without a suspension of the rules, would
not the motion of the gentleman from Ohio have
been in order#
