974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Mr. SOLL&RS. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPM IvkR. Debate is not in order.
The question now being upon the demand for
the previous question, *
Mr. YVASULURjNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
I'ellers were ordered; and Messrs. ICeitt and
Sollers were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 74, noes 99.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. DENTON. The pending motion, I be-
lieve, Mr. Speaker, is on the amendment offered
by the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mid-
dleswarth,] to efnke out the last piovibo, and
substitute that which he offers, i move to amend
that amendment by inserting a set of provisos.
Ivir. Benton's amendment to the amendment
was then reported, as follows:
Promdtd, That the representatives of no British deserter
who received bounty laud, or ivas entitled to receive it,lor
geiviccs in the revolutionary war, under Hie acts appioved
Autgu>i 8, 17*36, and March 27, 1792, shall be emuhd to
receive any land, or pension, or mere ;tse oi pension, under
this net: Also, thai the representatives ot no Canadian or
Nova Scoua refugee, who receivul, or was entitled to
receive, iiuul or p<ii-ion lor t-erviecs in the revolutionary
war, uid< r ihe acts pa-s < d April 2j, 1183, April )3, 17&">,
Ma> -0, 17^5, Febiuaty 18, ibul, April 29, .bl6, Ap il7,
l'j9d, March 16, itoj, fr'etuu.iry 16, IbUi, ma en lti( 3,
April 2'4, i8j-j, March 3. l&j7,or under any other aet grant-
nig land^ or pensions lo said Oanadiai' or Nova Seou.i relu-
get>, or tin irr« piesentalive--, sh ii it ceive any bounty laud,
or pension, or increase ut petit-ion, und< r thn> act: ale-o,
thai no • fliccr or soldn r *>1 the r< vo.utionary war, or their j
reprureniuuvc**, who leeeived bount} land ior revolutionary |
seivice*, or w«. re « untied lo receive n, uuderany one ul the ;
forij-^ev  n <tci  pa-.-i d lor hiieh purpose-, trom May i20,
io March J, lbo9, melUMVely, .-ha I receive any land
under this aet: AImj, that no pe^on, or un.ir repie^enia-
Uvrti, who iee<ived, or Were entided to receive, bounty
land.- under anyone of the toriv lour ol the acis< passed by
congress lor f-ati*l.viug bounties granted fy Ihe State of
Virginia to tier oliicers and >oUJn.r  engaged in the revolu-
tionary war Also, Ihiil no person, or his leprcscniaiive,
sh.tll iee<*ive any bounty land until r ihe j-aid aet who shall
have received, or ih en t nulled to lecejv, hount} land • roin
any one ot' tiic states n r nei vices periorined in ihe icvolu-
Monuryuar: Also, that no person, or his representative,
who belonged to Fienth oroihi r loieign troops, who served
in the revolutionary war, sli.iil rtceive «ui> land under this
act: Also, that no evidence, except othcial reeoie! evi-
dence, shall be; received and acted upon in any ea«e what-
ever lor bounty land undei the provisions o( tins act: Jind.
provided fnrthci, Thai no person, or Ins leptesentatjvc,
Who served iu any war beiweenthe years 17 yu aid 1812, j
shall be emitted to r> ceive any bounty land uuder tins act, |
who shall havt ieecived,or b>-<n oiuthdio receive, any i
land underTliis act, and that all claims tor land Ioui<d> d on j
such seiviee shall only be considered and allowed upon j
record evidence: Jind ptouded further, '1 hat no person, •
or his teprescntauve, ciainnny land u. dor ihi«s aet, who I
served in the war oi jtflj, and who received bounty land, 1
or were: < titilh d to icceive bounty laud, under am one of ,
the fi.ty-ei^lu act-*, public or private, p.kwd fiom D< ceni- ;
ber21> 1811,lo March 3, 184."), inclu-ivi!y, tor <ri<int!ugr or j
assuring bounty lands t<> pejsons si mug m said war,and
espe ially who recetv, d bounty lands under the aci ol M<iy .
6, JM2,  runtii,  s-ix imlii ns ol acres* lor bountn s n  su« h i
pe<sou*, lying in the Teriunties of Michigan, Illinois, and ,
Missouri, or under the act ol April 1(5, ISlb gianting an nd- I
dit'Onai quantity ol iwo millions ot acres to bUeli persons, 1
lying in ine T> rruory oi Arkansas, shall be enltl ed toie- •
cme any boiin'>s laud und( i lhis>aet; ami no evidence but
that ol the recoid shall be ri ceived or considered in support
of any claim f« r service m the <aid war of 1812 with Great
Britain: JJnd provided further, That no person, or hi* legal j
representative, who shall e.ann bounty land lor feeiviee  in |
the (ate war with Mexico, and who receiv- d, or were en- |
titled to receive bounty lauds for such service, uuder either j
ot ihe thirteen acts pamed lor that purpose, fiom February <
11 to July y*j, 18'lb, nielUMVt ly,shall icceiveanyland under )
this act ; nor shall any evidence except the record be re- ,
ceived in suppori e>f any sucii claim atter the lap«e of thirty [
yeais alter me date ol the origin ot such claim : */.ind pro- ij
vided J in f her, That no Indian shall be consider* d a* en tilled ''
to the hem Ills ol awhne man undertint act, unless he sitall ;<
have Ihm ndoinictiiae d among the white people, and shall ;
have been regularly enrolled in the military o< rvice, and his i j
claim proved by rrcoid ev dence : provided further, ;j
That no person, or his h-g.-l representative, belonging to the j.
naval service e f t!ie Untied Siaies, shd.il be allowed tore- \ [
ceive anj bounty land under this acr, who received, or were ,
entitled bj law to receive, prize-money tor captures-, or /
destruction <>l e'liemicN vessels, during ihe war, or who '
have rei eivt d n-ionrf fur ^uch t-ervice; ani no evidence ii
but that of the tecoid thall be received or considered in [!
support ol any claim which shall, at the lime u is offered, j
n late back to a period ol thirty years: Jlwl proiidcdjur/hcr, , >
That the period of service to entitle' any person whatever i1
to bounty l.ind under tins act shall, in no e ate, be less than ,
tiie ordinary leng n ol a camp nun, whie-h shall be averaged ,!
at *ix niouihs: *h,d provided farther, That, no mcrca.-e of ;
p< nsion shall be made under this act to any person wtyu- |i
ever, or his representative, winch person shall already ,
have received hid or her pentiou for a period of seven !
ye.irs. wnhi'iit bavititf made to t'ougres.-, or the Govern- 1
men', a wnhen applicauon for an increase, and staling '
the particular reasons on winch such application w.is ,•
founded: «/J> d jnoaded further, Tint all bounty lands ,
granted undei this act, shall be free from tax until tin; |
patent sbuil bo granted therefor, and shall be unassignable j]
ot uaua&tabio during Hie same period, aud Uiat aa con- |j
tracts with agents for any pait of the same, or for money,
or other thing, in consideration of being instrumental in
getting this net passed, or obtaining the watrant or patent
atler il shall have passe d, shall be, and the same is hereby,
dec'ared to be null and void; and all pajniems made on
such account shall be recoverable back by any person in-
terested therein, without limitation of time; and tiiat no
me mber of the present Congicss, or any person related lo
him within the levmcal degiees of prednbited marriages,
shall ever receive an assignment or tiansh r of any bounty
land granted under tins act, all such uansfers and assign-
ments being hereby declared to be null and void ab initio.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Benton] wili yield to me for a
moment—as 1 see that he id quite hoarse—I will
move to refer this bill, with the amendments, to
the Committee of ihe Whole on ihe state of the
Union. That motion wiil bring the bill up to-
morrow as unfinished business; and then, after
making that motion, I will move that the iiouse
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. 1 submit the question to
the Chair, whether the motion to refer would not
bring the bill up to-morrow morning?
'ihe SPEAKER. That motion would bring
up this bill lor consideration to-morrow as unfin-
ished business.
Mr. JOINES. If the gentleman from Missouri
will yield the floor to me, I will then make that
motion.
Mr. BENTON. I am dreadfully hoarse, occa-
sioned by sitting up night after night examining
this very matter, and during that time 1 have re-
ferred to about one huwdied and fifty acts. I will
yitld the floor to the gentleman fiom Tennessee,
lor the purpose indicated by him.
Mr. JOjNES. J then move to refer the bill and
amendments to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and 1 now move that the
House resolve itstif into the Committee of tho
Whole on the slate of the Union.
Mr WITTK. I want to know whether it is
competent for the gentleman from Tennessee to
take the floor from the gentleman from Missouri,
for the purpose of making a motion first to refer
the bill and amendments to the Committee of the
Whole on ihe state of the Union, and then to
make a motion, also, that ihe House now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
! nessee has the right, under the rules, to make the
: two motions. If not objected to, the question will
| be upon the motion that the House now resolve
1 itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
I state of the Union.
; Mr. STRAUB. I object.
I The SPEAKER. The question then arises as
, to the right of the House to go into the Commit-
, tee of the Whole on the state of the Union when
| they were considering a bill brought befeire them
for consideiation by a suspension of the rules,
i Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I would in-
1 quire whether a motion to postpone this matter
until to-morrow at twelve o'clock would be in
order ?
| The SPEAKER. Such a motion would be in
order.
Mr. STANTON. I then make that motion.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Upon that motion 1 de-
mand the yeas und nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Tennessee, demanded tellers
on the yeas and nays; which were not ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stan-
ton's motion; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive.
So the further consideration of the bill was post-
poned till to-morrow at twelve o'clock.
Mr. HAVEN. I rtse to make a privileged
motion. I move the usual resolution to close de-
bate on the amendments to the Indian appropria-
tion bill in twenty minutes after the Committee of
the Whole shall resume their consideration.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. DUNCAR. Before the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of ihe Union, I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table a
joint resolution of the Senate with regard to the
custom-house at New Orleans. It does not make
an appropriation of money, and it is a matter of
urgent necessity that the lesolution pass, or the
building of the custom-house will have to be
stopped.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 object.
Mr. HUNT. Will not the gentleman from
Indiana withdraw his objection ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 will withdraw it.
Mr. JONES,of Tennessee. But ! do not with-
draw my motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union
Mr. WITTE. I desire to submit a motion to
suspend the rules, to enable me to take from the
Speaker's table a Senate bill-  
The SPEAKER. There is a proposition pend-
ing to suspend the rules for the purpose of going
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, which supersedes that motion, and no
other motion to suspend the rules is at this time
in oider.
The question was then taken on Mr. Jone&'s
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Hlndricks in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the Senate amendments to the
Indian appropriation bill.
The following Senate amendment being under
consideration:
Sec. 5. JJntf be U further enacted, That to enahlP Ihe
President ol the United States to carry out in good faith the
recent treaties with the Oiiops and Mi^s-otiria^, Omahas,
Dclawmos, lowajs, Saes and Foxes of Missouri, Kieka-
poos and the united tubes of TCa^kaskias arri Peorias,
I'lanio phaws and VVcas, Shawnee-*, and Miamie-s, there
?hn!l be,and hereby i*, appropnated the sum oi f$-20,000,m
addition to tho appropriations heretofoie made, for the exe-
cution of the suivejs icquired bv said treaties; and where
the net proceeds of the lands ced'-d by either of said treaties
nie leijuired to be paid over to th<' Indians, the Prurient
'-bail cause: paid InruK to be elasvififd and valued : am?
when such classification and valuation have been made to
In* satisfaction, he shall cause said lands to be olf< red at
public sale, by l' gal subdivision*- or town Jok, ai f-ueh lim* 3
and place s, <mel in such mannei and quantity, a-> to linn
f-hall appear proper and necessary to carry out faithfully
the stipulations in said treaties; ami «aid land* shall not be
sold at public or private s*le for a less price than that fixed
by the valuation aforesaid, till otherwise directed b} law:
1'roi ided, Thar the Piesident may order a new treaty to be
made wnh the Delaware*, ioways, Weas, Peorms, Kaskns-
kms, and Piankeshavvs, or such of them as he may deem
nece^ary.
The first question before the committee was upon
the following pending amendments to the same,
recommended by the Committee of Ways and
Means;
After ihe words " the President shall cau«e said lands,"
insert the words "or such parts thereof as he may deem
properand to ins< rt, after the wordb li fixed by the val-
uanon aforesaid," the word", {: nor f-hall any land be sold
at public sale at a less price than $1 25 per acre.'' Am!
also to strike out the words Provided, Thar ihe President
may order a new treaty to be made with the Delaware*,
loway, Wea-s, Peonas, Ka-kaskias, and Piankeshaws, or
such of them as lie may deem necessary."
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Kan-
sas [Mr. Whitfield] is entitled to the floor upon
the amendments, but as he is not present the ques-
tion will be taken, if no other person desires to
discuss it.
The question was taken; and the amendments
were agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment offered yesterday by Mr. Orr, as follows:
Strike out the words "till otherwise directed by law, 
and insert in lieu thereof the words " for three jcars, and
therpdlter as may be directed by law, -pursuant io the
treaty."
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is upon
concurring in iheSenate amendment, as amended.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to offer an amendment
to the amendment. I move to strike out all alter
the word " treaties," m the ninth line, that is, all
after the word "treaties" where it occurs ih8
second time. That is the amendment which I in-
tended to have offered yesterday, but was pre-
vented by the committee taking a recess before
the previous pending amendments were acted
upon. I do not desire, however, to detain the
committee now, as the remarks which I submnted
yesterday to the committee were made in view of
this amendment. I wiil only say that.the amend-
ment proposes to strike out all that part of the Sen-
ate amendment which relates to the valuation and
classification of the lands which the Deiawures,
loways, Kickapoos, and other tribes of Indians,
ceded in trust to the United States.
Mr. ORR. 1 hope the motion of the gentleman
from Missouri will not prevail, if his amendment
